 ♪ Hello and welcome to another episode, a no such thing as a fish, a weekly podcast
 coming to you from the QI offices in Covern, Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber and I'm sitting here with Andrew Huntamari, Anna Chizinski and
 James Harkin and once again we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite
 facts from the last seven days and in no particular order here we go.
 Starting with fact number one and that's my fact.
 My fact this week is that the Chinese government are planning on giving their national anthem
 a speed limit.
 So this is a plan at the moment.
 They haven't enforced it yet, apparently in the next month or so a paper will be proposed
 to enforce this.
 They believe that the anthem is being abused by the people singing it.
 Really?
 Yeah, they've called it a damaging situation, they're saying it's not universally respected
 and cherished.
 People are laughing when they're singing, they're singing too fast, they're singing
 too slow.
 They're singing too furious?
 Yeah, they're singing.
 So the song is called March of the Volunteers.
 Right.
 It's originally, although anyone not volunteering will be in trouble.
 It originally appeared in a movie soundtrack.
 It was part of a movie.
 The movie was cool.
 You're now not allowed to fast forward that movie anymore.
 Yeah, it was in a movie called Children of Trouble Times and it was actually quite a political
 movie and the song was wrote in specifically for it and what ended up happening was people
 started singing it and it caught on more and more and people thought this would make
 a good anthem.
 So it became the official anthem.
 How are they going to deal with the laughter issue because you can still laugh at tempo?
 You can.
 They've got any plan to...
 Welcome back.
 Yeah, there's going to be... you're going to get dressed down basically, you'll be criticised
 and corrected.
 What, put in more casual clothes?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So it's like Mufti Day.
 No.
 No, it's different because dress down Friday isn't where you come in and just get told
 off all day.
 It is one I do it.
 But interestingly, the Chinese government, they banned their own national anthem three years
 ago from all sorts of places so they said you're not allowed to sing it outside major sporting
 events or formal diplomatic occasions so you're not allowed to sing it at your wedding
 if you want to or at a funeral or anywhere which has apparently an inappropriate atmosphere.
 Right.
 Do weddings if you're not allowed to have particularly similar atmospheres?
 So Germany banned their own... some of their own anthem, didn't they?
 Oh, yeah.
 Wait, I mean like a bit of the song or...
 Yeah, they banned the first couple of verses because it was associated with the Nazi regime
 and there was that really embarrassing moment.
 I think it was last year or a couple of years ago, it was a US-Germany football match, like
 a friendly football match I think and there was an opera singer there from America called
 Will Kimball who was singing as a mark of respect to the Germans, the German national
 anthem, but he started singing the lines that were associated only with Nazi Germany.
 With Dutchland, Dutchland, Uber-Allers.
 Yeah.
 Which, when you hear those words, you do think immediately of Hitler.
 That's the version I've been singing this whole time, is that really not the version
 anymore?
 Yeah.
 You're not meant to sing that.
 It's the thing.
 It's in German, I didn't know.
 I didn't know what I'm singing.
 It's because the only words you know really are Dutch and Dutch and Uber means good, right?
 Good, yeah.
 So, until you get to that level, it sounds like quite a good lyrics, right?
 What's the word that tips it over?
 There's no word that's bad, it just means Germany, Germany, overall.
 It's just like the fact that Hitler itself is not a bad sound, but the association now
 with Hitler, the man, made it a name you probably, hopefully, won't call your child.
 But I shouldn't.
 And in the same way, the National Anthem was often sung by the Nazis.
 So now it's got those bad associations.
 Speaking of people who made National Anthem full par, is it full par or false par?
 I think.
 Have we ever mentioned about opera singer Tony Henry, who's sang the Croatian National Anthem
 before England v. Croatia?
 No.
 And instead of singing Milla Cuda C. Planina, meaning my dear, how much we love your mountains,
 he sang Milla Cura C. Planina, meaning my dear, my penis is a mountain.
 Oh.
 There was a dozi for Milla I winner.
 We spoke about him on the show.
 Do you remember his name?
 I can't remember his name off the top of my head.
 Australia for me.
 Not the one who pushed his car.
 Yeah, who won it on foot.
 My problem was it.
 Yeah, Jack Rowan.
 I think it's him when he won the Formula One once.
 They realized they didn't have the ozzy National Anthem, because they thought it was God save
 the Queen.
 And so they were like, what do we do?
 And all they could think to do was find a drunken trumpet player who just played happy
 both days.
 It burns amazing.
 In Luxembourg, not in Luxembourg, in the Olympics in 1952 Luxembourg weren't expected to win
 anything.
 And they won the 1500 meters, I think, and they got gold.
 And the band, who was supposed to play all the anthems, hadn't been given the score and
 didn't know the Luxembourg National Anthem, because they'd all seen the Luxembourg wouldn't
 win anything.
 And you can see a bit of it on YouTube, but they just improvised the whole thing.
 They just completely make it up.
 It's like when an actor puts on his resume, yeah, I can speak Hungarian, yeah, definitely.
 And he gets to the casting.
 I was looking into music in China generally.
 Now, in terms of record sales, where do you think China sits, rank-wise, worldwide, in terms
 of people who buy music?
 Well, interesting.
 Do you mean are we including things like streaming and stuff like that, just basically spending
 money on music?
 You know, spending money on music, yeah.
 I tend to say, because they've got a billion people there at the top, or at least in the top
 five, I would say.
 They're 12.
 They're 12 in the world.
 And largely that's to do with piracy, that they've only just started to crack down on.
 But they're only starting to boom now because of this crackdown that's gone on.
 But if you look at their lists of best-selling albums, it's still really back in the day
 where...
 So, what do you mean?
 It's like they listen to stuff from the '80s, like Bon Jovier.
 Well, just nothing's taken.
 So, it's mainly Chinese artists and Korean artists and Taiwanese artists that you wouldn't
 have heard of.
 But number four, best-selling album, physical album, of all time in China is Titanic, the soundtrack.
 Oh, okay.
 Yeah.
 In 1998, or 1912, depending on when, which soundtrack you're talking about.
 Just live recording a feeble screening.
 Just the bang going down, because they're current on playing the night.
 But, wait a minute.
 But our best-selling single of all time, at least until recently, was White Christmas.
 So, it's not like our best-selling songs are all new, is it?
 No, no, but it's because people just weren't buying.
 They were buying pirated albums.
 I have a question.
 Yes.
 When Bon Jovier introduces himself, do you think he says the name?
 James Jovier, Bon Jovier, and then he pauses, and then he says, John Bon Jovier.
 Actually, it doesn't in three steps.
 I think you both.
 Is Bon Jovier, is Bon his middle name?
 This is what I'm trying to get at.
 Is it his real name, first of all?
 I don't know.
 No, I don't think it is.
 But if it is, it must be his middle, because it's not hyphenated, is it?
 So, it's not a double-barrelled.
 But it doesn't get Mother Bon by the Jovier.
 Lowercase though.
 Lowercase though, the Bon.
 No, no.
 It's uppercase.
 I think that when Jacob Riesmog introduces himself, he says, the name's Mog, Riesmog.
 Jacob Riesmog.
 Yes, I do.
 Do you?
 OK, all right.
 Well, yeah, in that case, maybe he does, because I imagine those two are the same.
 I like the name's Mog very much.
 Mog the cat.
 Did you know that in Tang Dynasty, China, so just over a thousand years ago, I think that was,
 then, you were supposed to greet and bid goodbye to people by improvising verse on the spot
 whenever you did it.
 If you were an educated person, you had to improvise a bit of poetry.
 How did you do the improv?
 Did you ask for a word?
 Just a non-geographical location, like a school.
 A school?
 They've actually just banned some songs, haven't they?
 Oh, I think, sorry.
 I think in 2015, they banned some songs.
 So the Chinese Ministry of Culture released a list of 120 songs that are banned for being
 immoral.
 And just on that list, there was included a song called "College Self Study Room," which
 is about a guy having a difficult time finding a place to study for university, banned
 from being immoral.
 Wow.
 What does he do instead of study?
 I didn't actually understand this song, because I'm not fluent.
 I'm just trying to think what immorality there might be in this song.
 So you think he gave up on trying to find the study and ended up masturbating instead of
 something?
 Panache.
 It's like he could read my mind.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two, and that is James Harkin.
 Okay, my fact this week is that in 1921, 78% of shaving brushes sold in New York contained
 anthrax.
 And did it make it froth better or were they putting that in there?
 It wasn't put in there on purpose.
 It is the fact that shaving brushes used to be and sometimes still are made out of badger,
 and they used to get high quality badger fur from Russia, and then they would disinfect
 it in France.
 But then around the war time, they stopped sanitizing it.
 And badger hair is actually okay, because it's not that susceptible to anthrax poisoning.
 But when Russia fell apart a bit, we had to start importing horse hair from China and Japan,
 and horse hair is much more susceptible to anthrax, and so suddenly that became an issue.
 Ah, yes, you're right.
 And what people thought at the time during the war was it there was diabolical tactics
 of the enemy.
 They said it was down to, but then they realised that it wasn't anything to do with that.
 Occam's razor is the simplest thing.
 We're not cleaning our hair properly.
 Occam's razor.
 Love it, because you're shaving.
 Yeah.
 Actually these brushes are still a problem, because people love to buy antique shaving brushes
 or anything to do with what people like to collect vintage things, and they like to use it
 hipsters mainly, and they'll be using these brushes, and they hipsters all have beards.
 Ah, because they're aware about the anthrax situation going on.
 After they lost some key hipster members of their party to anthrax, do you know just
 on shaving how they use the train barbers?
 Well, so you can't take them to someone's face immediately because they have a sharp
 object.
 No, exactly.
 So was it on an animal?
 It wasn't on an animal that would have been good.
 Maybe there was some animal training.
 I'm sure there was.
 Was it on an arm?
 You do it on your arm.
 That's a good idea.
 Was it on dead bearded people?
 That is good thought.
 Good thought.
 You're doing a apprenticeship at the morgue.
 Actually, that would be quite good at the morgue, although if you made a mistake, you wouldn't
 know about it because they don't bleed.
 You're right.
 Ah, yeah.
 You have to.
 That's why they ended the policy.
 I'm the best barber in the world.
 Um, no.
 Okay, what else could it be then?
 It's something with very thin skin.
 I still don't trample.
 Um.
 I got a testicle.
 I'm going to...
 No, I'm going to...
 What?
 No, you're right, this.
 I thought that was sick of your face.
 What kind of...
 Well, they're delicate.
 We've got a...
 We've got a trainee barber in here today.
 But you find within your balls out for us, then we will do your face, I promise.
 It's his first day, but he's been great in the theory, modules.
 Something with thin skin.
 Eyelids.
 Oh, god, eyelids.
 I'm going to put you out of your misery.
 Balloons.
 What?
 Hairy balloon.
 Hairy balloon.
 Hairy balloon.
 It just sounds like testicles.
 I had no idea.
 Balloons start off hairy.
 And all the ones you get have been through the trainee barber.
 Right.
 So, do you put...
 You must put hair onto the balloon.
 You don't put hair on.
 You put shaving foam.
 Well, this is...
 I saw a British pathophone from the '50s.
 Talked about the training process.
 If they draw a face, they draw little face on the balloon.
 It is a good idea, though, isn't it?
 Because if you nick them, they pop.
 If you nick them, they pop.
 I'm like, the corpse is...
 So...
 It could be a bloated corpse with a lot of hair inside it.
 So, no, you paint the face on.
 And then you put the shaving foam on, and then the trainee has to scrape it off.
 Right.
 Oh, god.
 That's really interesting.
 How do they do it now?
 I don't know.
 Well, there's so little gold for it these days.
 Oh, well, yes.
 But, you know, there's hairdressers nearby here that does shaving them.
 So, I had my beard done, but not a clean shave, not with a razor.
 But, yeah, what they do is they have someone standing over and they train someone to do it.
 And you just have to accept whatever happens.
 That's the...
 They just say this might not work.
 And how is your testicle these days?
 Do you know how you shave in space?
 I think it would be just as easy as out of space, but not in space.
 I think I know a bit of the answer to this.
 But, should I say it?
 Yeah, go for it.
 Is it that you do normal shaving with a buzzer, but you have a vacuum cleaner next to your head and you suck in all the hairs.
 So, you vacuum your face as you...
 Oh, so you don't fill the air with hair?
 Exactly. This is what they have to avoid.
 They have the special really sticky shaving foam. It's called Astro Edge, right?
 And it sticks to the face, but it traps stubble in it.
 And then you have to...
 Well, actually, you can just sort of wipe that into a bag or something and then it's in right back.
 But, when you have your hair cut in space, you have to have a vacuum cleaner next to you.
 That's it. When you have your teeth...
 And then suck, suck.
 Yeah.
 Slippery.
 I don't know what kind of hairdressers you got.
 In shaving news, in recent shaving news.
 Oh, yeah.
 So, since December, there are cats in this small town in Virginia that have been being taken away, having their bellies shaved
 and then returned to their owners otherwise unharmed.
 And no one knows who's doing this or what's happening.
 Police say they're not sure what crime has been committed.
 There's upsetting the owners, so can the perpetrator please stop?
 I suppose it's someone who can't get hold of balloons.
 Yeah.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three, and that is Andy.
 My fact is that the cargo hold of the largest plane in service is longer than the first flight of the Wright brothers.
 How long is it?
 It's pretty long, Anna.
 Pretty long.
 Okay, on we go.
 I wonder if, because they didn't go very high, the Wright brothers either.
 I wonder if they could have actually done the whole flight in there.
 I think they might have been able to do that.
 That first flight was 120 feet long.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 And how long is this cargo hold?
 As I said to Anna, it's quite long.
 Let's talk about some other statistics.
 The whole plane measures 275 feet in length.
 In length, yeah.
 Okay.
 So that's about 100 metres.
 Yeah, it shouldn't sound very long.
 84 metres, but it's very wide.
 And how long did you say this the Wright brothers thing was?
 120 feet.
 Okay, so that figure doesn't it?
 Yeah.
 God, that doesn't sound that long.
 Because I thought that was the longest plane that's going back to overtake this one.
 It's being built by Paul Allen, who's the co-founder of Microsoft.
 And that is going to be, apparently it's going to be wider than a football field.
 Oh no, this one is wider than a football field.
 Well, that's unbelievably wide.
 It's very wide.
 Football field is between, I think you're allowed between 50 metres and 100 metres for a width of a football field.
 So these planes are all metres?
 Yeah.
 That's right.
 That's right.
 And he's playing that you're talking about.
 Yeah.
 Is 275 feet in length.
 Yeah.
 And its wing span is 290 feet.
 There we go.
 Oh wow.
 It's wider than it is long.
 Yes.
 So I've just realised that when I was thinking about width, I forgot to include the wings.
 Yeah.
 Which is why I should never design planes.
 Right.
 Right.
 You've made a car.
 That's what you meant.
 I was including wings.
 Well, that's not that impressive.
 Okay.
 As you were.
 And there is only one of it.
 It's an amazing thing.
 They've built one.
 There is a second one, which they've been working on for 30 years on and off.
 Mostly off.
 Anyway, sorry.
 It's called the Antonov AN225 Maria, which is a Ukrainian plane.
 Yeah.
 And it can fit 10 tanks inside or 50 cars depending on what you need to move around.
 So its maximum takeoff weight is 640 tons.
 Yeah.
 I mean, that is.
 So I checked out a few things that are about that weight.
 Yeah.
 Christ the Redeemer statue is about that weight.
 Is it in Rio?
 And you can strap it on top with the arms over the wings.
 Well, it looks like an aeroplane, doesn't it?
 It does.
 It does.
 It's quite wide if you include the arms, which had a problem it doesn't have.
 Wow.
 That was 640 tons.
 Wow.
 That was incredible.
 So actually, if you had a plane carrying that, you wouldn't even be able to get pilot in there.
 Because you'd already be exceeding the weight limit.
 Yeah.
 Christ would have to be flying the plane himself.
 You'd have to chop off like a finger or something.
 You were not even that.
 You're not even that.
 You haven't kidnapped him, Dan.
 But that's the takeoff weight includes the weight of the plane, I think, doesn't it?
 Yeah.
 So actually, it would be too heavy to carry.
 Is that including the pedestal of the Christ the Redeemer?
 Because it's most of the pedestal.
 I'm not sure, actually.
 I don't know.
 I don't know if it's not, and you didn't include the pedestal.
 I guess you just wouldn't take off.
 Yeah.
 So here's something that you could carry possibly.
 The volume of this cargo hold is 46,000 cubic feet.
 And that is approximately the same volume as the second largest tree in the world.
 Now, the problem is the tree is tree-shaped and the cargo hold isn't tree-shaped.
 So you need to chop it up a lot.
 Right.
 But you theoretically could chop it up and get it in if you put it nicely in light Tetris.
 Turn it into a book or a series of books and have it as a library.
 Speaking of books, do we have a book coming out soon?
 Certainly do.
 November made from the biggest tree in the world.
 I'm not sure I want it if it's made from the biggest tree in the world.
 No.
 Yeah, you do.
 Transported here by the biggest plane in the world.
 No, it wouldn't work.
 It wouldn't work because you had water to make paper, don't you?
 I was reading about the world's biggest private jet.
 Okay.
 So the world's biggest private jet.
 It's been bought by Prince Al Saud of Saudi Arabia.
 He's a Saudi prince and he has done some extraordinary things to it.
 So it's ginormous.
 It can fly 800 passengers.
 It can go 8,000 miles before refueling.
 But obviously it's his own private plane.
 He doesn't want 800 people on there.
 So he's transformed the plane into this incredible mansion-esque house.
 It's got a cinema in there.
 It's got a steam room in there.
 It's got the most impressively of all.
 It's got a prayer room where all of the mats are on the ground are electronic.
 And no matter where you are in the sky, they electronically turn towards Mecca.
 So when you go into prayer, it's facing Mecca.
 That is pretty clever.
 But what if you're hovering directly above Mecca?
 They're cool.
 Yeah.
 They just kind of go vertical, do they?
 I thought of that.
 That's true.
 Trump's private plane is pretty pimped out as well.
 He didn't interview before he became president where he was talking about it.
 And he said, describing his own plane.
 It's bigger than Air Force One, which is a step down from this in every way.
 It's not bigger than Air Force One.
 Don't know why he said that.
 It's much smaller than it.
 It's because he's a pathological liar.
 But the president has her private fleet of planes, which are not Air Force One.
 Right?
 For his own.
 So we all hear about Air Force One, but actually there's a set of planes.
 They're four special Boeing 747s and they are called together.
 They are what is known as the National Airborne Operations Centre.
 Right?
 Where Air Force One is kind of ceremonial and comfortable, these planes are basically war rooms.
 Right.
 And so they're built in the 70s and they're staffed by military analysts and strategists.
 And it was if you were in a nuclear war, you would be flying around in these things.
 Not an Air Force One.
 Why aren't there not to be comfortable?
 Because you need to fit more soldiers in.
 Okay.
 And they have five mile long antenna, which trail behind them, right?
 No, they don't.
 Why?
 A mile long.
 Trailing, wire antenna.
 Yeah.
 With a banner on it.
 One of those advertising banners.
 No.
 Make America a great again.
 Listen, I'm quoting.
 There was a whole feature about these on Politico.
 It said the plane's included a special gear like a five mile long training wire antenna.
 That would ensure that the president could remain in contact with the nuclear submarine fleet,
 even after ground-based communications have been destroyed.
 Is it attached to a submarine, though?
 No, no.
 No, no.
 It's not submarine at the other end.
 You're writing through the air.
 No.
 But if ground-based communications have been destroyed, you need a very long antenna.
 Yeah.
 Five miles is a long antenna.
 It's very long, but what's behind you?
 As long as there's no one flying in the five miles behind you.
 And you're moving so far through this guy, there won't be.
 No.
 I just don't get why you're denying this thing, which I have a direct source for.
 Five miles.
 I just think five miles is a very long antenna.
 It's an extremely long antenna.
 That's, so that's going to collect radio signals.
 That was disputing the length of the antenna.
 How high are you up in the air when you're in a normal flight?
 Because maybe they attach a message to the end of the antenna and they point it at once.
 So you just grab a piece of paper as they fly by.
 I mean, yeah.
 You're actually all right.
 Five miles is very long.
 Because five miles is so long.
 You're not, are you normally five miles up in the air?
 If you're 30,000 feet, what that is, what?
 10,000 yards.
 Yeah.
 And how many yards?
 It's 1560 yards in the miles.
 Yeah.
 So it's about 5,000 miles.
 It's about five miles.
 So it's just a trailer you're longer than that.
 Quick spell, SOS in the sand.
 So do people have to jump out of the way of it when it comes along the ground towards you?
 Look, I think we must have said it wasn't used, okay?
 It just sounds like you guys keep on asking clever dick questions about it.
 Do we think maybe Trump said it was five miles?
 You know North Korea has a plane that can fly backwards?
 No, it doesn't.
 It does.
 It's called the hummingbird.
 It's a very tiny plane.
 But this is, A, it's really cool because it's camouflaged as in.
 It's painted.
 It's so welcome from, and I want to see it.
 No one's ever seen it.
 There it goes.
 It's disguised as a backwards plane.
 This may look like a plane going forward.
 But actually, it's a backwards plane going backwards.
 Thank God, the enemy are flying away.
 Oh no!
 The way you could tell is there's a five mile antenna at the front.
 Okay, it is time for our final facts of the show.
 And that is Anitazansky.
 My fact this week is that poo on a table will look closer to you than it actually is.
 And this is just if there's poo on a table.
 And you think it's only a meter away.
 It's actually probably like just over a meter away.
 Yeah, and then we all thought you were being really weird downstairs when you put that on the table.
 But actually, some first-hand research.
 Just testing it out.
 Yeah, I read this on the website Nautilus, which is a very good website.
 And there was an article about how we perceive distance.
 And I think it was a study that was done by someone called Janine Stefanucci,
 who's a professor of Neural Science in Utah, the University of Utah.
 And yeah, it said that she put kind of a blob of chocolate on a table
 and let her study subjects to believe that it was species.
 And then made it look like feces.
 And then they thought it was closer than it actually was.
 Actually, it's quite an ethical experiment, isn't it?
 She's decided not to put actual poo on the table.
 Well, then she's lied to people. Is that ethical?
 White lies are fine, I think.
 Yeah, yeah, I see what you mean.
 But yeah, this is about how if we're afraid of things,
 then we perceive them as being closer. And loads of studies have been done that confirm this.
 If you'd were to try and throw a bean bag at a poo,
 then you would be likely to miss it on the far side.
 You'd throw it too far.
 Whereas if you were going to throw a bean bag at something nice like a bar of chocolate
 that didn't look like a poo, then you would miss on the shot side.
 And they've done experiments where people haven't done that.
 I'm just extrapolating slightly, but they've done experiments
 where they would give you a $25 gift card
 and ask you to throw a bean bag at it.
 And they found that people were always short of that because it's desirable
 and they think that it's close closer.
 If anything, that's a teleformat just waiting to happen.
 You're right. Throw the bean bag at the poo.
 No, no. Well, yeah, we could do it that way.
 Or we could do it just with like gift cards and stuff.
 Because the thing is, no one really wants to win the poo.
 So it's also what the prize is at the end of the throw the bean bag at the poo game.
 You don't have to, you can win the $25. It's hidden in the poo.
 It's basically, we have all these boxes from Deal or No Deal.
 They're probably just in a warehouse somewhere.
 So we can get them. And if we get the million pound box
 and then get people to try and throw bean bags into it,
 they're always going to be short.
 Yeah.
 So we never have to pay anything out and it's a great farmer.
 Although Andy raises a really good point.
 If you put poo around the voucher.
 And you know there's a voucher in there,
 but you can also see that it's covered in poo.
 Do you see it as closer or further away?
 I suppose that's where the jeopardy comes in in our format.
 What's the show called again?
 It's throw the bean bag at the million pounds covered in poo.
 I think it's an ITV2 show, isn't it?
 And spiders look bigger if you're scared of them.
 Yeah.
 Yes, that's right.
 And then direct proportion to how scared you are.
 Exactly.
 And they tested it by getting people who were very scared
 and then only slightly scared of spiders.
 And they showed them a sliding scale.
 So literally a slide and go,
 you could drag it a little, a clicker along.
 And there was a picture of a fly at one end
 and a lamb at the other.
 And you had to rate the spider.
 But surely.
 People who are really scared of spiders.
 I don't care how scared you are of a spider.
 You don't think it's the same size as a sheep.
 I think it was very slightly further along.
 Right.
 Okay.
 I believe so.
 In other science poo news.
 Okay.
 Very exciting study has been published.
 James and I were talking about this the other day.
 Scientists have finally worked out how long it takes animals to poo.
 Oh, yeah.
 Finally.
 Finally, finally.
 Well, we've cracked so many secrets.
 But this last one has eluded us for so long.
 Well, 2016 was the year that we cracked how long it takes them to urinate.
 Right.
 And 2017 is a fantastic sequel.
 What?
 What next year?
 A horrible thing when we discover next year.
 But they studied a bunch of animals, right?
 So this applies to both, let's say, something as big as an elephant.
 All the way down to something as small as a mouse.
 They both spend 12 seconds.
 Amazing.
 So from the size of a spider to the size of a spider.
 Yes.
 So this is the researcher Patricia Yang.
 I guess this should technically apply to humans as well.
 Yeah.
 Because she's saying if it takes longer than 12 seconds,
 I'd say you should go see someone about it.
 But then she says you have to factor in the fact that you might be reading a book
 or a newspaper or playing an iPhone game on.
 Doing on the table for an experiment.
 They published their scientific paper in a journal called Soft Matter.
 No.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So yeah, it's quite an exciting discovery.
 And is it the same as the year in discovery as in all animals?
 It's the same for regardless of size.
 So is that the discovery?
 All mammals, yeah.
 And obviously there's quite a big difference.
 But I think David who did the year in one is part of this group as well.
 Yeah.
 And the idea being that with humans if you have a problem with a urinary or defecation or something,
 then you can kind of just talk to the doctor and tell him.
 But with an animal, it's sometimes hard to tell if there's a problem.
 But if you're animal, if you've got a horse and it's taking 40 seconds to we or two seconds to we,
 then that's so far out of the range that you know there's something wrong.
 I mean, so it's just a way of telling illness or...
 So it's useful science, yeah.
 It's useful science, yeah.
 And 12 seconds, just an interesting relevant amount of time for this particular podcast.
 Anyone know why 12 seconds?
 Are we only been recording for 12 seconds?
 12 seconds is the same length of time that the right brother's first flight was.
 Wow!
 I flew for 12 seconds.
 One of them stopped pooing at the top of the...land is it, land is it?
 Okay, that's it.
 That's all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter account.
 So I'm on @Sriberland, James.
 @egshaped.
 Andy.
 And Anna.
 You can use my podcast at qi.com.
 Yep, or you can go to our group Twitter account, which is @qipodcast, or you can go to our website,
 which is no such thing as a fish.com.
 There's plenty of stuff up there, all of our previous episodes.
 There's tickets to our tour.
 There's the pre-order to our book coming out in November.
 We'll see you again next week.
 Thanks for listening.
 Goodbye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [ Music ]
