 Hello, and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish Presents, the World Cup of Facts brought to you by VisitingLin.com.
 This is a football podcast in which we make absolutely no mention of football whatsoever.
 We are the QILBs, my name is Dan, I'm sitting here with Jack, Anna, and James.
 And once again, we're pitting two countries against each other to find out who the most quite interesting is.
 And today, those countries are Cameroon versus Chili.
 We're going to start with Cameroon, so let's go. We've got some confirmed Cameroon.
 Yeah, I read something really interesting.
 During the Great Depression, in 1931, the people of Cameroon clubbed together to collect money to
 send to the starving Americans, and they managed to send over a total of $3.77.
 A lot of fact, that's amazing. You could buy a bagel for that.
 It would have been worth more though, wouldn't it?
 $3. Yeah, probably two bagels.
 Two bagels. Yeah, I'm also sort of brought them out of extreme depression,
 but yeah, probably would have made them more depressed, the idea that Cameroon was sending them,
 but yeah, like, wow, that's how bad it's got.
 Yeah, how times have changed?
 Because, so I'm kind of interested by the president of Cameroon, Paul Beer,
 who's been president in 1982.
 Paul Beer. Paul Beer. Oh, yeah.
 Sounds like Paul Beer. It's not spelled like that.
 It's B-I-Y-A, but he leads an extraordinarily lavish lifestyle, him and his wife,
 in 2009, he took a holiday in France, and he spent £25,000 a day on hotels.
 And that's coming from a country where the average annual income is about £600 a year.
 He's an interesting guy. In 2004, he got so annoyed by the criticisms of
 the international vote monitoring groups.
 They were constantly saying that he just makes these elections up.
 He just doesn't for show to prove that he's a legitimate president,
 that he set up his own committee with six ex-US congressmen, paid them all,
 who certified his election as free and fair.
 You have to, if you hear the national anthem in Cameroon, you have to stand still.
 Wherever you are, if anyone's ever there, you can be put in prison for not doing it.
 It's like a nationwide game of musical statues.
 Wow. It's exactly like that. That's great.
 But if you have to stand still and you don't, presumably you've got enough of a getaway time
 from the police who do have to stand still.
 Or it could be the last person to stand still gets kicked out of the country.
 Oh my god, yeah.
 It's a new UKIP policy, isn't it?
 We're going to play the national anthem.
 And the last Romanian to stand still gets kicked out.
 In Cameroon, you can pay for taxi rides with beer bottle caps.
 What?
 There's a competition in the country with the beer companies.
 And if you get the caps with a certain symbol on, then you get a free beer.
 And everyone knows how much beer is worth.
 So people are using these caps as payments.
 So would then, if you were paying a cap driver in it,
 would the cab driver go off and get a beer or would then he use it as money?
 Yes, he could do or he could get himself a beer.
 So it's a whole new currency.
 It's a whole new currency.
 Even bribes have been paid in this beer bottle cap currency.
 Wow.
 Can you forge a beer bottle cap?
 I shouldn't think so.
 Otherwise, the competition would be a bit pointless.
 Yeah.
 Well, just speaking of beers, the bars in Cameroon,
 where you would buy such beers, they've got fantastic names.
 There's one called Begon Gloom, another called polygamy,
 and one called Word of God.
 I'm suspicious about the purpose of the polygamy bar.
 I feel like it's got it behind the scenes.
 Other means of getting money.
 Yeah, they do have some good names.
 There are 21,400 people in Cameroon who speak a language called BUM.
 There are 3,000 Cameroonians
 because of the language "gimme".
 But it's an extraordinarily diverse place.
 Anyway, isn't it? There are 275 ethno-linguistic groups.
 So it's incredibly varied.
 They're biggest mountain or not.
 They're biggest mountain, but just a really nice named mountain.
 If we're going on names, Mount Facker.
 How are we spelling that?
 Mount F-A-K-A.
 Yeah, Mount Cameroon must be the highest mountain issue.
 Yeah, it's known by locals as a mountain of greatness.
 I guess as we're on geographical features,
 it's got the most dangerous lake in the world, hasn't it?
 Lake Nios, which in 1986 killed 1700 people
 and 3,500 livestock.
 It's one of only three lakes in the world
 that's saturated with carbon dioxide and there's volcanic activity
 and earthquakes around it, and they're not entirely sure what happened.
 But the whole lake exploded with carbon dioxide suddenly.
 It got super saturated, and it spilled carbon dioxide
 all over the surrounding village.
 It's completely wiped out the population of one village.
 Oh my god, that's terrible.
 Asphyxiated, scary stuff.
 Yeah.
 It's rude in Cameroon to beckon with your palm turned upwards apparently.
 So you know how we, if we tell someone to come,
 come hither to say I'm going to you right now, Dan.
 You have to turn your palm downwards.
 It's a scene to have your hand turned upwards.
 I don't know anyone who does the upward.
 Who summons people without saying, hey, can you just come here?
 Stephen Fry is the kind of person who would do that.
 Doesn't the rock do it in light?
 He does. The rock is a wrestler from the WWF,
 and he wants to do that, Dwayne Johnson,
 but he does that when he wants to kick your ass.
 Yeah, you're right. The rock doesn't go, come hither.
 One thing that Cameroon, this is very exciting, I think,
 the first ever disco record was released by a Cameroon-born sax player.
 Wow, really?
 Mano de Banjo.
 And doesn't play the Banjo.
 Does not play the Banjo, but because that's not a featured disco musical instrument,
 certainly not as far as I know, but so they're a kind of responsible for disco.
 Cameroon.
 Well, there's always B-A-N-J-O.
 Do you know what they gave the Pope as a gift when he visited them in 2009?
 No, what?
 A turtle.
 No, really, it was nice.
 Yeah, because it's the symbol of wisdom amongst the back of pigmies of Cameroon.
 I do find the pygmy tribes fascinating in Cameroon.
 And so I think there's some objections to the term pygmy, because that actually
 encompasses a lot of tribes, but let's say the back of tribes which do inhabit the forest of Cameroon,
 because they, the legends of the back of tribes people,
 completely mirror Christian, ancient Egyptian, Jewish legends,
 but without them having had any contact so far as we know in the last 4,000 years,
 with any of those major religions.
 So for instance, they've got a story where God made man.
 So in back of legend and God made man.
 And he said that they'd have eternal life and live in this blissful haven on earth.
 The tarhu tree, he said, is absolutely forbidden to man.
 You must never for any reason violate this law and eat the fruit of the tarhu tree.
 And then the woman violates this law, convinces her husband to eat it.
 She eats it, and God says, I'll punish you by making you come to grips with mortality
 and living on earth and suffering and working.
 Which is, that sounds very familiar.
 So it's not a coincidence.
 They came into contact with ancient Egyptians, thousands and thousands of years ago,
 and these legends would pass up and then put wisdom to Christianity.
 That's amazing.
 Yeah.
 That's my favorite fact.
 Okay, let's call half time on that.
 That was a fantastic half.
 Okay, it's time for our visitingland.com half time quiz.
 The QILs have put together three great facts about England,
 and we're going to reveal the answer at the end of the match.
 And the three questions this match are, Jack.
 In which town did the Battle of Hastings take place?
 Anna?
 What animal-related museum can you find in the grounds of Leeds Castle?
 And question number three, James.
 Which town has passed between England and Scotland 13 times?
 Find out the answers to all of these at the end of the match.
 And now it's back to the game.
 Chile, let's do it.
 Anyone got a chili foot?
 Yeah, I like that they have an extremely large telescope in Chile,
 and that it is built, it's is 2,600 meters up in the Andes.
 It's not finished yet.
 It's going to be finished in 2021.
 And it's going to be the most powerful optical instrument in the world.
 But my favorite thing is its name, which is the ELT.
 Does anyone know what the ELT stands for?
 Egglet is tomato.
 I don't know.
 Maybe named after a local Chilean astronomer?
 You would think.
 Yeah, no, no, it's not.
 The ELT stands for extremely large telescope.
 It's what it is.
 That's what it says on the tin.
 Wow, they have the largest swimming pool in the world in Chile.
 Have you seen that?
 I've seen a picture of it.
 Yeah, it's pretty awesome.
 It's over a kilometer in length.
 It's right next to the sea and they bring in the water from the sea.
 And you can navigate it by boat.
 Yeah, like it's big enough that you can actually put a boat in it
 and actually take it round the pool.
 Why you do that?
 I don't know.
 I mean, I put boats and pools.
 What are you talking about?
 Public pool?
 Dig cop pool?
 He's put a little rubber dingy in there.
 Yeah, dingy.
 Not impressive.
 Not a yacht.
 We're not talking Titanic.
 We're not talking Titanic, but we're talking a big ship.
 A giant ship.
 An extremely large ship.
 An E L S.
 So I reckon they've used up all their imagination on their slang.
 Because Chileans have really good slang
 and it's all like very metaphorical and it's full of imagery.
 So things like they call popcorn cabridas,
 which means goats.
 Because of the way it jumps around like goats.
 They have a saying, tirad on chancho,
 which literally means to throw a pig
 that it actually means to burp.
 And they have another saying,
 araglass los bigotas,
 which means arranging their moustaches.
 And that actually means making a secret deal
 or lining their pockets.
 Ah, like a villain sort of twirling his moustache.
 Yeah, exactly.
 There is a bird that's only found in Chile
 called the moustache-yod turca.
 Is there?
 Yep, couple more seaside sink low days.
 And the one Fernandez tits tyrant.
 Wow.
 As seen on QI, I think.
 In 2010, the general manager of the Royal Mint
 was fired after misspelling Chile on over a thousand coins.
 The 50-page Swiss coin had Chile's belt
 with a double eye instead of a IL.
 They were printed in 2008,
 but no one noticed until 2009.
 Wow.
 And then they're quite valuable now these coins.
 In 2007, 6,000 Chileans were duped by Madame Gilbert Van Erp's
 Magic Cheese Kits.
 Let's just end on that, no explanation.
 No explanation.
 If you'd like any explanation to that,
 send me a macek for 20 pounds.
 Go on, tell us about that.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, tell us about it.
 Cheese Kits, please.
 There's one guy that spent a million pesos.
 He's a Chilean newspaper vendor.
 And he's spent it on having 82 Julia Roberts tattoos
 all over his body.
 Each one is from a different scene of the movie.
 If you have on Google now,
 and listen to the podcast.
 One movie or all of the movies?
 Various movies.
 Various scenes from our films.
 If you look him up, his name is Miljenko Bukovic
 and they're all over his torso and arm and legs
 and his dream is one day to meet her.
 Yeah, I'm sure she's excited about that as well.
 I'm sure when they say we've got a fan outside,
 he has 80-something tattoos of you.
 She's going to go bring him in.
 That's very exciting.
 He's not going to stab me.
 I've got a Chilean badass for you.
 Oh, great.
 Yeah, he was a native Chilean.
 He fought the Spaniards.
 His name was Galvarino and the Spanish caught him
 and cut off his hands.
 But it didn't put him off.
 He went back and attached swords to the stubs of his hands
 and then went back and attacked the Spanish.
 That's amazing.
 That's amazing.
 What was his name?
 Galvarino.
 Galvarino, so he had sword hands.
 Yeah, like Edward's is a hands bit.
 Yeah, but not.
 Okay, we're going to have to wrap up.
 Anyone got any last?
 Yeah, I think it has the coolest plant in the world, Chile.
 Which has only recently been discovered.
 It's capacity to do this.
 But it's a woody vine called the Boquia trifolialata.
 And it's the only plant that's known to mimic the leaves
 of surrounding trees completely and everything
 in terms of size, shape, color, orientation.
 It can even...
 So what it does is it seeks out trees around it
 and it climbs up them and it pretends to be them
 by looking exactly like them.
 Otherwise, insects would eat it.
 So it's like easy prey for insects.
 Unless it pretends to be a tree that's not very edible,
 which it does.
 But one of these vines can mimic multiple trees at once.
 To the extent that if there's a tree
 that like grows little spines on its tips and stuff,
 it will grow a spine on the tip of its leaf.
 Oh my god.
 It's like an octopus.
 It's like an X-mom.
 I haven't seen it, but probably...
 Okay, that's full time.
 That's the end of the match.
 Before we give the scores out,
 I'm just going to give you the results of the quiz
 from the halftime shows sponsored by visit england.com.
 And they are, if you give the question and the answer,
 start with Jack.
 So the question was, "In which town did the battle of Hastings take place?"
 And the answer is battle, not Hastings.
 So really, it was the Hastings of Battle.
 Anna, what was your question?
 My question was, "Which animal related museum would you find in the grounds of Leeds Castle?"
 And the answer is the dog collar museum.
 Oh, that makes sense because you would attach a lead to a dog collar, right?
 That's what I was just saying.
 All right, James, what was yours?
 The town which has changed hands between England and Scotland
 13 times is Berwick Pond Tweed.
 Okay, that's the answers to the quiz.
 If you would like to win a prize, though,
 you can actually head over to visit england.com
 where there's going to be all sorts of QI goodies waiting there.
 But who won today's match?
 Due to the fact that I just get to decide,
 I am going to say it was Cameroon because I love that
 the original Genesis story of Adam and Eve
 is traced earliest back to Cameroon.
 I think that's amazing.
 So that's Cameroon moving forward to the next match.
 And we are going to be back again tomorrow
 with another World Cup of Facts match.
 And this time it's going to be James.
 Columbia versus the Côte d'Ivoire.
 Ooh, okay.
 Exciting.
 Exciting.
 Okay, if you want to again contact with any of us about the facts
 that we've been saying today,
 you want to find out any more.
 We're all on Twitter.
 I'm at @SriBlandJack.
 @JackEsperk.
 James @egshaped.
 And Anna, you can get me on the Côte d'Ivoire
 which is @Quickipedia.
 Anna still doesn't have a Twitter account.
 We'll be back again tomorrow with that match.
 And we'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
