 [Music]
 Hello everybody! Hi there! Welcome to your latest installment of Meet the Elf.
 Or Meet the Elves. That's what James called it but I call it Meet the Elf because there's one
 elf to meet and this week it is James Rawson. Hi James! Hi Anna, hi Andy, hi Dan, hey!
 We're here as well. We are here! Yes and I'm also joined by Andy and Dan as usual
 and I'm Anna. And James is probably the longest serving elf as I from us I reckon now.
 Alex Bell might not like you saying that but I'll go along with it. I'd never count him.
 Yeah. You are the creative head of development, is that correct?
 No, no, no. Again so many people won't like what you're saying.
 This is so exciting! I'm actually the managing director.
 What was it like when you founded and thought of the idea for QI all those years ago?
 Are you the Blackadder producer as well? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Why don't we, as part of the show, why don't we ask the elf to tell us
 some things about themselves rather than assuming all the incorrect information?
 And you have bright blonde hair, don't you? And actually you've got five testicles.
 My underpants feel like a glove.
 Yes, James, sorry, tell us what you do at QI.
 Okay, so I'm head of digital which is all social channels. I'm also a development producer which
 means trying to come up with new TV shows. Occasionally I'll edit a book, I'll do a radio,
 two-spot, you know, we all wear many hats and those are some of mine.
 And I knew that, James. I knew all of that as well. I don't know why we allowed Anna the Reigns here.
 I don't really know all the terminology and development producer to me is the same as head
 of, you produce the development, but I understand that that might ruffle some feathers, so let's
 move on. You have brought with you today a fact, is that correct?
 I brought a question, Anna. Do you feel like any moment you're going to wake up and this will
 all have been a horrible dream? It may seem like a dream because you are naked right now,
 but I assume that's the choice you made. I thought we all agreed that. I think I'm getting it right
 and you guys are getting it wrong, so I am just going to keep plowing on. You've brought a question
 to which the answer is going to be a fact. Correct. Okay, fine. I'll take it. So without further ado,
 I would say we should get on with you asking us this question,
 us grappling our way to the answer for it. Yeah, everyone agree? Oh yeah, agreed.
 Great. What's your question, James? Tornus nuclear power plant in Scotland was attacked in 2011
 and forced to temporarily shut down. Similar attacks have taken place on power plants in Israel,
 Japan, the United States, the Philippines, South Korea, India and Sweden. Going back as far as
 1937. What is the story behind these attacks? Oh, I was so hoping for a pop culture question this
 time. No, I've gone for counter programming. Rolson for people who've not yet met him is probably
 got more knowledge about the world of pop music, particularly, I would say late 90s, early 2000s
 girl bands. That seems to be in your pocket. So that's what I was really hoping for. Well, Dan,
 we haven't ruled that out yet. It might be that. It could be the Saturdays. Oh, yes. Yes.
 Oh, where all these power plants be witched? The first CD single I ever bought was by be witch.
 Really? Was it Sailor V or one of their more difficult follow up singles?
 It was Sailor V. Rather than the minimalist Zen funk, they started pumping out my school guitar
 teacher who taught me my first lessons wrote one of the B-sides for the for a bewitched album.
 Wow. Yeah, well, not the album, the B-side. Yeah. So that's huge. Thanks for bringing bewitched to
 the table here, James. No, absolutely. They're back, right? They're back. Are they?
 Yeah, no, they had an IP out. Sorry, you might hear my two hour barking in the background.
 She's also a guest on today's show. So yeah, be witched do have an EP out this year.
 That's what I can confirm. That is not my fact. Because your fact was about power plants being
 attacked. And you said nuclear plants, didn't you? The first one was a Scottish nuclear plant.
 Okay, so it has happened to a variety of power plants, including coal plants. But recently,
 it's been happening more with nuclear power plants, but could happen to any power plant.
 The first nuclear plant didn't open in the UK until I think about the mid 50s or 1960.
 But the very exciting thing was that was opened by the Queen.
 So the 1937 attack was on a coal plant in Australia, if that helps?
 I found out the other day, and I actually then found out that we'd run it on QI, but I was
 unaware of that. But you know, Colesden Newcastle, they're saying, you know, it's like bringing
 Colesden Newcastle. Yeah, that still can be said. You say, you know, the idea is obviously
 that Newcastle is such a huge coal producer, it'd be stupid to bring Coles there.
 What do you know that Newcastle is still the biggest coal producer in the world?
 Is that Cheryl Cole? Hey, nice. Not the audience for my Cheryl Cole gags, is it?
 What do you mean Newcastle the biggest coal producer? No, it's not.
 It is Andy. It is. What, what can I mean? Sorry. Newcastle, Newcastle, Australia?
 Yeah, I think that's so cool. Oh, nice. That is cool, yeah.
 Anyway, sorry, going back to this cryptic question. No, can I distract, can I distract
 with one more thing? You know, isn't Gateshead just next to Newcastle?
 In the UK it is, yeah. In the UK it is, yeah. And that is one of my favourite facts, is that
 there's a slang term called getting off at Gateshead, which is the rude one.
 I know that. I know the Liverpool version, which is getting off at more fields, I think,
 before Lime Street. It's to disembark from your mode of transport before it reaches
 the terminal point, and it means having coitus, interruptus, sex.
 I think we would have got it without you even having to explain what it meant after you said
 the metaphorical thing. Cool. That's good. So are we doing facts now that have to make
 their word geographically around the UK from Newcastle to Pasta?
 Well, I've got another, Liz Truss's nickname is Dagonant because she's three stops beyond
 barking, which is... Nice.
 Sorry, I found that out yesterday. That's very good.
 Right, power plants. Power plants.
 Is it, can I just say, I think it's very brave of you to do a fact which has the threat of
 nuclear disaster lingering in the background in a week where Iran, a nuclear power, has
 just decided to evolve itself in a war zone. Well done, brave.
 Thank you for keeping it light, Anna.
 I think it's important sometimes to... I think if you're listening to this in the aftertimes
 and you send in the correct answer now, you get an extra ration of millet.
 Fine, let's get back to some pop groups, shall we?
 Is it birds?
 It's not birds. Oh, that's birds.
 Okay, because they sometimes attack power lines, don't they, and bring things down.
 It's a good guess.
 Sorry, are we talking, sorry, was it power lines, not power stations?
 It's power plants specifically. It's the stations.
 So what can bring down a station?
 And they're all over the world as well.
 So it feels like it's a natural phenomenon rather than...
 Humans are all over the world too famously.
 How did, well, how did the power plant get there without said humans?
 Is it they've all suffered a malfunction and by incredible coincidence,
 the human behind it has always been named Homer?
 No, it's good.
 No, good guess, but no.
 It is good.
 So of all the guesses so far, Anna's is probably the closest with birds, although not birds.
 Bees.
 Not bees either.
 It's something natural though, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 It's quite good, the idea of a sinister organization devoted to, you know,
 cancelling people's electricity, which has been operating since the 1930s.
 Like that's a cool premise for a Bond film or something, but the baddies are...
 Or a dystopian novel.
 It's got to be something simpler.
 Like, you know those, I don't know what those flowers are called,
 but you pick up that have all the white bits sticking out that you blow and they fly away.
 Dandelions.
 Dandelions.
 They're very obscure.
 Dan, that is a, that's a root one flower.
 I know them.
 I just couldn't remember the name.
 It's got my name in it as well.
 That should be a very close one to me.
 Is it dandelion carried in the breeze that is sort of clogging some sort of a bit of the system?
 So the word that you've got there is clogging.
 Yeah.
 Stick with clogging.
 Something natural that clogs.
 Some mud or dust, silt.
 Is it related to water?
 It is related to water.
 Is it something to do with like a big shoal of some kind of fish
 that sometimes gets in the way of, because of the power?
 Power stations all have water inlets.
 They're basically big kettles.
 No matter what the power they're using, whether it's nuclear or coal or whatever,
 they basically heat water into steam, turns into a termite.
 So they need to be near rivers.
 Obviously.
 Yeah, okay.
 I do have a cool power fact for you just to digress.
 And it was on the show I wanted to mention at 80s ago,
 because I read that book Power Up about renewable energy and all of that.
 And it was about, you know, liquid natural gas.
 So if you cool it down to minus 200 degrees,
 it turns into a liquid and you can then put it under high pressure
 into ships and transport it around the world, right?
 Okay, I didn't know that, but yes.
 Okay, so like when Russia invaded Ukraine and all the gas was turned off coming from there,
 we had to turn to American gas, which has to be put on liquid natural gas ships.
 They've got these huge domes on to transport the gas at minus,
 you know, incredibly low temperatures.
 So it stays liquid, right?
 That's amazing.
 You turn the gas into a liquid to transport it and then...
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 It's very, very cool.
 Well, I think it might still be liquid at the point of burning, actually.
 Anyway, but the first ship ever built to transport that stuff
 was, I think, in the late 40s, and it was called the Methane Princess.
 Ooh, lovely.
 What a great name for a ship.
 That actually used to be Queen Elizabeth's nickname.
 Yeah, that's brilliant.
 So is that it, Rawson?
 Is water somehow getting gummed up?
 Well, Anna said some type of fish.
 And actually, interestingly, you could debate whether or not this is a type of fish.
 Jelly?
 With the cabbage?
 Jellyfish, indeed.
 Oh, wow.
 Because they're so gummy.
 Yeah, so they're so gummy.
 So there's quite a few factors at play here.
 Obviously, as discussed, power plants have to be by large bodies of water,
 which all gets filtered through to cool down the power plants to get very hot.
 But they all have systems in place to filter out aquatic life,
 but the sheer volume of a jellyfish bloom just completely overwhelms the system,
 and they can have to shut down for sort of a day, two days, which costs millions of pounds.
 But it's getting worse, and they're happening more frequently,
 because as the waters heat up, jellyfish love that.
 And as the waters get more acidic, jellyfish like that, too.
 So we're getting bigger and bigger and bigger jellyfish blooms,
 which are creating more and more problems for nuclear power plants.
 So it's happening more and more often.
 Amazing.
 Oh, wow.
 Very interesting.
 Is that ironic that nuclear power plants are possible weapon in the fight against climate change?
 Yeah.
 Are being stymied?
 Well, the jellyfish like climate change,
 so they've obviously got a vested interest in sabotaging renewable power sources.
 Of course.
 Wow, so when we do completely destroy the planet,
 because the oceans are pure acid and boiling hot,
 the jellyfish are going to be over the world because they love it.
 Yeah, they've been playing the long game.
 That's very cool.
 Do we know how we remedy the situation?
 Does someone have to go down and clear the jellyfish out?
 So there was one in India where they counted four million jellyfish
 that they had to remove from the systems.
 They're looking into drones to sort of monitor jellyfish blooms,
 so they can get a bit of a head's up.
 And also acoustic systems whereby they can listen out,
 not sure what noise the jellyfish makes,
 listen out for large groups of jellyfish.
 But obviously it's a real problem if you should down a power plant for 24 hours.
 That's...
 Yeah.
 The Suffolk nuclear plants, what are they called?
 Sizewell, they, I think, have fish detectors,
 or they, because they're building a new one at the moment,
 I think it's going to include a kind of fish water slide system
 where if any fish goes in, it gets filtered out,
 and then goes on a magical journey and then goes pop back out into the sea.
 And none of its friends will ever believe it.
 I think that's the idea behind what's happening there.
 That's very...
 So we'll just see fish queuing, flocking and queuing up
 to take the sizewell right.
 Sorry, you have to be six inches long to go.
 I don't know how a jellyfish bloom happens.
 Is that jellyfish reproducing, or is that them all coming together?
 I don't know, it's like a convention, isn't it?
 Is it like a comic book thing?
 Yeah, I think so.
 Okay.
 That was such nerds.
 Cool.
 That's very good.
 Well, you have actually brought with you, James,
 some secret follow-up facts, right?
 Well, always come prepared.
 So I've got a couple of backups.
 These are more pop culture geared.
 Yes, here we go.
 We'll be glad to know.
 Now, here's the thing.
 We should just say as well as all the hats that Rawson wears
 as part of his QI world.
 When we say he's in development,
 he not only is in development,
 but he has done almost what's virtually an impossible thing
 in the world of TV.
 He's taken an idea and taken it from the page
 all the way to the TV.
 Because he created the tournament TV show,
 which ran for a few series with Alex Scott,
 who was the former English footballer.
 She was the host.
 It's in your bones, isn't it?
 Even before QI,
 you were a dude who was on TV shows as a quiz-er.
 This is your big love, isn't it?
 Yes, so I've done Countdown.
 That was the main show that I did.
 I just like formats and pulling them apart
 and destroying them and putting them back together,
 which is entirely what I plan to do on your format today.
 And yeah, we had the tournament.
 We had two series of that on BBC One.
 I don't think it's available to stream on iPlayer,
 but you know, never mind.
 Find it, find it out there somewhere.
 It really was quite a single-handed, wasn't it?
 You had this idea, and then it actually happened.
 Yeah, I mean, Dan was in the chat as well,
 Anna, Simon or exec.
 Sure, so they held it back for a while,
 but eventually you managed to fight them down.
 Yeah, I mean, it actually came from playing Fortnite during lockdown,
 which is a battle royale game
 where a bunch of people get dropped on a computer game island
 and get given various weapons,
 and the last one surviving wins.
 And I just thought,
 we haven't really had a battle royale quiz for quite a while.
 So that was the kernel of it.
 I do not know that as a genesis.
 Yeah, that was the backstory.
 I've played loads and loads of Fortnite,
 and I've never thought of a TV format, basically.
 Never thought of a BBC one format, no.
 I mean, it's quite a long way removed from Fortnite,
 in that there's hardly any machine guns on the show.
 But that was, you know,
 get a big gang of people and one of them's less standing.
 That was the idea.
 All right, well, let's get a pop-cultury question.
 Okay, this one should be in your wheelhouse,
 which no such thing as a fish guest
 was employed as Keanu Reeves' stand-in
 for the 1992 film, Bram Stoker's Dracula.
 That is brilliant.
 Who could that be?
 Goodness, I didn't know this film existed.
 I didn't know it started Keanu Reeves.
 I didn't know anything about it.
 It's a bonkers film.
 I think you'd enjoy it.
 It's pretty crackish.
 It's amazing.
 A bonus thing about the film is that
 in the wedding scene between Keanu and Winona Ryder,
 there's an idea that they're actually married,
 because of all of the terminology that was said,
 and the ceremony was proper,
 they reckon they might have arguably been legally married
 after the filming of that scene.
 They both seem to, in interviews,
 think that that's probably the case,
 that they are legally married without.
 Wed.
 Yeah.
 So, because I'm a big fan of the movie,
 I happen to do know the answer to this.
 Sally Phillips.
 Sally Phillips was the...
 Oh, I thought you were going to let us grapple our way to it.
 Michael Palin was going to be my first guest.
 I can't believe you've bought it as the correct answer.
 So quickly, it's obviously not Sally Phillips.
 Ross, that's a very good point, though,
 because Anna said Michael Palin.
 Michael Palin appeared on the 24-hour comic relief thing that we did.
 Are you sticking purely to the canon of...
 I'm talking canon, accredited as a guest.
 Okay, okay.
 Then we can't go into the sort of thing
 where we talk about there being a fish canon.
 It's too...
 I'm narrowing it down.
 Okay, I've got...
 Luckily, I've got our little tour booklet in front of us,
 and I've got all the names here.
 You're just going to read them through very quickly.
 Yeah, you're only allowed three guesses,
 and I really just want to retract the fact
 that I ever believed that Sally Phillips
 was going to be a stand-in for Keanu Reeves.
 She's got the range.
 I've got her in the heat of the moment,
 but I do think she's a great actress.
 When you say stand-in,
 it might mean anything that...
 You know, stand-in might be,
 "Oh, we just need you to block this shot while we're filming it."
 That's pretty much what it was, kind of like lighting.
 There's an age thing here,
 because obviously, you know,
 Sarah Pascoe would have been five years old,
 so it's probably not her.
 So anyone who was knocking around in 1992...
 I'm going to lock in my three without you
 saying whether or not it's right, okay?
 I've read you Sally Phillips.
 So then I'm going to say Johnny Knoxville,
 and then I'm going to say Tim Peake, the astronaut.
 What are the older guests that we had?
 We're quite a youth centre.
 I think you've got a slightly American, don't you?
 So we've had...
 Go on, Andy.
 Someone who travels, right?
 Someone who is in the only lost episode
 of No Such Things as a Fish,
 Victorian explorer, Colonel John Blashford Snell,
 who discovered a new kind of elephant.
 I bet he was in LA hunting for some kind of rare orchid
 at the time, and he just stumbled onto the set.
 That's my bet.
 That's a good bet.
 Could it be...
 Okay, we're looking at people who were...
 If they're stunt-doubling, you've got to be sort of the height
 of the person as well, right?
 He's 4'9".
 He's 4'9", Sandy Toxic.
 Well, I was going to say Stephen,
 because Stephen obviously has a career in America.
 However, the height difference would be quite insane.
 I think you've smashed your quota here, Dan.
 I think you might have to rein us in and narrow it down a bit.
 It was actually the first legit guest which was made,
 which was Johnny Knoxville.
 Three Jackass Johnny Knoxville.
 Nice.
 I assumed it had to be because of the nature
 of what he does as a job.
 It makes sense, I feel.
 But I would recommend the film.
 It is truly crackers.
 What's amazing is for Andy particularly,
 Andy has mowed through the majority of Tom Cruise movies.
 Sure, mostly just Mission Impossible,
 but he's in the movie, Andy, as a leader.
 Oh, I've seen the poster for this.
 I'd watch it.
 I'm not so strong on 80s and early 90s Tom Cruise,
 but I hope it's been gone.
 Are you thinking of interview with the vampire, Dan?
 Oh, wait, what did you say?
 No, Bram Stoker's Dracula.
 Oh, Bram Stoker.
 Oh, I was thinking of the wrong movie altogether.
 Bram Stoker's Dracula is a very different film.
 It's fantastic.
 I love it.
 I wish we could have asked Johnny about it
 when he'd come on.
 Can we get James' third fact, then?
 Okay, so this is my most ridiculous fact.
 Okay, very ridiculous.
 But I think that Anna and Andy will really enjoy it.
 Dan, we'll find out.
 Okay, up until 2018, who was the literary agent
 of Fight Club author Chuck Palanoik?
 Okay, okay.
 So we've basically got to do 20 questions here.
 This person has never been on no such thing as a fish,
 but I think they'd probably make a sensational guest.
 I have an early guess.
 Okay, if you're right, this is going to be incredible.
 How's his sign name pronounced?
 So Chuck Palanoik, who wrote Fight Club,
 I don't know if that's how it's pronounced.
 That's how it's spelled.
 I reckon he was his own literary agent under a pseudonym.
 Because Fight Club is all about these mistaken identities
 and people assume personas.
 Because that would be great.
 I'll just go and get him.
 He says he won't get out of bed for less than a hundred grand.
 That kind of stuff.
 But he'd do a different voice for the second one.
 Here's the thing, though.
 It's okay.
 So it is someone who is of interest in theory, not to me.
 Well, you're an unknown quantity.
 I'm an unknown quantity, okay.
 So Hodgman, as you say, it's not a guess,
 but Hodgman did the pivot from being literary agent,
 going over to being a writer himself.
 So it's quite possible that that's the same thing here.
 We've got a big name in the world of writing
 who's pivoted away from that world.
 So is it an author?
 We can toss in a bit of 20 questions here, right?
 Is it someone who's an author now?
 It's not someone who's an author,
 but it is someone who has two, I would say, unexpected jobs.
 So they're a literary agent on one hand,
 and then they do something, I think, entirely different.
 Okay.
 That's interesting.
 Because I've read a thing recently about the basis
 from the Dandy Warhols.
 She's now an estate agent in Portland, Oregon.
 It's that kind of vibe.
 I thought she's more proud of.
 What's so different to a literary agent, a tree surgeon?
 No, but it's something that you can be famous for.
 Yeah, no, no.
 It is a celeb for a given value of celeb.
 Is it an American or a British person?
 British person.
 Okay.
 Working in America.
 Working in America.
 Okay.
 James Corden.
 No.
 Elon Musk?
 South African.
 But no.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 Is it a TV presenter?
 What's called a thing?
 It's a TV something that I enjoy, Anna enjoys, and Andy enjoys.
 And there's probably not that many TV shows
 that we all enjoy as a trio.
 Oh, is it Victoria Coron Mitchell of Only Connect?
 It's not.
 Literary agent.
 I would say it's more ridiculous.
 Is it a drama that this person's connected to
 or a panel-ish kind of reality show?
 It's scripted.
 It's comedy.
 Scripted.
 And American or British?
 American comedy.
 Frasier.
 Frasier is correct.
 Someone British in Frasier.
 Not Jane Thing, because she was American doing an accent.
 No, no, she was.
 She was British, but it's not Jane Leeds.
 Yeah, she was from Manchester.
 Okay.
 I'm out.
 And your answer is, yeah, I don't watch Frasier.
 Oh, the agent.
 The woman who plays as agent, Bebe.
 It's not Bebe Glazer.
 Damn it.
 But it's that kind of tier.
 Gil Chesterton.
 It's Gil Chesterton.
 That's incredible.
 He negotiated the film rights to Fight Club.
 Get out.
 Who's Gil Chesterton?
 He's the food critic.
 He does the sort of snobby restaurant review show
 after Frasier when his show ends.
 Gil's always coming in with his bow tie and his prissy manners.
 If Niles is the character that makes Frasier seem grounded and normal,
 Gil would be the character that makes Niles seem.
 He's sort of like that pompousness to the nth degree.
 That is incredible.
 And he occasionally pops up in other stuff that actor.
 And it's always a pleasure to see him.
 He turned up in search party and I just loved seeing him.
 So he was a real literary agent.
 And hold on.
 Gil Chesterton, what's his name on the show?
 His name?
 Yeah, what's his name?
 Edward Hibbet is the name of the actor.
 Edward Hibbet.
 Actor and literary agent.
 Amazing.
 Amazing.
 Imagine him turning up and being in your corner.
 We're in negotiation.
 You just roll over.
 That's so good.
 I wonder.
 Rawson, what a fact.
 You've saved the best to last ambassador.
 Quite specific.
 Yeah, true.
 Very specific.
 Another reason it wasn't my main factor is there was some sort of
 embezzlement scandal with the company that he worked for,
 which is why I think Chuck is no longer represented by them.
 But you know, I'm sure it will come out in the wash.
 Fantastic.
 One bonus fact, because it has to do with not necessarily-
 It's just to do with a minor phrasier character.
 Otherwise, I am not interested in that.
 Well, it's to do with the undead, as we were talking about vampires.
 But the person I mentioned earlier, John Hodgman,
 the former literary agent,
 he was the agent to Bruce Campbell, who of evil dead fame,
 the amazing series, his book, "Leading with My Chin"
 is a cult classic in that world.
 And that was Hodgman connected to that.
 I have to say, you just said so many things that I've never heard of in a row.
 Cool.
 You know the entire chat you just had about this girl guy?
 Ditto, mate.
 Right.
 No, it doesn't feel good, does it?
 Also left out.
 Well, that was excellent, James.
 So excited to know those three very, very disparate new facts.
 All right.
 Thank you so much to James Rawson.
 You can get back to being founder of QI and head of all departments.
 And we all get back to our day jobs.
 And we'll see you guys in another couple of weeks
 for some extra bonus material.
 And of course, if you want to get in touch with any of us,
 you can get in touch with James.
 How can they get in touch with you?
 I mean, Twitter's such a hell sight now.
 They don't have to.
 Look, if you don't want anyone to get in touch with you, just don't.
 Why don't they go...
 Why don't they, if they love awesome 90s music,
 go to one of James's nights?
 So they still happening at the moment, James?
 Yeah, come to push the button the last Friday of every month
 at the Royal Voxel Tavern in London.
 Come to the DJ booth.
 We don't take requests.
 We will take compliments.
 There you go.
 Push the button.
 That's where to find him.
 Dan, where do they find you?
 Shriverland.
 Cool.
 And Andy?
 You just didn't say like where there was no at.
 This like just goes to this mystical, real universe.
 It's ephemeral.
 It's a state of mind, Shriverland.
 Yeah, it's a frightening place to be.
 Andy, sorry, where are you?
 @andyhunterm.
 Great.
 And you can also, of course, email podcast at qi.com
 with any interesting emails that you want to appear on Drop Us Align,
 the other bonus content that we'll be putting out very shortly.
 Or you can get in touch with us on @NoSuchThing
 or @NoSuchThingIsAfish on Twitter and Instagram respectively.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 We'll see you again very soon.
 Goodbye.
 Bye.
 [Music]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
