 This is how it works.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast
 coming to you from the QI offices in Covent Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I'm sitting here with Andy Murray, James Harkin, and Anna Chazinski, and once again we have
 gathered around the microphone with our four favorite facts from the last seven days,
 and in a particular order, here we go, starting with Andy.
 My fact is that fish who work as cleaners can cheat their bosses and their bosses can
 punish them.
 So this is incredible.
 There are fish, as I'm sure you know, who clean other fish, as in they eat parasites
 from the skin.
 So you get cleaner fish and client fish is what they're technically known as.
 And there have been lots of studies of this, especially by this amazing sounding ecologist
 called Reduane Bacheri, I hope I'm pronouncing his name right, who has studied these guys
 so much.
 And basically, the trade is for food versus clean skin, but the cleaner fish they sometimes
 cheat because they actually like eating the thick mucus that covers the client fish as
 a protective layer, and they often have a cheeky bite of it instead of eating a parasite.
 And that makes the client fish jump, I guess, in pain.
 So that's them cheating it and then their bosses, the client fish punish them by chasing
 them around.
 And the cleaner fish which have been chased around, they behave better in future.
 They stop misbehaving as much when they've been chased about.
 What are they threatening to do when they chase them around?
 Because in the end, they want to be making contact with, it's like being chased around
 by someone you really fancy.
 It's like being chased by your boss, you know, because they're often bigger fish or
 they're often predatory.
 Being chased by your boss.
 Secretive QI experts.
 So yeah, if there are lots of client fish, then the cleaners have the upper hand because
 they're more in demand.
 And so they try and take more bites of mucus because they know that they've got a captive
 market.
 Right?
 Yeah.
 Because the client fish have to get clean somewhere.
 Yeah.
 Genius.
 So they propagate the problem in order that they can solve it, which is kind of exactly
 what a lot of human industry does, right?
 I guess so, yeah, how do they propagate the problem?
 Are they making it worse?
 They're tricking the...
 Not really.
 No, because they're not luring the number of client fish available.
 Okay.
 You know what I mean?
 But client fish...
 No, actually, they're sort of up because client fish remove their customer if they get
 bad service.
 And they kind of keep going back to the same species or the same fish that they really
 like and have good service from, don't they?
 Yeah.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 Okay, that's really cool.
 Huge service stations, so there are hundreds of them or something.
 Yeah, they have...
 They're all over the ocean, especially on reefs, that's whether you get them.
 There are these...
 Just a big welcome break of cleaners, yeah.
 Basically...
 A big shell.
 Yeah.
 (laughter)
 Cool.
 Yeah, a single cleaner fish inspects more than two hundred two thousand three hundred
 fish a day.
 Wow.
 And it eats about twelve hundred parasites.
 That's an impressive rate of work.
 And some client fish had themselves cleaned every five minutes.
 So vain.
 Celebrity client fish.
 Yeah.
 So this isn't quite a recent discovery, right?
 Yeah, yeah.
 This is a scuba diver who is...
 Yeah.
 Which is really cool because it just makes me wonder, what are the mysteries of fish, you
 know?
 There's so many things that we don't...
 Like, I was reading as well.
 There's a...
 I can't remember what the fish is called now, but it's a fish that basically sun bathes.
 It goes to the surface of the water and it just lays it for half the day.
 They've had no idea why it does that until recently they just put a camera on it and worked
 out that it was going really deep and it was...
 And it was finding all these other little things to eat and the coldness meant that it needed
 to get up there to get the heat back down, like just to regulate their body temperature.
 Yeah.
 But they didn't know that up until recently.
 So we've just had floating sunbathing fish up until a year or so ago.
 Well, so they're just warming themselves up so that they can conserve heat to go back down
 to the cold water.
 I think they're called sunfish.
 Yes, sunfish.
 It's a cool thing. They get cleaned themselves by albatrosses.
 No!
 No!
 That doesn't sound like cleaning.
 That sounds like the albatross is trying to eat them.
 No!
 It doesn't quite get to go.
 No, because they're huge.
 It's what the biggest ever found weighed 2.3 Tarras, they're massive.
 Oh, yeah, they're massive.
 And when they get infested with these parasites, which obviously they suck their blood and
 they're horrible, albatrosses land nearby as they sunbathe and pick the parasites off
 them.
 Wow.
 Isn't that incredible?
 Yeah, that's pretty cool.
 It's kind of for some reason, it reminds me of humpback whales, get parasites on them.
 Don't they?
 They get lice on them.
 And that's when you see a whale breaching and then like jumping out of the water and then
 splashing back down again, it's often trying to dislodge the parasites.
 Is that the equivalent of a dog dragging itself along the ground?
 But it's slightly more romantic than that, yeah.
 Because you don't get couples going on special holidays to watch dogs dragging themselves
 along the ground.
 I don't know if I've seen that.
 Do you have a sick dog?
 No, I've never seen it in real life, but I've seen it in cartoons and stuff.
 I've seen it in cartoons and stuff.
 Tom and Jerry's changed, isn't it?
 So this is another parasite, so Oxpeckas have a similar relationship to things like rhinos
 and buffaloes.
 What's Oxpeckas?
 It's a kind of bird.
 So an Oxpeck.
 Oxes.
 It sure does.
 Ah.
 It packs Oxen and Zebra's and rhinos.
 It's a fitting name.
 And so it sits on them and it eats ticks and parasites that live on them.
 But they also trick their hosts because they obviously, they've got a vested interest in
 getting more ticks and parasites to come and, you know, land on these animals.
 And so they exacerbate their wounds or if they've got a bit of blood, bloodied wound
 exposed, then the Oxpeckas will come and peck it, make it a bit worse.
 To make sure that more parasites come and then they can eat the parasites.
 Really?
 It's like a cleaner who makes your house more dirty.
 Just so more cleaners come.
 I think I'm going to need to hire another cleaner.
 Fuck you.
 You've just got hundreds of cleaners here.
 I'm a dirty, dirty, dirty house.
 Yeah.
 So there is, there are really cool photos on the mail of, there's a 13-year-old who went
 snorkeling in Indonesia and he persuaded a shrimp to clean his teeth.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 He saved persuades.
 Come on.
 Yeah.
 Come on.
 I'm not going to tell anyone.
 He's probably going to enjoy it.
 He snorkeled down to whether it, because he's, he found a cleaning station.
 One of these garages, basically, where they, they, and they, they, there it's not fish.
 It's shrimp.
 It just happens to be owned and operated by shrimp.
 And, um, he opened his mouth and it went into his mouth and it removed bits of food from
 between his teeth.
 Wow.
 Yeah, I've seen that.
 It's pretty gross.
 Unbelievable.
 Cool.
 I'll put up pictures of it on Twitter.
 If you've just been eating shrimp, though, that wouldn't be very nice.
 Oh my god.
 That's true.
 That's a good boy.
 Jeff?
 Okay.
 That's like having a car made of mechanics.
 Um, quite an expensive dental treatment, I think, flying to Bali every time you clean your
 teeth.
 A toothpick.
 We'll do the job.
 Um, but they're, they're also, they're a mimic fish.
 So clean a fish have a bright blue stripe along them often or really, they're really brightly
 coming to, kind of, to advertise themselves and say, hey, look, I'm here on bright and
 I'm, I'm happy to clean your teeth.
 Um, or eat the parasites or whatever.
 But they're a mimic fish, which have evolved the same kind of stripe, hang around near
 cleaner fish and just go around taking chunks out of just eating the mucus only.
 Yeah, eating the mucus only.
 Exactly.
 And that, that damage is trade because it makes fish at the station more nervy.
 And these stations, they're like, um, um, what's a good, they're like neutral territory
 in the ocean.
 So you get even sharks turning up to have the parasites cleaned up and they don't eat fish
 that they would normally be hunting and killing and eating because it's kind of safe,
 it's a safe zone for all fish.
 Okay.
 So if you fall out of the boat in the middle of the ocean, what you need to do is find one
 of these areas and then no sharks will eat you because you're safe and then you're, you're
 in the neutral zone.
 Exactly.
 Yeah.
 And you get a good floss.
 Mine is out there.
 Um, my favourite mutualism, like mutualistic relationship underwater is actually shrimp based.
 It's, uh, the relationship between shrimps and goby fish who's in this, so shrimps and goby
 fish have this really sweet relationship where the goby fish gets the shrimp to build its,
 so the goby fish lives in, um, little dugouts in the sand at the bottom of the ocean.
 And it gets, employs the shrimp to build its little dugout.
 Um, and then it keeps the shrimp on as a permanent cleaner to clean its house.
 So they've lived together in this house and the goby shrimp is employing, the goby fish
 is employing the shrimp to clean his house and to build it.
 But what are you paying for?
 And in exchange, the, because the shrimp doesn't have very good eyesight, so can't really
 spot when predators are coming, so the goby fish sits at the top of the borough and looks
 out for predators and they're always in contact, so the goby fish always has a little fin touching
 the shrimp.
 And if there's a predator who, like, wave his fin at the shrimp, it'll be like, go back in
 the hole.
 Sounds like a great sitcom, doesn't it?
 Yeah.
 But also, the, the other shark or fish, whatever, must know that the goby is hiding, you're going
 to shrimp at home today?
 Oh, no.
 No, tired him.
 He was, he wasn't doing a good job, but...
 Was that what you hold it on to down there?
 I don't know.
 So, me or Finn, the other one.
 Yeah.
 So, some of these cleaner fish, if they eat too much, if you're a female cleaner fish, if
 you eat too much, you turn into a male, so you get bigger and bigger and you turn into
 a male.
 Right?
 It's, I don't quite know how that works, but it does work.
 And apparently there's some very new research that says that male cleaner fish will aggressively
 nudge their mates to watch their diet.
 So, if they're eating too much, because I like, stop it, you'll turn into a male.
 That is so good.
 Okay, time for fact number two.
 My fact this week is that al-Qaeda's job application form includes a question asking who
 should be contacted in the event that the applicant becomes a martyr.
 Now, I have a lot of questions about that.
 Yeah.
 There's, where is the job application form available?
 Okay, so they found this as a part of, basically, when they raided Bin Laden's house and when
 Bin Laden was taken down, they took all the stuff from his house.
 He was applying for a job, so now all you have to do is go to Bin Laden's house and then
 pick up a form there.
 It's very easy.
 But so they, they found a lot of books, they found a lot of papers, obviously, and the government
 hadn't released it for a long time, and it's just been released, and part of the papers
 that were found in his house was the al-Qaeda job applicant form.
 There are lots of questions like, what objectives would you like to accomplish on
 your G-head path?
 I guess they don't ask, where will you be in the next five years?
 And hobbies, they want to know hobbies?
 Really?
 Yeah.
 Hobbies and pastimes is another question.
 Do you know that Bin Laden was a really good volleyball player?
 No, do.
 Is he?
 Yeah, he was.
 Whenever they used to have volleyball competitions in al-Qaeda, he and Mohammed Atef had to
 be on different teams because they were both by far the best players.
 Wow.
 He taught, wasn't he?
 Yeah, he was.
 But was he really good in the way that we've often said Kim Jong-un is great at golf?
 You know, like, were people just letting him win every shot, kind of thing?
 Maybe.
 I wanted to.
 I thought he was on dialysis.
 This might have been earlier before the dialysis.
 Okay.
 Because a lot of the best volleyball players are not on dialysis.
 It's true.
 That's a good fact.
 It's possibly Nintendo Wii that he was on volleyball on as well.
 I suppose if you have to stay indoors all the time.
 Exactly.
 Well, was he found with some kind of games console or no, he had loads of DVDs.
 Lots of DVDs.
 Lots of pornography.
 Lots of pornography.
 No.
 Yeah, they've not released the titles.
 But they said that had he had a big.
 Yeah.
 No, I don't know what.
 Tell me.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Because they've said that he had a lot of books and they released the titles of the books
 that he had, which included known Chomsky books and really oddly conspiracy theory books
 about 9/11, which is really interesting.
 Oh, really?
 Yeah, yeah.
 He had a lot of them.
 And a huge stash of pornography.
 They've not told us what they are.
 One thing that said though is that apparently extremists often have pornography as a way
 of communicating.
 So they'll have coded messages within a--
 Oh, yeah, that is true.
 Yeah.
 Stagnography, it's called, which is when you put messages in pictures and terrorists usually
 use pornography.
 Well, so they set up a porn shoot in order that they can plant a message into the scene somewhere.
 I think they use existing photos.
 That is the most convoluted excuse for seeing naked women-- I'm looking for a message.
 To look really closely at this one, I'm afraid.
 Probably for hours.
 I'm probably going to take it with me, actually, guys.
 I'd like to thank you for this fact, Dan, because now in the course of researching application
 forms for terrorism, I have, in my Google record, the phrase "apply to join ISIS."
 And as I speak on the UN terror watch list, you probably are.
 That's a way to think that--
 Yeah.
 We'll have alerted some time and some time.
 I've been in it five minutes ago, and now that's never leaving me.
 Isn't there a, like, a removals company in the UK called ISIS, or used to be called
 ISIS?
 And then they had to change their name.
 Or is a building company awesome?
 There are lots of-- there are lots of firms, actually.
 So there's-- and someers, they were bringing out a line called ISIS.
 I think we've mentioned this on the podcast before.
 And they said, well, it's too late to change it now.
 We've been working on this for six months.
 The best one was about that is the people who had a 21st birthday party.
 Do you remember that?
 No.
 So it's a 21st birthday party.
 They had two balloons that said 21st or 2 in a 1.
 But from the other side of the room, it looked like ISIS.
 So from outside, it looked like ISIS.
 And people called the police and said, we think there's a--
 You know, I know.
 Like, as if they--
 That's birthday party.
 That is, if they'd advertise where they were with--
 I don't know if they have ISIS balloons.
 They don't seem like the kind of party balloon sort of guys.
 I was an Oxford a few weeks ago.
 And there was an NHS sort of small building that
 was called ISIS out on the front of it as well.
 And right next to the sign ISIS, there was another sign
 that they put outside in paper that said, please do not
 lean your bicycle against our wall.
 And you're like, I am definitely not going to lean on it.
 No bicycles on that wall.
 It's fantastic.
 You know the question that you get asked on forms
 so the US visa form.
 I mean, there's some very, very way questions.
 Like, are you coming to the US to engage in prostitution?
 Do you belong to a clan or tribe?
 And have you ever been responsible for quotes, particularly
 severe violations of religious freedom?
 So presumably trivial violations of religious freedom
 are OK.
 But do you know the reason they do this?
 No, you have to answer all these.
 Is it because then if you answer it and you lie,
 then they can kick you out because you've lie done a fart.
 Yes.
 So that they have a reason to say you've
 obtained a visa by fraud or misrepresentation.
 And that in itself is enough of a reason
 to ask you to leave the country.
 So that's why they do it.
 Did you see the Mexican visa application one?
 No, no.
 So this is one of the questions on it.
 Since been taken off, describe your mustache slash beard.
 That can not be true.
 That's the number of people are written.
 This was in either the independent or the telegraph.
 They did a survey of questions you've
 been asked on a visa form.
 Did you check the data on that?
 Because that does sound very--
 I was suspect it was one respondent.
 And he said the options were scant, bushy, or clipped.
 I have to say, I wasn't going to read this out either.
 It's too much of a risk.
 Hey, one guy claimed it.
 I believe it.
 Did you see that job application in The Alps of Silly,
 which was for an air traffic controller?
 And it was in Braille.
 Oh, really?
 Yeah.
 And they were like, well, all of our job applications
 have to come in all the different in Braille, as well as in--
 Yeah, yeah.
 I'm writing, so.
 Scary stuff.
 That was it, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 In Russia, to get your dry cleaning done,
 you have to sign your signature five times,
 and feel it in a larger number of forms.
 There's a really good essay on the Guardian website
 about Bureaucracy in Russia.
 And how lots of Soviet Bureaucracy has basically survived.
 OK.
 That doesn't sound like it would be true in all dry cleaners.
 Maybe it isn't, especially bureaucratic dry cleaning.
 Is it just one form?
 And there's five signature lines at the bottom.
 Sounds like dry cleaners is a euphemism for something,
 like cleaning the streets of London of bit treacherous.
 I was at a hotel once, and the person reception asked me
 for my two signatures, and I said, I've only got one.
 And I think it's the funniest thing I've ever said in my life.
 She didn't even--
 I've heard that if you're funny yet.
 OK, time for fact number three, and that is James.
 OK, my fact this week is that the single biggest expense
 in the computer game LEGO Universe
 was to hire human moderators to make sure
 that people weren't making LEGO penises.
 So penis monitoring?
 What it was, it's one of those games, like Minecraft,
 where you can build things and whatever.
 And a lot of people, of course, when you can build anything
 you want, if you can draw anything you want,
 a lot of people draw penises.
 And they wanted to come up with a way
 of stopping people from doing this,
 because they wanted other people to go into your world.
 And they didn't want children stumbling
 into the world of someone who built a penis.
 And so they tried to get a computer
 to be able to work out when the repinises around,
 but the computer couldn't do it.
 They just-- it was impossible to come up
 with a program that would definitely recognize
 a LEGO penis above anything else.
 Like sometimes they'd say something was a penis,
 and actually it was a building, and sometimes they
 would miss one or whatever.
 And so the only way to get around it
 was to get a moderation team who would check every single
 erection to check that it wasn't a penis.
 Oh my god.
 And it cost them a fortune, and that was probably
 why it went off.
 And this was tweeted by a lady called Megan Fox,
 who was a developer who worked on the projects,
 and it was picked up by a website called Fusion.net,
 who wrote an article about it last week.
 See, I didn't know that Megan Fox had been branching out.
 Yeah.
 Good work.
 You can-- just for the sake of it,
 you can actually reach her on glass, bottom Meg.
 That's her actual Twitter handle.
 So if anyone has any questions following this podcast--
 Yeah, don't ask me.
 Go straight to Megan.
 Wow.
 Penises stop the LEGO universe game.
 That's such a shame.
 It's such a victory for--
 Willie.
 It's not a victory for innocence and joyfulness and play.
 Yeah.
 It's a victory for people building enormous penises.
 Yeah.
 But can't they, like on most websites,
 you have the ability to have a parent lock.
 Can they just do a kind of parent lock?
 And stop children from playing the LEGO computer game.
 Maybe-- no, no, no, no, maybe if you--
 Warning.
 It splits a penis.
 It's a penis only.
 Maybe it's an adult if you register your penis in it.
 Like you say, I have built a penis in my universe.
 And they go, penis is something you have to do
 when you've done something much worse than a LEGO game.
 Well, the point is it's people--
 they're not worried about the people who
 are going to register it.
 It's the people who nefariously build these penises.
 And they can you just stop them.
 Because penises look a lot like other stuff.
 Yeah, they look like buildings.
 Snails.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Other penises.
 Other penises.
 Should we ban this?
 It could be a penis.
 But also, it could just be another penis.
 In which case?
 We should leave it.
 I was reading today just on LEGO.
 That Cambridge is thinking of creating a new post
 for a professor, the professor of LEGO.
 Not just thinking, I think they are doing it.
 Yeah.
 So you're going to be made of LEGO.
 With loads of LEGO undergraduates as well.
 [LAUGHTER]
 That'd be really cool.
 They basically, LEGO provided them, supposedly,
 with 2.5 mil to create the post.
 And it's going to be about play in education and stuff
 like that.
 Yeah, there might be a professor of LEGO now.
 OK, so things that computers can't do, maybe.
 So the US is spending a lot of money
 to try and get facial recognition on people
 when they're going through airports
 to kind of see if they look like a terrorist.
 And supposedly, there might be some little micro expressions
 that people give off, like, if they're
 worried by the fact that they have to go through security.
 But apparently, the face of a man
 about a detonator suicide belt has the same expression
 as a man who realises he has left the stovon.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Oh, wow.
 That's why they can't tell.
 No, and I left the suicide belt in the stov.
 Oh, this is a disaster.
 It's not a-- because that's what the human face is.
 There's not a specific expression for a specific situation.
 It's an emotion.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So there we go.
 Did you see that Play Do a couple of years ago
 had to withdraw this--
 had to withdraw this product that it was releasing
 called the icing extruder after--
 Oh, god.
 --the complaints from parents that look like a penis.
 And it was extruding icing as well.
 It was extruding icing.
 It was to help them make cakes.
 So I think it was like a shaping tool.
 But if you look at it, it is a penis and testicles.
 And yeah, I think these reports said, unfortunately,
 it looks more like a sex toy, albeit a three-incher,
 than a child's toy, which is true.
 I think that's, surely, that's all in the mind of the parents
 who are dating them.
 And he's just showing us the Play Do picture on his computer now.
 Oh, no.
 Oh, yeah, so it is.
 I'm amazed that Safe Search is letting it through to be honest.
 But that's fine.
 When you see it actually--
 --lock on your own laptop.
 Of course.
 Every day, Andy's mom gives him his backlogs.
 But it's the parent lock on his computer sent him off to work.
 Have you heard about the oldest penis ever discovered?
 It's not micro-brucky or sticky.
 Yes, sorry.
 That is the very, very oldest penis.
 This is the oldest man-made representation of a penis.
 Oh, OK, which is a physical object, not just a drawing.
 So it's 28,000 years old, which is amazing.
 And it was found at the Hall of Fells cave in Switzerland, which
 is a cave where they found lots and lots of really ancient stuff.
 And I just love this sentence about it.
 It might have been used either as a sex toy
 or to do flint napping, where you sharpen flints
 to use this tool.
 And the BBC report said, the tubing and team working
 Hall of Fells already had 13 fractured parts
 of the fallace in storage.
 But it was only with the discovery of a 14th fragment last year
 that the team was able finally to put the dicks all together.
 [LAUGHTER]
 What do they think?
 Well, they're making lots of shapes with it before that.
 Is it an elephant?
 Is it an airplane?
 Is it another penis?
 [LAUGHTER]
 Well, so that's the oldest man-made penis.
 But the oldest graffiti penis, cock and balls
 that someone sketched out, the oldest known one,
 was discovered last year, is 2,500 years old.
 And it's in this a gene island called Astipalaya,
 or Astipalaya.
 And it was discovered when a Princeton professor
 was taking a bunch of archeology students there
 to show them the wonders of the island, the island's archeology.
 And they uncovered just hundreds of obscene pictures
 and obscene graffiti.
 So things like Nika Sittamos was here mounting tymiona
 and various bits of abuse against people.
 And yeah, the first picture of a cock and balls
 are very clear penis and two testicles.
 And the Princeton professor said, Dr. Blackopoulos,
 who found it, said, "What we have found
 is evidence that even then, people
 were using a coded language of symbols and imagery
 that was quite sophisticated."
 I mean, it's not the Davinci code, is it?
 [LAUGHTER]
 Should we track on them?
 Yeah, can I just mention this one last thing?
 I think this has been said on QI before,
 but I just really like it, which is the small penis rule.
 And I'd never heard of it before.
 And it's the idea that if you are in a novel trying
 a basic character of someone in real life,
 they can usually make an argument
 that you've used them as the inspiration they can sue you.
 So Michael Criton did this thing where he totally
 took down someone in real life in his book.
 But then he added this little extra detail,
 which was the character, has a small penis.
 And the guy wasn't able to sue him because he had to admit
 that he has a small penis if it was him.
 I would just do that.
 And I'd say, OK, fine, but whatever you want.
 I'm sure you can say he has drawn a malicious portrait of me,
 and then he has given him another characteristic.
 Yeah, I mean, you would think, but it turns out it worked.
 And it's now known as the small penis rule,
 which is something that gets you out of being libelous.
 Yeah, because you could say that, couldn't you?
 But it's whether or not people are going to believe it.
 Once they've seen the word small penis in a representation of you.
 I mean, no one's going to not say that that was a lie.
 I think also the idea is not that it will get thrown out of court.
 It's that you won't bring it to court.
 You won't bring it to court.
 There'll be a whole cross-examination on the length of your--
 Yeah, like the Barbra Streisandix effect, which we discussed last time.
 That's where you just don't want to draw attention to this,
 because then it'll probably get into the papers.
 Yeah.
 It'll be very amusing for everyone, and then you'll feel--
 I read it the day about characters.
 This is a bit off topic, but you know Goldfinger.
 Mm-hmm.
 This was named after Erno Goldfinger,
 who's an architect who you try to tower and a few other things,
 elephant and castle and stuff.
 And he apparently was furious that Alexander Fleming--
 No, that Ian Fleming had.
 He was apparently furious that--
 Alexander Fleming had invented penicillin,
 which really made the plot more difficult to, yeah.
 Do you expect me to talk?
 No, Mr. Bond, I expect you to recover.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Anyway, no.
 So yeah, he was apparently furious that--
 let's just call him Fleming.
 He was furious that Fleming had used his name and threatened to sue.
 And the publishers sort of like paid him off
 and also said that they were going to put a thing at the start
 of the book saying it's not based on anyone,
 and it's just a coincidence, right?
 And they all agree to that.
 But Fleming wasn't very happy with that at all.
 And he was so unhappy that he went to his publishers
 and told them that he wanted to rename Goldfinger Goldpric.
 [LAUGHTER]
 OK, time for our final pack of the show.
 And that is Chazinski.
 My fact is that the man who inspired the main character
 in Jurassic Park is now building a chicken assaurus.
 Which character in Jurassic Park is the main character?
 The T-Rex.
 I would have said the T-Rex.
 [LAUGHTER]
 He wants a friend.
 No, this is Jack Horner, who is the pedientologist
 on whom Sam Neill's character is based.
 Oh, cool.
 And he's called in the film.
 But yet, he's a really famous pedientologist.
 And he is now building what he calls either a chicken assaurus,
 or a dino chicken, which gives a general idea of what it is.
 How far has he got, if he's still on name, points right now?
 He's been rambling with that for a good decade or so.
 But no, he's got quite a long way.
 So it's about genetically back-engineering
 a chicken into being a dinosaur or into giving it
 dinosaur characteristics.
 And the three main things you need to change
 are the tails that you've got to give the chicken a tail.
 Because at the moment, chickens have this thing
 called a pigeon style, which is the thing that
 doesn't make their tail feathers move, but it's not a tail.
 So give them a tail, give them claws like a dinosaur instead
 of wings and give them a snout, not a beak.
 And they--
 And make them a hundred times bigger.
 You just blow into them for that, but it's true.
 OK.
 And yeah, they've done the beak, I think.
 So the tail's the hardest, apparently,
 getting a tail on the thing.
 I've seen a picture of what the beak would look like.
 It's pretty snout, rather than the beak, isn't it?
 Yeah, exactly.
 Yeah.
 Well, that's interesting, because birds had snouts
 for 50 million years.
 So the beak is a relatively recent innovation.
 And is it better?
 I think they're all better in lots of ways.
 Yeah, yeah.
 It must be more suited to whatever environment.
 Yeah.
 Because if it feels like maybe it's getting into small holes
 and stuff, it would be rubbish with this snout.
 It just bruises nose constantly.
 It seems with dinosaurs.
 So they're now saying that they had feathers.
 That's a theory coming up.
 I read on the other day that the Diplodocus,
 we all have this impression that the long necks
 is that they go out on a sort of 45 degree angle.
 But actually, they were right up.
 That's the new theory.
 Yeah, the new theories are going to be right vertically up.
 Like a giraffe.
 Yeah, it was--
 So they thought they were supposed to balance each other,
 because it was like the tail going out one way
 and the neck going out the other way and stuff.
 I think the tail goes right up as well.
 Yeah, that's right.
 That's just what it's trying to get for a really tight leg.
 Or the goalposts, or American football.
 Do we know what kind of dinosaurs would have had feathers,
 or is the prevailing theory that all of them had feathers?
 Well, I think T-Rexes are saying--
 Yeah.
 T-Rexes have feathers.
 And they may not have had penises.
 Any of them to take it back to penises.
 I think that's something that we're confident about, isn't it?
 Well, no, no.
 I mean, we don't know that any dinosaurs had penises.
 And actually, we're not sure with a lot of them
 how mechanically they had sex.
 One of the things in looking to this,
 because Jack Horner's has a number of dinosaurs
 named after him.
 I--
 Holosaurus.
 Yeah, maybe.
 I don't know.
 Actually, do you have the names on you by any chance?
 Terichaptal.
 Oh.
 Terichaptal.
 I thought I knew all the dinosaurs.
 I thought they were like the classic.
 I thought I knew them all.
 Is this like when you thought you knew all the Roman numerals?
 [LAUGHTER]
 It turns out there's so many dinosaurs out there
 that celebrities have dinosaurs named after them.
 That's how many there are.
 Like, Attenborough has a dinosaur named after him.
 Attenborough-Saurus.
 Nice.
 There's also Mark Knoffler from Dyer Straits.
 The reason it's named after him is that when they were digging
 in this quarry, they seemed to find this new species
 anytime Dyer Straits was pumping out over the sound system.
 So they were just like, get Dyer Straits back on
 and they kept finding more.
 So they gave that species to him.
 And there's also an Elvis one called the Elvisaurus.
 And it was the first dinosaur to be discovered in Antarctica,
 which Elvis loved.
 You know, where Elvis spent a lot of time as a boy.
 Where Elvis now lives.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I found out really cool thing about chickens this week,
 which is that we have just found a new state of matter
 in the eyeball of a chicken.
 How cool is that?
 I thought I knew all the states of matter.
 Not anymore, James.
 Yeah, no, you're pulling into my trap there.
 Yeah, so there were a few states of matter
 aside from the standard for.
 And this one is called disordered hyperuniformity,
 which is kind of cool.
 And it's an arrangement of molecules, which is really chaotic,
 if you look at it close up.
 And then over large spaces, it's got a kind of uniformity.
 And it's apparently acts somewhere
 between a liquid and a crystal, I think.
 But yeah, it just rocked up in the eye of a chicken
 as they were studying it.
 That's cool.
 That's like when we have filums.
 So every animal fits into a phylum.
 And they found a whole new phylum.
 And it was on the lobster's lip.
 And it was just this total new type of life
 that they'd not seen before.
 How did they notice that?
 I don't know.
 How did they notice the chicken eye?
 Yeah.
 Oh, this doesn't look like a state of matter I've
 seen anyone's eye before.
 Yeah, like how would you even begin to do that?
 So the industrial farming of chickens
 was kind of a mistake the way it started.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 Explain.
 Well, before 1923, when Hensel raised for meat,
 there were more or less a byproduct of egg laying birds.
 The end of an egg laying bird's life,
 it would be killed for meat.
 But there wasn't quite the same tradition
 of raising lots and lots and lots of birds.
 So traditional farming favored birds, which
 were good for eggs and for meat, basically.
 And then in 1923, a woman from Delaware
 called Mrs. Cecil Steele, just blazing,
 she accidentally ordered far too many birds.
 She meant all of 50 and she got 500.
 Was it like when you're doing your online shopping
 and she accidentally bought a thousand of them?
 Yeah, exactly.
 And so she sold them.
 And then the next year, she produced 1,000.
 And her neighbors started catching on thinking, oh, wait.
 This is really good.
 And there's more of a market for this than we thought there was.
 So people like chicken.
 Yeah, in 1925, Delaware farmers made 50,000 birds.
 They grew 50,000 birds.
 In 1929, it was 3 million.
 Wow.
 And in the election, Herbert Hoover,
 he promised a chicken in every pot.
 And that was the kind of start of this incredible expansion
 of battery farming.
 When people used to cook chickens,
 they used to want to make them sing for some reason.
 Or when it's just come out the oven,
 they used to want to make it sing.
 And what they used to do is put mercury inside the chicken
 and then kind of sew it up.
 And then that would kind of expand and make air inside the chicken.
 And then they make a tiny hole, I think.
 And then it would kind of tweet.
 Wow, that's so clever.
 It's amazing.
 It's clever, apart from the fact that it's highly close.
 Yeah, you're a dinner.
 It's worth it, though, for that.
 So it's like taking it out and the chicken going, tada!
 Not everyone is happy with the chicken asaurus idea
 of making a chicken asaurus.
 So one of the colleagues of Dr. Horner has said this.
 It was in BBC report.
 Has he said, get back in your corner, Jack.
 No, he hasn't.
 He should have done.
 He should have.
 Can I say he gets that a lot?
 He said, technically, you're going to have a messed up chicken.
 It's not a dinosaur.
 It's never going to be a dinosaur.
 It's just going to be a really awful monstrosity.
 I would agree with that, actually.
 I think what you're making is not a dinosaur.
 You're making a chicken with dinosaur characteristics, right?
 But if all the genes survive somewhere,
 I find that really interesting.
 So the idea is that chickens somewhere
 will have DNA that was inside dinosaurs, right?
 Well, some of it will be inactive or some of it
 would have been thrown away or just evolved away over it.
 What is true is that the chicken that you had for dinner
 yesterday, its parents were chicken.
 That chicken's parents were chicken, and they were chicken,
 and they were chicken, and they were chicken.
 And then if you got far enough, their parents
 would have been a dinosaur.
 I think that's so cool.
 I think one of the main things is, say, for instance,
 a tail.
 A chicken embryo has a tail.
 But then it kind of gets reabsorbed back into the embryo.
 And there's a gene that does that.
 If you can turn that gene off, then tail will continue
 to grow, and then you'll have a chicken with a tail.
 And actually human embryos also have tails.
 So, really?
 Yeah, we reabsorbed them as well.
 Theoretically, if you could find the gene in humans
 and turn that off, then you could have humans with tails.
 Would it be a hairy tail, like a monkey's tail?
 But Sharon, I would say it must be.
 I know, because it would be, but then again--
 Because it hasn't evolved with the rest of us.
 Yeah, we've been on hairy.
 Humans aren't hairy all over like that.
 By them.
 [LAUGHTER]
 They think, getting the tail reabsorption
 gene to stop turning off is something they think they might
 crack, because they've worked out how to turn on a gecko's tail
 reabsorption.
 So, scientists have learned how to make a gecko embryo
 reabsorb its own tail.
 This is so exciting.
 Yeah.
 I think in the future, when you're having a baby,
 you'll be able to tick all the boxes for you to tail.
 Will it be, will it be, will it be, pushed, clipped?
 It's fraggly.
 OK, that's it.
 That's all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you want to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we've said over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on Twitter.
 I'm on @Sriberland.
 James @Xshaped.
 Andy @AndruhunterM.
 Anna.
 You can ebelpodcast@ky.com.
 And you can also go to @kypodcast.
 You also can go to nosuchthingasaffish.com.
 We've got 60 something episodes up there you can listen to.
 We'll be back again next week with another episode.
 We'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 ♪ Show what we can do if you hold on to me ♪
 ♪ Show what we can do if you hold on to me ♪
 ♪ Show what we can do if you hold on to me ♪
