 (harmonica playing)
 - Do you know what it is?
 I don't know what it is, but...
 (harmonica playing)
 Do you know what it is?
 (harmonica playing)
 - Hello, and welcome to another episode
 of "No Such Thing as a Fish A Weekly Podcast"
 coming to you from the Otter Belly in London, South Bank.
 My name is Dan Shriver, and please welcome to the stage
 in his Etich Zitsky, Andrew Hunter Murray, and James Harkin!
 (audience cheering)
 (harmonica playing)
 - And once again, we have gathered around the table
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days,
 and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with my fact this week,
 my fact is that the way to defeat the British Royal Navy's
 most advanced destroyer ship is to put it in warm water.
 (audience laughing)
 So the British have spent a billion
 on six massive destroyer ships.
 These are ships that, in their press release,
 said this is the most advanced technology.
 These are the most advanced ships of all time
 going into the oceans.
 It turns out that their engines can't take warm water.
 And so if they go to the Persian Gulf, for example,
 the whole ship just makes it just completely wet.
 - Would we ever want to go to the Persian Gulf?
 It's dangerous there.
 (audience laughing)
 - We should just start wars in Iceland.
 - Yeah.
 (audience laughing)
 - The defense was that they weren't anticipating
 having to go somewhere like the Gulf.
 So John Hunson, who's a managing director of BAE system,
 said the operating profile at the time
 was that there would not be continuous operations
 in the Gulf.
 As if that was just out of the question at the time
 that we'd end up there.
 So yeah, they didn't expect to have to go anywhere.
 - There was a response from the MOD.
 They said, this is quote from the FD article.
 The MOD added that the ships remained
 one of the most capable warships on the planet.
 (audience laughing)
 - But only parts of the planet.
 (audience laughing)
 The Rolls-Royce booksman said,
 this is not the fault of Rolls-Royce.
 It is the laws of physics.
 (audience laughing)
 Can't do anything about those.
 - That's insane.
 - Yep.
 - It's amazing.
 - Is it the fault of the Rolls-Royce and so on
 for making the engines better?
 Is it the fault of the MOD for not telling them
 why we're doing this?
 - Rolls-Royce certainly claims it's the fault of the MOD.
 - Yeah.
 - And the MOD probably says it's Rolls-Royce's fault,
 and everyone says it's Isaac Newton's fault.
 (audience laughing)
 - Yeah, to fix these ships actually,
 when they do replace the engines,
 they're going to have to drill a huge hole
 in the underside of the boats, I think.
 So you've really got to tell the whole thing apart
 at this point. - Wow.
 And it's a billion pounds each, I think.
 - Yeah.
 - And it is, of course, only three months of the money
 that we're going to get back from Europe.
 (audience laughing)
 - Did you know there's one vertical shipwreck in the world,
 which is just sticking up completely vertically,
 at a 90 degree angle to the seabed.
 - Wow.
 - And this is HMS Victoria,
 and it's a really interesting story.
 So this was a battleship in the late 19th century,
 and it was one of the biggest battleship wrecks
 that the UK suffered.
 And it was because of this guy Admiral Trion,
 which feels like a... (audience laughing)
 - He just turned up at the Admiralty one day.
 - Just trying that on, and it did not go well for him.
 So he gave this bizarre order in 1893.
 He was a really well-decorated Admiral in the Royal Navy,
 and he was just off the coast of Lebanon,
 and there were two main ships leading his big fleet,
 the HMS Victoria and HMS Campodown.
 And he, suddenly via Semaphore,
 gave the instruction to campodown
 that those two ships that were running parallel
 to each other had to turn inwards towards each other
 and do a full circle in order to come back.
 And the turning circle of those ships
 was collectively two kilometers,
 and there was one kilometer between them.
 So it was physically impossible.
 Again, it's a law of physics issue.
 It was physically impossible for them not to crash into each other.
 So that captain of HMS Campodown ignored that,
 the first time around.
 But when he gave the order a second time,
 he just had to obey, 'cause that was what you did in the 1890s.
 And so they did this turn,
 and they were holding these two ships,
 both just captain by the same guy,
 crashed straight into each other.
 One of them was like plummeted to the bottom of the ocean.
 Yeah, his last words were, "It's all my fault."
 - Whoa! - Yeah.
 - His last words, "What on his deathbed?"
 Or on his... - What he died in the shipwreck.
 A lot of people died.
 So it was only 357 people were rescued,
 but sadly, 358 people were drowned.
 And so it just hit it over the edge.
 And so as he was going down, he said, "It's all my fault."
 To which I guess everyone on board his ship replied, "Yes, it is."
 [LAUGHTER]
 - Wow, that's great. - His name was Trion, wasn't it?
 - Trion, Admiral Trion? - Yeah.
 My favourite kind of nominatively determined captain of a ship
 was Captain Schlitt.
 And he was a captain of a German U-boat.
 It was U-1206, and it sank off the coast of Scotland
 because the toilets flooded.
 - Really? - Yeah.
 I don't know what caused the original blockage,
 but what happened was they flushed it a couple of times
 and it overflowed, but the batteries were underneath the toilet.
 So it wasn't a very well-designed submarine.
 And so the water went into the batteries,
 that released a load of chlorine gas.
 And then they were like, "Oh, shit, there's chlorine gas everywhere."
 So they had to go to the surface,
 and then when they got to the surface,
 the British just went, "Oh, there's a submarine.
 Let's shoot it."
 - Oh, god. - There's a thing, really early submarines.
 They were basically at the surface almost all the time.
 They were pretty much surface ships
 that had the capacity to dive.
 But the really odd thing is that even in the Second World War,
 to have extra observation, a German U-boat would surface,
 and then it would send up a kite with a man in a little seat,
 and he would look around.
 That's truly happening.
 This is within living memory.
 He would look around, and he could,
 because obviously you can see dozens of miles in a direction.
 You can see any ships.
 And then 53 kilometers, apparently,
 was the maximum you could see.
 And the only disadvantage was, obviously,
 it immediately gave away your position.
 And you would then have to dive really quickly,
 once you've seen who's in the area.
 Yeah.
 And the guy is still attached to the submarine,
 being pulled down, is he?
 He, I think, I think that--
 [LAUGHTER]
 I think they get him back on board.
 And then they go, "Deep breath, we're going under."
 [LAUGHTER]
 When the battleship arrived, when the British warship arrived,
 it was just a bloke in a kite, some rain.
 No.
 [LAUGHTER]
 That means so.
 I'm sure I've heard of noted that.
 So the US Navy's most advanced new battleship.
 It's called the USS Zomvolt.
 And it is so advanced.
 It is so stealthy that, in fact, it's too stealthy.
 And it's going to have to carry big reflective pads,
 so other things don't bump into it.
 [LAUGHTER]
 It's about 400 feet long, and it can make itself
 look on radar like a 50-foot-long fishing boat.
 Well, and a quick last thing.
 You know, the ceremony, the launching ceremonies of boats.
 So every time a new rule boat is launched,
 then we smash a champagne bottle.
 Or a woman customarily smashes a champagne bottle into it.
 And I didn't realize the first instance in this
 was in the 18th century.
 And the person who first smashed a champagne bottle
 onto a ship's hull was the princess of Hannover.
 And she, according to reports of the time,
 threw the bottle at it.
 So now we smash it.
 But she threw the bottle at it with more energy than accuracy,
 missing the ship entirely and injuring one of the spectators.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Who put in a claim for damages against the Admiralty.
 Does that mean that he was technically the ship?
 Does that go worse?
 Does the Navy have to use him?
 Yep.
 This is HMS Destroyer.
 This is HMS Arrogant, the HMS Kevin.
 HMS Bloodiemut Bloodface.
 OK, it's time for a second fact.
 And that is James Harkin.
 OK, my fact this week is that in 1988, Singapore held a beauty
 contest where 60% of the judging marks were
 awarded for how good a contestant's website was.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So this was a way to promote the internet in Singapore
 in the '90s.
 And it was the leading internet service provider
 cost signnet, and they had a competition
 to find intellectual beauty.
 60% of the marks were awarded for internet knowledge,
 which was producing your own home page and also
 sitting at a laptop answering internet trivia questions.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 And designing, like it was just a laptop on stage.
 And they came out and designed a website.
 Also, do they have to design it on the spot?
 Yeah.
 Doesn't it take days?
 Not if you use Squarespace.com.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So obviously, beauty contest, we probably all
 think they're a little bit sexist.
 But according to Miss America Organization,
 they claim to be the largest scholarship organization
 solely for women in the whole of America.
 I think that's been debunked.
 Yeah, by John Oliver, yeah.
 It's a shame because it got such a rigorous round
 of support from the audience here.
 I think they do give out some scholarships,
 but they don't give out nearly as many as were originally claimed.
 So modern beauty contests were invented by Petey Barnum,
 who we must all know.
 He is the guy who kind of started circuses.
 He was a big kind of circus king of America.
 And he started them in Delaware in 1880.
 And it was a panel of judges who chose,
 and one of the judges was Thomas Edison.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 And it was to promote a beach resort outside
 of the normal kind of time that people would go to beaches.
 In 1955, America had a sausage queen.
 That was a competition.
 There was a huge rash in the '50s, especially,
 of really, really heavily sponsored competitions.
 If you Google Image Search, I've done this.
 It's safe, so don't worry.
 Took a risk.
 If you Google Image Search sausage queen, you'll find--
 [LAUGHTER]
 Find the picture of this poor woman.
 She's wearing a bikini, but she's also covered in sausages.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Well, in Colombia, there are loads and loads of beauty pageants.
 So I think the BBC worked out that Colombia holds 3,794
 beauty pageants a year.
 A year.
 Calm down.
 You're all beautiful.
 But there's more than 10 a day.
 And so they've had to branch out.
 So they have Miss Onyun.
 And that's where you have to prove your extensive knowledge
 of Onyun's.
 They have the International Coffee Pageant, which
 similarly missed coffee as someone from Japan,
 bizarrely, who proved her knowledge
 of Colombian coffee well enough.
 They have donkey pageants, which are really popular,
 which is where you dress up donkeys.
 And this takes place in rural Colombia.
 And it's where you dress up your donkeys
 as political or famous figures.
 And you prance them around.
 So at the last donkey pageant, I think, one of them
 was Barack Obama.
 He was straight in an American flag.
 So he was wearing an American flag of sort of a dress.
 And he had a USA tie on him.
 And in the end, the prize actually
 went to a donkey dressed as a Colombian preacher.
 And Barack Obama's handler apparently
 was seen storming off in outrage.
 I would have--
 I'd put a bag of oats on my donkeys' nose,
 and then it would be donkey-ooty.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I think--
 Mix, mix, mix.
 [LAUGHTER]
 On the flip side, I was reading about--
 and it's terrible that this exists, but this does exist.
 In Zimbabwe, there's an annual Mr. Ugly competition.
 And it's been going for four years.
 This will be the fifth year, 2016.
 Last year, they had a situation, a huge controversy,
 because the person who was awarded the top prize
 of Mr. Ugly in the country was deemed too handsome by most
 of the people who were in it.
 Mainly, it was the guy who's won it three years in a row
 who was like, this guy's not ugly.
 He's just missing teeth.
 Apparently, he just--
 I can't believe the contest got ugly.
 They really stuck to their guns.
 The guy, one of the main judges, said,
 Sierra made a tremendous-- this is the guy who won.
 Sierra made a tremendous effort to enhance his ugliness
 by pulling facial stunts.
 Massvenou, who was the former champion,
 thought he was so ugly that he didn't even
 need to try hard.
 That cost him the crown.
 And so, yeah, he's--
 So none of the judging panel said,
 oh, I just thought voting him would be a protest.
 I didn't think he'd actually win.
 [LAUGHTER]
 [APPLAUSE]
 Yeah, this is a satirical show we do.
 Yeah, this is the most satirical we've ever made.
 Yeah, so I think about the internet in Singapore.
 Yeah.
 OK, so in 2001, the Singapore banned campaigning
 on the internet during its election.
 So Minister for Information and Arts, Li Yoxuan,
 said, "A free-for-all internet
 campaigning environment without rules
 is not advisable.
 On the internet, once a false story
 or rumor is started, it's like water
 that has been spilled.
 It's almost impossible to reign in the matters,
 especially in the limited period of an election campaign."
 I think we can all agree he was way off the mark there.
 [LAUGHTER]
 They were quite interpromote in the internet
 around that period, weren't they?
 Because they had an internet festival in the year 2000.
 And that was-- so the centerpiece of this festival
 was this guy called Nicholas Eng,
 who was a computer engineer who'd
 founded this company called Wave New World.
 And this was all the talk of the millennial Singaporean
 internet festival.
 And as the BBC reported, he said that the internet
 and this new media explosion in the year 2000
 have brought us email e-commerce, DVD movies, interactive games.
 But something is missing, the sense of smell.
 And he was starting up a company called DigiSense, which
 allowed you to use the internet, but smell, as you were doing it,
 the sense that it would be appropriate to the website
 that you were searching.
 And I think--
 You don't always want to smell the thing that you're looking up up.
 If it's sausage queen, you don't really have that.
 If you Google the phrase, smell the sausage queen.
 We cannot guarantee that that's safe.
 It is crazy, though, because I remember the internet in 1998,
 which was pretty basic.
 So the idea that there would be a massive competition
 at that time seems ridiculous.
 I went to a judgeal bank, which is in Cheshire's
 big sort of, what is it, a big--
 They look for aliens, do you?
 Yeah, they telescope.
 Sorry.
 So it was in the '90s, and we didn't know
 one had the internet.
 We didn't have it in our school.
 So we all went there to kind of look at the internet.
 And I remember going in that.
 I know it's amazing.
 But I went in there and kind of searched
 for fancy football, which I was into at the time.
 And it kind of just picked up the word fantasy
 and gave me lots of things that as a young teenage boy,
 I'd never really seen before.
 Whoa.
 A judgeal bank?
 Yeah.
 That's what I want to consider in the rhyming slang
 that a judgeal bank is.
 Guys, we need to move on in a second.
 So we ought to, yeah.
 OK, I have one little thing about contest in Singapore.
 So in 2009, men's spot in Singapore
 was so bad that they couldn't find a sportsman of the year.
 Oh, yeah.
 So 2008 was an Olympic year as well.
 The president of the Olympic Council said,
 unfortunately, it was a bad year.
 None of them really achieved anything not worth it.
 So I had a look at what they did in the Olympics.
 And the table tennis team went out in the group stage.
 None of the sailors made the top 20.
 They're only track half wheat went out in the first round.
 They're only shooter lost in the first round.
 They're only swimmer lost in the first round.
 And they're only male badminton player
 lost in the second round.
 So you think you might have won.
 Boy, he had a buy in the first round.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Time for fact number three.
 And that is Anich Zinski.
 My fact this week is that there is a network of fully furnished
 fake apartments in the UK, whose sole purpose
 is to get burgled.
 Wow.
 That's a name that is amazing.
 When you say a network, how many--
 I'm so bizarre that that's your first question.
 Who owns them?
 So they are owned by the government.
 So this is-- there are a lot to answer your question, apparently.
 That helps.
 They exist in every major city in the UK.
 There are a few of these.
 And I found this out in a new book.
 It's come out this year called A Burgler's Guide to the City.
 It's by Jeff Mannow.
 And it's so good.
 And yeah, there's this capture house program
 that the government runs, which is
 where you build a completely fake apartment that's totally
 kitted out with a lot of nice technology
 with some furniture that's often donated
 by the local police force, apparently, that they didn't want.
 And you build this apartment in a way
 that will hopefully lure burglarers to burglar it.
 And unbeknownst to them, they're all covered
 in this chemical agent, which can only be seen under UV light.
 So whenever the burglar is burglary,
 it touches a handle, or walks across the floor.
 Then he's covering himself in this chemical agent,
 which then needs a trace of where he's been,
 and also their full of cameras.
 So basically, they're there as traps
 so that burglar's come in and then the police follow
 immediately afterwards.
 And they're all over the place, and you wouldn't know
 if there was one in your apartment building.
 They're everywhere.
 So you wouldn't know if your home was one of these.
 If you've been burgled, maybe it is.
 I wanted to know how they lure burglarers to burglar them.
 Do they have people sort of ostentatiously
 carrying in, you know, really nice tellies and stuff?
 Saying, oh, I must get a second lock for this door
 one of these days.
 As soon as I get back from that long holiday,
 that's a guy.
 Thank god we got rid of the dog.
 Yeah, it's basically that.
 No, they're often targeting one specific burglar.
 So they'll be--
 Oh, of course.
 It's amazing.
 It's genuinely incredible.
 They target that particular burglar's motor operandi.
 So if he only robs first floor flats, for example,
 they'll try and make sure that one of the capture houses
 is a first floor flat, if they can.
 And then they walk around as I was shouting,
 "Marjorie, can you remind me to open all the windows?"
 It's so warm.
 And then they'll leave a window open, and they'll try and get them in.
 It's true, it's that police thing where you pick up so many clues
 from it, the way a burglar operates.
 And you really can't rig up a house or a flat
 so that it is going to attract that one burglar in the area.
 And one burglar can raise the crime rates of one area
 massively, because he and his gang, or she and her gang,
 will just be operating on lots of houses every day of the week.
 I was looking into-- so police having to fake things
 in order to get results.
 Confessions.
 Yes.
 So one of the things I write about is that
 bomb and drug-sniffing dogs, when they go around looking
 for any-- there are airports trying to sniff out the drugs
 and so on-- apparently, if they don't get a win,
 if they don't manage to smell out some drugs,
 they get quite depressed.
 Psychologically, sniffer dogs actually get depressed,
 that they don't have a sort of--
 they've done a good job.
 So what the police will do is they'll fake a situation.
 Yeah, yeah, honestly, where the dog can then sniff out some
 one and be like, oh, I need--
 they just get members of the public.
 They pay them to do it, and they bust out.
 They pay, that's what it's happening.
 I don't know if they pay them, but they've set up fake drug
 vests for dogs so that dogs can feel better.
 It's a great fact.
 So these guys always have to tell me
 what I've actually got a good fact.
 You've done very well.
 Have a biscuit.
 Do you want to hear about a couple of things, though?
 Do you want to hear about a couple of cool devices
 that you can get if you don't want to be birgled?
 Yes, please.
 Show a thing.
 A lock.
 A lock, yeah.
 So you can get a thing called fake TV, which is very cool.
 And it's this panel, which is just flashing LED lights.
 But from the outside, it looks exactly
 like someone's indoors and watching Telly.
 Why don't you just leave your TV on?
 Good point.
 Great.
 That's stuff there, business model.
 No, it's-- I think the idea is it uses a lot less energy
 than just leaving your Telly on all the time.
 Did someone watch Home Alone?
 Did you see the Christmas scene?
 That's a business model.
 That is a thing you can buy.
 It's called fake TV.
 And I've seen it.
 It looks right.
 I didn't burgle the house.
 And there's no thing you can get.
 You can get an anti-theft security smog jet machine.
 This is for things like banks and things like that.
 But if there's a break in, it just floods the entire room
 with smog.
 Wow.
 That's very cool.
 And the burglar goes in and goes, oh, I'm in the 19th century.
 Just on the subject, I was looking for fake things and police.
 And I just found a story that I'd rather like from last year.
 This is from Sutton, so not too far from here.
 And it's that in June of last year, police and Sutton
 turned up to a house because they'd
 had a tip off from the RSPCA.
 And they had a standoff over a snake, which
 was loose in someone's garden.
 And they had a reasonably long standoff
 until it was pointed out to them that it was a garden
 ornament snake.
 But they were standing really still, watching it.
 And it wasn't moving.
 And they weren't moving.
 And then a resident told them, it's not real.
 And I just love the quote.
 It was a neighbor who was called Gary Hollins, a 43-year-old
 who lived nearby.
 And he said, I could have told you it was a fake snake
 because the paint is peeling off it.
 Hey, snake shed that skin.
 True, good point.
 Oh, we need to move on to the final fact.
 OK, maybe we should do some hilarious burglary stories,
 shall we?
 So I went on the internet and looked
 for some burglar headlines from the last few months.
 So a burglar was caught after knocking
 over a tent of white paint during a break in
 and leaving footsteps, leading all the way to his door.
 Oh, man.
 There was another one who was caught by police
 after having a bite out of a cucumber
 and leaving his DNA inside the cucumber.
 Wow.
 There was a post office burglar who was caught
 after he tried to buy a car with 1,000 pounds in 1 pound coins.
 And there was a Kentucky burglar who was arrested after accidentally
 dialing his phone 9-1-1 while he was talking
 to whether it's complex about the burglary
 that he was just about to do.
 Oh, my God.
 What?
 And they just overheard him saying what he was going to do
 and then they caught him.
 Wow.
 Do you remember there was that story about there was a couple
 who were downstairs and they'd ride back home
 and some two people were in their house robbing the house.
 Sorry, no, it was one person.
 One person was in the house.
 So he quickly ran upstairs and hid
 and was trying to plan his escape route.
 And according to this story, the burglar is upstairs
 and he's just sitting there kind of going, OK, what do I do?
 They're downstairs.
 And one of the couple says, oh, I heard a hilarious joke today.
 Told the joke.
 They live with a punchline, the recipient just in laugh.
 And then they just heard this.
 And the burglar couldn't help but go,
 I wonder what happens if that knock-knock joke.
 This is himself.
 And then they bust it, but they call it the cops.
 You know what I'm saying?
 That's the truth, sir.
 We need to move on to the final fact.
 OK.
 OK, it's time for a final fact of the show.
 And that is James Harkin.
 I don't think he did.
 James has done this.
 It's my first time.
 Oh, sorry.
 Sorry.
 OK, it's time for our final fact of the show.
 And that is Additch.
 OK.
 Final fact of the show.
 And that is Andrew Hunter Murray.
 Thank you, Dan.
 [LAUGHTER]
 My fact is that the world's biggest skywriting firm
 recently turned down a request to draw
 the largest ever penis in the sky.
 That was worth wasting for.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So skywriting, we all know, is where planes loop the loop.
 And they release smoke in various patterns
 to make letters or shapes or whatever it is.
 And the really cool thing is there are only
 five full-time skywriters on the planet.
 Only five people who make a full-time living.
 A lot of sort of freelance people at part-time
 has amazing article on the website Quartz about this,
 because there's a family firm of people who do it.
 And they have various rules.
 So they turn down swear words.
 They won't write really rude things in this guy.
 And they've also turned down someone
 who wanted to get the largest ever penis drawn in this guy.
 But they did earlier this year, right over California,
 the words Trump is disgusting.
 [LAUGHTER]
 But they're now regress it.
 And they say they wish they hadn't taken it,
 because they want to be able to take it.
 So by writing the word Trump, they did kind of
 have the world's biggest penis in this guy.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah, so the other cool thing is there are two--
 I didn't know.
 There are two main ways of making letters in this guy.
 You can either do it with one plane, which
 is where you have-- and you have a sort of smoke jet,
 basically, it's an adapted exhaust out of the back of the plane.
 And you can either have one plane, but it takes ages.
 And you can only write about 12 letters maximum.
 And it takes a couple of minutes to write a single letter.
 Because letters are huge.
 Each of the letters is as tall as the Empire State Building.
 Whoa!
 Yeah, they're massive.
 And a single message is at least five miles long in the sky.
 This is very exciting, because there's now
 a new thing you can do called sky typing, which
 is where you have five planes next to each other,
 and they're all flying in formation.
 And they have a computer-controlled system, which
 releases puffs of smoke at exactly the right moment.
 So they're all writing either on or off in the sky,
 and that produces--
 Like a name jet printer, kind of thing.
 Like a name jet printer, yeah, yeah.
 And it slowly produces the word like that as they fly across.
 So you can do longer messages now using sky typing.
 But that's the old new divide in sky writing.
 That's amazing.
 I really-- my favorite one was from a few years ago,
 and it was just suddenly appeared in the air.
 How do I land?
 And it was a comedian who did that.
 It was a Kickstarter.
 He decided he just-- he wanted to help sky writing come back.
 He thought it'd be a great place to put a joke up.
 And so he did a Kickstarter, and they raised $4,000 American dollars.
 That's how much it cost to have something like how do I land?
 Question mark.
 Do you know that actually it was a really windy day?
 And so they did the H. And then by the time they'd done the O,
 the H had already gone.
 Oh!
 But W, the H and the O had already gone.
 And he said, if you watch the sky for 20 minutes,
 you could probably piece it together.
 Oh!
 This is a guy called-- he was a comedian called Kurt Bronola.
 Yeah, he still is a comedian called Kurt Bronola.
 And he's just so people know who he is.
 Kristen Scholl, Kristen Scholl, sorry,
 who is in Flight the Concords, and so on.
 It's her comedy partner.
 So he's very big in the sense.
 But when he did this, unless you really,
 you really watched and saw each letter go.
 You couldn't really tell what was happening.
 So what he did was he took a photo of each letter
 before it blew away.
 And then he put them all together in a composite photo
 and then put it online saying, this is what it would have looked like.
 I know.
 I thought he could have just photoshopped the whole thing.
 It would have been--
 Yeah.
 I really like-- so back in the sort of '60s,
 it was used.
 There was so many plans at sky writing
 was going to be the main way that you would advertise your company.
 I think you're right.
 And pretty much it was when TV came in.
 And suddenly we could get advertising to everyone's homes immediately.
 And that was when sky writing's like, oh, we don't really need this anymore.
 And it didn't need to be a cloudless, sunny day for advertising
 to reach your home, which it did.
 But there was a lot of alarmism about sky writing
 in the early days of it, that it was just going to be this--
 like all new technologies, it was going to be this awful thing.
 So I was looking in the newspaper archives
 and people were writing things about it in 1932.
 There was a debate in the House of Commons as to whether we should allow advertisers
 free use of the sky to do this sky writing.
 And those MPs are against it, said it was a desecration of the sky.
 So monstrous, it should be completely prohibited.
 And it was decided the inventor would promise not to do it in their cathedrals
 or monuments and would agree not to vulgarize the sky.
 But people thought it was going to ruin it.
 People thought it would just spiral out of control.
 And the entire sky would be occupied by constant adverts.
 Well, they kept saying, yeah, New York, they were worried that people living
 high-rise buildings would be pummeled by the smoke that was coming down.
 So they were recommending close your windows so that you don't die effectively,
 which was not true at all.
 But-- and it was a sloppy business as well.
 1961, I read this amazing report where someone went up, did the message,
 came back down, looked up, saw that they did it wrong.
 It was because it was very hard to do, made a mistake, went back up,
 put a cross through it, and re-did the whole thing again.
 Do you know what the first ever sky writing message said?
 No.
 It said daily mail.
 It was an advert for the daily mail.
 It was in 1922.
 And it was invented.
 Skywriting was invented by this guy called John Savage.
 He was a pilot and the war was over and he sort of started experimenting.
 So this is cool.
 He had been an agent to a chap called BC Hux, who was the first Englishman
 to do a loop, the loop, in a plane.
 Oh, wow.
 What?
 Yeah, he had a flying agent, apparently.
 And then, so after he'd experimented with this daily mail advert,
 he went to the USA and he wrote in the sky above New York, Hello USA.
 But no explanation.
 Nothing.
 Then the next day, he sent someone else back up another pilot.
 And the message he wrote in the sky was call Vanderbilt 7100,
 which is the hotel he was staying at.
 As soon as people saw that, they started phoning the hotel by the hundreds,
 saying, I must buy this as an advert.
 That was his only advertising method.
 I think he was proving the effectiveness, wasn't he?
 So I think 47,000 people called within three hours.
 And it was sort of the effectiveness of this advertising that they all called.
 Yeah.
 But someone, I liked this in 1961.
 There was a guy who was in one of the very few people who was employed as a skywriter.
 And he had hated his math teacher at school, he said.
 And so he did the sky writing with the advertisement that he'd been employed to write in the sky.
 And then he had some spare ink in his tank.
 And so at the end of his working day, he screwed 4 plus 1 equals 6 in the sky
 as revenge against his high school nurse teacher.
 Is that nice?
 That's amazing.
 How is that revenge?
 But yeah, it relies on a lot of things.
 The master teacher is seeing it.
 The master is knowing it's him.
 The master teacher giving a shit about him anyway.
 Also, it's not a revenge to still be enumerous.
 I'll show my English teacher by unlearning reading.
 I was reading a few years ago, and I can't read out the whole passage,
 but it's really worth reading this person's account about how, when in, I think it's around 2008,
 they were doing a, someone hired a skywriting team to write peace now across the sky.
 So there was a protest going because Obama was doing some sort of talk, and they just wanted to say,
 we want peace, no more war, all that sort of stuff.
 So the big problem that the pilot had is that they misjudged the size of the word.
 And as they were finishing up the words, they were heading directly into territory
 that the military said, this is not an aerospace you're allowed into,
 because we have the president down there, and you will be shot down.
 That's amazing.
 Yeah, someone in the plane going, we need to turn around.
 We need to turn around. They're going, I need to get there so I can make the turn up
 to finish the W on the now.
 So in the end of the read, peace, no.
 We even need to wrap up really soon.
 Can I quickly tell you about a chap in Melbourne, this was a couple of years ago.
 He wrote, he proposed his girlfriend in the sky with skywriting.
 He wrote Marie, that was her name, Marry Me, across the sky, and she said, no, when she saw it.
 No.
 She also sent the plane up to say, no.
 He said, because they'd been together for years and years, and then they'd broken up,
 and then they were getting back together, and they were thinking, I think this will clinch it.
 And he said, at least I know I've tried my best.
 Do you know that's so weird, because there's another guy in Melbourne recently who got
 involved in skywriting, because he had a girlfriend called Prue,
 and he wanted to send her a Valentine's Day message in the sky saying, happy Valentine's Day Prue,
 but couldn't afford it.
 So he started a kickstarter for everyone else who had a girlfriend called Prue in the world,
 and said, if you all contribute to this, then we'll put the message, happy Valentine's Day Prue,
 love me, so no one knows which one it was.
 Oh, there was a guy who wrote, sorry, in the sky above, I was an American city,
 and no one knows who it was, but I imagine a lot of people will have been using that.
 That's for me to do, and I am sorry.
 Boris Johnson's already got a second round of the game.
 OK, OK, that's it, that's all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we've said over the
 course of this podcast, you can find us on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland, James at Eggshade Andy at Andrew Hunter M and Jacinski.
 You can email podcast at qa.com.
 Yep, and you can go to know such thing as a fish.com.
 We've got all our previous episodes up there.
 You can also go to know such thing as the news.com because we have a TV show,
 and you can watch all of our previous episodes there too.
 We will see you again next week.
 Guys, thank you so much for being here in the South Anker London.
 And thank you for listening.
 And I will see you again next time.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
