 Hey everyone welcome to this week's episode of Fish. Before we begin we just want to let you know
 that we have a very special guest on this week. So we were doing a live show in Brighton and Anna
 Tyshinski could not make it to the show unfortunately and so we had to find someone to fill those very
 big shoes and we did. In fact we went to the top we brought in the big gun Debra Francis White of
 the Guilty Feminist. She is such a fun person she's a really good pal of ours we had so much fun on
 stage with her and you must check out if you haven't already the Guilty Feminist podcast.
 It's a really important really great show comedy show but always full of interesting and important
 issues and you can find all the information about it on Guilty Feminist.com. Debra tours like we do
 all the time so do go check out her live show. In fact this one recorded in Brighton she'll be
 back in Brighton on March the 5th she's going to be playing at the Pavilion and it is going to be a
 show that is tied in with International Women's Day so 5th of March do get your tickets for that.
 It will be an awesome show it always is with Debra and we hope you enjoy her on this show.
 Okay let's do it on with the pod.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish a weekly podcast
 this week coming to you live from Brighton.
 My name is Dan Shriver I am sitting here with Andrew Hunter Murray James Harkin and special
 guest Debra Francis White and once again we have gathered around the microphones with our
 four favorite facts from the last seven days and in no particular order here we go starting with
 fact number one and that is Debra. So my fact is that actress Tallulah Bankhead had a parrot
 which she taught to say birds can't talk. She also taught her to say who'd want to talk to you.
 Nice. And who are you so sometimes someone will come in and say who are you and the person
 would answer and go birds can't talk which was a sort of gaslighting parrot really in a very
 real way. It was actually I think a minor bird which I'm assured is a sort of a parrot
 that might not be accurate but if it isn't email these guys. She had a lot of pets actually she
 had a lion cub called Winston Churchill. She bought that when she was in Nevada and she only
 went to Nevada so she could get a quick divorce and it used to take curtain calls with her on the
 stage. She had a dog called Hitchcock given to her by Hitchcock all her life she had an incredible
 series of animals but she was one of the great eccentrics. She was completely amazing and she
 most famous as an actor but only really took off she was from America she came to the UK
 in 1923 and she spent eight years here doing plays and becoming a real complete sensation
 and there was a group of fans called the gallery girls who were a group of teenage cockney girls
 who would arrive and just wait in the gallery and whenever she came on stage they would just
 scream and cheer and it was incredibly annoying obviously for anyone else who actually wanted
 to see the show and you know they would applaud for about as long as she was on stage herself as in
 that long again you know. Yeah they used to sing Tallulah hallelujah, Tallulah hallelujah on and on
 and on and some of the other actors she'd vamp and some of the other actors they'd be like we're
 never going to get out of here because she would let it go on but the gallery girls were working as
 you say working class women many lesbians and they knew that she was Tallulah was what she called
 ambi-sextrous and she famously said my father warned me about men and booze but never said a word
 about women and cocaine. She was also said to have slept with 70 percent of the aristocracy
 but her her I mean that was what she claimed. I love that idea like the battered old copy of
 the brettes like just crossing off the El of Westminster and in fact the Duchess of Kilmore.
 Well she did catch quite a lot of things actually. She did generally yeah. She was amazing. She was so famous
 in London when she lived there that according to Lord Beaverbrook there were only two people in the
 whole of the UK who could be identified by just the first name from an average costamunga and that
 was Tallulah and Steve. Steve? Steve? Everyone knows Steve. Let's try and guess it. 1920s Steve?
 Steve? I mean good luck because I can see the answer. Okay. Is this person still famous? Oh
 no. It was Steve Donahue the great English jockey. Oh that's amazing. And she loved a bit at the
 races as well. Oh she did? Yes. You'd see her photograph with the Prince of Wales at the races
 and she was friends with the Arga Khan but she would often come to the door without any clothes on
 just with a strand of pearls around her neck even the stage door she'd come without any clothes on
 and she once said to an aristocrat at a stuffy party who was there with his wife
 who she had slept with many times he looked away from her and she said what's the matter darling
 don't you recognize me with my clothes on? She was wonderful with those kind of quips and also
 the nudity thing like she used to do that not just in sort of her personal life but on sets of movies
 she'd just get naked and start cartwheeling everywhere. Loved a nude cartwheel. Yeah. Pantsless
 cartwheels with her speciality. So you think it was a normal cartwheel and then she'd get to the top
 of the car. We didn't know it was a very special car wheel actually. Yeah so that might be the other
 thing she might have her clothes on but she wouldn't have any underpants on and there was a thing with
 a movie she was on it was an Alfred Hitchcock movie where they did get complaints and they told
 Hitchcock we've got to sort this out and Hitchcock reportedly said back that he didn't know if it was
 a matter for wardrobe or hairdressing. She inspired amazing quits from everywhere. That's the thing.
 Do you want to hear another Tallulah line? Yeah this is where she saw former lover of hers and she
 saw him for the first time in years and she said to him I thought I told you to wait in the car.
 She also she used to say I hate to go to bed I hate to get up and I hate to be alone
 and so she employed in her later years middle aged and a bit later probably until she died
 young gay men she called Cadiz to sit with her while she fell asleep and I mean she was such a
 gay icon you can imagine because she was they were happy to do it but she paid them to sit with her
 and they would hold her hand but they did other things for her as well. They'd light her cigarettes,
 draw her baths you know just generally make her life more convenient. She never liked being alone
 even if she was asleep so if she wasn't sleeping with anyone that night on the rare night she
 wasn't sleeping with anyone she would hire a caddy which I might do in my older years.
 What did they did they speak to her or any for no was it just holding the hand?
 They were just there so she felt comfortable going to sleep she didn't like being alone
 and so she was sweet but it has pathos. Absolutely yeah she was a she was a rather
 tragic figure. Her last ever words were bourbon codeine which told you about her life but in her
 book in her autobiography she denies being a cocaine addict and she absolutely was. Yeah in the
 book she says that what happened was and I agree that this is not true but this is what she says
 she said one time she got really really really drunk and she decided she was going to give up
 drink for a few days and she said okay well what I'm going to do is if anyone says do you want
 to drink I'm going to say oh no thank you I don't drink have you got any cocaine right and that
 would get people to stop her getting drunk. The problem is the one day someone called her bluff
 according to her and that's why she had some cocaine and then the next day someone else did
 and the next day someone else did. Tower happens going at the slippery slippery slope.
 Well she had the sick because it was alcohol it was cocaine it was sex a lot of sex and she had
 this moment where she had to go to hospital to have an emergency hysterectomy brought on by
 gonorrhea I believe and so she got really ill she was rendered infertile she was in hospital her
 weight had gone down to 75 pounds and they were trying to say you know subtly that you got to
 change your life and the the thing that she used to say to the doctors as they were sort of leaving
 the room as she would yell at them going don't think this has taught me a lesson. She was just pure badass.
 There's no other way of putting it. Yeah she's a force of nature energy levels. One of her friends
 followed her around for a day with a stopwatch timing her speech and estimated that she spoke
 70 000 words a day which is a lot that's a short novel. Wow. You just gave me a like
 lightweight. Yeah I could do that my lunch time. That's quite a weird thing to do with someone
 estimate their word count. I think there are a lot of sort of crazy people in the 20s just going
 around being fabulous around Tallulah she's like this is my caddy this is my word counter how many
 have you done so far was that like the original pedometer. She had an amazing voice didn't she
 that's what she's quite famous for she had a very deep husky voice. She said in the autobiography
 that her voice has been likened to the mating call of the caribou. Gosh I listened to her on
 desert island discs and that explains a lot actually. It explains why all the caribou ran into
 you for me. What if you heard her voice because I haven't actually heard her voice. You know like that.
 Well darling, well well. Does she have tanny? Does she say words? Was I her daughter?
 I'll give you one of the things she actually said this is the thing she actually said she said
 I'll come and make love to you at five o'clock if I'm late start without me. She said that on desert island discs.
 Roy probably did not know where to look. We're going to move on to our next fact.
 Okay it is time for fact number two and that is my fact. My fact this week is that this year
 an invisible statue made of air went to auction with an estimate of five thousand pounds.
 The piece sold for thirteen thousand pounds and the winner went home with literally nothing.
 Well that's not quite true he had a certificate to prove he had nothing to go home with.
 It's amazing. It's incredible yeah so this is an artist called Salvatore Garrao and he's done a
 couple of art pieces where it's invisible. This particular piece is has he has he really has
 he done has he done fuck all in fact. I have to say I buy into it. I'm probably in the minority
 but I do likely I do that as some as soon as someone says let's imagine we're saying right now in
 front of us is a hovering Yeti. We now all know that I've said there's a hovering invisible Yeti
 there. It's there. Would anyone like to buy it? Okay that didn't go well. No so this was an art piece
 that was called I Am and that's the English translation. Yes that's the short version the
 full title is I am thirteen thousand pounds richer thanks to you suckers. So the the instructions for
 if someone was buying this was that you need a room that is five foot long and five foot wide.
 Oh my gosh so you've got to buy all of the extras as well. You've got to buy a room to put it in.
 Lighting and environment are optional due to the fact that it doesn't exist. Could you put it
 outdoors or would the weather. Yeah you can put it outdoors if you like. So we can get weather
 damaged. Is it fungible or non fungible? He does know what that means. Does anybody. Does anybody.
 This is very very controversial though I should say because he is being sued by another artist who
 also created nothing. Oh interesting. I know this is a guy called Tom Miller who's a performance
 artist from Florida and he said that he was the first person to do an invisible sculpture.
 We might go on to the fact that many other people have done that as well but he says
 that he did it and what he did was he went into like a community area and he got a load of people
 to pretend they were moving blocks like almost like building the pyramids or something so they
 just put some empty stuff here and then so it's like a performance of making an invisible sculpture
 and he's currently suing Salvatore. Yeah and he said he easily could have found out that I had
 done this previous to him. All he needed to do was google Tom Miller nothing and that would have
 and you're like I don't know. Why would you ever do that? Why would you ever do that but we should
 all if any of us has any artistic endeavor going forward should google Tom Miller and then whatever
 it is. Just a double check. Have you guys familiar with Tom Friedman as another artist? He produced
 a piece of work which again it's like the idea of everyone buying into something and sort of
 investing something with meaning I do think has a lot of merit actually so Tom Friedman came up
 with this work of art which is a sheet of paper and it's called A Thousand Hours of Staring and
 it's a sheet of paper that he spent a thousand hours staring at and then just displayed. It's
 still empty still completely blank but it's called A Thousand Hours of Staring. It took him five years
 just 1992 to 2007. To be fair to be an expert at staring at a piece of paper you'd have to do
 ten thousand hours with him. That's true. That's an amateur. I'm paying for that. Was that Tom Friedman
 you said? That was Tom Friedman. So Tom Friedman did another one called Untitled A Curse which was
 again just an empty pedestal but he had employed a professional witch to put a curse on an invisible
 sphere above it. Similarly on eBay you can buy things that are not really things. There was a
 man who sold a ghost in a jar but he said I will not be responsible for the black spook that comes
 out if you take the lid off and the bidding went up to 55,000 dollars. No. Yeah but the final bidder
 didn't buy it didn't didn't pay just disappeared so I think the ghost was bidding against everyone
 else to stay in this man's house. But there was also a haunted rubber duck sold on eBay.
 A rubber duck that according to its owner had the power to possess children. The seller said he
 would not be responsible for the duck after shipping. He will not field questions or help to
 explain its unusual mystique. The duck sold after a week making him a profit of $107.50.
 So if you put just any old crap on eBay and say it's haunted people will bid for it.
 Everything you've said I will have bid on it at that point.
 Don't you remember we were in Newcastle a few weeks ago and we were chatting to the
 night porter after hours we were having a few drinks and he said that the boxer Chris Eubank
 Jr had been there the day before and he was outside and taking selfies and doing signatures
 and stuff like that. And some Joddy came up to him with a microwave and said will you sign my
 microwave please. And he signed his microwave and then it sold on eBay for £60,000.
 There's video footage of it it's amazing. Have you heard of Mauricio Catalan? No. I love we're
 on a roll with these great artists now. So Mauricio Catalan this was an exhibition in fact in 2012
 the Haberd Gallery in London they hosted an exhibition of drawings of art about invisibility.
 So there was a pedestal that Andy Warhol had stood on briefly to kind of create an anti-statute
 whatever. Mauricio Catalan produced a work of art based on a claim that he had made
 that in his car he had been keeping an invisible work of art. The car was then broken into and the
 artwork stolen. The work of art that he claimed had existed was not the work of art that he
 submitted. What he submitted was the police report by the police who had to take it seriously
 and investigate his claim that the invisible work of art had been stolen. Wow and you can see it in
 the museum this police report which he got a copy of. And the police took that seriously? I don't
 know how seriously. I mean I guess the car had been broken into so that's that's breaking and
 entering if nothing else. I don't know I don't know how long they looked for it. It must be nice
 to be a man because when women commit for report crimes we just don't get the same sort of response.
 We're going to move on very soon so let's get a few more couple of things in here. I've got one
 about signing something. Yeah sure. Okay and making something invaluable, invaluable. In 1922
 all my facts are from the 20s just by the way. I love I just love and revel in the 20s it's where
 I belong. And I'm back in them. Oh I've just realized. This is amazing. What a good moment. I'm in the 20s.
 But Einstein was once at Tokyo's Imperial Hotel in 1922 and he didn't have any money to tip the
 bellboy. So instead he wrote him two notes. The first said a calm and modest life brings more
 happiness than the pursuit of success combined with constant restlessness. And the second said
 where there's a will there's a way. In 2017 guess what that first tip sold for? So the physical
 handwriting. Yeah it was the note the calm and modest life one guess what it sold for. A few
 grand I should think. Same by Einstein. Five grand. I'll say 20 grand. I'm gonna go a million.
 1.56 million. Yeah. Wow. The second one got a mere quarter of a meal but it's because it was a
 bit of a cliche he wasn't really trying. Where there's a will there's a way. Come on Einstein you
 could do better than that. There's a story I don't know if it's true but there's a story that Mozart
 if he was passing someone on the street and they asked for money and he didn't have any change on
 him that he would quickly grab a pen and a quill and would quickly write a quick little song
 and give it to them and say sell that and get
 it wasn't one of his famous ones was it? It was because I don't know if this is true
 but yeah but he would just do that. Would he do a new one's bespoke for you? Yeah yeah he would
 just go ask you. It doesn't sound very good. It doesn't matter if it's good or not. It's Mozart.
 It's yeah it's Mozart. He could write. It could make a tune but the point about Mozart is that
 he was really really good. No but he was. This is a change. This is. It's not going to do a symphony
 if he's just trying to give someone you know for hours you know this is like when you go to when
 a famous person used to go to places where they would kind of think is it possible that when I
 give them the check with my signature on that they're going to keep the check and not bank it
 because it's worth more to them and me not so that would be the trade off. Well there is that story
 I think it's supposed to be by Picasso who was in a restaurant and he hadn't he had his meal and
 they said can you uh instead of paying can you draw me a picture and he drew them a picture
 and then they said oh would you sign it Mr Picasso and he said no I want his pay for the
 dinner not for the entire building. What a dick move to say that. So what you're saying is Mozart
 basically invented the cameo app. Yes to an extent. The original so you'd say to your friend oh
 you know you love that Mozart don't you he just he just wrote me this. He gives it to the guy yeah
 and then the guy just sells it saying I've got an original Mozart. Well yeah he goes then to
 a sort of yeah who's he going to? He goes to the the institution of music and and they take it
 and they go wow yeah okay classic armadillos let's get this but we um we we do need to move on uh
 to our next fact. So it is time for fact number three and that is James. Okay my fact this week
 is that the doomsday vault in Svalbard which keeps backups of more than a million of the
 world's seeds gets regular requests by men who wish to deposit their own seed there.
 I saw this on a youtube clip by an account called Veritasium and they went to this doomsday vault
 in Svalbard where they keep all of these seeds and the idea is that every country can put seeds in
 there and if they have any problems if you know if there's disease that kind of kills off some plants
 then they can bring their seeds back out and they can regrow the plants and hopefully it will help
 the diversity of the earth. Now there is a lady who manages a vault called Benta Nevedal and she
 like said lots of things that was happening there but one thing she said is they often get letters
 from men asking to deposit their semen and she says that they never answer those letters that's
 all I can really say about it is that they never answer them but on a fairly regular basis they
 get these requests. Wow okay well good to know why I didn't get a letter back.
 It's like an extremely strange dick pic isn't it really just saying can I deliver my semen into
 your grain stores. It's one way of putting it it's pretty comparatively direct way of putting it.
 I mean I don't see that there's a more charming way to say it. So this seed vault is very important
 for mankind we think. The reason it's in Svalbard so Svalbard is an island group very very far
 north it's owned by Norway we might get into the entire ownership later but kind of owned by Norway
 it's way above the Arctic Circle and the reason that they put it there is number one hardly any
 people there so that's good very little tectonic activity so it won't get hit by earthquakes or
 anything like that. It's also really cold so it means that if the freezers kind of fail it still
 won't defrost because it's so cold there but most of all it's really really high up and if all of
 the polar ice caps completely melt it will still be above sea level so that's why they put it right
 here at the top of this mountain. Yeah right. I actually know a man who was raised there.
 Really? Really? Yeah in Spitsbergen. Sorry I think it meant in the vault.
 No in Spitsbergen which is the coldest place on earth and it's an extraordinary place Spitsbergen
 you have to have a gun when you leave the house because of bears but weirdly my the guy I know
 Sven he was raised you know you have to go out with a gun to shoot bears but when I was reading
 about it it said is although that is true it is also illegal to shoot a bear. Oh really? A nightmare.
 A nightmare but it's the lowest power it's got the lowest crime rate in the whole world
 and anyone can live there you can you don't have to have a visa to go there but there's a reason why
 people don't go there it is all ice all snow in every single direction and it is a very very tricky
 old place to live. It is a mad sounding place the hole is felt bad sounds completely mad so
 what you just said about crime there very low in crime if you commit a crime you can be sent home
 you can be sent away from the hole is felt bad because they just don't have the facilities
 or the time to look after you yeah there are six police officers and there's one detention cell
 and in 2013 there was a crime wave where crime went up by 800% wow now that sounds bad but
 actually what it meant was the year before there was one barb roll and that year there were nine
 barb rolls right it's so weird like there's so many reasons that they send people one is you
 can't die there so you can you can technically die there but then you get sent away so burials don't
 and let that be a lesson to you they say waving you off you are allowed to die but you're not
 allowed to be buried it's not illegal they won't yeah they won't jail you if you die there but
 they will send you away you can't be buried there because and for the reasons that James was saying
 about the fact that you know if all the ice melts and so on if that happens at any point
 with burials if the ice goes down let's say flues or whatever that might be
 still in the bacteria in the body uh that could spread and that that's very dangerous they found
 some bodies um that still had the Spanish flu in them so they buried them in 1990 1980 and
 something like that and it's in permafrost so it's really really cold and they dug them up and
 the bacterium was still alive it's like nature's cryogenics really isn't it yeah yeah yeah and
 you can't be but you can't be born there either yeah so did you say your friend was born there
 well he was raised there oh okay his parents were in fact Austrian I'm telling too many
 details about him now but his parents were Austrian but I don't know if he was born there
 he's definitely they may not have introduced the rule when when he was being born but basically
 they don't have any facilities to give birth so you if you're pregnant there you'll be sent to the
 mainland um a few weeks before your due date so that you can have the baby there and then bring
 it back although there aren't many I don't think there are many are there many children there they
 are because I know it's the most northerly kindergarten in the whole world so there are very
 small children there at least unless it's a very empty kindergarten and they used to have one of
 the world's most northerly cats there uh until this year unfortunately the cat died um but the cat
 was uh brought to Svalbard though you're not allowed cats on Svalbard and the reason is that
 they have lots of birds there it's like the ecosystem is really really you know it's a real
 problem if cats come in and start killing things and so the only way it managed to get onto the
 islands was by pretending to be a fox and when I say pretending it was the owners that pretended
 it was a fox but yeah they had to dress up their cat as a fox to smuggle it in I'll be honest I think
 they just filled in the form as a fox but yeah I want to think they dressed it up as a fox
 it's really to story honestly it's a really cute little ginger thing it looks at fox like I reckon
 and people would come from miles around to stroke it because it was the only cat in the
 whole of the country and unfortunately it died although there are rumors of a few other cats
 in the area so you never know most things that are open there are shops and schools and so on
 could you say of them that they are the most all the most it's all the northern ones so they've got
 the northernmost airport they've got the northernmost fully serviced hotel um they've got the northernmost
 school hospital and they also have the world's two most northerly lennon statues so yeah John
 John or the other one the other one I'm so sorry then sorry the other one Vladimir Iliac the other
 one yeah yeah but what I would like to see is no such thing as a fish donating a John Lennon statue
 to Spitzbergen great I did I think we will do but it'll be invisible
 you'll only talk about the polar bears on Svalbard yeah sure so the polar bears are really
 interesting they found something quite recently about them in the last five or six years and that
 is they eat dolphins okay not only do they eat dolphins dolphins are pretty big and the polar
 bear can't get through a whole one and so they freeze their leftovers and they come back to them
 later this is amazing there's a guy called John it looks like John arse but I think it's Ors
 it's double a r s John well let's call him John arse he found out he like was watching these polar
 bears and he found that they were going getting these dolphins eating some of them and then digging
 a hole in the in the snow putting them in there covering it up and going away and then coming
 back and getting it later wow uh John arse also by the way gets emails every morning from several
 female polar bears what that's kind of his job hot gets emails polar bears in your area
 well global warming I guess yeah they're too hot cool them down um yeah so what happens is they put
 a load of um trackers on the female polar bears in the area and every morning they are set so that
 they send him an email so he gets into work turns on his computer and he just gets a load of emails
 saying where all the polar bears are obviously because you're the scientist you get to pick
 the subject line of the email he should absolutely make the subject line whoa yeah yeah well that just
 sounded like Tallulah bank heads oh darling imagine getting one though in the morning that just says
 subject line I'm behind you um we do need to move on to our final fact it is time for our final
 fact of the show and that is Andy my fact is that Tina Turner is currently suing a Tina Turner
 lookalike for looking too much like Tina Turner and there's an image on the screen here for those
 of you listening at home it's hard to tell the difference but on the left is the impersonator
 the tribute act she's called Dorothea Coco Fletcher she to be fair she looks pretty pretty
 like Tina Turner and she's an incredibly good singer and she's been touring around Germany
 Austria and Switzerland with a Tina Turner show and Dorothea is 50 years younger than Tina Turner
 nonetheless Tina Turner's lawyers are maintaining that it's too hard to tell which of them is Tina
 Turner which of them is not and that the average punter could be misled into booking tickets for
 Dorothea's show when they actually were hoping to see Tina Turner despite the fact Tina Turner hasn't
 gage for years this legislation has been going on and on and on and you know there it's been going
 on for about two years actually these various legal tussles between the two camps and the lawyers
 for the show the Tina Turner tribute show say that only a chronically stupid person could mix up
 the two I don't know I think they look kind of similar I mean you know this is that is I'm not
 saying I'm not chronically stupid but it's a that photo is I think Tina Turner in her 80s or 90s
 phase so she would have been a bit closer in age to Dorothea now she is in her 80s now she's an
 octogenarian and I sort of love her hootspur that she's like no because someone might think that 30
 year old it's me yeah it's me and I'm not having it yeah well she had it from the get-go there was
 a story and Tina Turner is not her real name Anna Bullock is her name yeah Anna made Bullock and
 Tina Turner was a creation by Ike Turner who was her husband at the time abusive husband a very
 famous story of how she broke free of that and sort of rose above but he at the time came up with
 the name Tina Turner and he supposedly trademarked the name because he thought if Tina ever leaves
 he can just swap in another singer and use the name Tina Turner kind of like sugar babes exactly
 just continue the band. Imagine doing that to your wife what a lovely fucking guy
 that is a level of evil it's beyond anything any normal human being could think up in my opinion
 I don't think he was a nice guy and I'm not sure if I'm alone in that but I'm beginning to think
 he wasn't either but she's got the trademark for Tina Turner now hasn't she? I think in the divorce
 in the divorce basically she got nothing but she did get the name and that was literally the only
 thing she got but it did give her the freedom to be able to go on and do that great things. What
 right to feminism to go all I need is my fucking name and I'll do it all on my own and 40 years from
 now I'll be suing younger tributaries to oblivion but this happens a lot doesn't it? The the acts
 suing tribute acts happens all the time it happens in so many cases one that I was reading about
 was a guy called Pete Rossi who someone said to him you seem very similar to Meatloaf why don't
 you do an act Pete Rossi said yes so he started traveling around the UK as Pete Loaf and you
 can't see that guy. He's annoyingly spells it differently PEAT but he um he faced a million
 dollar lawsuit from Meatloaf for doing it and he eventually met Meatloaf and Meatloaf kind of
 then went do you know what you can do it and so he's able to still travel around doing it but yeah
 for a while. Interesting yeah because I guess sometimes it's just like the companies that are
 doing it right or the management that are doing it and then yes exactly yeah yeah exactly Bon Jovi
 had a very similar thing with an all-female Bon Jovi tribute act where even in the writing
 you kind of sound like Bon Jovi we're going we don't really want to do this but do you know what
 they were called? I can't remember do you? No I just I love the names I love the names that
 be the names are amazing because there's there's wrong Jovi and then there's a there's a heavy
 metal Abba tribute act called Abba Toa which I think is brilliant there's an all-girl Led Zeppelin
 called Led Zeppelin I mean there are so many good rolling clones I really like Shirley Bassey's
 looky like is called Shirley Bassey I like the Oasis band Oasis isn't which is really nice and
 then they get a bit crap favourite crap one is the Black Sabbath tribute act which is just called
 Slack Babeth it's beautiful I really like that tribute act is it elbow the band have got a tribute
 act called arse no oh that's fantastic yeah 1949 Proctoring Gamble launched a radio advertising
 campaign for a shampoo using a jingle and a character that they created called Tallulah the Tube
 they were sued by Tallulah Bankhead oh my god yeah for uh closely being identified with her
 they were using her it's a very unusual like if it was Steve the Tube for instance should be exactly
 the same yeah and they settled outside a court one thing on the celebrity lookalikes yeah or people
 working as lookalikes the thing is that you're really pegged to the person you're a lookalike for
 obviously and there's a risk that that person might have some reputational damage okay so there was a
 piece in piece of the Guardian by a great channel it's called Tom Lamont in 2016 it's about lookalikes
 where the celebrity is then as it were cancelled so a Tony Blair impersonator who started off in
 1997 incredibly popular lost all his work uh and he used to work with he was called John Broly
 and um he would work with Cherie Blair aka Caroline Bernstein they you know they went all over the
 place being Tony and Cherie together opened a ride at Alton Towers together they lived the high life
 and then when the Iraq war happened nothing career completely completely you know dead yeah
 I mean they're the real victims of the Iraq war I'll say
 look I'm not I'm not putting them high on that list I'm just saying and anyway don't worry they
 got so sad for them they got lots of more work after 2007 when he came out of office um we're
 going to have to wrap up soon guys um you don't want to wait you're talking about Cherie Booth
 um one of her relations or ancestors the most famous one probably John Wilkes Booth
 so John Wilkes Booth who shot Lincoln in 1865 when that happened there was a man who looked
 almost exactly like John Wilkes Booth and he went around America and basically was almost
 lynched on three separate occasions within a week he kept going to a pub he would go into a pub
 he was called um he was called Jacob Haas and he would just walk into a pub with his friends
 and everyone there would go that's the guy and they would just rile on him and they had to convince
 him that he wasn't John Wilkes Booth and then he would go to the next town the same would happen
 and the next town the same would happen you'd get a label or something wouldn't you although it's
 suspicious actually wearing a big I am not John Wilkes Booth t-shirt more suspicious of anything
 a few final uh tribute act names I found the most northerly um lookalike
 yeah Svalbard lookalike yeah there's a cab driver who looks like Rod Stewart in Svalbard
 his name is Nils Engen and um he's 65 years old he said he's constantly being mistaken as the singer
 500 people in Svalbard they must have been they must be wise to the thing now
 well what you get in a cab in in a in a town made of ice in the dark and think oh Rod Stewart's not
 doing as well as he was I mean he gets paid a million a week just for Maggie May I just don't
 think he does it for the love Deborah he does it he loves driving apparently the tightest man in
 show business never buys around well maybe people started tipping him all and they got out of the cab
 he could afford to um I don't know sorry I wasn't saying that taxi driver was tight I was saying
 Rod Stewart was tight I don't think we were sorry you're saying the taxi driver's the tightest man
 in show business he knows really tight that fucking Norwegian cabbie
 you know Brian Cox the actor he's in succession so Brian Cox the actor was dark as a he joined
 equity uh when he was a young man and he found out there was another Brian Cox inequity nightmare
 can't use your own name uh but he hadn't worked for ages this other Brian Cox good news so Brian
 Cox sent the other Brian Cox a begging letter saying you know dear Brian Cox I'm another actor
 with your name it seems like you haven't worked for a while I would be so grateful could you please
 let me play under my own name I'm also Brian Cox right sent this off okay didn't hear back until
 he got a letter soon after that it was from another Brian Cox and it said I I really want your name
 I'm another Brian Cox and it turns out Brian Cox had forgotten that he joined equity many years
 before and wrote him a letter to himself begging for his own name
 amazing okay we need to wrap up that is it that is all of our thanks thank you so much for listening
 if you would like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we've said over the course
 of this podcast we can be found on our Twitter accounts I'm on at Shriverland Andy at Andrew
 Hunter and James at James Harkin and Deborah at Deborah FW and you can also go to our group
 account which is at no such thing or our website no such thing as a fish.com all of our previous
 episodes are up there Brighton that was awesome thank you so much for having us that was really
 wicked we'll be back again for another gig and listeners at home we'll be back again for another
 show next week we'll see you then good bye
