 We run it on QI a few years ago.
 Which was, there's no such thing as a fish.
 Yeah, there's no such thing as a fish.
 No, seriously, it's in the Oxford Dictionary of Underwater Life.
 It says it right there, first paragraph, no such thing as a fish.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of "No Such Thing as a Fish"
 a weekly podcast coming to you from the QI offices in Covent Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I'm sitting here with Andy Murray, Ani Chazinski, and James Harkin.
 And once again, we've gathered around the microphones with our four favourite facts
 from the last seven days and in no particular order, here they are.
 Chazinski, fact number one.
 My point is that if you got into an argument in 18th century Aversinia,
 you could resolve it by blaming everything on the camel.
 The camel.
 On the camel, yeah.
 Well, all arguments about who had eaten the hay.
 I think it's another all crimes, but yeah, we're perpetrated by camels.
 Blamed on the camel too much, he's bound to get the hump.
 Hey, how long have you been planning that?
 Yeah, so this was first recorded in Bruce's travels into Aversinia to discover the source of the
 Nile. And this book was written between 1768 and 1773, and it was his travels around Africa,
 trying to find the source of the Nile.
 And he observed this tradition.
 Wow.
 So what exactly does it involve?
 What he said was, he came across a town where the townspeople had been fighting for several days
 when it was agreed upon by the elders of both parties that nobody had been to blame on either side,
 but the whole wrong was the work of a camel.
 And so the townspeople rounded up this camel, they chose a camel around him, I guess.
 You can't round up one camel.
 Well, it was a very clever camel.
 It was a criminal camel.
 It was seized and everyone in the town gathered around and one by one, they speared the camel.
 And he recalled that they upgraded the camel with all the wrongs done.
 So they told the camel everything had done wrong, shouted at it for a while.
 Each one of them speared it, and then apparently it retired fully satisfied as to the wrongs
 they had received from the camel.
 So yeah, there's quite a long history of blaming things on animals, isn't it?
 Like scapegoat, for instance, famous one.
 There was a case in St. Kilda, I think, where a great orc was accused of being responsible for a storm
 that had ravaged St. Kilda. It was captured and put on trial and found guilty and stoned to death.
 This is a real animal, presumably. Or it was like a bird, right?
 A UK is a bird, it's nuts.
 No, it's extinct. That was one of the first things I ever researched with QI was the Great Orcs,
 I joined during the G-Series.
 They used them for everything on St. Kilda, didn't they?
 Yes, they used filmers and gannets and orcs and they ate porridge for breakfast, which was,
 you know, sprinkled with great orc shavings and they had, they had, yeah.
 They used to go and kill them in their thousands, and the men would just walk around because they're
 flightless. They would go to the islands where they flocked, and they would just go around clubbing
 them to death because it saved ammunition, so you didn't have to waste bullets killing them.
 And then the last one was seen, you know, floating out at sea in the mid-19th century.
 And that was it, it's never been seen since.
 Wow.
 Awkward.
 Oh my god.
 Ancient Egyptians used to, when, like, they felt they'd been particularly simple,
 used to sacrifice an animal and lump all their sins onto this animal and sacrifice it,
 and then they'd sell it to foreigners.
 They'd sell it to great foreigners because they didn't want to eat the sin non.
 Classic to use the foreigner joke.
 So this was where we got the scapegoat from, is that right?
 Now the scapegoat is from the Torah, from Jewish folklore, I think, and what they would do is
 on the day of atonement, the Jewish high priest would lay his hands on alive goats, confess all the sins
 of the children of Israel and then send it away into the wilderness.
 There's like a Santa Claus who just gets the naughty list, but then has to deal with it.
 The ancient Greeks used people for this kind of purpose, didn't they?
 So they would have a person, I think it was often a disabled person, who they would, again,
 they'd pile all their sins upon this person and send him into exile.
 And that would be that person taking their sins away.
 And he was called a pharma cos, which is where we get pharmacy.
 Pharmaceuticals is from, because he would remedy the sins of a community.
 Yes, it's amazing.
 Yeah, it's quite a cool word origin and sort of unpleasant.
 Was there a reward for it beforehand? Did you live quite well before you were cast out?
 Yes, you did. You used to be treated as kind of a blessed and cursed.
 So they'd be preserved and they'd be, like, they'd be hosted around the village.
 Does that not make it worse? Because, like, the difference between being sent into the wilderness
 and just having a normal life is one thing, but the difference between that and having a really
 great life is even worse.
 Yeah.
 Well, Tom Hanks explores this theme in the film "Jo versus the Volcano," I believe.
 If you remember that one. I've seen that, no.
 I didn't know that was a great philosophical, three times of a film.
 And the QIs gain was news that reviews lots was there.
 Camels? Does anyone have anything about camels?
 I do.
 Go on.
 Google, you know, Google Maps.
 I do, yeah.
 Yeah, so Street View?
 Yeah.
 They've had one camel with a camera on its back walking the Liwad Desert.
 That's good.
 Yeah, it's basically a camel who's mapped one of the deserts, one of the great deserts.
 One camel.
 Just one camel.
 That's a lot for a camel to do.
 Yeah. His name's Raffia.
 That's a great name.
 Yeah.
 150 kilometers southwest of Abu Dhabi.
 And, yeah, just went through it.
 Is it on its own?
 How do they know?
 How do they direct it?
 Well, in the picture that I've seen online, there's a dude walking it.
 You can train camels to go in certain directions by giving them food if they go in one way,
 and then they'll keep going there because they think that's where they'll find food.
 And that's a way that they transport drugs across the Sahara.
 Oh, yeah.
 They train these camels to walk from Western Africa all the way up to the Mediterranean.
 They train them and train them and train them.
 And then they put the drugs on the back of the camels and they don't need any human assistance at all.
 So if they get caught, if the camels get caught by the police, then there's no humans too.
 No, but again, camels getting blamed because they're the camels going to be the one that takes the rap.
 Camel milk is more nutritious than camel, isn't it?
 Is it?
 Yeah, I don't know why they don't drink it in Australia, for instance,
 where they've got more camels than anywhere else.
 Or they're all feral.
 They started selling in America.
 Why wouldn't you?
 Yeah, they do.
 And I think they're trying to make it into a baby milk as well.
 Australia sells camels to Saudi Arabia.
 Does it?
 Yeah.
 Saudi Arabia also imports sand for use in construction.
 Exactly.
 So the Saudi sand isn't good for construction, whereas the Australian one is.
 And also the Saudi camels are for breeding and racing,
 whereas the Australian ones are good for meat.
 I've got, I was looking into just general excuses because I do like that.
 That's the scapegoat, but it is also just a fantastic excuse to sort of say,
 let's no longer argue about this stuff.
 And so, okay, so some of my favorite sporting excuses.
 Yeah, this one comes from US sprinter, Lachon Merritt.
 Oh, yeah.
 He was banned because he did a drug called DHEA.
 I'm not going to try and pronounce the longer version of that word.
 But he claims it wasn't to improve his performance.
 He claims, this is a quote, I was trying to make my penis bigger.
 It's he didn't realize that they had this kind of drug in it.
 It was to improve his performance, but it's just not an interesting one.
 Yeah, it would probably not help his spotting performance at all, would it?
 It's still, it could be where it could be a high jumper.
 This is an interesting one.
 I don't know, you know how high jump works.
 Yeah, you leave that behind, yeah.
 Here's another one.
 So, okay, there's a cyclist called Tyler Hamilton,
 who, do you know about this one?
 I know him.
 Okay, so he got busted because they'd found someone else's red blood cells.
 Oh, yeah, which suggested that there was all this thing about replacing your blood and stuff.
 His claim was that it was his unborn twin.
 He said that his mother had a twin who died.
 Weirdly, medical authorities have said that that's plausible.
 That could definitely happen.
 Yeah, it's called chimeraism, isn't it?
 How's it?
 And the idea is that you had two babies and then at a very, very early stage, one of them
 was enveloped into the other one.
 It could be even just when it's a few cells.
 And it means that you can sometimes people who have one eye, which is different color,
 that could be cut due to chimeraism.
 But also, yeah, it's really interesting actually.
 Yeah.
 Okay, so blaming people.
 Blaming your mistakes on other people is socially contagious in the same way that a yarn is.
 So, they've done studies and they found that when you watch someone else blaming someone,
 then you will blame someone yourself.
 And that's more likely to happen.
 Wow.
 So, there can be a culture of blame.
 Yeah, that's amazing.
 Also, you just mentioned in your name because it made me yarn now.
 So, thank you for that.
 Actually, I think it was probably that sort.
 Okay, time to move on to fact number two.
 And fact number two is my fact.
 My fact this week is that in ancient Greece, they used to play with yo-yos.
 Now, I know that everyone in this room is not surprised by that as I am.
 But I just find it amazing.
 It's incredible.
 Yeah, eyes amazing.
 Oh, okay.
 Because James and Anna seem to know that.
 But I saw this.
 I went to a Wikipedia page.
 Yeah, I thought they just played with Xboxes.
 There's actually called them Kai boxes.
 Exciting, exciting.
 Very good.
 There's a vase and there's an illustration on this vase of someone from ancient Greece,
 a boy playing with the yo-yo.
 And I looked at that and I was like, what the hell is that doing there?
 It's really weird.
 It's so out of place in time for me.
 I'll say to James earlier, I feel like that's like, if I was looking for evidence of time travel.
 And I didn't know stuff about history, which now I know it's not time travel.
 But I didn't know that that was...
 I think that's the only one there is that jar, I think.
 And I don't think we have written evidence of it.
 So, and I don't think yo-yos reappeared until quite a lot later.
 So maybe he was a time traveler.
 Wow, and he made onto a vase.
 It makes you think as well that if you did get put back in ancient Greece as a time traveler,
 then I know I have no uses.
 But I do know how to walk the dog and rock a cradle in yo-yos.
 I would instantly be Mr. Popular.
 You'd be on all the vases.
 I'd be on a planet.
 To be fair though, we only have that one vase,
 because almost all the vases in the world have been smashed from that time.
 So, yo-yos, by you.
 So maybe it's that maybe every single vase...
 How do yo-yos?
 ...in a piece of yo-yos on it.
 But they do think they do think it appeared in ancient China way before.
 There's three locations that they kind of say it could belong to.
 Ancient Greece, ancient China and the Philippines.
 The Philippines is less so of a strong argument,
 except for the fact that they call it the yo-yo.
 And that's where America adopted the word yo-yo from.
 But in Philippines, they used it as a weapon.
 We thought on QI, certainly, that yo-yos were never used as weapons.
 And we got quite close to running it as a general ignorance on the show.
 And I don't think we did in the end.
 But then I read something by President Acquino III of the Philippines,
 and he reckons that they do have evidence that it was used as a weapon after all.
 So according to the president, it's true, but we still really don't think it.
 He said that their version that they used was large and with sharp edges and studs
 and attached to thick 20-foot ropes for flinging attendees or prey.
 I've heard a different etymology for yo-yo, which is the...
 It was known in France in the late 18th century as the Juju de Normandie,
 which just means a little toy.
 So that's another possible one.
 Okay.
 It's one that's, again, you look into the history of it,
 and suddenly it starts appearing everywhere.
 Napoleon's army, it says online, the...
 Fort with yo-yos.
 No, just used to play with them in the kind of downfall.
 Yeah, I read that Napoleon played.
 I mean, surely that's a myth.
 There are paintings of, yeah, the Napoleonic army, aren't there, with yo-yos.
 Almost all pictures of people playing with yo-yos in the 18th, 17th centuries are adults.
 And it was a really fashionable thing to do.
 You get Parisian ladies in the 18th century playing with yo-yos.
 It's so cool.
 As they're walking along with their parasols and their smart clothes.
 I think it was quite trendy.
 It's so great. I just didn't know it was such a big deal, the yo-yo.
 It was a big deal when I was a kid.
 Yeah, me too.
 Between the eighties, late eighties when I was a kid,
 it was massive in school.
 We all had yo-yos.
 Same in the nineties.
 It was when it was voted the biggest fad toy of the 20th century,
 because every childhood has had a yo-yo being a big part of it.
 Yeah, there was a massive one in 1988.
 And they, the company that made this particular type of yo-yo sold a couple of hundred in 1987
 and more than half a million in 1988.
 How come?
 It just became a massive fad and everyone in every school had to have one.
 The company that made them was called PMS International.
 It's a really pissed off woman looking for something to occupy her kids.
 You used to be able to become rich and famous for scale-extric in America.
 Yeah, it was massively popular in the 1960s.
 They used to show live tournaments on US TV.
 And there were more slot car facilities and there were bowling alleys in America.
 That's in the 1960s.
 And today, there are none.
 No way, yeah.
 What's a slot car?
 So it's like, you know, scale-extric.
 It's the same thing, it's just like...
 It just slots in on a little sort of plugs into the track.
 Another famous toy car, maybe the most famous toy car.
 Yeah, go on.
 Brum.
 Brum.
 Oh, wow, he's a cartoon from the Netherlands.
 Brum, the little car who goes on adventures.
 He's not a toy.
 What's the toy, you know?
 What about Hot Wheels?
 They were quite famous.
 Yeah, I was going for bigger.
 I was going for the Kozy Coop, you know, the one I mean, right?
 No, it's for the car.
 Is the red and yellow car...
 Oh, yes, you're all kids.
 You have that as a kid, yeah.
 There's a kid that you sit inside.
 Eyes for a kid.
 Oh, yeah, yeah.
 Yeah, one of those.
 So that has been the best-selling car in the US.
 It was throughout the '90s.
 And last time, the last also happened from 2008.
 In the US and the UK, it sells more than any other make-of-car.
 That's great.
 That'd be great if that was the rescue plan for General Motors.
 Well, we've actually got a new model.
 We are very excited.
 And it's going to reinvigorate the American car in the street.
 Well, it's not a long way from smart cars, are they?
 No, that's true.
 Yeah, but they're closer to flinstone cars as well.
 Well, that's similar to the fact that Lego is supposed to be the largest
 tire manufacturer.
 Yeah.
 You know you can buy a Lego Nazi concentration camp.
 It's just been...
 Yeah, you can.
 Yeah, it was designed by an artist.
 And I think it was bought by the Warsaw Jewish Memorial Museum
 or something.
 And so it's not meant to be...
 Right, so it's not a commercial product?
 I don't think so.
 They've said that Lego people are getting angrier
 as the years go on out there.
 Yeah.
 You have expressions.
 Can I tell you about Twister?
 Yes, I love Twister.
 I love Twister so much.
 Did it in ancient times?
 This is not an ancient Greek game.
 No, no.
 That'll be correct.
 Yeah, it's on the other side of the bars where they've never lived.
 Well, they have ancient Persian rugs with the circles on that line of Greek.
 So, okay, the inventor is a guy called Reign Goya.
 Reign Goya, I think, is his name.
 I don't know how to pronounce it.
 But he wanted to call it pretzel.
 Although one of his initial names for it was King's FTSE.
 But the thing is it tanked when they first sold it
 because people thought it was risqué.
 Did they sell it a sex in the box or something like that?
 Well, other people complained, supposedly,
 that other manufacturers, or possibly the bosses at the other firm, which made it.
 And they were going to give up.
 Sears didn't want it for their catalog.
 And one last ditch attempt they had was to get it on a TV show.
 And the PR firm pushing Twister got it onto the tonight show with Johnny Carson.
 And he played a round of it with Eva Gabor,
 who was a sex symbol at the time.
 And the next morning, the queue was 50 deep.
 And they sold 3 million that year.
 Wow.
 And it suddenly took off because that won appearance on TV.
 It's weird because toys, if they take off, they really take off.
 Yeah, especially toy helicopters.
 My little, I went to see my little niece recently.
 It was her birthday.
 And I was shocked that there's a whole new toy
 that's dominating everything in its looms.
 Looming is the biggest thing.
 Is that kind of like loom bands?
 Giant, weaving looms.
 Yes.
 And you use rubber bands, and you loom bands around your wrist.
 You make necklaces.
 All that.
 It's the biggest go.
 Walk by any kid's shop at the moment.
 Look in the window.
 It's all looms on display.
 Get this.
 In 2008, the National Toy Hall of Fame awarded
 oldest toy to the stick.
 Also, the cardboard boxes in that hall of fame.
 Is it?
 Yeah.
 Oh, I imagine that Christmas and your parents go,
 "Good news, we bought you something from the Toy Hall of Fame."
 Time for backing number three, and that is Andy.
 My fact this week is that most honey bee hives in the USA
 live on trucks, on flatbed trucks.
 They do not live in fields where you might think
 or in stationary apuries.
 Most bees in the USA are driven around
 and rented out so that they can pollinate plants.
 They never find a home.
 They just, the truck is their home.
 I think some, I don't know about how it happens during winter,
 but I think during the summer season,
 there are billions of bees being driven all over America.
 And they stop and they're released to pollinate a crop.
 And then they go back to the hive in the evening,
 or whenever it is they finish doing all the pollinating,
 and then away they go.
 They're dressed as a colony collapse.
 It's partly because of that.
 Yeah, although colony collapse has slowed down.
 They're not sure why.
 But even so, a third of all bees in America die each year.
 They think it's because of these chemicals
 used called neonicotinoids.
 I thought bees would die within a year.
 The lifespan is really variable,
 depending on how hard they work.
 So I think as with people, I think we're all in our late 80s.
 I think worker bees in hot weather,
 where I think they have to work harder,
 and have a lifespan of about six weeks.
 And then if it's a cold year,
 then they can last about 10 months.
 They move around slowly, then they're sort of sluggish.
 The other thing I read about old bees
 is if you give them a job that normally young bees do,
 then their brains stop aging, or even reverse aging.
 They get younger, then.
 They're like doing Sudoku for them.
 Yeah, apart from I don't think the young people
 are doing Sudoku these days.
 If you started playing with looms,
 then your brain would go down.
 Or if you teach an old bee to play call of duty advanced warfare.
 Yeah, cool.
 And the brain chemistry can change, can't it?
 So I think honey bees do lots of jobs.
 So there are certain worker bees, adjust workers,
 and drone bees, et cetera.
 But honey bees do lots of jobs.
 And when they switch from one job to another,
 their actual brain chemistry changes.
 And I think they're one of the only animals it's known to do that
 in order to adapt them to the other job.
 But they do, so we do need them to pollinate our crops, do we?
 I think pollinate a third of the world's crops.
 They're responsible for $20 billion worth of food production
 in America alone, I think.
 Don't flies pollinate flowers more than bees do?
 No.
 Well, lots of other things do as well.
 So there are 20,000 species of bee,
 which know, and the honey bee is the one that gets all the press.
 So the agave plant, which tequila is made out of,
 is pollinated by bats.
 Yeah.
 The cocoa plant is pollinated by midges.
 Yeah, midges.
 But we're about to go through all the plants.
 That's what they pollinate.
 This is my, this is my last chance.
 This is my last chance.
 This is my last chance.
 I've never been invited to a party again.
 Are you drinking tequila?
 Oh, I can't help it.
 Noticing you're eating an orange.
 I wonder if I can tell you about the pull-in action of the orange.
 It's a peanut, fuck up.
 There is a bat.
 If you're listening to this, stop what you're doing
 in Google, the tube-lipped nectar bat,
 because it has the longest tongue proportional
 to its body look of any animal.
 It's longer, I think, than the animal itself,
 or it's 2/3 of the animal's length.
 And it has such a long tongue.
 It has to keep a bit of it in its rib cage.
 And they specialize in pollinating and drinking the nectar from
 these flowers with incredibly long trumpets.
 So that's what they have to do.
 They have to have this unbelievable tongue.
 Wow.
 I found a great headline to do with the trucks carrying all the bees.
 Oh, yeah.
 And the headline is this.
 It's someone who made a connection.
 Why are so many bee carrying trucks crashing?
 Apparently, in the last few years,
 there's been serious problems with these trucks
 that are carrying the bees overturning on the road,
 smashing down and releasing millions of bees into the road.
 Just millions swarming everywhere.
 Presumably, that happens mostly not on motorways,
 but on b-roads.
 I enjoyed that.
 So they crash, they crash.
 Yeah, they crash.
 And they release all these bees.
 It caused us hell for them.
 There was a really funny thing of there's been, like,
 2 to 3 of these major crashes, millions of bees throughout.
 At one time, another truck came along that crashed,
 but it wasn't carrying bees.
 It was carrying honey.
 And it spilled, so you're like, 200 gallons of honey,
 which attracted just thousands of swarms of bees.
 And so they had another bee crisis on their hand.
 And then you have to get them,
 the right ones back onto the truck, when you fix the truck,
 and you have to separate them.
 Plenty had a theory that if honey bees were caught outdoors at night,
 and they had to camp out, basically,
 and they would sleep on their backs to protect their wings from the dew.
 But in many ways--
 Which was rubbish, right?
 It was rubbish, yes, it was, and remains rubbish.
 Oh, god, see, that's hell.
 That's hell.
 Interesting.
 I was like, "But not true."
 That means--
 Have you heard of the superhero, the Red Bee?
 No, he's one of the worst superheroes of all time.
 I just-- I love him.
 And his identity is Rick Raleigh.
 He's an assistant district attorney in Oregon.
 And his motorcycle brandy is to put on a red and yellow costume.
 And he has trained bees with which he fights Nazis.
 And this is from the Wikipedia page for the Red Bee.
 His favorite bee is named Michael,
 and lives inside his belt buckle for use in special circumstance.
 This is so hard.
 OK, time for a final fact.
 And that is James.
 OK, my fact this week is the Sacramento Police Department
 get at least one call a week from people stuck in the world's largest corn maze.
 That's really funny.
 Wow.
 I could tell by the way you laughed.
 No, it was-- I just like the thought of it,
 of just the phone ringing in the station.
 So how big is this corn maze?
 It's 63 acres in size.
 So what do the police do when they're called?
 Often the police will get into the maze,
 and then they themselves will have to call it the bigger police.
 Yeah, until it's kind of like a conger line that they can actually find.
 Yeah, I think they just calm them down really,
 because it's mostly that people are like freaking out a little bit because they're stuck.
 OK.
 And then presumably the owners of the maze and can then go in and sort it out.
 There was-- it must be a nightmare of being like,
 OK, we shot at six.
 Kind of clock now, there's something there.
 We shot at six, but last entry is at 9.30 in the morning.
 That's when you know you're in a serious--
 There was a guy in England who had a maze.
 It was quite-- it wasn't like a big like corn one.
 It was a small one.
 And he was mowing it.
 He was mowing the path.
 And he got to about halfway through.
 And then he realized he had to go to his daughter's school thing.
 And so he had to leave.
 But he couldn't get out of his own maze.
 And so he just used his lawn mower and just plowed straight through
 and gave himself an exit.
 Oh, that's the worst maze now.
 Yeah, exactly. He said-- I've just found the article.
 He said, "I'd already had feedback suggesting the maze was tricky to negotiate
 before I became lost myself.
 Next year, I think I'll make it a bit easier."
 Next year, I'll listen to the bloody feedback.
 But yeah, mazes, in general, they're pretty good on that.
 I love mazes. I've been on mazes for ages.
 I don't think I've ever been to a maze.
 Really? I don't know.
 Let's all get a Hampton Court.
 In Germany, mazes are called "Irgarten" or "Era Gardens."
 Oh, yeah.
 How good is that?
 Yeah. That's good.
 But they used to be-- so mazes grow out of labyrinths, is that right?
 Yeah, so labyrinth is a maze with only one entrance and exit.
 So you can't get lost in it.
 You just go straight and you come straight back out.
 Well, lots of mazes have surely got only one exit and entrance.
 Do you mean-- Sorry, they're half.
 No, no, no, no.
 Yeah, so you walk in and you keep walking.
 Yeah.
 You get to the middle and then you get back out again.
 And there's no way you can't turn left or right.
 You just have to go in that direction.
 I see.
 Because yeah, there's all the stuff about the labyrinth
 that greet with thesis in the mind at all.
 But you wouldn't get lost in that.
 You wouldn't even need a thread.
 So labyrinth just effectively a more complicated walk.
 What was the purpose behind it?
 So actually, it does look nice.
 But people used it for like religious reasons sometimes
 or because it's a very particular pattern.
 One way that you could do it is you would walk in and on the way
 into the center of the labyrinth.
 You would be thinking about your problems
 and then the way out you would think about your solutions.
 It's also the contemplative thing.
 Apparently like also Norwegian sailors would go through
 these mazes just before they went.
 They would be good luck.
 So they used it as a charm thing sometimes as well.
 I read another theory either symbolising
 the hard life of an early Christian
 or showing the entanglements of sin or my favourite.
 You would be like doing a mini pilgrimage
 if you were committed to small sin.
 Go to Hampton course.
 But like, it's cheating because labyrinths are quite fun.
 Or mazes are quite fun.
 But I think it's like go and have a long walk
 and think about what you've done.
 I suppose so.
 Yeah, that's it.
 Gone a long walk, but stay within this.
 Stay within sight of me.
 We close at six.
 I think they've found a maze in Peru
 that's more than 3,000 years old, I think.
 So it's in the Peruvian Andes
 and it's beneath Chavinda Huantar,
 which is this ancient site.
 And the whole maze is underground
 and they think that it has a ceremonial
 like massive and disorienting acoustic chamber.
 Because if you go down into it,
 the way that it's built means that your voice bounces off the walls
 madly and like if someone else in another part of the maze,
 you can never find them and you think
 they're coming from a different direction.
 And if you're above the maze, it sounds absolutely terrifying.
 And they found at this site all these kind of trumpet things.
 And if you blow the trumpets, it sounds like a torture thing.
 Yeah, I think so, yeah.
 So you get lost in this maze and also sounds are coming from everywhere.
 There's an old Scandinavian punishment
 called the Cave of Roses.
 And that was, you would go into a dark cave
 and then they would throw a load of poisonous animals at you
 and you'd just have to stay there for a while
 and then come out and hopefully not be bitten.
 Really?
 It's a bit like I'm a celebrity kind of.
 Yeah.
 Cave of Roses is a misleading title.
 It looks.
 They all have misleading names, torture equipments,
 because you very rarely get one
 called the incruciating footcutter-offer thing.
 There's one called the pair of anguish, which is a piece of metal, right?
 And it gets put into your mouth and then I think it's expanded
 and it hurts your door terribly, or it's heated and, you know, it's all--
 But the pair, you know, oh, pair.
 Oh, I have a pair of anguish, not so good.
 If a judge has a bit of a knife
 for the amateur dramatic side of things, he's sent.
 I sent it to you to eat a pair of anguish.
 People make noises and do weird things.
 And finally, I think I said you something recently,
 down of Brian Blatt's face was turned into a maze slash a circle thing.
 That's right, yes.
 It's pretty great.
 Yeah.
 In the November, 2004, election in America, a farmer carved giant faces
 of John Kerry and President Bush into his cornfield in Pleasant Grove, in Utah,
 which I just think when farmers do that, you're ruining your crops, right?
 Yeah, they do it to bring in tourists and stuff, don't they?
 Dragonly make that up.
 Well, I mean, let's all go and see John Kerry's massive face.
 Yeah, massive drawer.
 In a place formally known as Pleasant Grove.
 By studying sheep in mazes, they've found that when left to their own devices,
 sheep tends to turn to the left.
 When they're left to their own devices, when they're not constantly being bothered.
 Would you just leave me alone for a bit so I can think?
 OK, I'm going to go to the left.
 You can make an infinite maze in a finite room if you use virtual reality.
 And they've made these particular types of virtual reality.
 It is, but it's quite clever.
 They've made these particular types of virtual reality.
 And the illusion is so strong that people keep walking around.
 And they don't realize they're going around in circles.
 So you're walking around in one room, but it feels like you've walked miles, but actually,
 you haven't.
 That's OK, that is really clever, isn't it?
 That's really cool.
 That's because I saw a thing online about a Japanese janitor who had drawn a maze.
 Did you read about this?
 Oh, yeah, do kind of remember it.
 His daughter dug it up in amongst his papers, just found it.
 It was a piece of paper, and she put it online, and everyone listening.
 If you want to see something amazing, just go look at it.
 It's the most intricate, and she sells it now.
 She sells prints of it because it's so beautiful.
 And when you said infinite and it was in virtual, I kind of thought,
 oh no, when you look at this, this looks like it just goes on.
 You know when people say the coastlines are--
 It's the idea of fractals, so that the closer you look in at something, it just gets more
 and more complicated.
 So it's just infinite in terms of--
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 But to be fair, I bet that the corridors were pretty dirty.
 No one can find anything in the school anymore.
 I've found out about ways you can navigate if you are lost just in an urban area.
 OK.
 One great way of doing it, satellite dishes almost all point in the same direction.
 In Britain, they almost all point to the southeast.
 Oh, wow.
 Also, going downhill is normally towards the river or the coast, if you're in a coastal place.
 And if you're lost in the morning, you can find a station by going against the flow of
 people, because everyone's going to work from the station if you're in the centre of town.
 And if you're lost in the--
 Oh, you might be going towards a huge fire.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 It's not a perfect system.
 But let's end with some stupid reasons for calling 911 or 999.
 There was a man who received a letter asking him to attend a hospital appointment on Tuesday,
 the 6th of February, and he called 999 to tell them that Tuesday wasn't the 6th.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Oh, yeah, so I think the Cornish police force released a top ten list of the most ridiculous
 emergency calls they'd have.
 And I think three of them were bird related.
 And so one of them was a woman saying, "I can see a really rare bird sitting on top
 of a telegraph pole.
 Who shall I ring?"
 [LAUGHTER]
 I read a thing on-- it's doing the rounds on the internet at the moment.
 It's not particularly funny, because it was a lady in distress, but it was a really interesting
 thing where--
 She called up 999911, and she goes, "Hi, I'd like to just put in an order for a pizza,
 ham and cheese."
 She said, "Signing pepperoni."
 And they go, "Sorry, ma'am.
 This is the police."
 And she goes, "Yeah, I know.
 I'd love to get a ham and cheese pizza, please."
 And they go, "What?
 Sorry, you know this is the police?"
 Yeah, so do you need me to tell you my location or do you know-- do you know-- is there something
 going on there?
 Yes, there is.
 Yep.
 How long will that be?
 Okay, ma'am.
 We'll just find your location.
 We'll be there very soon.
 Yep, quick, hurry.
 We're very hungry.
 Kind of thing.
 Like she kept--
 Oh, really?
 It's me.
 It's me.
 It's a famous phone call that the guy who took the phone call released.
 That's nice.
 It was a domestic abuse call.
 Right.
 And they tracked it, and they worked out that that guy had gotten trouble before twice
 for a domestic abuse.
 And they were like, "This is definitely a sincere call."
 Right.
 That is really--
 And well done for the operators, realising--
 Yes, yeah.
 Yeah.
 In June of this year, a woman in Birmingham, phone 999, because she was unhappy with how many sprinkles
 she had been given on her ice cream, and they were all on the wrong side, as well.
 Maybe she found 99.
 Okay, that's it.
 That's all of our facts.
 Thank you very much for listening.
 If you want to get in contact with any of us about the things that we've said over
 the course of this show, you can find us at the end of the video.
 You can find us on @QiPodcast.
 You can also get us individually on our Twitter handles.
 I'm on @Sriberland, James, @EggShaped, Andy @AndruhondaM, and Anna.
 You can email podcast@Qi.com.
 And yet, that's it from us.
 We're going to be back again next week with another episode.
 No such thing as a push.
 We'll catch you then.
 Good bye.
 [Music]
 [Music]
