 Hey everyone, big news, no such thing as a fish is turning three.
 Yeah, it's our birthday coming up on March the 9th and we are going to celebrate it by throwing a big party.
 Well, actually, it's a live recording, but we're calling it a big party.
 And if you want to come along, it's going to be in London.
 It's going to be at our regular recording venue, which is up the creek, which is in Greenwich.
 And we're going to be starting at 7.30pm on the 28th of February.
 Tickets are going to be going on sale this coming Monday, the 20th of February.
 And they're going to be available at qi.com/fishevents and the tickets will go live at 11am.
 It's going to be really fun. There's going to be balloons.
 I've just decided. I've just decided. There's going to be balloons and cake, cake.
 We're going to have a cake and Andy is going to do a strip tease and it is going to be packed all together with a live recording.
 You'll get to see a show recorded live.
 So please come along, go get the tickets. Again, they'll be available at 11am.
 Monday, the 20th, go to qi.com/fishevents.
 Okay, on with the show.
 Three-year-olds birthday party for strip tease.
 And also if you're not interstripping and you're into wearing stuff,
 then we have a hoodie.
 No such thing as a fish hoodie.
 And you can buy that by going to qi.com/hoody.
 And we also have t-shirts and we have vinyls, but they've just had a big new delivery of the hoodies that come in basically.
 All the sizes you could want.
 And it has on the back of the hoodie a huge list of our headline facts that we've done in the first year of our podcast.
 You want to celebrate the end of winter and the return of wall weather with a new hoodie?
 Go ahead and come slash hoodie.
 Okay, on with the show.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of no such thing as a fish, a weekly podcast coming to you from the qi offices in Covent Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber and I'm sitting here with James Harkin, Andrew Hunter Murray and Anna Chazinski.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts from the last seven days and in no particular order.
 Here we go, starting with you Andy.
 My fact is the doomsday clock was originally set at seven minutes to midnight because the artist responsible for it thought it looked good.
 Those were literally her words.
 She was a lady called Martil Langsdorf and she was asked to come up with a cover for a magazine, basically, but the magazine was the bulletin of atomic scientists.
 And she said it looked good to my eye when she drew the doomsday clock at the original thing.
 So the doomsday clock for anyone who doesn't know is is a sort of theoretical clock saying how know we are to the end of the world.
 And it's put together by a body of atomic scientists and nuclear weapons experts and they have just moved it.
 So we're now two and a half minutes to midnight, which is just about the closest it's ever been.
 I think at one point it might have been on two minutes.
 Yeah, I think it was on two at one point. Yeah, you're right.
 Yeah, it was. It was around Cuba Missile Crisis time.
 No, that's the weird thing.
 They didn't move it for the Cuba Missile Crisis. Do you know why?
 What?
 They had no idea what was going on.
 They said we just don't have any data to make a judgment.
 Ah, but it wasn't the newspapers.
 Yeah, I don't think they knew whether the missiles were being primed or loaded or whether they were going to get to Cuba or
 but that's one of the times where they didn't change the clock at all.
 So were they this artist?
 Hey, was she an atomic scientist as well by night? No, it's by day or?
 No, she was married to a guy who worked on both the magazine and was also part of the Manhattan project, I believe.
 He was one of the scientists who was helping out on that.
 She was just asked to design a cover.
 So she wasn't even designing a Doomsday clock as such.
 She thought she was going to do a U, the letter U, for uranium as the cover.
 But she noticed in the talk that a deadline was sort of looming and she thought,
 like a clock going to 12, it's just on its way kind of thing.
 It's an analog clock as well, isn't it?
 So we don't know for sure that it's not like two minutes to midday.
 Yeah, absolutely fine.
 Oh, that's great. We're whole 12 hours away.
 I think they gave us not very much wiggle room by putting it seven minutes to.
 And I think that's causing the problem now, isn't it?
 Because actually the world could get much, much more dangerous before catastrophe.
 And so for instance, now is the first time that they've only added half a minute rather than a full minute.
 Yeah, because clearly we're getting closer and closer to midnight,
 but you don't want to say we've gone a full third of the way closer.
 It is like a parent saying, I'm going to count to three to a naughty child.
 And like one, two, two and a half, two and a half, two and three quarters.
 Do they factor in for when the clock's going forward?
 I think the important thing for everyone listening is that there is no scientific basis
 or proper scale to this clock.
 They just kind of wing it. There is scientific basis as in.
 It's a load of scientists who come up with it and assess whether the world is more dangerous or less dangerous.
 Yeah, but it's sort of an arbitrary scale, you know, they haven't actually worked out.
 This is 20% more dangerous than it was yesterday in it.
 But it's just, I think it's just 10 scientists and security experts and they just get together in a room, don't they?
 And they just kind of discuss things.
 And then at the end of the day before they crack open the whiskey, they go, okay, what we're going to say?
 Two minutes. Pretty much that, isn't it?
 So the Manhattan project, you know, when it was underway.
 So this is when they, obviously, Oppenheimer and co-exploded an atomic bomb.
 They discussed at the time when they were planning the Manhattan project, the possibility that it could, in fact, blow up the entire world.
 So one of the guys working on it, Edward Teller did some calculations and he said that it was possible that the explosion they generated would create this
 vision reaction that generated heat so intense that it would trigger, run away fusion in the atmosphere.
 Now, I only know what a few of those words mean.
 Essentially, the explosion was going to generate such a huge heat that the fusion in the atmosphere would spread all around the world.
 And the world would explode.
 We'd basically become a sun, which is like the sun's energy comes from nuclear fusion, isn't it?
 Yeah, exactly.
 I really like that Oppenheimer said at one point, and this is before the Manhattan project, that in an interview he said,
 "Two great loves are physics and desert country. It's a pity they can't be combined."
 And then he actually had the chance to marry his two great loves.
 But marry them by blowing one of them up.
 My third love, of course, is tiny uninhabited islands in the South Pacific.
 So on the end of the world, there are lots of stories recently about preppers, I think, like us.
 And people, so there's been a recent news story that everyone is buying a house in New Zealand.
 Everyone, everyone who's anyone and has a billion pounds is buying a house in New Zealand.
 My buddy Reese bought a house in New Zealand recently.
 He's from New Zealand.
 Yeah, he lives there.
 I don't think he counts as a prepper in that case.
 Because they think it's less likely to be bombed because everyone basically likes people from New Zealand.
 They're pretty innocuous people.
 But what about Mordor? That's there. That's very dangerous.
 That's true. That is a rogue nation, if ever there was one.
 But did you know, before the American election in November,
 prepper meal firms, a lot of them saw sales triple in the three weeks leading up to the election.
 Wow. Yeah.
 Which is substantial because people were thinking it's all going to kick off once we've had the election.
 Do they think that would be his first move?
 Literally get into the White House, the red button.
 I was reading a prepper's list of things that you take into your bunker with you.
 Should the apocalypse happen, do as they arrive?
 This was actually a crack article and they were saying that one of the things that's on the list
 that sticks out as quite odd is non-lubricated condoms.
 And they say you should have lots of non-lubricated condoms.
 Lubricated condoms?
 So cracked, they start saying, okay, it kind of makes sense.
 Imagine if there's a big group down there and suddenly STI starts spreading.
 So you want to make sure that in any sex that that's happening.
 But then you think, okay, why non-lubricated condoms?
 Turns out that condoms are incredibly practical as a thing to have.
 It's almost like if you were out in a bare-grill situation with nothing.
 You can carry water in them, can you?
 You can carry water in them, where it's called the...
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, I can carry two leaders.
 They're non-lubricated as well.
 I'm just going to put a bottle in the bunker and carry my water in there.
 You'll be totally around your condom.
 You can put them around your head and blow it up with your nose.
 Yeah, for fun, yeah.
 Because you need entertainment in these bunkers, very dry places.
 You can make a slingshot out of them.
 No, you can't.
 Yeah, you can.
 So, there's the Prepper's Journal and they have 11 ways a condom can save your life.
 And one of them is make a slingshot and it acts as the actual bit of rubber that you pull back on.
 And they show you how to make it, so you carve out the wood and then you strap two condoms and tie them up.
 That's going to save your life.
 It says a giant coming and you need to send a small boy to defeat him.
 And in the post-New Clear Landscape, there probably will be giants walking around there.
 I hope to be for this.
 Any other ways a condom can save your life?
 Starting fires, starting fire.
 Starting fires.
 That's why sex is such a dangerous business.
 That's the song.
 This sex is on fire.
 Due to this non-lubricated condom.
 It's that friction.
 Does it say how you might start a fire with a condom?
 Well, actually, it's not about starting the fire, it's about protecting Tinder from moisture.
 Not your Tinder app.
 It does feel like that list is compiled by completely insane people.
 Well, no, it's on this amazing site called Preparations.com.
 Yeah, I think they're completely insane people.
 They're really secretive as well.
 So the New York did a profile and the journalist writing the article was approaching
 possible preppers to interview them.
 And one prepper wrote back saying, asking to see my prepper stash.
 You just asked me one of the most personal things I've ever heard.
 That is effectively like going to someone's house, meeting their new girlfriend.
 Have you got any condoms?
 Yeah, he said.
 It's like saying I'd like to see her naked and have sex with her.
 So they are very secretive about it.
 That's because I think they're the kind of people who's prepper stash
 does contain 100 blow-up dolls.
 We should say that this is genuinely really quite widespread in America.
 So there was a study done recently that found 22% of Americans believe
 that the world will end in their lifetime.
 Another study, the National Geographic did, that said 40% of Americans,
 almost half, think that's stocking up on end to the world's applies.
 It's a more sensible idea than getting a pension scheme, getting a mortgage scheme.
 Right.
 If you don't get a pension, but you do have a lot of can food and water,
 you can, once you retire, just go and live in your bunker anyway.
 It doesn't matter that the world's starting.
 It doesn't really affect you whether the world's going on or not.
 It's the red time and everyone's always dreamed of. The windowless can food dependent
 30 years post-working life.
 OK, it's time for fact number two, and that is James.
 OK, my fact this week is that some villagers in the Central African Republic
 deliberately allow lions to live nearby so they can steal their food.
 So what would normally happen if if you lived in a village and there were lions nearby,
 you would always try and shoot them away.
 But these guys kind of allow them to live nearby.
 They don't try and get rid of them because what they know will happen is these
 lions will catch bits of meat and whatever, and then they can shoot them away
 or they can sneak upon them and they can grab the meat and they'll be able to eat it.
 Have you seen the video of people doing this though?
 With the lions.
 I saw the, no.
 What are you about to say? I bought up the YouTube page.
 Yes, I've seen the crown.
 Great, it's 10 parts series. Amazing.
 I've bought up the YouTube page and I saw all the videos but I didn't press play on them.
 So I saw the screen gram that holds the video, but I'm not the advert before it came out.
 There's a new Nokia, so I know you've actually seen the videos.
 I have the really good.
 So basically, I think I saw a video that was of the Derobo hunters in Southern Kenya.
 So as James says, this happens in various places.
 And what they do is they're about 10 lions gathered round a corpse, I think it's a gazelle or something.
 So 10 lions, males and females, and there are three hunters and they, you know,
 scrawny little humans and they just go up to them.
 I think two of them had little spears just wouldn't stick, essentially.
 And the key is confidence.
 And if you just stride up and look like you definitely own the show, then the lions just leave.
 So there's kind of a staring contest in a battle of wills.
 Walk towards the lions and the lions look up at them and sort of meet their eye and size them up.
 And then for some reason, this pride of 10 lions thinks, no, I can't handle these three small skinny men.
 And they go away, but they know they have to cut the meat off the animal really quickly.
 Because if the lions stay and watch them long enough and size them up properly,
 then they'll realize that actually I probably can take those guys back.
 So how do you do it at the end? You just walk off?
 Just walk away.
 Just casually stride away.
 Like these guys have read the game, but with lions.
 Just this is completely off subject, but about staring people out.
 Dan, what do you think is the record in the world staring someone out competition?
 So is this the same as a no blinking?
 So if you and I are kind of who's going to blink the latest, what you reckon, the two people who were in the final,
 a person who went out, how long do you think it was?
 I can't imagine. Is it 1962 between Kennedy and Christophe at the height of the Cuban Missile Crisis?
 That is pretty old satire.
 It's because we were talking about the Cuban Missile Crisis.
 It was timely.
 It was weirdly topical.
 Just going from my own eyeballs, your own record, you get my own record.
 I'd say no longer than half an hour or no, no, no, no, no, sorry, sorry.
 Well, half a minute, how do you think someone's not blinking for half an hour?
 James is asking what I think the record is, and I know it's got to be more than half a minute.
 So I'm saying half an hour.
 I'm saying half a minute.
 I believe it's about 40 minutes.
 No, that was one of them dead.
 And they haven't realised.
 That's amazing.
 Did you know that in Nepal, they do the same thing that James is talking about, but with tigers.
 There's kleptoparasitism, humans do this with tigers.
 But it's very often in Nepal elephant trainers who do it, and they do it by, they'll lead their elephants
 into the undergrowth to feed them and things like that.
 And then if there's a tiger nearby, then they take the elephant with them and they use the elephant
 to scare away the tiger, to scare the tiger off a carcass.
 So they employ the elephants as their henchmen in order to get the tiger to scarper.
 Wow, that's very cool.
 Here's the thing.
 So the worst time for being attacked by lions, as in the time it's most likely to happen,
 it's always bad.
 The time it happens most often is just after the full moon.
 Okay.
 And that's because lions hunt best when it's dark.
 And when it's light at night time, there's a full moon.
 They tend to not really hunt that much and so they don't eat that much.
 And so just after the full moon, they're really hungry.
 And so they're more likely to attack you.
 Really?
 You know how you lure a lion to you if you want it to come to you?
 With some meat.
 Yeah, you could look as Elkostiub and you front around looking incompetent.
 No, it's an interesting trick that's used by a lot of photographers
 when they're trying to lure them to camera traps to set off to take photos
 for jaguars and for lions.
 It tends to be men's aftershave.
 So with lions, a photographer that I was reading about said that they use old spice
 and what they do is they just spray it all over, say, the leaves of the area where the camera is.
 And that tends to lure the men.
 So the mass eye, obviously, are known for lion killing, the lion killing ways.
 And it's the right of passage in mass eye culture to use it.
 Yeah, when you hit adolescence, then you go out and you kill a lion and that means you're a man
 and it means you're very brave and you come back and the person you killed the lion
 gets to wear the mane on his head at special events and the tails all bejeweled by the women in the tribe.
 And they've started cutting down a bit now because lion populations are under threat.
 So it used to be more individuals that went out.
 Now it's more groups.
 But because there's a kind of increasing awareness about how lion populations are in trouble amongst mass eye people,
 that was in Kenya 10 years ago and even then I met a couple of mass eye guys who were campaigning in their tribes
 against killing animals because they don't think they should do it.
 So because there's this increasing awareness, they've started the mass eye Olympics as an alternative way
 for men to prove their kind of status in society.
 And they have all the same kind of skills that it would take to hunt a lion, like sprinting or long distance running,
 but they don't have to kill lions anymore.
 I watched, just thinking about humans living with lions.
 I was watching a video of, do you remember that Melanie Griffith, those pictures came out that she grew up with lions?
 Who's Melanie Griffith?
 She's an actor, very famous, but you might know her through, she was married for years to Antonio Banderas.
 And she was, whose daughter was she?
 To be Hadron.
 Yeah, to be Hadron.
 Oh, yeah.
 That's more your era, isn't it Andy?
 Yeah, yeah, absolutely.
 The 1962 good old days, Hitchcock was alive, the Rolling Stones were still good.
 The Cold Wall was still going, so all your jokes still made sense.
 Hey guys, what about those missile bases in Hungary, huh?
 Yeah, so Melanie Griffith, the actor, she, when she was growing up, lived with lions
 and there's all these photos of them playing in the pool, sleeping in the same bed and so on,
 her parents made a movie called Roar, which is a very, very famous movie in which they used actual lions and tigers in the movie.
 And a few of them, I think Melanie Griffith actually got a bit mulled in it.
 She had like a hundred stitches off the back of it, but you can see that footage on the DVD that they've released.
 But you can watch the sort of collected clips from Roar on YouTube of all the lion and tiger attacks in the movie.
 And it is nuts.
 And they lived with like 100 lions, the family itself.
 So Melanie Griffith grew up with these lions.
 Yes, I promise it was like 100 lions and tigers and you can see in the footage because they went, they went all in the house like it was an outdoor area.
 Just the sleeping arrangements sort of be that enough.
 We'll put you in the 98th bedroom.
 It still has got a lion in it, obviously. We have a hundred lions.
 But it's not one of the two rooms that I've got two lions in it.
 No.
 You'd never say yes to a sleep over would you?
 OK, it is time for fact number three.
 And that is my fact, my fact this week is that there is a Victorian time capsule buried in London that contains photographs of the 12 best looking women in England.
 So the 12 best looking from Victorian times.
 Yeah, well, yeah, not it would be an amazing fact of pictures of Kim Bessinger and started it now, wouldn't it?
 Still an incredibly old reference. You had to look at it closer.
 Yeah, I'm so here's the thing.
 I'm not fully sure and I don't know if anyone does properly know who these women were.
 So the phrase I kept coming across is 12 best looking women in England or 12 English beauties of the day and no one says any more about it.
 So this is buried as part of a time capsule, which is buried underneath Cleopatra's needle, which if you've ever been to London,
 it's on the embankments. It's on along the Thames.
 Yeah, only down the road from here, we could almost see it from our office.
 Can we get to the pictures to see who they are?
 They're buried, obviously, underneath in a time capsule.
 That's the point.
 When do we get to open it and have a look at these English beauties?
 They haven't said, but that's what's amazing to me.
 This is what I find very interesting about the fact is that there is this box buried underneath the Cleopatra's needle, which was brought and erected in 1896.
 There's things that were included in it where a box of cigars is a portrait at Queen Victoria.
 There's a written history about how Cleopatra's needle actually got transported to being on the embankments.
 And then there are 12 photographs of the English beauties of the day.
 And no one has seemed to have gone, huh, and said, who are they? Why is that?
 They just treat it like it's a normal thing you put in a time capsule.
 It's a load of really weird stuff.
 Like there's also a three foot high model of Cleopatra's needle under Cleopatra's needle.
 Yeah. Is that then underneath that? It's a three-centimeter one.
 The original Russian doll is really weird.
 That is strange.
 Yeah. And they've also inserted under one of the hydraulic jacks used to lift it up,
 because it was lifted by just four men using four hydraulic jacks.
 And it was hugely technologically advanced for the time.
 They consulted Joseph Fazzeljet.
 He was the person that they asked about how to get it onto the shore and whether it would be safe.
 People were worried that it was so heavy, it would cause the embankment to collapse.
 And Fazzeljet was, of course, the guy who designed the London sewer system.
 So he knew a lot by that point about what was underneath the earth in London.
 And he said, look, it's fine. It's made of London clay. It's safe.
 Dump it on there. And so they did.
 So we should say what Cleopatra's needle actually is before we go any further.
 So it's a, it's a, it's an obelisk.
 It's a huge ancient Egyptian stone sort of pillar covered in higher glyphs.
 And it's got nothing to do with Cleopatra.
 It should be called footmoses needle, because he was the Pharaoh who actually commissioned it.
 It's, you know, way, way, way longer ago than Cleopatra.
 And there are three of them, one of them is in New York.
 It's in Central Park, one of them is in London.
 And there's another one in Paris, but it's from somewhere else.
 Yeah. So that's what they are.
 Yeah. And Anna saying the worries about how placing it there
 was it going to go through the ground.
 The initial proposal for where it was going to be was outside the front of the house
 of Parliament. That's where they wanted to stand.
 And the Metropolitan District Committee said you can't do that because it's
 directly over one of our tube lines.
 And it's going to be too heavy and it's going to fall.
 The rumbles are going to topple it over.
 And then the weight of it once it topples over, it's going to break through the ground
 and stab a train.
 It's not that hard, come on.
 There wasn't their exact words, but it's a needle point at the top, isn't it?
 So it's not that pointy.
 I don't point you enough to penetrate it.
 It's not so big. It's much less weight than say a building.
 Yeah, like that's the thing.
 Yeah, like you would think that big Ben would be more likely to fall over and stab a train
 than that. Oh, yeah, it's very pointy big Ben, yeah, at the top.
 Yeah, it's very true.
 And also it's got these two Sphinxes which are facing it.
 And they are, firstly, they're the wrong way round.
 These massive bronze Sphinxes, they should be facing away from it,
 protecting it and actually they're looking towards it like idiots.
 And the other thing is that they were actually made in 1881.
 They're so fake. Yes, they're completely knock off Victorian things.
 Yeah, they're replicas.
 I went down there this morning to look at them and just see if I could see the...
 You were looking for the 12 beauties, weren't you?
 I was looking for a where...
 I thought they might have even acknowledged that maybe there was a time capsule somewhere,
 but they don't. But what you do see is there's a lot of things they tell you about the people
 who died in the process of bringing it over because there was a whole ship container
 that was built for it called the Cleopatra to transport it.
 And it got disattached during a storm, so they lost it for five days.
 They fell over and stabbed a ship.
 They just stabbed a fish. It came out like a sort of lovely cabab.
 This was insane. I think you're under selling it a bit, Dan.
 They literally built an iron capsule with sails on top,
 exactly slotted Cleopatra's needle into it and then towed it behind a ship.
 That's exactly.
 Really, answer the question. What, the men, several men died, didn't they?
 There was a storm arose and it was, was it the men going from the main ship
 to try and steady the needle? There was a lost at sea.
 Yeah, there was another ship that realized that there was,
 there'd been a big storm and they were in trouble and they sent some people on a little boat
 to try and rescue the people and those people on the boat died.
 But then I think you were saying Cleopatra's needle itself inside this massive container
 just floated around, lost it, see no one knew if it had sunk.
 And then someone just stumbled upon it. Yeah.
 And I think they thought, well, it's gone.
 It's, it must have, it must have gone down. It's gone.
 Absolutely terrible when they thought we've lost Cleopatra's needle.
 Because the thing is, before it was brought over, right, it was given to the British
 by the ruler of Egypt, who was called Muhammad Ali incidentally,
 to say thank you for winning the Battle of the Nile and the Battle of Alexandra against Napoleon.
 But the British government said, well, we can't really afford to bring it over.
 It was 1819. So they, they then waited 60 years, 59 years until 1878.
 And they said, suppose we better bring it over than they've given it to us.
 It seems churlish now. And then as soon as they try and bring it over, they lose it.
 Do you think, do you think when they lost it, they felt, well, we have this three inch version.
 Shall we just put that on display instead?
 We can only fit one photo of a beauty underneath it, unfortunately.
 So yeah, I was going to say, so that it has the names of the guys who died in that, in that process,
 on the back of it, facing the water, facing the Thames.
 And then underneath one of the sphinxes, you can see a little sign that says,
 the shrapnel holes that you can see in here are little holes that were made as a result
 of nighttime bombing in 1917 over London.
 And the bombs hit a tram and, and it shot off metal and so on into it.
 And so you could actually go up to the sink and put your finger through a bomb hole in the,
 Oh, it's a lot of control today.
 Well, we've lost everybody listening.
 You didn't, you didn't see it coming, did he?
 You could put your finger in a bomb hole.
 All innocence.
 On time capsules, while we've got that subject open, loads of them have been lost.
 So there's an international body called the International Time Capsule Society,
 which set up in 1990, and it reckons that there are 10 to 15,000 capsules worldwide,
 but that most of them have been forgotten and lost.
 Unfortunately, the International Time Capsule Society now says,
 we are not open anymore. We're not open for business.
 We'll be open in 2153.
 Did you see, did you see they accidentally dug up a blue Peter time capsule at the end
 of last year, or the start of this year?
 It was under the Millennium Dome, and they accidentally dug it up and damaged it.
 And they've taken all the bits out and put them in the office, and they're going to re-bury them.
 Yeah, and it's, I mean, it was buried in 1998 to sort of go under the Millennium Dome.
 And it is the most '90s collection of things you could find.
 So here's what they thought was worth saying.
 I bet you could guess some of them, okay?
 Is it one of the dogs?
 Yeah, one of the dogs.
 One of the blue Peter's.
 There's got to be newspapers of the day.
 Richard Bacon.
 There are loads of cocaine.
 It's better in mind, this was selected by children who were watching blue Peter in the '90s.
 Okay, was it not much cocaine?
 It was a small amount of cocaine.
 Oh, right, you want actual guesses.
 So think of some things to do with the '90s.
 Yeah, blue Peter badges, absolutely, but like really '90s things, that children's things from the '90s.
 A Spice Girl.
 A Spice Girl, correct.
 A Spice Girl CD, not bad.
 Was it?
 Yeah, absolutely. It's got a Tamagotchi.
 It's got a picture of Tony Blair in a high-vis vest.
 And it's got one of the great beauties of the day.
 It's got some felt from the roof of the Millennium Dome.
 What I think strange is like this blue Peter one, for instance, we know what's in it.
 And they were only planning to open it in 2050 or something.
 Yeah, presumably we're still going to know what was in it then.
 I think what they should do is put stuff in and keep it a secret.
 Like the 12 beauties, who are they?
 See, that will be a huge reveal.
 Yeah.
 You know the New York one.
 So there's a Clip Actress Needle in New York.
 Yeah.
 Egypt has asked for the one in New York back, because they're not taking good enough care of it.
 So this was a couple of years ago, the Secretary General of Egypt's Supreme Council of Antiquities
 wrote a letter to the mayor, who was Bloomberg at the time, saying,
 "I've seen some pictures of the obelisk that we kindly gifted you in the 19th century,
 and we've noticed that you're not taking good care of it at all, the hieroglyphics have rubbed off.
 It's chipped away at.
 If you don't remember it."
 "It's everywhere."
 Weird guy sticking his finger in it at various times a day.
 And he said, "We're going to have a duty to come and remove it, if you don't saw it."
 One of the first things they did when it arrived in New York was they gave it a thorough cleaning.
 They said, "This is too much, and it did a huge amount of damage to it."
 Yeah, that was pretty much on installation.
 Oh, come on, guys.
 I think we think there are only about 28 left, aren't there?
 And they were all in Egypt, obelisks.
 And I think Egypt only has six left, because it seemed to keep giving them away.
 Thank you, it's constantly.
 The Roman Stoll loads.
 I think there are as many in Rome as there are in Egypt now.
 Did we steal ours or?
 No, we were given it. We were given it for winning those battles.
 Yeah, I think we found it, though, as well.
 We uncovered it.
 It was British archaeologists over there who uncovered it, and so said, "Can we have that?"
 Oh, I didn't know that we found it.
 Yeah, it was found by a circus strongman.
 Oh, come on.
 Yeah, no way.
 Why did he not just carry it home?
 I've been able to. You could carry 12 people up on a, that was part of his act.
 He would hold people up on stage, 12 people on a sort of platform and walk across the stage.
 Really?
 But he studied hydraulics initially, and so that was his thing.
 So he was one of the most successful archaeologists of this time.
 I don't need hydraulics with these arms.
 Yeah, I'm pretty sure he was the one who found the obelisks itself.
 If not, he definitely was very much involved with Cleopatra's needle.
 I can't quite remember why, though.
 And he was quite strong, so he ruined a lot of things.
 So to get into sort of...
 Just come lend to get the pyramid in his side.
 Why do you think that guy missed a strong from the Mr. Membergs?
 Actually, all the pyramids used to have square sides.
 So his name was Giovanni Battista Belzoni.
 He was born in Italy, but he lived over in England.
 He was six foot seven tall.
 And he was known as the Patagonian Samson, when he was a strong man.
 And he found the tombs of rams he's the first.
 So he made some mega discoveries, but he used to like,
 battering ram his way through in order to get he destroyed a lot of things.
 Is that why he wanted the obelisks, so he could batter some tombs down?
 He just used it as a toothpick.
 OK, it is time for our final fact of the show.
 That is Chuzenski.
 My fact this week is that after women stop breastfeeding,
 they're breast eat themselves.
 And this is something we just found out about human women.
 And it's that...
 So what happens is when we're breastfeeding,
 then we have to produce loads of extra cells, which produce the milk for the babies.
 And so our breasts suddenly become full of these cells.
 And then when you stop breastfeeding, then you're just full of useless cells,
 which die and in normal circumstances,
 if you've got a bit of your body that are full of totally useless dead cells,
 that would create a huge immunoresponse to try and clear them up,
 which would be extremely painful.
 There'd be loads and loads of bruising, there'd be tissue damage,
 because that's just all this dead stuff hanging around in your body,
 that your white blood cells then have to come and eat up.
 So it would be really painful.
 So we've never quite known how it is that once we stop breastfeeding,
 we're able to get back to normal without any serious problems.
 Until now, when it turns out that they thoughtfully kill each other,
 these milk-producing cells.
 So once you stop breastfeeding, then there's a hormone release,
 which means that they stay quite close next to each other, the dead cells,
 and the live ones just swallow them.
 -Why? -And they just keep eating each other and eating each other
 until there are few enough left that the white blood cells
 rock up and swallow the rest.
 -Crikey. -But yeah, a breast of our themselves.
 -That was amazing. -That was amazing.
 Breasts are really intelligent when it comes to
 producing milk for babies. I asked Ash, so my best friend Ash,
 he has become a dad recently, and he'd been telling me a few things
 while Jackie, his wife, was pregnant about what breastfeeding, how it works.
 And he said that basically the nipple sort of listens,
 listens not being, you know, obviously, it has no ears, but it,
 it analyzes baby saliva to give the appropriate milk.
 And I looked into it and this is true.
 So what it does is, little bits of saliva when the baby is
 sucking on the nipple, makes its way into the nipple.
 And they say that the breast and the body of the mum actually
 manages to sort of diagnose what kind of milk the baby needs in terms of
 if it's actually a bit ill, it might need these, like the extra antibodies
 in order to make the baby healthier.
 So it kind of produces whatever kind of compulsion of milk.
 -It's really controversial that. -Is it?
 So there's not been any studies done on it, and it's also just very possible.
 And some people think it's much more possible that if you're producing more antibodies,
 it's just because whatever's making the baby ill is also making you ill.
 You've got the virus and so you're producing antibodies.
 But there's a lot of anecdotal evidence, you know,
 mothers say that my milk looks different when my baby's sick.
 -Yeah, there was famously a mother put a picture up on Facebook,
 which said, look at the colour of my milk because it's kind of changed.
 And the suggestion was, is that it was changing because it was adding more stuff into it.
 The weirdly science sometimes requires more evidence than a mum's picture on Facebook.
 -It's so weird. -Honestly, I'm not going to have colouring pics today.
 -No, I'm relying on 70,000. -Oh, wow.
 Well, then that does sound unequivocal.
 One thing that's true, and this is not from a mum's Facebook post,
 it is the past.
 No, one thing is that babies can smell breasts very accurately.
 And they're home in on them because after a woman's given birth,
 women give off from the breast these kind of secretions,
 babies can smell very clearly, and babies can smell them and react to them more strongly
 than they react to the smell of actual milk.
 -Oh, wow. -So it's like a homing beacon saying,
 "There is a breast here, make your way towards it."
 And then it's frustrating because most babies can't really move at all,
 so they just press nearby, and get really frustrated.
 There's nothing they can do about this.
 When they smell these secretions, they get more interested,
 and they sort of make more, you know, head movements and, you know,
 suckling gestures and things like this, then they do even when they smell milk.
 -So that's how they sort of... -I thought that was really interesting.
 I was reading about this for the O-series research.
 I was looking into ovulating, but very interesting.
 And this is related to lactation that in the olden days,
 when we were a hunter-gatherer society, we menstruated far, far less.
 I hardly menstruated so much to be honest.
 So we had far fewer menstrual cycles back in the olden days
 because women were breastfeed for much longer.
 So the average in hunter-gatherer societies now,
 then the average length of time he breastfeed for was about three years,
 whereas now there is a lot, I think it's about six months here.
 And so you'd either be breastfeeding, which suppresses your periods,
 or you would be pregnant, where obviously you don't get periods.
 And so someone worked out that back then you'd have about 50 menstrual cycles
 in your lifetime, which is hardly any, and now we have about 420, 430 menstrual cycles.
 And we're just not evolved to be able to cope with these constant wild fluctuations
 of estrogen and progesterone, because we're not supposed to be doing that.
 It's supposed to be kind of an occasional thing between being pregnant and breastfeeding.
 And then you're dead at the age of 25 or 30.
 Exactly, and then everything really drops off in all departments after that.
 I was reading about letdown. It's a phrase called letdown.
 And I think that I've heard it before down, I've heard the phrase several times.
 But it's obviously four people around the microphones right now who don't have children.
 So we might be saying a lot of very obvious things to parents in this chat.
 But I'd not heard of this.
 Just check it on Facebook and see if anyone's been here.
 So it's the fact that lactating can happen not just when the baby latches on to the breast,
 but things can spark it off.
 For example, if you show a mum a picture of her baby,
 she might let some milk loose just purely by seeing the photos.
 Isn't that incredible?
 Or even if she hears another baby cry because of a primal urge to soothe a child,
 knowing that soothes might just release some milk.
 Again, obviously most mums and fathers around the world are going, yeah, we know this,
 but I'd never heard that before.
 I remember reading the year or two ago about the idea.
 There was a study done that a lot of babies, especially mammals, I think,
 all kind of cry similar frequencies.
 And I can't remember why that would happen.
 Maybe you would look after other species.
 Yeah, that's what that would imply, isn't it?
 So if you're a stote, if you're a baby stote, you cry in the hope that there'll be a
 your mum, be another stote or see a weasel passing by.
 Or any, any mum will like it.
 And did you see that thing this week speaking of nursing other species?
 The woman in Peru who was being interviewed about floods in Peru at the moment,
 which had devastating agriculture, things like that.
 She was holding a piglet and as the interviewer was interviewing her, she lifted up
 her shirt and just started suckling the pig on their own breast.
 And the cameraman's so tactful.
 I would the camera swings away from that image faster than you can bring.
 It just suddenly takes a real interest in the surrounding scenery.
 Very weird.
 So there are obviously loads and loads and loads of stories about breastfeeding.
 You know, saints who miraculously started lactating when they were starving in the desert.
 So one of them is the Christian holy woman, Christine the astonishing.
 I seem to remember could Christine the astonishing fly as well?
 From her name, I wouldn't be surprised by anything she could do.
 I have a feeling she was in a church once and she flew up into the eaves of the church.
 So also in the Bible, they used to depict the Virgin Mary breastfeeding Jesus.
 But sometimes they didn't want her breast to seem sexy.
 So they put her breasts on her collarbone instead of a breast level.
 So there are all these pictures.
 It's less sexy. It is less sexy. It's more weird, isn't it?
 Which makes it a bit less sexy.
 Yeah.
 That's really funny.
 So there are all these pictures of having a breast of way up here and Jesus feeding on them.
 Did you know that?
 A possums.
 So you know, a possums like possums, but American.
 Their nipples grow up to 35 times their original length when they're being suckled.
 Did they start off really small, aren't they?
 Really, really long. They're quite normal size they get incredibly long.
 So baby possums climb up into their mother's pouch when they're very undeveloped.
 And they have to latch on immediately.
 And if you don't find a nipple really quickly, you die straight away.
 So you latch on and they latch on and then the nipple swells up inside their mouth.
 So they're locked on and they stay locked on for two months.
 So it becomes like an unbilical cord.
 It grows up to 35 times its own length down into the body.
 Yeah. What is that? Is not sexy.
 Oh my god. Yeah.
 It's weird, isn't it?
 And because it's so swollen up inside it, it's so latched on.
 If you try to detach one from the other, then you tear the nipple because they're locked.
 They're locked tight.
 Nope. No, no, no, no.
 No, thank you.
 Do you know the effect that breasts have on men?
 Yeah.
 Well, they have done experiments on men who they divided men into two groups.
 Normal men and pervert.
 No, they asked them to do the experiment like, you know, the experiment with children,
 we have a marshmallow now or too much amount later.
 So they said you can have one breast now or two breast later.
 No, they asked them if they would be willing to delay gratification to get a small cash amount now or a large cash amount later.
 And then they show the two groups of men, two different films.
 One of them was a woman running along a beach in slow motion, like in Baywatch.
 And the other was some countryside.
 Right.
 And the men who watched the other countryside, was there anything?
 Was it just, was there a piglet there?
 No, no, a piglet.
 There were no rutting balls.
 No, so just like boring countryside.
 And the men who watched the Baywatch style video were much like clear to take the small payout now
 rather than wait and defer their gratification.
 So it's believed that the sort of the neurochemical circuits of the brain get hijacked.
 And they're basically saying, pleasure now, take pleasure now.
 That makes a lot of sense.
 Okay.
 When I was researching this, I remembered a scene that I watched in a movie called The Last Emperor,
 which is about the Chinese, the final Chinese Emperor before Mao Zitong kicked him out of power.
 And there was, there's a scene in it where he's quite old and he's being breastfed by one of his nurses.
 He's like eight, nine, something like that in there.
 So I quickly looked into it and that was a thing of Chinese emperors that you can actually see.
 This really cool looking device, which is a big steel thing with a hole in the middle.
 And women who were basically auditioning their breasts or the emperor would come to have their breasts checked.
 And to see if they were giving enough milk and so on.
 So they would audition people and be like, you, why would you have a breast factor?
 Basically, why would they need the steel with the hole in the middle?
 Why, you don't need to put your breasts through a hole in order to breastfeed.
 But it was like the voice way you're not allowed to see their faces.
 No, so it wasn't a full steel door.
 It was just, it was just for the breast and there was a hole at the front where I, presumably, then you went through.
 How big was it?
 I would say a, a hard back book.
 Like the private eye annual.
 Like the, like no, small in the private eye annual.
 Oh, okay.
 But the third book of general ignorance, where is the previous books of general ignorance?
 We're a smaller format edition.
 Yeah, all available at qi.com/shop.
 And that is the worst plug for anything.
 One of our books, which are of different sizes to the breastplates,
 fully used to feed the emperor.
 Okay, that's it.
 That's all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we've said over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland James.
 That's X-shaped Andy at Andrew Hunter M and Shazinsky.
 You can email podcast at qi.com.
 Yep, or you can go to our group account, qi podcast, or you can go to our website.
 No such thing as a fish.com.
 We will be back again next week with another episode.
 We will see you then.
 Goodbye.
 [Music]
 (upbeat music)
