 Hi everyone, welcome to the bit in between Christmas and New Year, where you're not really
 sure what day it is and you've eaten way too much turkey. It's Friday, so that means it's
 a no-six thing. There's a fish day, and what do we have for you today? We have the 2018 clip show,
 all the best bits from this year that didn't quite fit into the actual episode, so it's all new,
 you've never heard it. They're all times when we were just too silly, too stupid, people were making
 mistakes, there's loads of outtakes, and we'll see you with a brand new episode in 2019. So please
 enjoy it on with the show. Oh, no. Okay, my fat this week is that it might look like Anna is
 drinking a pint of lime and soda, but that is a pint of wine. It's not. And this is not a podcast,
 this is an intervention. We love you, we're worried about you. It's not a pint of wine, it was a pint
 of wine. There was only one wine glass in the green room genuinely, and Andy hogged it, so I had no
 choice. Practically threw it at me, saying no, no, no, it's fine, I'll use this. Okay, none of this could
 go into the podcast, so. So according to Old English folklore, if you dream of gathering nuts,
 then that's a bad old man. There's an Old English proverb, which is a good year for nuts,
 is a good year for babies. Very true. Very true. Can you guess why that is?
 There's lots of nuts. Nope. Do people use to think that I want to not fell from a tree, it cracked
 open and a baby came out. No, they weren't idiots. No, it's because gathering nuts was like you do it
 undercover as like a way of meeting people at the office in sex. Oh, I see. So you're like, oh,
 we're just going gathering nuts. And then you plant your seeds. And there's a thing here we go
 gathering nuts in May. Yes. And May is springtime. So do you think that could be a sexy? Well, weirdly,
 that doesn't make any sense, because no, not your, I'm not rubbish in your theory. It's a really good
 theory. Thank you. The rhyme itself. Obviously, if you think about it, nuts aren't falling in May,
 are they? I don't know. Well, you know, it's awesome. They followed the art. Yeah. Yeah. Right,
 okay. Well, cool. That's all shaped, you know, suburbs, Murray. You do know what happens in
 Arton? Yes, Charlie. Conkins actually, yeah. Yep. Yep. There you go. With half a second's thought,
 we could have avoided it. I didn't. So here we are. I think we're all pleased we had to go through it,
 though. So what's gathering nuts in May? So actually, it's thought that it's the knots of May,
 which is something that they used to refer to Hawthorne. So they're just gathering Hawthorne,
 but that could have been a sexy thing to do as well, I think. Did you know that the first ever
 aircraft carrier was for hot air balloons? No. It was in the US Civil War, and they were used for
 reconnaissance, and it was called the General Washington Park Custis. It was a converted coal budge,
 and it had its deck cleared, and it was used specifically to store lots of the Union hot air balloons.
 That was the first ever aircraft carrier. That's very cool. That's very cool. But it didn't fly itself.
 No, much like a normal aircraft carrier today. They just bob around on the ocean.
 Excuse me. This aircraft carrier is not flying at all. I'm like a refund of my $50 billion.
 I'm only ever listened to far as the word aircraft.
 The story of the first nativity, I found quite sweet. So it was created by Francis of a CC. It was in
 1223. That was the first ever nativity scene, and it was because, you know, he was the
 patron saint of animals, wasn't he? He was always shown with loads of rabbits crawling all over him and stuff,
 in a nice way. It wasn't constantly tell you just with rabbits, fighting them off and having to kill
 them to get a bit of sleep at night. Why would these rabbits leave me alone? Trowning in rabbits.
 Yeah. When he got up for air to gasp for air, he said let's make an activity scene, because at that
 time the Bible was read out in Latin in church at Christmas, and no one knew what anyone was saying,
 and he really wanted it to become a bit more relatable for people and for them to actually understand
 what was going on. And so it was done with real actors, or well, probably not professional actors,
 real people. It was done in a village in Italy, and it involved a manger and a real ox and a real
 donkey. And he quite sweetly had a wax model as the baby Jesus, and he tried to explain, as he
 was giving the sum, and that this was the baby Jesus, but he was so overwhelmed with the motion that
 he couldn't say the word Jesus. So in the first episode of the scene, the word Jesus wasn't said,
 he just kept on saying the baby perfectly him, and he couldn't get it out. But then it really took
 off from there, and the hay from that very first nativity scene was then taken away by all the onnuckers
 and fed to their farm animals, and apparently, it cured them of all their malaria and other diseases.
 That's how you cure it. Magic K. Horses can only breathe through their noses. I didn't realise as
 opposed to their mouths. Sorry, yeah, of course. As opposed to their anuses. I don't know where
 I was going with that. I saw you realising halfway through that question what the alternative was.
 How's when you see one horse in the cold, and it's breathing? It comes out of the nose, doesn't it?
 So is the nostrils, isn't it? Yeah, so don't tape up a horse. Is nostrils or anything?
 No, okay. Press you are going to. I have to leave.
 Churchill used to listen to translations of Hitler's speeches on a gramophone, and he would
 play back the bits where Hitler mentioned in my name. Did he? Yeah, that's very Trump-y, isn't it?
 Yeah, it is. Yeah, it is a bit. Oh. Why did he do it? Why? Yeah, it's just an ego trip.
 I don't know. I don't know. I'll regret mentioning it.
 I was looking at some strange driving rules that you can infringe abroad in this country,
 but I didn't realise this thing about parking rules in various countries can get so complicated.
 So in various countries, but particularly in Sweden, you have this system that they call
 datum parkering, which is about parking on alternate sides of the street, depending on the date.
 So if there's a certain sign on lots of streets, and what it means is if you see this sign,
 then on the morning of odd dates, then you're not allowed to park on the side of the street
 where the houses have odd numbers. Oh my goodness. And on the morning of even dates,
 you're not allowed to park on the side of the street where the houses have even numbers.
 And so if you park in the evening, and it's going to be the next morning,
 you have to plan for the next morning that it will be on the right side.
 I mean, it just sounds like a way to get money off foreigners, doesn't it?
 That sounds a bit like that. The system in Paris that they have where only on Wednesdays,
 like Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays, odd numbers, nice and polite to relax. Yeah, yeah.
 They did that in central South America. It might be in Mexico City, and what happened was
 just people bought two cars, and they were always old cars, because they had to buy two, so they had
 to be cheaper, so the pollution went way up. But it is this odd numbers houses thing seems to dictate
 as well in other countries. In Belgium, for the first half of the month, you can park on the side
 of the road with odd house numbers, and the second half of the month with even.
 Just kind of a hassle if you have to jump out of your car and run up to a front door and check
 the house number. It's amazing. I'm 100% certain. In fact, I know I've parked in Belgium.
 Yeah, it's not every road. There'll be a sign, and it's a special sign that they all recognize.
 There's not even any word on it. It's just a random image.
 That you definitely put forward a scratch at his head, giving away money.
 That's when I went to New York, someone was telling me that the parking is actually
 surprisingly, if you're a resident in Manhattan, it's surprisingly easy and cheap to park outside
 your house and cost fairly nothing. And the only rule is that you have to want a week, you have to
 your car has to be out of the space for two hours while they clean the street.
 It must be the same two hours for everyone, right? Otherwise, it's a poor street cleaner.
 Every time he sees a car leave, he has to jump in there.
 Just a clean of it. That can't be true, right? There's no way for two hours every week.
 Every single car in town starts driving. It's not the same two hours. I'm sure there's a rotor
 of street, right? You know, there's like one, two hours. It's just all your neighbours turn up.
 Hey, man, parking thing again. Yeah, that's all good, shall we?
 We've taken a assumption that Manhattan has won street clean. He's got two hours.
 Like a cleaning Santa to cover all of Manhattan.
 Can't be done. I'd like to see that sitcom about that guy.
 No, I think a Christmas festive film where he has to do it in one night.
 Picture a few type on a keyboard and you're typing something and you don't look down.
 You're one of those people who's got amazing words per minute.
 So they did a study in a university where they got people to type 70 words per minute.
 That was the goal. Can you get that fast?
 And everyone, 94% of the time, managed to do that.
 They then did a second test on them, which was,
 can you now write out where everything on the keyboard is?
 Quarity. Can you write out the placings?
 And all they could manage was at top 15 of the letters of the alphabet they had known.
 They had no idea where the rest were and it's all because it's all automatic memory.
 Some things going on. The fingers are doing the dancing at that point.
 That's really interesting. That's like, you know when someone says what's your pin number?
 If someone's, you know, paying with your card and often you have to go up and say,
 "I need to type it in." You have that, right? Yeah.
 It's like that. It's exactly like that. It's in your fingers.
 The magic is here. That is the thing that brings.
 This isn't a fact, but that's the worst feeling, isn't it, where your fingers stop remembering.
 And then you just, you've lost it. There's no way to get your number back there.
 It's just, it's all over. Is that just me? That's not just me, right?
 No, no, that's me, too.
 Because I look away as well. I'm like, "Oh, come on."
 And then when it's wrong, you're like, "Oh, you were my last."
 Like, this isn't even my last, this asshole.
 And then they say, "Sara, step away from the ATM machine."
 Maybe it falls out when you cut your nails.
 It's just a theory.
 It's just a theory.
 Something else that rained down to earth was the earth's core.
 What?
 So the earth's core is made of iron.
 And the way that it got there, we think, is a massive meteor comes in,
 hits the earth, vaporizes, goes into the sky,
 and then rains down and eventually seeps into the center of the planet.
 So it's, it tunneled its way in.
 Kind of. Well, it's dead, so isn't it?
 Then anything else around it, and that's what it does.
 It's that one that would have been iron rain, molten iron rain.
 Yep. Wow.
 He's a strong umbrella.
 Yeah.
 There was another dog called Rolf. It was a terrier.
 And he spoke through tapping his paw against boards,
 each letter of the alphabet, represented by different taps.
 So if you ask them, all dogs are called Rolf.
 Yeah.
 It's a real dad joke, that one.
 I read about a Bible-themed amusement park,
 which is in Bonacera's Tierra Santa.
 And it is, it was meant to have like roller coasters and stuff like that.
 They didn't end up doing that.
 So it's a lot of sort of plastic Bible scenes that they've made.
 So the scale down has gone quite a bit,
 except for their one centerpiece for the whole thing,
 which is that they have in the distance with a hill,
 a 40-foot tall animatronic Jesus that comes out from the side of the mountain,
 every hour as part of the resurrection.
 He resurrects every hour of 40-foot Jesus out the side of the vaulted.
 Well, it wasn't resurrected as a giant.
 No, but he's really far away.
 So maybe he looks really cloister when he, when you see it.
 Wow, that sounds absolutely terrifying.
 Yeah.
 So nowhere the largest Jesus statue in the world is, just as a petrivia?
 I would have said in Rio de Janeiro.
 No, there's a taller one in Sphibod's in Poland.
 It's called Christ the King.
 It's 108 feet tall.
 And it has Wi-Fi transmitter in its crown.
 Wow.
 Just like the real Jesus.
 Yes.
 Any stuff on King Louis the 13th of France?
 Got some stuff, yeah.
 Because he did not calm his hair until he was nine months old.
 Well, he probably didn't do it at that age.
 But no one calmed his hair until he was nine months old.
 How come?
 And no one washed his legs until he was five.
 And he had his first bath at the age of seven.
 Why did he start somewhere?
 So sorry, did they start with his legs?
 So they washed the rest of his body and then they didn't get to his legs until he was five.
 They washed his legs first when he was five and tepid water.
 And then when he was seven, he had his first bath at that stage.
 Everything was clean.
 Yeah, it's not like until he was five.
 They only just quickly dumped him in the bath, but they were holding his legs.
 So obviously he couldn't wash the legs.
 No, he just didn't wash anything.
 So they didn't wash anything.
 So it was in the time when washing was seen to be perhaps not great for you.
 Yeah.
 His hair's combed what more do you want?
 At one stage, he boasted that he takes after his father and he smells of armpits.
 Yeah.
 He was a smelly man.
 He was.
 But he had a horrible upbringing.
 I think his parents might have just not washed him out of spite.
 He was a very, very sad man.
 I grew to really like him.
 And so his mother tried to keep the throne for as long as possible.
 So he was made king officially, I think, about age nine.
 But his mother was desperate to stay region and hated her son.
 And so she would humiliate him or keep him out of power.
 So once when he was 15 and he's king, he's in front of his court,
 she'd just still up and slapped him in the face just to tell him off.
 Another time he tried to attend a meeting of the Royal Council that he was supposed to be holding.
 And whereupon the source I was reading said,
 "Whereupon she took him by the shoulders and threw him out of it."
 So she was real harsh.
 That was harsh.
 And she also forced him to sleep with his wife.
 So we really know almost every historian can curse that he was gay.
 And he never had any mistress.
 He never showed any interest in women, showed a lot of interest in men.
 And he was married off to Anavostria,
 who was confusingly a Spanish queen when they were both gay.
 And shut that must have been so annoying for her,
 always being asked, "So what's it like in Austria?"
 My parents just had a silly sense of humour.
 She, Anavostria of Spain, came over.
 Her brother Dave of Denmark.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yes, she came over to marry him and he had to be physically carried into the wedding bed
 because he was desperate not to sleep with her and he was really freaked out.
 And two nurses were there to monitor the act to make sure it happened,
 because otherwise you could sort of get an annulment,
 and that would ruin the alliance between Spain and France.
 And then he ran out of the bedroom as soon as he'd done it and refused to even enter it,
 or eat with his wife or speak to her for about six months.
 Wow.
 He had a regimental Croatian mercenaries that he liked.
 We were actually from Portugal.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And they are famous for what reason?
 Because they uniform.
 Ooh.
 The crevettes.
 Because they wore crevettes.
 They wore neckties.
 And because crevazka is Croatian for Croatia,
 they became known as crevettes,
 and that's where we get the word from.
 Ooh, that's so cool.
 And he was also big on wigs.
 He was sort of the original--
 Yeah, he was a big wig.
 He was the original wig wearer.
 Let's see.
 In the way that crevettes sort of became fashionable,
 he brought them back into wigs back into fashion as well.
 So he was thinning in his hair, and he wanted to disguise that.
 And the surrounding friends all thought,
 "We want to help you out and not make you look like the only person wearing a wig."
 So they wore wigs as well, and that spread,
 and everyone was wig wearing again.
 Anavastria popularized hot chocolate.
 Did she?
 Yeah, she brought it over from Spain.
 And it became an instance data symbol,
 and they said that only the aristocracy were allowed to drink it.
 And that was true for a while, and then after a while,
 everyone was allowed to drink it in front.
 I know I've said this before.
 It is easy to see why they had a revolution
 if they're saying only we can drink hot chocolate.
 Yeah.
 I'm amazed it took a hundred years after this.
 There is a theory that there is a bonus track hidden in the last supper.
 What do you mean?
 Is that the bread rolls on the table are a musical arrangement?
 Come on.
 And if you play the bread rolls from left to right along the last supper, it plays a tune.
 So presumably people have done this.
 Yes, I clicked on it earlier today, and it said video unavailable.
 We just, so we don't know what the tune is now.
 No, I've actually heard it.
 Yeah, and it's a tune that does work.
 So it's--
 So I'm not making this up.
 No, you're not making this up.
 Thank you.
 Yeah.
 I've never seen this before.
 I've never seen it like I've been making it up.
 I mean, the guy who discovered it is insane,
 but it's not real.
 It's not a real thing.
 He's looked at bread rolls and thought that looks like a quaver.
 Like that's not a thing.
 Did you guys hear about the countdown thieves in 2009?
 No.
 So these were some, I think I might have read this in the Daily Mail,
 but these were thieves that the police were hunting for who were stealing
 some bit letters from shop signs.
 In Norwich, they did it to seven stores over three nights,
 and they were seeing specific letters,
 and then one of them was caught on camera and was overheard saying,
 "I'm just trying to spell my own name."
 And so then the police released the fact that they were looking for people
 who might be called one of these names.
 Sam, Danny, Alan, Lloyd, Glyn, or Manning.
 Can they realize that Manning did turn Manning?
 He pulled on hard times.
 I once tried to convince Dan Schreiber that one of the lines
 in the English national anthem was,
 "Oscopistoria."
 Has it?
 Everything else seems to rhyme with that.
 And he was like, "That's not true.
 Surely, surely, isn't that."
 And I was like, "When are they going to pull out his phone and Google it?"
 And he pulled out his phone.
 He was like, "It's not true, right?"
 And I was like, "No, of course it's not true."
 "You're not going to do anything."
 He sounds like an idiot.
 Yeah, but I'm on.
 I discovered a few things that genuinely surprised me about both ears
 and what we can hear and what we can't hear.
 So first thing that shocked me is that when we're asleep,
 our ears are still listening.
 Isn't that weird?
 Well, how do you think loud noise is where you are?
 I pull out.
 Just so you went deaf, deaf and blind.
 Oh, she's got her there, pal.
 I assumed that that was some sort of like secret knock to let.
 Like it's just, if it's at a certain loudness and maybe,
 then you get woken up.
 But I did genuinely think that when you went to sleep,
 you sort of just, "Boo, shut down."
 And your ears kind of just went, "Okay, I'm taking the night off as well."
 And you are alone in thinking that, I think, "Yeah."
 Really?
 So let's move on to my next amazing thing.
 Apparently, when this is a noise that we can't hear that we make on our own,
 when you rub your forefinger and your thumb together,
 you make an ultrasonic signal.
 It works so clearly that people often use it to detect
 whether a bat detector is working.
 So you rub it against a back detector, and that will give you a signal.
 So anyone listening, I'm doing it now.
 If you just go to your bat detector, and I wonder if over a podcast, I can set it off.
 Well, do you know that?
 Anna.
 I'm so sorry.
 I mean, change.
 Sorry, what is a bat detector?
 Who has bat detectors?
 People with bats.
 What do you mean a bat detector?
 Something that's detecting the ultrasonic sounds of bats,
 like a scientific instrument.
 Right, yeah.
 Must be.
 But yeah, that's...
 Dan, for the listener at home,
 Dan has been rubbing his finger and thumb by the mic for about 30 seconds now.
 And if I could get, and your home will be full of bats.
 Did you know that laughing cow is Comte?
 Cheese.
 What do you mean?
 I love...
 Sorry, I don't know Comte.
 Oh, maybe...
 No, maybe this is just a thing that we have in my family because I love it.
 It's like really creamy, nice European cheese.
 I don't think you're family the only people here.
 I don't think there's a special Tujensky family cheese.
 Tujensky's?
 I...
 Wow.
 I mean, it was a hard one,
 and I tried it, and it didn't work out.
 It used in ski.
 Yeah, it does the obvious shit.
 The great Pitch and Race disaster
 was something that Anna posted about on the QI Bards a few years ago,
 and that I read about.
 Do you remember that?
 I love it.
 I couldn't believe I've never mentioned it before,
 when all the pigeons disappeared.
 Because there's an extremely famous Pitch and Race.
 Sorry, extremely famous among Pitch and Fancy's.
 And it's between Paris and London.
 It's between France and the UK.
 And it was in the 80s or 90s.
 It was from Nantes to the UK to the people's homes in the UK.
 And yeah, there were 60,000 pigeons taking part
 and 90% of them disappeared.
 And no, it never happened, like every year before that, they'd all arrive back.
 No, a new way.
 There's a theory that there was a Concorde flight
 that was going over the channel at the time,
 and that disrupted their magnetic impulses and cookies.
 Sorry, were we in?
 '97.
 Oh, okay.
 So quite recently.
 Yeah.
 And there was one guy called Tom Rodin
 who lost his winning champion Pitch and White Tail.
 And five years later, the Pitch and was on his doorstep.
 Yeah.
 Oh, no way.
 Five years.
 I want to see the movie about one hundred and five years.
 I'm guessing that was awesome.
 Do you think he over the dawn?
 Where the hell have you been?
 Have you heard of Bristol's punctuation Banksy?
 This is an amazing guy.
 He was active at least until last year.
 So he goes around just correcting poor punctuation.
 And there was an interview with him recently.
 He has built himself a device he calls an apostrophyser,
 which is a very long-handled bit of kit,
 which allows him to either cover over an apostrophe
 or shouldn't be there in a sign,
 or add one in if he needs an extra one.
 And someone said to him what he was doing was probably illegal,
 going around, knocking around with businesses sign,
 just for having an apostrophe in the wrong place.
 And he said,
 "I'm sticking on a bit of sticky-back plastic.
 It's more of a crime to have the apostrophys wrong."
 He's wrong about that.
 I think he's wrong.
 But he's been going since 2003.
 Wow.
 So, yeah.
 So he's been getting away with it that long?
 Yeah, and also...
 How has he not been apprehended?
 How misspelled is Bristol that he's still in operation?
 Is he only correcting the word Bristol?
 Yeah, imagine if he thought that Bristol had two S's.
 He's like, "They've got it run again."
 I think it's not a full-time job.
 It's also not a job.
 But he is cool, as you say,
 the Banksy of Punctuation or Apostrophe Avenger.
 So he's got, you know, cool names.
 They feel ironic to me, those names.
 They feel self-given.
 Yeah.
 There is a National Punctuation Day in America.
 So...
 And CNN interviewed the guy, he's called Jeff Rubin, who set it up.
 He used to be a reporter.
 And CNN wrote that he grew increasingly frustrated
 as he spotted errors in the newspaper.
 I quoted him,
 "I would sit at the kitchen table with my red Sharpie,
 screaming obscenities, which were upset my wife."
 She encouraged me to find another outlet for my aggravation.
 So he set up National Punctuation Day.
 Oh, good on him.
 I mean, good on...
 Yeah, it's better for his wife.
 Sort of. I wonder if that has solved his quite deep-seater character flaws
 that I'm interpreting from that story.
 But...
 Whatever he had to do.
 They had things called dog dramas in the 19th century,
 early 19th century,
 where the dog was like the hero of the play.
 So they would usually have other human actors,
 but the dog would do the really heroic things.
 There was one where the show ended with a dog jumping in the pool of water
 and saving a child.
 But what would often happen is
 mischievous theater goers would throw meat onto the stage to describe the dogs.
 That's so funny.
 Thus drowning a child, but...
 It's all good fun for the audience, isn't it?
 So you know the idea of just going back to the fire of London.
 Did you guys know that the sort of, there's a worshipful company of bakers,
 it's sort of the union of the bakers.
 They apologized officially for it.
 Yeah, 320 years later.
 So after the legal threat, it's diminished.
 Well, it's never too late to apologize.
 Said the then Lord Mayor of London, who's called Alan Davis.
 Oh, yeah.
 Do you guys remember Alan Davis?
 That must have been only an excuse.
 I remember the guy who was in QI.
 Yeah, it's still in QI, by the way.
 He used people here in this.
 Yeah, he used to be the Mayor of London.
 No, no, Alan Davis.
 I think around 1986, this would have happened if it's 320 years after 1666.
 And I did work that out.
 And it did take ages.
 This is closest as I come to sounding intelligent.
 Yeah, they they apologize to officially for it.
 That's good that they admitted to it finally, because at the time,
 the French and the Dutch were blamed all across town.
 And loads of French and Dutch were arrested.
 And I think that was beaten up.
 And yeah, beaten constantly.
 So we were at war or Britain was at war with France and in Netherlands,
 there was probably Protestant plots everywhere.
 And so I think there was a French woman who had a breast cut off
 because people thought what she was carrying was explosive devices.
 And it was just...
 It was chickens.
 Oh, right.
 She was carrying some chickens and people thought they were fireballs.
 You would have thought in the process of chopping off someone's boobies.
 You would find out that they weren't fireballs.
 They were chicks, wouldn't you?
 Yeah.
 You've gone too far, then.
 You've got to go through with it.
 You're right.
 There are parallels with our current political climate.
 Unfortunately, have we progressed?
 Yes.
 This is the big breast cutting off of the 21st century.
 Yeah, it's the horrific metaphor that we find ourselves in.
 Wow.
 In 2010, in Belgium, there was a guy who was experimenting with the idea
 of solving the problem of pigeons pooing all over cities.
 So massive problem, poo on your head, poo on car windows.
 Yeah.
 It's on your head.
 And so what he's attempted to do,
 and I don't know if this has actually worked,
 but he's tempted to create a special bacteria
 that when it's fed to the pigeons, it metabolises,
 and when they defecate what comes out is not poo,
 but a soapy-like substance.
 So they end up cleaning your head, shampooing your head,
 and cleaning the streets.
 I'd say we've had a few shelters, I think.
 You don't want to squeeze a pigeon over your head in the shower.
 Yeah, so the idea is that-
 It's not make them poo soap.
 It's not fair.
 It's not fair, but it's probably possible.
 But I just couldn't-
 Where's the waste product going?
 I mean, there's poo in that soap.
 Yeah, there is poo in there.
 It's pooey soap.
 It's pooey soap in there.
 Yeah.
 I suppose what they're saying is, okay,
 so there are soapy molecules in there.
 Yep.
 Which will attach to the pooey substances,
 and when it rains, it will be easier to flush away.
 Does that make sense?
 It feels like-
 I forgot that poo has to come out at some point.
 So yeah, that must be the logic.
 Unless these pigeons are just growing bigger and bigger and bigger,
 and eventually they're just explode with their own feces.
 But I don't think-
 It's more problems to completing a facility.
 It certainly does.
 But they were-
 It's a very short-term solution.
 This wasn't just a mad guy.
 They were given a grant by the Flemish Architecture and Design Committee
 and Ministry of Culture.
 Like it was a funded proper science-
 So we're going to the Ministry of Culture, though, wouldn't you?
 If you had this-
 Not slightly strange idea.
 That's true.
 There's no other science people.
 There is a thing, there's a-
 This is another amphipod, which this is originally about,
 and it's called-
 And I'm going to take a run up at this-
 Sudamphithoidis Incavaria.
 It lives in the Caribbean and it eats seaweed.
 And this is another really sort of just a weird defense mechanism in nature.
 So the seaweed that it eats has chemicals which deter fish.
 Same deal, it gives off toxic chemicals.
 But the amphipod, it doesn't just eat it.
 It also makes a little house for itself out of this algae.
 And it has-
 Have it some food, I guess, right?
 Yeah.
 Like a gingerbread house kind of thing.
 Yeah, exactly like that.
 And so, exactly like that.
 And it swims around with its head and front legs sticking out of this-
 It's more like a sleeping bag, I guess.
 It's more like a more sleeping bag than a house.
 A gingerbread sleeping bag.
 Yeah.
 Or like a ham sleeping bag.
 Like a hamock.
 Like a hamock.
 Wow.
 You guys are going to be so surprised by the laugh that comes after that when the podcast comes out.
 I don't remember that being nearly as funny on the night.
 A lot of pigeons are being smuggled out of Syria at the moment.
 So because Syria was the world-leading pigeon breeding place.
 So in the Middle East they say, you know, all the best pigeon breeders are Syrians.
 And now they're getting sent over the board because obviously it's not safe for them to be there
 anymore and pigeon fanciers in Syria can't keep them anymore.
 And so there are lots of collectors who are going on these kind of death-defying missions
 to get them. There's a guy who's spent five million dollars on Syrian pigeons.
 This is a guy called NASA who's a Jordanese, Jordanian, who's Jordanian.
 And there was one instance where 70 pigeons were killed when they were being smuggled across
 the border and they got caught in a fight.
 So yeah, it's taken its toll on the poor pigeons.
 But yeah, they are- they are really valuable there.
 That's amazing. Act by the Great, who was a Mughal Emperor around there.
 In the 16th century, he always travelled wherever he went with his personal colony of 10,000 pigeons.
 10,000?
 What? They're only small.
 I can have 10,000 of one rooms, please.
 I don't think they all got their own room.
 No, maybe not.
 But they could like- some of them were really beautiful.
 Some of them could do tricks and tumble through the air and, you know.
 Some of the poods so well.
 There's a whole whole thing.
 Did he name them all?
 I don't know. I doubt it.
 No, he probably named his favourite ones.
 Yeah, yeah.
 That is impressive.
 I'm taking a register every day for that.
 Do you guys know what's happened to actually the original manuscript of the origin of species?
 On the origin of species?
 Nope.
 So it has various drawings on it.
 So for instance, it has a drawing of a green fish with pink legs and fins and a bright blue umbrella.
 And this is covered in these doodles.
 And this is because Charles Darwin was a really fun dad.
 So we wrote the origin of species.
 And then he gave it to his kid.
 So I was like, "Well, I'm done with this now.
 I've had this idea.
 Have that."
 And it's covered in his kid's doodles.
 Cool.
 And so,
 I read the book and thought maybe one day animals will evolve to have an umbrella.
 Yes.
 Yeah, maybe actually Darwin discovered a lot more than he led on.
 Yeah.
 You know, he did, we wanted to keep it secret.
 Yeah.
 So he put around the story,
 "Oh yeah, my kids just drew that weird creature with 15 legs and...
 ...an umbrella growing out of its fin."
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So it was actually him who drew it and he was backtracking on his own illustrations.
 That's what I'm saying, right?
 Darwin drew these secret animals that didn't exist.
 Because he thought if they don't believe that,
 relatively plausible evolution and stuff,
 they're never going to believe in the umbrella fish.
 Another Canadian thing.
 Well, do you know what the national animal of Canada is?
 Which I think is a bit right.
 It's not a user?
 Yeah, it's a beaver.
 It's a beaver, yeah.
 It's what I just always think it's such a great thing to have bears.
 I would have picked that.
 But it's really controversial, they're not really into having the beaver.
 It's been debated whether they should ditch it since the mid-19th century.
 And in 1964, I was reading a lecture that a Canadian historian gave
 that complained that the beaver is representative of English Canada rather than French.
 And that means that it represents a pretty intelligent animal on a rather low level
 who is very fond of work and has not much idea beyond that.
 So that was his impression of what the English element of Canada
 had given to the country that the beaver represented.
 And what did the French area want in?
 I'm not sure actually, what would the French animal be?
 Not a beaver or something with fur that was cute that we would kill.
 Yes, a bear.
 Yes, a bear, or a seal butt.
 Lovely.
 But we're introducing beavers to Scotland at the moment, isn't that?
 Yeah.
 The new thing.
 Yeah.
 And very interestingly, when they were introduced wolves in the various parks in North America,
 particularly in Yellowstone, it had this extraordinary effect of increasingly beaver population,
 which no one had considered, but it just a sort of another example of how into
 related everything uses, that the wolves slightly kept down the elk's stroke moose.
 And they didn't go as far south and they didn't eat the young vegetation
 on which the beavers relied to make that sort of fluff up their dams.
 But they thrived because of the, but miles, you know, a thousand miles north
 where the wolves were was affecting the beavers in the south.
 Wow, you couldn't have predicted that, really, could you?
 No, it's marvellous, it's like a butterfly effect in a way.
 It is, so I wish a mess with it.
 Another Canadian thing, one more thing, Poutine, so this...
 Yes, nice delicious food.
 Yeah, gravy, sort of gravy on...
 Gravy on chips with curd.
 That's it.
 ...on it.
 Right, and they give it a post-sounding name to convince us.
 It doesn't sound like Ellie D's name for a lady part.
 Well, the thing is, in French parting speaking Canada, it's kind of unusual sounding to them,
 because in France, you don't call Vladimir Putin, Poutine.
 Because in France, Putin means prostitute.
 Of course, Putin, yes.
 Putin, yes.
 So in France, they all call him Vladimir Poutine.
 And so in Canada, they have like a Vladimir's Poutine
 and restaurants.
 Ah!
 Very cool.
 Do you know when the queen takes her Christmas decorations down?
 Never. Never.
 She's one of those weirdos who has them all here.
 Yeah, she waits till February, February the 6th, and it's actually quite sweet.
 It's an honor of her father who died on that day.
 And then they do these weird things when they have their Christmas dinners.
 So this year, Meghan Markle will be weighed before she has her Christmas turkey,
 as will all of the royal members.
 They do this thing where they weigh them.
 They all stand on a weighing scale.
 Just the numbers, though, the people as well, right?
 Sorry, I'm ashamed.
 Yes, they will be weighed.
 The royal Christmas toddler weigh it.
 So they weigh the full of humans, and they then have the meal,
 and then they weigh them afterwards again to see whether or not they've been
 well fed enough.
 That's the symbolic idea of that.
 So you have to eat the most.
 Do you have to gain the most?
 I don't think it's a game.
 I think it's just a tradition.
 And also, the queen likes to wear it.
 Again, this is, like you say, a lot of this stuff is put out there,
 who knows if it's true, from their official sources.
 She likes to wear the paper crown from a cracker.
 That's her thing.
 Is she?
 Quite nice image, isn't it?
 Wouldn't it be great to rig up Prince Charles's cracker?
 So there's never a crown inside?
 [LAUGHTER]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 ♪ Oh, oh, yeah ♪
 you
