 [sad piano music]
 [speaking in foreign language]
 [sad piano music]
 [sad piano music]
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing
 as a Fish A Weekly Podcast.
 This week coming to you from the Birmingham Mac,
 my name is Dan Shriver and please welcome to the stage.
 It's the three regular elves, Andy Murray,
 Anichezinski and James Harkin.
 [cheering]
 And once again we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days
 and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with you, James Harkin.
 Okay, my fact this week is that in 2005,
 there were plans to make a 50-foot tall robot Michael Jackson
 that would roam around the Nevada desert.
 [laughing]
 How advanced were these plans?
 They were pretty advanced.
 Michael Jackson was going to do a residency in Vegas
 and they wanted to advertise it and this was their big idea,
 they were going to do a massive robot.
 He was going to wander around the desert,
 he was going to fire lasers out of his eye.
 [laughing]
 And the idea is as you were flying into Vegas Airport,
 the first thing you see when you came into Vegas
 was a massive Michael Jackson.
 Well, this was a couple of months after he had been acquitted
 on charges of child molestation
 and for some reason raising money was a problem
 for this project.
 [laughing]
 I think then they scaled down a bit, didn't they?
 And they decided to make a Michael Jackson theme
 "Total and Casino" in Vegas,
 which had a smaller robot at the door.
 That's right.
 And that would also fire lasers from a huge Michael Jackson face
 that was going to be painted on the huge hotel.
 Yeah.
 So the hotel didn't happen either?
 No, no, none of this happened.
 But I mean, they always have these big plans in Vegas, don't they?
 Of what they're going to do?
 And this one didn't quite work out.
 I read one thing that they were going to do,
 which was make a life size Starship Enterprise
 that was going to be in Vegas.
 And that got quite far down the line
 that they were going to do this,
 but they never did in the end.
 Is that still trick?
 Yeah, it's cool.
 Yeah.
 Well, I really like the idea of turning certain celebrities
 into robots.
 I think it's quite a nice idea.
 No, sorry, not like the existing living ones.
 Into a cyborg.
 Like, for example, Philip K. Dick, they actually made a robot
 of Philip K. Dick.
 And they left his head on a plane accidentally.
 And it became a huge story of where's Philip K. Dick's head?
 Not the robot.
 Yeah, it was a robot head.
 But so, yeah, so they did it with Philip K. Dick.
 I wish they did it with Michael Jackson.
 What was the sort of, what was the purpose of the Philip K. Dick one?
 I think it was just so that they could have the headline Dick head missing.
 I think you're right.
 It was obviously the connection that he has with do electronic sheep.
 Yeah.
 Do robots dream of electric sheep?
 Yeah, exactly.
 So it was just such a founder of the idea.
 So they were trying to do AI and they created a Philip K. Dick robot,
 but lost his head.
 Yeah.
 I was reading about robots and walking robots.
 It's so hard to make walking robots.
 So the distance record for a walking robot is 54 miles, which is amazing.
 Oh, it's longer than I can walk.
 Wow.
 But it was a very set path.
 So it was around a flat course in an indoor arena and it then ran out of battery power
 and it stopped.
 And the article I read about it said unconscious and immobile.
 Ching-Gee under Guinness World Record and it has a little moustache painted on the front.
 But the thing is, it's not very useful because to walk on rough terrain is much,
 much harder.
 Almost impossible.
 And it just walked around the circles.
 Exactly.
 And as the article says, the robot is not really designed for real world applications
 as there are a few jobs that require a robot to walk a smooth circular path until it collapses.
 I read an exciting bit of robot news yesterday as well,
 which is that there is a robot currently writing new episodes of the sitcom Friends.
 How can they tell?
 It's fun.
 So it's interesting.
 It's a guy called Andy Hurden.
 He's been feeding all the scripts of Friends into a machine
 and it's been generating what effectively is just really weird fanfiction
 of Friends, but doing full scripts and it doesn't make total sense.
 They've put a few extracts online.
 One is, this is from Chandler.
 So Brackets, first off, Chandler.
 Brackets in a muffin.
 Brackets runs to the girls to cry.
 And then the dialogue, "Can I get some presents?"
 So that's where that's at at the moment.
 That sounds absolutely fantastic.
 They're doing a reunion of Friends.
 If they should take one of these scripts to build Friends.
 That sounds better than actual Friends.
 And I'm a huge fan of actual Friends.
 That sounds incredible, doesn't it?
 I read quite a cool headline about robots.
 And that is USA challenges Japan to a giant robot battle.
 Wow.
 That sounds cool, doesn't it?
 Where can we get tickets?
 Well, I don't really know, but there's a company called Megabot's USA
 that raised $1.8 million through Kickstarter to make a massive robot.
 And apparently there's one other company in the world
 that makes massive robots in there from Japan.
 And they've challenged each other to a big fight.
 And it's going to happen sometime this year.
 Each robot suit will be piloted by a team
 and both are laden with guns that can shoot paint-filled cannonballs.
 I imagine Japan are going to absolutely smash that.
 Every impressive robot,
 advanced you hear about, comes from Japan, doesn't it?
 Yeah, from there.
 There's one which is, comes from Harvard University,
 which is robot bees, which are quite cool.
 So these robot bees, they can swim and fly.
 Swim like a puffin, apparently, rather than, I don't know why, you wouldn't make a swim like a fish.
 What do they fly like?
 They fly.
 That was Muhammad Ali's rejected slogan, wasn't it?
 Swim like a puffin, fly like a cow.
 They fly like a bee.
 But they can be used to pollinate crops in future, they think.
 For various reasons, but, yeah, autonomously pollinate crops
 that are struggling to be pollinated naturally
 for search and rescue operations, military surveillance, traffic monitoring,
 we'll have a little robot bees buzzing above our cars.
 That's quite cool.
 Yeah, that's amazing.
 Can I bring up a couple of Michael Jackson facts?
 Yeah.
 So when Michael Jackson died,
 I read this massive biography of him
 and they're such an interesting family.
 Like when the Jackson 5 got big and then the subsequent solo career
 is Joe Jackson, the dad, started releasing his own products,
 thinking I can ride this wave of celebrity.
 He released a competitor to Coca-Cola.
 You want to take these guys on, releasing Joe Cola.
 But this is a thing that I didn't know about him,
 which is the family are Jehovah Witnesses.
 At least they were back in the day.
 And the moment didn't want Michael Jackson and the family
 to lose their connection with the Jehovah's Witnesses
 despite being famous.
 So even at the height of his fame,
 when they were doing blame it on the boogie and stuff,
 Michael Jackson still had to go door-to-door undercover
 as a Jehovah's Witness to tell people,
 "Yeah."
 And everyone who they've interviewed about it said,
 "Well, it was blatantly Michael Jackson in the door."
 Yeah, just like a fake mustache.
 He was like, "Oh, Michael, can I talk to you about it?"
 And they were like, "It's Michael Jackson."
 "Yeah, of course he can."
 Wait, wasn't he five when they were doing blame it on the boogie's stuff?
 No, he was like a teenager.
 No, no, he was like a teenager.
 Who is it?
 Well, this is Michael Jackson,
 but he's got a moustache on it.
 So he used to go for hours and they would just be like,
 "Of course you can talk to us about it."
 And he would sit in their house and he'd be stuck there.
 And he would probably be the only Jehovah's Witness in history going,
 "How am I going to get out of this house?"
 I like the message,
 but maybe could you sing a few bars of it?
 Okay, so he recycled that disguise, I think,
 because so his two security guards
 who have security guards for the last few years of his life have written a book
 and they say that whenever they had to go shopping,
 he wouldn't sneak out the back in disguise.
 So we all might have seen Michael Jackson, but we wouldn't know.
 And once, in 1989, he went shopping in disguise.
 He was wearing a false moustache, but also a red baseball cap and a Afro wig.
 And he was arrested because he looked like a shoplifter.
 [ Laughter ]
 One of the phrases in the news article at the time,
 I liked from this, just because I had never heard it before,
 was one of the security guards who arrested him,
 and then he started saying this guy who looked like a crazy man,
 said, "I'm Michael Jackson."
 And so the security guard said,
 "My first thought was this guy had gotten off the elevator between floors."
 [ Laughter ]
 And I googled that phrase, and it's not a phrase.
 [ Laughter ]
 Can I love it?
 [ Laughter ]
 That's amazing.
 We're gonna have to move on to our second fact.
 So it's time for fact number two, and that is Andrew Hunter Murray.
 My fact is that in the 16th century, people disliked hedgehogs
 because it was believed that they sucked cows udders.
 [ Laughter ]
 This is a genuine myth, if you like, about hedgehogs.
 So I looked into it. I found loads of books, 19th century, 18th century,
 all saying, "And so the later ones are debunking it."
 So there's one from 1862, which says,
 "The hedgehog sucks the milk from cows is a vulgar error.
 It is structurally impossible for the hedgehog to drain the udder of the cow."
 Are hedgehogs famous for standing on their back legs?
 No.
 [ Laughter ]
 But cows lie down at night.
 You're thinking of people.
 [ Laughter ]
 You are thinking of people.
 Hedgehogs are lactose intolerant, aren't they?
 Why?
 So are they?
 Are lactose intolerant?
 Yes, stop giving the milk, everyone.
 Yeah.
 I will lack a lot of cancer lactose intolerant,
 but I think almost all hedgehogs are lactose intolerant,
 so they get really sick when you're not.
 My reddit is them diarrhea.
 Yeah.
 And then they come back and have more milk because they've had diarrhea.
 Because they like that so much.
 No, sorry.
 They're dehydrated.
 Is why they come back for more of its people think they like it.
 So hedgehogs were originally called urchins.
 And that's where sea urchin comes from.
 Because it looks like a hedgehog of the ocean.
 Yeah.
 Urchins are still cool.
 Sea hedgehogs and dutch.
 Urchins are some Victorian cookney youths.
 Yes.
 Just a pack of sea hedgehogs.
 [ Laughter ]
 I can tell you something else that people used to think about hedgehogs.
 Oh, yeah.
 So Pliny, who's one of our favourite guys, Pliny Elder,
 he wrote that hedgehogs could climb trees, knock down apples,
 and then roll on the apples, put them on their spikes,
 and then run away stealing the apples.
 Oh.
 It's good, doesn't it?
 They can't do that.
 [ Laughter ]
 Why, why have they not worked that out?
 That's fantastic.
 They roll into balls.
 They roll into balls, yeah.
 I mean, I think the spikes just aren't spiking enough.
 No, but that was believed into the 19th century.
 Oh, yeah.
 There were debunkings of it.
 And that they can climb.
 They can climb up walls.
 Walls?
 Yes.
 You're thinking of spiders.
 [ Laughter ]
 I'm not.
 I have read people saying they can climb into a first floor flat.
 [ Laughter ]
 Into a first floor flat.
 That's right.
 [ Laughter ]
 How come tankers went with aliens?
 [ Laughter ]
 All right, get it together.
 Yeah.
 Should we talk about hedgehogs, Anna?
 Let's talk more about hedgehogs.
 So, you know how they can go into a bowl?
 That was saying.
 Yeah.
 The muscle, which allows them to go into the bowl,
 is the same muscle that you use when you're frowning.
 So, you know, when your face kind of crunches up like that,
 their muscle, their version of that muscle in your face
 goes all the way down their body.
 And it's that that turns them into a bowl.
 And they do an arse frown, don't they?
 Because they do it on the front.
 The first thing they do is frown with their front.
 And then those binds come over their face.
 And then they do an arse frown
 with their end of their spine.
 And then that makes their spine cover their bum.
 And then they have a third muscle,
 which latches those two bits of bowl together.
 So they can sit by that for hours and hours.
 Wow.
 It's amazing.
 It must be so cozy.
 Yeah.
 I read another few quotes from 17th, 16th century sources
 about hedgehogs.
 And one of them is from 1607.
 It's a book called The History of Four-footed Beasts.
 And it's about what foxes do when they find a hedgehog.
 And apparently it was thought that when a fox finds a hedgehog,
 it licketh gently the face and snout of the hedgehog
 by that means bringing himself to unfold himself
 and to stand upon his legs, which being done.
 He poisoned at the beast with the urine that he rendered
 upon the hedgehog's face.
 Oh, wait.
 He's on its face.
 So they thought foxes weed hedgehogs to death?
 Yeah, which they don't.
 I don't think.
 I heard another thing about foxes and urine and hedgehogs,
 which is that--
 [LAUGHTER]
 Oh, yeah, I got four or five of these.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Just that foxes I read that when you had a hedgehog in a bowl,
 then fox would urinate on it to make it open itself up
 and then go for the fleshy bit inside.
 And that's like--
 I think still some people in the countryside believe that.
 I don't know if it's true or not, but a lot of people think it.
 They also are immune to snake venom mostly,
 or not completely immune, but almost completely resistant
 to snake venom.
 So they can hedgehogs have been known to kill snakes, poisonous snakes.
 Wow.
 They can bite back.
 And they do this other--
 Sorry.
 Just doing a run of hedgehog facts now.
 But they cover themselves in really gross substances,
 and we don't know why.
 So they roll around for night, don't they?
 Like they spit on themselves a little bit.
 Yeah.
 Exactly.
 So when they find weird stuff like turpentine,
 which is obviously very potent, or tobacco, they'll chew it,
 and then they get a little lather worked up in their mouth,
 and they spit all over their spines.
 So they cover themselves in turps or tobacco or something like that.
 And we don't know why it is.
 It might be to make their spines a little bit toxic.
 Or it might be to kill parasites, but it might just be for fun.
 I read one idea was that they were trying to camouflage themselves.
 The smell would create a sort of camouflage defect.
 And I just love the idea that there's no truth to that,
 and the hedgehogs don't know it.
 And I just walk here and go, "He has no idea that I'm here."
 He thinks I'm a cigarette.
 I hope no one smokes me.
 You know, when you're playing Sonic the Hedgehog,
 if you go underwater, Sonic drowns and you lose a life,
 they forgot to fact check that because hedgehogs actually can swim.
 So there's a lot of, I'm sorry, death.
 Are you all thinking about humans again?
 Hedgehogs can swim.
 Yeah, yeah.
 For a bit.
 They were actually quite regretful of the fact
 that they didn't fact check the fact that they could swim,
 because that could have led to some great underwater levels.
 They should have had Sonic die by a fox urinating at this place.
 [ Laughter ]
 Should we move on to the next one?
 Yeah, let's move on.
 Okay, it's time for fact number three, and that is Chazinski.
 My fact this week is that the English philosopher Herbert Spencer
 had an angry suit specially made,
 which he wore only when he was feeling irritable.
 So this Herbert Spencer, just to go through who he is,
 he's basically Charles Darwin.
 [ Laughter ]
 But he's also not Charles Darwin.
 So he's the guy, first of all, he popularized the term evolution.
 He said that in 1852, I think, in a book he wrote,
 which was seven years before Darwin wrote the origin of species.
 And even in the origin of species, Darwin used it very sparingly.
 He only used evolution for the first time in the sixth edition, I think,
 whereas Herbert Spencer was using it all over the shop.
 And he also came up with a term survival of the fittest.
 And then Darwin liked that, and so he used the term survival of the fittest
 to replace the term natural selection, which he'd come up with.
 It wasn't nearly as catchy.
 And Darwin called him 20 times my superior.
 Totally loved him.
 Wow, okay.
 And he had some kind of suit.
 What's this suit?
 Oh, yeah, right, the suit.
 So it was a woolly garment, apparently, and it was designed
 so that there would be minimal exertion in getting dressed,
 because I guess when he's in a bad mood, he doesn't want to have to go
 to the trouble of putting proper clothes on.
 And so it was basically a elaborate onesie, but it had some shoes fitted
 and a coat fitted.
 And you just stepped in with your legs first, and then you got your shoulders in,
 and you zipped it up.
 And you just slapped.
 Ah, yeah.
 And beat some people up.
 And then, yeah, you had boots, trousers and coat on.
 Oh, wow.
 And sometimes he wore it for weeks at a time, apparently.
 That's how angry a man is.
 Oh, of course.
 I read that he got angry when he was wearing it,
 because people kept laughing at him saying, "What are you wearing?"
 And, yeah, people would stare at him in the streets.
 But I had no idea that the onesie went back that far,
 because we've talked before on the podcast about maybe Churchill invented the onesie,
 because he had a special--
 It's like a boiler suit.
 It was an adapted boiler suit, which he would wear in the Cabinet War Room.
 So I thought that was the very first onesie.
 But this is definitely the only one.
 So Herbert Spence was quite a weird guy, wasn't he?
 Yeah, he was pretty weird.
 He decided he should avoid all over stimulation for the sake of his health.
 And so, if he thought conversation was getting a bit too excited,
 he would move to another room.
 It was quite good.
 And if he ever sat next to a nougatly person at dinner,
 he would move, so he wouldn't risk his digestion.
 He would also, if he didn't have the liberty to move to another room,
 he always carried earplugs with him,
 so that if conversation was boring to him or getting him overexcited,
 he would just put earplugs in to block out irritating people.
 I read that he put them in, if he was losing in an argument.
 So it's basically, la, la, la, la.
 He invented the la, la, la.
 That's a thing, he also is said to have invented the prototype of the paperclip.
 Yes. Really?
 So it sounds like he's invented a lot of things,
 but this whole survival of the fittest thing is really getting the headline
 on quite an extraordinary life.
 One of his paperclips is in the British Library, I think, you can still see it.
 But it was quite successful in this time, it made him £70 in profits in its first year,
 which in those days was a lot of money.
 But then it kind of, you know, stopped being that popular after that.
 I was looking into other interesting suits that have been invented.
 Okay.
 And there's a really exciting one, which is bat senses suit.
 And so the idea, and it's actually for blind people,
 it's a really great idea.
 It helps to sense when objects are nearer.
 It's a really advanced bit of technology that they're working on,
 but you have the ability to, I guess, an advanced version of the walking stick
 that can help you find it's that kind of thing.
 So they've been inventing that.
 That's in a prototype stage at the moment.
 I think it's like having whiskers basically.
 Yeah, yeah.
 That's something stuff around you. That's so cool.
 Yeah, it's amazing.
 And then this is not a suit, but a lady called Eleanor Bodnar,
 who's a scientist, invented a bra that doubles as a gas mask,
 which is really cool.
 The idea is that in the event of a very chaotic moment of gas going off everywhere,
 you can just take the bra off and you can put it over your face.
 But it actually works.
 Do you know there's some cows in Russia that are wearing bras?
 Really?
 In Siberia.
 Why?
 Because it's so cold that the nipples will freeze if they don't wear these bras.
 So how chogs can't quite get through the bra?
 They're fumbling around with the straps.
 When they've scaled the sign, they can do it.
 They can climb.
 I won't go to the wall over this one.
 Have they been moved?
 Because presumably they didn't evolve to be in Siberia where their nipples would be.
 No, but of course there are farmers in Siberia and people need food and welcome.
 Have cows in Siberia?
 They do in this place in Imiakon, which is in Siberia.
 And the local civic leader said that the cows seem to like it
 because it can't be nice to have such cold teats.
 Actually, just on cows, because they found the most amazing thing about cows the other day
 that maybe everyone knows.
 But a lot of cows have windows in their stomachs.
 So this is so we can study cows digestion and like work out how to feed them better, work out what they're attributing.
 We've got these port holes, these transparent port holes,
 which we've done in a paint created in a painless operation,
 apparently according to the people who've done it.
 According to the cows, according to the people who are cutting into the side of them.
 It's so creepy though, you should look it up.
 And it works exactly like a petrol cap on a car.
 So you can unscrew it really easily if you're a vet, let's say.
 You unscrew it and you can dip your arm into a cow's stomach
 and you pull out the contents of its stomach.
 So one of the applications, for example, is if you've got a really sick cow
 that's not digesting stuff very well, then you go to the healthy cow
 that's got the window in its stomach and then you unscrew it
 and you put your hand in and you pick out the grass from in the stomach
 and you squeeze out its digestive juices
 because that cow has good digestive juices.
 And then you insert the digestive juices into the sick cow
 and then you put the grass back in the cow's stomach
 and it's like nothing ever happened.
 Isn't that bizarre?
 That is fine.
 I've got to say if that had said all that, I wouldn't believe the word of it.
 Hey, can I talk very quickly about how other people have dealt with their anger?
 Yeah, at least.
 So anger management, Mel Gibson.
 When he got in all the trouble he got into, he did an anger management course.
 His first meeting immediately, he had a verbal argument
 with the guy leading the meeting over a name tag that he was wearing, saying,
 "I don't need to wear a name tag."
 Everyone knows what I'm fucking am already, don't they?
 And then the guy was like, "Okay, so I think you actually do need to do this course."
 In Dallas, there's a place you can go to called an anger room.
 You can just basically smash it up.
 They put a load of stuff there which is smashable.
 They give you a baseball bat and they say, "Do your worst."
 You pay, I don't know, $50 for 15 minutes and you can smash up as much as you like
 and it's supposed to be a way to let it all out.
 15 minutes is a long time to be that angry.
 Actually, I've just found that.
 So for five minutes you get something which is called, "I need a break."
 And you get five minutes in the anger room, so that's $25.
 Okay, that sounds pretty good.
 15 minutes is $45 and that's called the lash out session.
 And for 25 minutes of total demolition, you have to pay $75.
 Presumably, you need to pre-book to get your anger room.
 So it must be when you're in the moment of absolute fury.
 So imagine how bad the job is for the receptionist taking those phone calls.
 Yeah, I need an anger room right now. Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry.
 We don't have a room for another week.
 That would be the worst job you could ever have.
 So just quickly back to Herbert Spencer because he was a hilarious character.
 Just one more funny thing about him.
 He was obsessed with taking his pulse so he was a hyper-conductor and he used to when he went out in a carriage.
 I think it was a bit afraid of travel when he went out in a carriage.
 Then he suddenly shout out stop and in the middle of traffic in Piccadilly or Regent Street or whatever,
 the carriage would have to stop dead, all traffic's disrupted, silence rains.
 And he has to consult the dictats of his pulse, this source says.
 And if his pulse is too fast, the carriage immediately had to turn around and go home.
 And if not, he could go on.
 And similarly at train stations, he would bring, first of all, he'd bring a woman to train stations
 when he was going to get on a train specifically to read to him and then to wave him off as he departs.
 And before getting on the train, he'd make his secretary take his temperature in a waiting room.
 If his temperature was fine, they had to string up a hammock in first class and he was good to go.
 If his temperature was too high, then he sent the train away and stayed behind.
 So, wow, wow, wow, I'm sure you've got to be authorities to do that.
 He sent the train away, well, he stayed behind, having his head wrapped in vinegar and brown paper.
 Oh, really? That's the thing.
 Yeah, it wasn't the thing. It was the thing.
 It was the thing. It's in the first version of Jack and Jill.
 Yeah, the second, the Jack and Jill went up the hill to fetch a pile of water,
 jacked for down and broke his ground and jumped again, tumbling after. And then there's the second verse.
 Oh, Jack Garts and Honda trought as fast as he could, Caper.
 And...
 He went to bed and meant his head with vinegar and brown paper.
 It's a Victorian version. There's some patched his knob with vinegar and brown paper, but they mean his head.
 But that was an old word for your head. Your knob.
 You know what?
 You can imagine the confusion.
 Should we move on to our next act?
 Yeah, let's move on.
 Yeah.
 OK, it is time for our final fact of the show. And that is my fact.
 My fact this week is in order for Spider-Man to climb buildings, he would need size 89 feet.
 So they've just worked this out. You may have seen it in the news.
 They've just worked out that Spider-Man could not literally climb buildings with the size feet and hands that he has.
 On the other hand, if he was called Hedgehog a man, he would have no problem.
 Well, he could certainly get into a first floor flat.
 Yeah, so I mean, it's just...
 Can we clarify what? Because I don't know Spider-Man as well as some.
 So why we wouldn't need just have to have super strong superglue on his hands and then there could be any size.
 Is it something to do with the surface area of his hands that causes them to stick to buildings?
 So I think what this is is it's done by zoologists, isn't it?
 Yes.
 And these are people who are studying geckos that climb up and they use van der Waals forces on their hands and their paws to climb up things.
 But it depends on how big the surface is, that how easy it is for them to hold on.
 Now, if Spider-Man used this kind of tactic for climbing up walls and he'd need massive feet.
 But do we know that he does?
 He could just be using superglue. The van der Waals force.
 I don't know that superglue works that well because you just get stuck.
 That's just seeing him right to the ground floor.
 But the idea is turning a point because the weight increases so much with your volume.
 So geckos use about 4% of their body surface area to climb.
 And even smaller animals like mites, they use 0.02% because they're so light in comparison with the surface area that uses the force.
 So for a human of the average weight to do it, you'd have to have adhesive pairs covering 40% of your body to climb.
 And that's of your talking body, so it would be 80% of your front.
 So you would need basically all of you to be sticking to the wall before you climb up it.
 Wow. You'd have to shuffle up really weirdly.
 Geckos actually, when they're sticking to walls and ceilings, they kind of walk on air, don't they?
 Because they trap. So they've got tiny hairs on their feet.
 And that when they're on a wet surface, so usually on a wet surface, I think the van der Waals force would mean that you would slip off.
 It would be too slippery, but they trap air bubbles between these little hairs.
 And so essentially, when they're walking on a wet surface up a wall or on a ceiling, they're walking on a thin layer of air.
 Wow. That's really cool. So they're hovering.
 Yep. Exactly. They're hovercrafts.
 That's incredible. Do you know that half the geckos in the world, half the species of geckos can't climb up walls?
 I don't know that. That's quite cool.
 Sticky as salamander is a northern slimy salamander. And it's so sticky, it gives off this substance that's so sticky that if any predator tries to bite it,
 it's mucus immediately seals the predator's mouth shut.
 Wow. That's a good kind of thing to have.
 So cool. Yeah. God.
 Just because we were saying about my idiot mistake, the fact that super glue would actually just stick you to a wall.
 Flies have this problem, I think. So flies have sticky feet, so they can walk up walls and across ceilings.
 But then they also have to have little claws on their legs so they can scrape their feet off once they when they need to move them.
 So they stick to a surface and then they have to claw their leg off in order to move it again.
 That's great. It's weird when you get to that kind of level of life where things become much more sticky,
 because water is a big problem for flies and other insects, because it's actually really sticky.
 And apparently, surprisingly sticky for humans as well, water.
 So if you get out of the shower, for example, if you get out of the shower, a lot of water sticks to you if you haven't wiped down properly.
 When you get out of the shower, you're a pound heavier. That's how much the water weighs that is sticking to you as you get out of the shower.
 That's very cool. Yeah. Some stuff on Spider-Man.
 So the first Spider-Man comic is from 1962, but the word Spider-Man dates back to 1955.
 And the word Spider-Man originally meant someone who works on very high structures like a steeplejack.
 Really? That's very cool. That's good, isn't it?
 Why were they called... I guess they were just...
 Yeah, like a spider climbing up a wall or a hedgehog or whatever. They're like, you know, working somewhere really high.
 And a lot of those guys were itsy bitsy as well. Spiders, just to quickly on climbing things, they have 600,000 micro hairs in contact walls.
 600,000. And they can support... This has been studied by Germany's Institute of Technical Zoology, 170 times their own weight.
 And the guys who studied this said, "That's like Spider-Man, clinging to the flat surface of a window by his fingertips and toes only while rescuing 170 adults who are clinging onto his back."
 Wow. Yeah. That's amazing.
 It's not fantastic. Yeah. They are better than he is. And this is why there's a mystery about spiders.
 The great spider mystery is why don't they stick to their own webs? Because they can support that and they've got all these tiny hairs.
 But we don't quite know, but I think we think that they lick sort of lubricant onto their hairs, which means that they slide over their webs quite easily.
 And someone in, I think, in 1905, a French naturalist tested this, so he put solvents on spiders' legs and he found out that once you did that, then it would dissolve the lubricant that they'd licked on.
 And so they would stick to their webs. And then we decided to repeat the experiment recently and just pluck the legs off spiders and tested it again. And it's true.
 So they lick, they salivate onto their legs to make sure they slide over their webs.
 Okay. Wow.
 I did some calculations about shoe sizes over this weekend.
 So I worked out that if I was a foot, I would need a size 195 shoe. If it was a size 195 shoe and I was a foot, I would perfectly, my height would be able to lie perfectly inside the shoe.
 Is that UK sizes? UK size, yeah.
 Okay. Do you have a fun weekend?
 Honey, honey, quick, quick, puppy ideas, slowly I don't think it is.
 Would you go face up or face down?
 If you were a foot.
 No, I don't think this working guy is getting the respect it deserves.
 How do you get something else?
 Yeah. If the UK was a foot.
 Sweetie, no, no, this time it's really important, come back in.
 If the UK was a foot, it would need a size 175 million, 874,974 shoe according to my calculations.
 Which is approximately 200 million European size.
 You just should have done it, if Italy was a foot.
 Okay, that's it. That's all of our facts. Thank you so much for being here.
 If you would like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we've said over the course of this podcast,
 we can all be found on Twitter. I'm on @Streiberland, James, @Xshaped, Andy, @AndruhunterM, and Shazinski.
 You can email podcast@QI.com.
 Yeah, or you can go to nosuchthing as a fish.com, our website, and we've got all the previous episodes up there.
 Thank you so much for listening. Guys, thank you so much for being here.
 I hope that was fun, and we'll see you again next week. Goodbye.
 [Applause]
 [Applause]
 [Applause]
 [Applause]
 [Applause]
 [Music]
 [Music]
 [Music]
 [Music]
 [Music]
 [Music]
 [Music]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
