 They don't want to get away from me?
 Hello and welcome to another episode of "No Such Thing as a Fish" a weekly podcast
 coming to you from the QI offices in Covern Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber sitting here with Andy Murray, Anichezinski and James Harkin.
 Once again we've gathered around the microphone with our fourth favorite facts from the last
 seven days and in no particular order, here we go.
 And with fact number one, Andy Hunter Murray.
 My fact is that there have been three top 50 songs in the British charts, which have
 been sung exclusively in Latin.
 Wow, I bet you won all three of them though.
 Yeah, I do.
 Just a mix tape of three Latin songs.
 Yeah, one of them actually made it into the Alan Partridge movie last year, yeah, yeah,
 which was a Gaudette by Steele Iceman, which is a religious, unfortunately they're all
 a bit religious rather than an abyss song which they just happened to fancy doing in Latin.
 I didn't know we got religious songs in our pop chart and our top 40 track of the pop.
 Yeah.
 They're just choirs.
 Constantly.
 Anyway, the other one was from Avita in 1976, which is choral in Latin, another was a recording
 of PA Jesus from Andrew Lloyd Webber's Requiem.
 That's fantastic song.
 Right.
 So two of these are, and is the other one from Avita, you said?
 Yes.
 So two of them are Andrew Lloyd Webber songs.
 Two of the three Latin songs are Andrew Lloyd Webber, right?
 Avita being an Andrew Lloyd Webber.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So there you go.
 Well done.
 Well done Drew.
 So yeah, it's just interesting the sort of the things that get into the pop charts over
 the years.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And it was, it's easy and now to get things in the pop charts because you can just, everyone
 can download something at the same time and then it can get in the charts.
 Whereas in the olden days you actually had to release a record or a CD or something for
 it to get in the charts because these days you could get a very popular person on the
 radio saying everyone download a Latin song and it would just get in the charts.
 Yeah, you're right.
 It doesn't need to be the Taylor Swift album that came out last year.
 They accidentally on the iTunes downloads included a track, just of white noise.
 And because it just went viral, everyone bought it and it went to the top of the charts
 in Canada.
 That's right.
 Every other pure white.
 It must have been so angry.
 Yeah.
 Aladdin's bar is set going.
 This is ironic.
 So, do you know that the Mel Gibson film The Passion was in a mix of Aramaic and Latin?
 Yeah.
 It turns out that the Latin that they used in The Passion of the Christ is church Latin
 and not classical Latin which means the entire thing is an anachronism.
 That's funny.
 I'm really, really pleased by that.
 They pronounce their visas W's.
 I don't know.
 I don't know how much we do know about the pronunciation of classical Latin.
 I think the journal content is the classical Latin, it was pronounced as a W and then church
 Latin, it's a V.
 And if they screwed that up.
 Wow.
 They fell at the first hurdle.
 Yeah.
 So, some of them chart trivia, which day of the week has had the most songs written about
 it.
 So, it's in the title.
 Oh, okay.
 Monday.
 Yeah.
 Monday.
 Yeah, obviously.
 I want to go with Friday.
 Oh, well, you're all wrong.
 It's Sunday, 30 songs with the word Sunday and so 30 songs with Sunday and 23 with Saturday
 11 with Friday, which is a third and only one song.
 This is in the billboard charts has ever been written with the word Thursday in the title.
 You won.
 Yeah.
 Sweet Thursday by Johnny Mathis in 1962.
 Okay, this is my favorite fact about the charts.
 Okay.
 It is that Paul McCartney has had 200 songs in the charts.
 So either Beatles songs, Wingsong, Solo songs, songs are these written for other people.
 If you take the amount of time and accumulate all the time that those 200 songs have spent
 in the charts, they add up to 32 years.
 Right.
 That's amazing.
 Oh.
 He's had songs in the charts that are for a longer period than I've been alive by two years.
 That's pretty good.
 That's insane.
 And do you know who I found out that fact from?
 Who?
 President Obama.
 Wow.
 President Obama just tweeting factoids.
 Yeah, he's going.
 Yeah, he runs OMG.
 They've just signed them up.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Good for him.
 Yeah, he, uh, he won the Gershwin prize at the White House where they do it.
 And he gave a speech and he said he was an interesting fact about Paul and then told that.
 Well, I see.
 Do you think that was original research from?
 From.
 It's all own research.
 Um, I had a thing about Lassen, which I wanted to tell you because I really, really like
 it.
 Um, when Pope Benedict, the 16th resigned, one of the journalists who broke up with
 the story, only got it because she could understand the Latin in which he made the announcement.
 Right.
 And as a result, she got the scoop before anybody else.
 Her name was Giovanna Cheery.
 Oh, she must have been very cheery about that.
 Yeah.
 It was a weird one, wasn't it?
 Because he was just doing a general talk to about six or seven journalists and they were
 just talking about basic stuff.
 They all understood what he was saying was being translated.
 And then he spoke that bit in Latin, that particular bit.
 Right.
 She was the only one who got it.
 And she kind of pre-announced it without confirmation.
 She was lucky.
 She was right.
 Yeah.
 She was a bit like, I'm not sure if he did.
 I'm pretty sure he did just say that.
 Did that word mean resign or olive?
 Yeah.
 Ah.
 Ah.
 I just wanted an olive, guys.
 But it's an interesting thing, they, um, because Latin in the Vatican, obviously, is still
 a big thing.
 They're constantly updating because of all the new words that we have.
 Yeah.
 That's so good.
 Have we spoken about that particular thing?
 Like words like dishwasher are now in the new Latin dictionary.
 And so are, um, what web there is web, web, web, and they're quite behind if they've only
 just updated it with digital.
 I mean, yeah.
 About my phone and rush hour, which I don't know when that movie made it to the Vatican.
 I've only just got it and this one that's been released.
 Um, speaking of Pope Benedict, have we spoken about the fact that he released, uh, top,
 he released a Christmas album, didn't he?
 A Christmas music album.
 No.
 And so in 2009, before he resigned, he released a Christmas music album, uh, it was prayers
 set to classical music.
 And it was with Snoop Dogg's record label.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 Geffen Records.
 Snoop Dogg collaborates with a lot of people like that.
 He didn't, he did a song with Buzz Aldrin.
 A lot of people like the mother.
 Yeah.
 So the Dalai Lada.
 No, um, Buzz Aldrin, just like people who are not in music is what I meant.
 Yeah.
 Old people who, yeah.
 He went to Beyond Coronation Street, didn't he?
 The Pope.
 I'll snoop.
 Yeah, does he?
 No, it's not the news a while ago though, he was going to be on Coronation Street, but
 I don't think he ever did.
 I think we would have heard.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Um, I was reading that J.K. Rowling's, um, obviously the Philosopher's Stone has released
 in Latin.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 And it, so it's Harry Espotto, uh, is what the book was called, and it was the Philosopher's
 Stone one.
 Um, they also translated it into ancient Greek.
 And apparently it's the longest ancient Greek text to have been produced since 3AD.
 Wow.
 Oh, yeah.
 That's amazing.
 And also, um, this is interesting.
 The book, the Order of the Phoenix, when that came out.
 So just going from the idea that we had three Latin songs in a British chart in France, when
 the book came out, they did this thing where they didn't pre-give the book to different
 countries to translate it.
 They basically had to wait for the English book to be released, and then they started translating
 the Harry Potter book.
 So it was a big rush to sort of which country could get them quicker for the demand.
 Yeah.
 In France, they couldn't wait for the book to be translated.
 So Order of the Phoenix is the only non, sorry, non-French book to hit number one in the
 French bestseller's list in France as a book.
 That's great.
 Just on the Order of the Phoenix one as well, there was this thing in Venezuela where they
 knew the release date was going to be about six months after or five months after the release
 of Order of the Phoenix.
 They couldn't be bothered waiting.
 And some guy just translated it on his own and released it and people bought it.
 But it, by all accounts, was the worst translation because it's packed with sentences.
 This is a genuine sentence from it.
 Here comes something that I am unable to translate.
 Sorry.
 And then later on after another sentence, there's a bracket that said, I'm sorry, I don't understand
 what that means.
 So it's just totally littered with the translator.
 It makes us actually a bit more terrifying.
 If you're describing something, it's like this thing is so awesome, I can't even put it
 into words.
 Yeah.
 It's like another version of Voldemort.
 Yeah, I'll be named the literally I can't name it.
 Sorry guys.
 Do you guys know the only New York Times bestseller to be written in Latin, bestselling book to be
 written in Latin?
 Oh, no.
 Can you give us a clue?
 Is it Winnie the Pooh?
 Yes, it is.
 Because there was a version of Winnie the Pooh in Latin, wasn't there?
 It's Winnie Ile Pooh.
 Yeah.
 Winnie Ile Pooh.
 It was on the bestseller list for 20 weeks.
 That's pretty good.
 Yeah.
 It's very, I imagine there's not much vocabulary in it.
 So it's probably quite good for teaching children who are learning Latin.
 Yeah.
 It's a Grinch.
 So the Doctor's Use, three Doctor's Use books have also been translated into Latin, which
 I would have thought would be...
 Wait, Doctor's Use or Doctor's Use?
 Doctor's Use.
 Because that would be for Greek if anything.
 I don't think...
 I don't think this use was a Doctor.
 I think he had bigger vision of fry.
 Maybe he's medical science as well.
 Doctor's Choice.
 Doctor's Choice.
 But if I said Doctor's Choice, people would call me a dickhead.
 Yeah.
 So I say Doctor's Seuce, then.
 Doctor's Seuce.
 I always say.
 I always say Doctor's Seuce.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So Christmas and two others have been...
 In fact, okay, I'll tell you the two others and see if you know what they are.
 I see some of you will.
 Cat us, pet us, at us.
 The cat in the hat.
 Correct.
 And we're at Oua, exclamation mark.
 We're at Perna, two exclamation marks.
 Green eggs, green herm.
 Oh, green eggs in herm.
 Green eggs in herm.
 Green eggs in herm.
 Yeah.
 Very good.
 Study it till the age of 18.
 Still didn't get the cat in the hat one.
 Cat us is a tough one.
 Yeah.
 That's what I'm really talking about.
 The Latin Wikipedia has 94,000 articles, which is amazing when you think about it.
 Yeah.
 I mean, that's much more than many other languages.
 Yeah.
 In fact, I wonder where that features in Wikipedia language are.
 Yeah.
 And you can get Facebook in Latin as well.
 Instead of the like button, there's a mihi-plaket button.
 It is pleasing to me.
 It is pleasing to me.
 Yeah.
 The other languages that Latin almost, you know, was the Latin tribe was vying with before
 they became the Romans.
 You know, when they were just a tiny tribe in southern Italy, there were really cool names
 that Wolfskian, Oskan and Falleskin, these were just other languages doing the rounds in
 the area.
 Falleskin sounds like it comes from Falles, doesn't it?
 Yeah, it does.
 It does.
 It does.
 Penis language.
 I'm sure they get a lot of that at school.
 Like any more of it for you guys, especially if they lost to the Romans, embarrassing.
 Anyway, Germany, I think, is the only country to have had a number one song in Elvish.
 Because--
 Wow.
 A lot of the rings.
 Yeah.
 It was the Anya track.
 Director, producer, promoter, whatever.
 This is called in the business.
 Decided that her musical ideas were too complex and interesting to get across in any language
 that existed.
 So they wrote a new language for her, in which some of her other songs are sung, which
 is called Amaranthine, that's Anya's language, got her own language.
 Hey, now we were talking about dishwasher's earlier.
 Yeah.
 The Latin for dishwasher, and obviously we all know in terrible words, but it's something
 like Escaraeorium as the first word, something like that, that's not correct, lavatory.
 Oh, yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
 Lavatory's a lavatory.
 That's a lavatory.
 Lavoy is to wash.
 To wash, yeah.
 Yeah.
 Lavatory was, I think, an ecclesiastical room for washing in a church or in a monastery or
 that kind of thing.
 Lavatory was the room where you go and have a wash.
 Who do you think was the first person who took a poo in there and transformed it?
 I was wrong.
 Oh.
 Father Dave.
 What have you done?
 It was time the room branched out.
 Do you know if that's what happened with all the words?
 Yes.
 Someone just, like, Dave, father Dave, this used to be a place where we just had a
 bath.
 Now the Deficatorium's completely ruined holiday.
 Okay, it's time for back number two and that is Chazinski.
 My fact is that the way to recognize the Buddha is to look out for his webbed feet, a tongue
 that can reach his ears and withdrawn genitalia.
 That's a good excuse on a date.
 No, no.
 It's not small.
 I'm the Buddha.
 I'm the reincarnated Buddha.
 Oh, yeah.
 Then show me your tongue, because I can get on board with it.
 So, yeah, these are some of the 32, these are three of the 32 lakh sharnas or special bodily
 features of the Buddha and they're what proper representation of the Buddha must have that
 make him the perfect being.
 So the perfect being has these features as well as various other things like 40 teeth rather
 than 32 and ankle bones that are hardly noticeable and an excellent sense of taste.
 It is an amazing list of characteristics that the Buddha had, I mean, this is Buddha original
 as well, Buddha classic, if you will, had thighs like a royal stag, a ten foot aura and
 the area below armpits well filled with hair or yeah, so wait, are there 32 of these?
 I don't know what they'll fill with, I think both with flesh maybe.
 There's an additional 80 extra little tiny things if you want to look at and what's really
 weird is they point out that the extra 80 things are just like, you know, you've confirmed
 its Buddha, you know, his tongue can wrap around his ears, he's got these web feet, it's
 definitely Buddha.
 But if you just want to make doubly sure that it's him, there's these 80 extra things and
 I read through the 80 and they are quite simple, but then one is he can fly.
 That feels like it should be the first one, I'd be the first thing I'd ask him, yeah.
 And they're so mixed as well, like one of them is he has a protruding nose, number 28 of
 the extra 80 and the one before it is, he has the strength of a thousand elephants.
 No, no, he doesn't.
 He has a strength of a thousand crore elephants and the crore is 10 million and so he has
 a strength of 10 billion elephants.
 Sorry, that was my mistake.
 But I mean, that the Buddha, 10 billion elephants, that's the kind of strength that he's
 put out.
 To be fair, once you're strong enough that you can pull 10 elephants, the extra just feels
 like showing off.
 Yeah, you're right.
 Number 75 in this list of 80.
 So he is either completely bald or has a full crop of hair.
 No, it's between those.
 No, yeah.
 So what I like about this list is that it's not only just what he was, but if you were
 looking out for Buddha as a reincarnation, these are all the things that he would have still.
 And I was looking into reincarnation just generally because we haven't had a reincarnation
 of the Buddha, but we obviously have the Dalai Lama.
 He's a reincarnation of, so he's the 14th, I believe.
 He's threatening, and I don't know what the latest update on this is, but he's saying
 he might not reincarnate anymore just to stick it to the Chinese.
 Yeah, he's going to put it up.
 He's going to put it up as a vote.
 That is petty.
 He's going to take a vote on it.
 But yeah, this is the last, you know, that he may have changed and, you know, how he was speaking
 about it in September last year.
 Yeah, it's very recent.
 Yeah, yeah.
 He might not do it.
 But it's so interesting, the way that they do find the reincarnations.
 Did I not like give a child some of the old Dalai Lama's possessions and see if he
 likes them?
 Yes, so there were a bunch of possessions that were given to him, and he was picking them
 up saying, oh, this is mine, this is mine.
 It tends to be...
 But that's if you give children anything, they say, this is mine, this is mine.
 But there was a bunch of things on the ground.
 There was a kid who was told that he was a reincarnation of Lama, and it was down to a few things
 like he was able to identify the color of the previous Lama's car, and the mileage.
 Yeah.
 What's in the glove box then?
 Some tic-tacks and my gun.
 The guy who stole my car, we did a deal.
 Can I just ask a question about this, right?
 So this guy is supposed to be the reincarnation of the Dalai Lama.
 No, no, sorry.
 Of another...
 There are lots of Lama's that you can be.
 Like a punch in Lama or something.
 Yeah, yeah.
 So, like, for example, it's been confirmed that Steven Segal is the reincarnation of a 17th
 century Buddhist spirit called Chongdrige Dorje.
 When you say it is being confirmed by the community of like the Dalai Lama people.
 By evidence, Andy.
 By evidence.
 Sorry.
 Right.
 Yeah, so he's not obviously the Dalai Lama, but he is a...
 The China tried to make their own Lama, didn't they?
 I thought it was their own Dalai Lama.
 They said, right, okay, the guy that you guys have chosen in Tibet isn't the real one.
 We're going to have a lottery to choose, which is the real one.
 Oh, really?
 And they've had a lottery.
 Like, they put a load of names in an urn and pulled one out, and it was a child.
 How did that go for them?
 Is he being raised now?
 I think he is, isn't he?
 I think he is.
 I think he is, isn't he?
 Could I just mention yogic flying, because I like it.
 Yeah.
 So, you know, there was this big 1950s movement, the Transcendental Meditation movement,
 and it was a group of people who took on the idea of the power of the frog, I think it's
 called in Hindu and Buddhist philosophy, and it's the idea that you could reach a state
 of meditation where you can fly.
 And the famously, there was the natural law party in the 80s, where they tried to get
 into politics, and they would do this for the flying thing.
 Yeah.
 So, it's quite funny, when I think there's video footage of the groups that tried to do it.
 The Beatles were quite interested in it, and yogic flying has three stages, and stage
 one is hopping, and stage two is floating, and stage three is flying.
 Oh, I can use one of those.
 It's very much...
 The key breach point is between one and two, though, isn't it?
 Right.
 So, you've got two.
 Your three is probably going to be fine.
 So, the Transcendental Movement itself admits that no one in the modern era has yet
 got beyond stage one.
 He's had it, guys.
 Do you guys know, have you guys heard of Druc Parkunli?
 No.
 He was a Buddhist master in the 15th century.
 He was the guy who brought Buddhism to Bhutan, and he had pretty wacky methods of enlightening
 people and pretty wacky Buddhist practices.
 He mainly tried his methods on women, and so he had the title, "The Saint of the 5,000
 Women."
 So, the other things women would seek is blessing in the form of sex.
 He's called the Divine Madman, is that the guy?
 He's still called the Divine Madman.
 His penis is called the Thunderbolt of Flaming Wisdom, because...
 Yeah, I've been invited by it.
 Oh, you have, haven't you?
 Yeah.
 What do you mean?
 What?
 When I've been to a, what do you call these, like a temple of his, and as you go in there's
 a priest with a large wooden phallus, and he sort of puts it on your shoulder, like
 writing it like the Queen would, well...
 The Queen would, exactly, but then it's supposed to be like a fertility thing.
 God, Boltons changed.
 It's always last there.
 Where is it?
 Where is it in the Bhutan?
 Okay, cool.
 That's an apunachra thing.
 That's amazing.
 That's what he does.
 He's been anointed by the phallus of, what is it called, the Thunderbolt of...
 It's the Thunderbolt of Flaming Wisdom.
 It had the power to turn a woman into deities, but I guess that was the real thing.
 I don't think James is a god.
 But what happens is you walk into this temple and the priest approaches you with a giant
 phallus.
 I imagine the first time that happened, it was probably Brother David.
 Exactly.
 Well, the houses around here, they paint phalluses on their walls as well.
 Around there.
 Around this area.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 And this, yeah, if you go around there, there's like shops like that sell like local produce
 and they all have big pictures of penises on the walls.
 You would draw those on walls around near where I live as well, actually, yeah.
 I don't know.
 So you guys were religious comedians?
 You were religious comedians.
 Yeah, apparently.
 On your front door.
 Yeah.
 What a devout place.
 We are.
 Maybe that's what the Buddha meant when he says withdrawn genitalia, withdrawn genitalia.
 Oh my goodness.
 Oh my goodness.
 See the podcast.
 Stop the podcast.
 Hi, everybody.
 It's Andy here.
 Sorry to cut into the fact a get in that's happening.
 This is just to remind you that today's podcast is sponsored by Squarespace, the website
 building website company.
 So if you like websites and you want to see another one of them in the world, which you
 have birthed, then they're very good people to do it with.
 They offer a lot of support and things like that.
 And also if you go to their website and type in the code fish, they'll give you 10% off
 your website.
 All right.
 Carry on with the podcast.
 Okay, time for fact number three.
 And that's my fact.
 And my fact this week is that the whoopie cushion was invented by Roman Emperor called
 Basie Anus.
 Now that is just I've never heard of this emperor.
 So the Roman Emperor Ella Gabelus, he is, he's the famous, that's his name, his birth
 name was Basie Anus.
 Now I'm sure it might be pronounced Cassianus, sorry like that, but when you read it and you
 find out he invented the whoopie cushion, I just don't know how.
 You can't let that go.
 Yeah.
 Basie Anus.
 Well, describe the whoopie cushion.
 Well, it was obviously a prototype to what we have now.
 He was in development of health in nearly 2000 years.
 prototype.
 He just used to bring a cushion that had air in it and he would bring it to his dinner parties.
 And he was only 14 or so at the time, he was a very young emperor.
 And it just used to be his little party trick, his little, let out air while he was there.
 That's all we know about it, really, isn't it?
 Yeah, it couldn't be rather, it could be rather that they were at a normal height and then
 just got lower and lower and lower as it went on.
 I don't know if it made a farting noise, it might have done.
 Yeah, I think it's, I mean, any, you know, anything full of air where you've got something
 coming out of a sphincter that it's going to make a noise.
 Yeah, especially because they had to come out slowly, I guess, because they had to sink
 gradually.
 And they would be one of the squeaky farts.
 Yeah.
 But went on forever.
 Yeah, yeah.
 All dinner.
 Oh, this is still embarrassing.
 Another thing Ella Gabelus did to dinner guests, apparently, is suffocated a bunch of dinner
 guests under loads of rose petals.
 Really?
 He was been rebastered.
 But yeah, I think that was quite an imaginative way to go about murdering your dinner guests
 if you do want to do that.
 That's true.
 Did he mean to you?
 Or was that actually he actually just wanted them to go home?
 It was kind of his way of hinting that it was late.
 He was tired.
 Yeah.
 He locked them in a room, didn't he, and they had a fake ceiling, and he dropped out all these
 rose petals, but there were so many of them that they all suffocated.
 But he didn't mean them, too.
 I thought he was trying to kill them.
 Oh, I don't know.
 He was a total dick, though, wasn't he?
 Yeah.
 Like, I don't know much about him, but from what I've read.
 He was a real bassy anor.
 Yeah.
 He was a nice guy.
 He had all these, I mean, but it's one of those ones where the stories are like half
 funny, as well as like the bad bits.
 Like he kind of just used to go and prostitute himself in bars and dresses a woman, and he purposefully
 tried to piss off people so that they would beat him up because he had a bit of a fetish
 about being beat up, and he's a very odd character.
 The weirdest thing I read is that he wanted to have his dick chopped off, right?
 And so he went to a doctor, and the doctor said, I don't want to do that.
 And he said, no, do it.
 And they apparently they really like thrashed out the conversation.
 And the compromise, and this from what I read, they said they compromised on.
 He was circumcised.
 And that's a hell of a compromise.
 That's a huge compromise.
 Yeah.
 That is kind of level one.
 That is kind of level one.
 And the few hours of shopping at penis, I'll just take.
 Wait.
 What's the third one?
 I think the third one is the full shopping.
 Absolutely.
 His total lob off.
 Well, the second one.
 I don't want to know.
 I don't want to know.
 I don't want to know.
 Right.
 Yeah.
 So interesting character.
 Yeah.
 And again, it's another thing where just even if it, like for me, the enjoyable thing of the
 fact is that he was called Bayceanus, but actually the initial thing of the whoopie cushion
 being invented as far back as then is like on a previous podcast when I found out that
 yo-yos were being used from that period as well.
 It's so out of place to me to think that a whoopie cushion was that far back in time
 as a practical joke as well.
 Yeah.
 You know, the whoopie cushion when it had its first 20th century origin wasn't actually
 called a whoopie cushion.
 It was called a musical seat in 1926.
 And it didn't really make a fart noise either.
 So it wasn't very good.
 But it didn't make music.
 Well, in the catalog it says, sounds like you sat on a cat.
 It made this weird little scream.
 It was quite upsetting to hear, apparently, like a screeching cat or a crying child.
 And then it was invented and then initially it was called the poo-poo cushion or the boop boop-a-dupe.
 These are not good names.
 But when they hit on the name whoopie cushion which was only in 1932, that was after the slang
 term whoopie, making whoopie is a slang term for having sex.
 So the whoopie cushion is named after sex.
 So it was a sex cushioned.
 So who made that connection?
 That was useful.
 Yeah.
 Well, there was a hit song in 1928 called Making Whoopie.
 Yeah.
 And I think who's called the whoopie cushion a few years later?
 Well, I think whoopie then became just having fun on that and then became lighter.
 That makes more sense.
 So Soren Sorenson Adams, who was a very famous joke developer, the SS Adams code, loads
 of stuff like the insect in an ice cube and the flower that squirts stuff out.
 Yeah, all of these really classic jokes, a lot of them were invented by him.
 Wow.
 But he turned down the whoopie cushion initially because he thought it was indelicate.
 And then he realized this mistake soon after it was, you know, to become a big success.
 And he made his own one, which was called the raspberry cushioned.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 But he also invented the joy buzzer, which is the hand buzzer.
 Exactly.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 You know, when you shake hands with someone and there's a buzzer and it's a little electric
 shock or something.
 It's actually just a vibration, isn't it?
 That's it.
 Yeah.
 But I just want to read you this.
 It was modeled after another product, the zapper, which was similar to the joy buzzer,
 did not have a very effective buzz and contained a button that had a blunt point that would hurt
 the person whose hand was shaken.
 So just a mini knife, basically.
 It's just got you really good with that one.
 Yeah, I'll get the managers, yeah, yeah.
 It was funny, Brian.
 I just stabbed you in the chest.
 Now, just stand underneath all these rose petals.
 Yeah.
 And take a smell of my flower.
 It's a gum.
 So Sir Vincent Adams, he started off with itching powder, no sneezing powder, no sneezing
 powder.
 Okay, yeah.
 And he worked for a company that made this, whatever product it was.
 And they had this dustless left over from the product and he noticed that people were sneezing
 from it.
 And so then he thought, oh, this is a great prank I can make this and sell it.
 And he started selling loads and loads of the sneezing powder and became really big.
 It was called Kachoo.
 And his first year, he sold $15,000 worth, but 25 years later the FDA banned it as a toxic
 substance.
 So for all that time, he'd be poisoning people as well as making them sneeze.
 Oh, wow.
 It was genuinely toxic.
 Yeah.
 No, that's quite funny.
 That is health and safety gone mad.
 Another thing they used was itching powder, wasn't it, in World War II?
 Okay.
 And it came, there was an idea to plant itching powder on Nazis in various ways.
 And on the, on the like instructions that were given to people who were trying to infiltrate
 and plant this, it said, the greatest effect is produced by a plant.
 Find the powder to the inside of the underclothing, so I don't know how it was intended.
 I'll do it.
 Wow.
 Yeah, exactly.
 I think when they were pitching that in the meeting, they said, okay, so let me get this right.
 You've made it right up to a Nazi.
 You got your gun in here.
 Okay.
 So now I want you to take out the gun and just use it to apply a bit of the itching powder
 to his underclothes.
 Be careful.
 In World War I, they had sneezing powder, the Germans, this is.
 And it didn't do you that much harm.
 Apart from, it made you sneeze, so it made you take off your gas mask and then they'd be
 able to get you with the other stuff.
 Cheeky.
 Wow.
 Okay.
 Why don't you take off your gas mask when he sneezes?
 You don't want to get spit when I think it was like, it would kind of just get in the
 eyes and in the nose and stuff, they just need a fresher.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 Wow.
 The man who invented the fart machine, much later than the whoopee cushion.
 He tried to record the sounds with his friend, his name was Fred Jarrow and his, he and his friend
 John Blackman, who was developing it.
 They tried to record it by going into a recording studio after having eaten lots of fart-causing
 food like cabbage and beans and things and they said it didn't work.
 They didn't sound right.
 Yeah.
 What did the people around them say?
 You're never using us recording studio again.
 What did they use in the end for the sounds?
 Synthesizer.
 Oh.
 Wow.
 Wow.
 Okay.
 Oh yeah.
 Like, my old Yamaha didn't have a fart button.
 So like, is that, have I just not understanding how synthesizers work?
 I don't know.
 So here's the thing, a synthesizer uses recordings of sounds that it does at least.
 So it must have got it from somewhere else originally.
 Yeah.
 All right.
 I don't know the full details on this one.
 I'm going to fess up.
 I think they use, I think they used existing sounds and slowed them down and sped them up.
 Oh yeah.
 Made them.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 That makes sense.
 Yeah.
 One more prankster was Jim Moran in America who was born in 1970.
 He lived until 1999.
 He was called America's number one prankster.
 And he did lots of, you know, fun, crazy pranks like he walked a bull through a China shot
 once and he did this kind of thing.
 He also looked for a needle in a haystack in 1939 and it took him 82 hours before he found
 it.
 Yeah.
 But who's that a Joe Khan?
 No, yeah.
 Of himself, isn't it?
 It was near the bottom and slightly to the left of center.
 But this, I love so much about it.
 Pranks does try to set fire to the haystack five times while he was in it.
 Out pranking the prankster.
 Judges on him.
 - Klinger. - Why do you?
 - How do you fail to light?
 - It's good for him. - Hey.
 - Well, you know the saying, is it like, what?
 - It's like, trying to say, fire to a haze there.
 - How do you know the needle was in there?
 - I think he put it in there. - Was he just like
 fingers crossed? Okay, he definitely,
 so if he put it there.
 (laughing)
 - That's a very good point.
 - Well, he must have thrown it in and then it must have fallen.
 - No, I think he would've got a friend to put it in there.
 - Yeah, yeah. - I'm amazed he had friends.
 (laughing)
 - Okay, time for our final fact of the show.
 And that is James.
 - Okay, my fact this week is that
 the oldest known purse is decorated with dog's teeth.
 - Okay. - So he's very old bling.
 This is found in a grave dated to 2,500 BC.
 And it was a leather pouch decorated with dog's teeth
 in a nice little pattern.
 But over the years, the leather has disappeared
 so that all was left was the teeth.
 - Cool.
 - But they've kind of worked out that it must have been,
 must have been the purse.
 - Rather than a dog.
 (laughing)
 - He was decorated in the shape of the dog's mouth.
 (laughing)
 And next to it was like a bum bag with decorated with dogs.
 - Skellison.
 (laughing)
 - Yeah, that's really interesting.
 I guess they use what they could find.
 - Yeah. - Yeah.
 - What were they carrying back then?
 - I don't know, really.
 If you would carry, let's say you'd carry
 - More dogs' teeth.
 (laughing)
 - They meant the purse.
 - Something valuable or some food
 or some, you know, a tool or something.
 - Yeah.
 - And so this is according to Harold Stalbel,
 the senior archaeologist at Germany's Saxon State
 Archaeology Office.
 And he thinks that it was very fashionable at the time
 to decorate these handbags with dogs' teeth
 'cause he says that not everyone was buried with them.
 It was only people of high status.
 - Right.
 - So it must have been quite good.
 - High status people who are catching dogs.
 - Yeah.
 - Maybe that was a sign of yours.
 I mean, what meant high status 3,000 years ago?
 - Yeah, we're, what, like, civilization
 are we talking about?
 - What's wrong with stone age?
 - Bronze age. - Yeah.
 - Bronze age.
 - I do like that we've, humans have wanted to
 adorn ourselves since, as long as we know,
 they've existed, basically.
 And we've just fine, fine, all the kids.
 - Yeah, and the cells as well, didn't they?
 They had, like, little trinkets and stuff
 they were buried with.
 - Yeah.
 Like, I think that oldest, I think maybe until 2006,
 the oldest jewelry we had was snail shells, weren't they?
 From about 75, I wanna say 75,000 years ago.
 And we found them in a cave in South Africa.
 And it was just, like, little holes drilled in snail shells,
 which they think they used to hook them into their,
 some bit of their body.
 - In the Bible, Judas is specifically identified
 as the guy who was carrying the purse.
 - See?
 - Yeah.
 - Well, he was given money in the purse.
 Wasn't he, he was given 30 pieces of silver
 in that's true purse.
 - I thought that was, what was the name?
 - His name.
 - Sorry, gone.
 - Well, he took, if Jesus was given anything.
 So it says in John's Gospel, Judas had the purse into which
 was put whatsoever was ministered to Christ.
 So he was the banker.
 As always, when playing monopoly, as in the Bible,
 don't trust the banker.
 (all laughing)
 - He's cheated.
 - That'd be a good action version of monopoly.
 - Yeah, well, you have to betray one of them,
 one of the other players who's then crucified.
 (all laughing)
 - That must be why, so Judas is scarier.
 The name is scarier, it comes from the Latin score tear,
 which is a purse or a bag used to carry money.
 - Yeah.
 - So maybe that's why the word scrotum comes from.
 - I wonder.
 - I bet it is.
 - So was he Mr. Moneybags?
 - I guess he was Mr. Moneybags.
 - Oh, Mr. Scrotum.
 (all laughing)
 - No one, he was resentful.
 - Guys, it means moneybags.
 (all laughing)
 - You'll see, you'll see, yeah, yeah, Judas.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah, Scrotum.
 - Well, Scrotum's have been used as purses.
 - Perfect.
 - Well, they use them, like in Australia,
 you can buy like kangaroo scrotum.
 - Oh, yeah.
 - Oh, that's right, that's really big at the moment.
 - Yeah, it is, yeah.
 - Apparently the best one is a W-shaped kangaroo scrotum purse.
 And that is kind of, if you can imagine the two bits
 of the testicles go, rather than being attached
 like webtoes might be, they're kind of more like a W-shaped.
 - Is that so you can keep different things
 in the different--
 - I think it's just 'cause they're rare.
 It's like one in 10,000 kangaroo scrotums shaped like this.
 - It's like a lucky folly clover, except for the kangaroo.
 (all laughing)
 - Speaking of designer, handbags and stuff like that,
 women's bags are much more expensive than men's bags
 no matter what they look like or anything.
 So there was, there's a purse blog run by someone
 called Amanda Moll, and she looked at all the different things
 that you could buy, and she found that for two bags,
 which are virtually identical, one for women and one for men.
 The woman's won cost $2.96 a cubic inch,
 and the men's won cost $1.54 a cubic inch,
 and they're pretty much identical, so the idea is basically
 to just charge Mark as it's same little woman.
 - So on designer bags, Louis Vuitton apparently burns
 all of his bags that he's made that year,
 not him personally, he gets someone to burn,
 all the bags he's made that year,
 so that they don't get sold on the cheap,
 the next year 'cause it devalues the items.
 - Wow, so all the ones that have been sold
 in the shop say--
 - So first of all, they have an in-house private Louis Vuitton
 sale for Louis Vuitton staff,
 so people can buy, like, slightly reduced price,
 and then, but they keep tabs on who's bought them,
 so they can track them.
 So if one of them appears on eBay,
 Louis's gonna be like, "You put this on eBay,
 that's not cool."
 So you can give one as a gift, I think,
 and then he burns all the rest.
 Make sure it doesn't devalue the brand.
 - That is insane.
 - He's pretty mental.
 - Yeah, that would have been awesome.
 - That's why he's never made anything of himself.
 (laughing)
 - Are there any other careers in which he would just
 set fire to all your stuff at the end of the--
 - Well, it kind of reminds me a bit,
 not setting fire to it, but a bit like what DeBears did
 with diamonds in that they deliberately don't sell them
 to keep the prices high.
 - Yeah.
 - And grain, I mean, it's the same thing with grain, isn't it?
 Just stop grain prices from going nuts.
 I'm not very good at understanding this.
 Don't we have huge stocks of grain
 that go across and every year?
 - I like bottom mountains and all that kind of thing.
 - There is a new year's ritual somewhere
 where you write down that you make little pieces
 of paper sculpture, basically,
 on which you have already written things
 that you didn't really enjoy about last year,
 and then you set fire to them on midnight.
 It's quite fun.
 I've tried that one, yeah.
 - Did you?
 - Yeah, set fire to the house.
 It was so much that you were unhappy with.
 - Yeah.
 So the year always begins with a big insurance claim.
 (laughing)
 - Emma, that's the first item in the next year's list.
 - That's a thing in China as well,
 that you write down a confession,
 and you do on three separate bits of paper,
 and then you like the confession up,
 and it's a way of almost a priest saying that you can do it.
 - That must be bad if your lighter runs out
 and you've written something really darkly on the piece
 of paper like, "Oh my god, oh god, oh god."
 - Is there a reason why it's three, DeBears?
 - I'm not sure I saw it on the Carl Pilkington idiot
 of Broadway.
 - Oh my gosh, it was because you grew up in China.
 (laughing)
 - You know the hamburger originally meant
 a bit of luggage for a man.
 The original hamburger is worth a man.
 - Yeah.
 - And then it only became a women's specific item
 in 1841, I think, didn't it?
 - Yeah, it's really recent.
 - And do you know who invented it?
 The guy who invented the hamburger
 also invented butterscotch.
 - Samil Parkinson.
 - Yeah.
 - That is two cool things to invent, isn't it?
 - Yeah.
 - Yeah, it is cool.
 So he came in donkaster, it's from donkaster.
 Well done donkaster.
 - Is it?
 - What about donkaster?
 - It's from donkaster.
 - Yeah.
 - Well done.
 - And yeah, so he introduced handbags
 as a women's item, specific women's item
 because before women only had those reticules
 which are like those tiny drawstring bags
 that you could basically fit an earring in.
 And he said to you wrote to a designer
 and was like, "My wife needs to travel on a train."
 - My wife from donkaster.
 (laughing)
 - So I looked up a few of the oldest things
 that we know of in particular different fields.
 - Okay.
 - So the oldest copy of a gospel
 was found inside the mask of a mummy.
 - Oh.
 - Wasn't that really recent?
 - Wow.
 - That was really recent.
 - Yeah, it was discovered.
 And it was basically, they made all these things out,
 it was made out of papyrus,
 which was then basically turned into papier mache.
 And all kinds of different things were used,
 all kinds of texts were used to make mummy's masks.
 So there were business papers and just personal letters
 or biblical documents like the early gospel.
 - Do you think it was for something for them to read?
 (laughing)
 - Yeah, it was the Google Glass of its day.
 (laughing)
 - Oh, that would be awful.
 I'm getting so tired of this.
 - Yeah, and then you were in the beginning, yeah.
 - Will somebody turn the page?
 (laughing)
 - Sorry, go on.
 - And so Greek texts, things like "Home is Odyssey"
 would be used as the contents of a papier mache,
 papyrus mask.
 - Wow.
 - That's so strange.
 Are you never think of that?
 - No.
 - What did they make it out of?
 - Yeah.
 - Yeah, that's really cool.
 - The paper, it seems, they just use it.
 - They can read it now by taking the mask apart.
 - It's like, today's headlines are tomorrow's papier mache
 mummy masks.
 (laughing)
 It's probably a saying in those days.
 - Yeah, and when you go to the fish and chip shop,
 they give you a mummy's mask, we use it out.
 (laughing)
 - The world's oldest human footprints outside Africa.
 - Anyone guesses on where they are?
 - Yeah, they're in there.
 - Just on the board and leaving Africa.
 (laughing)
 - They're on a beach in England.
 - Yeah, they're in Norfolk.
 - Hang on, they're on a beach
 that what the tide just never came in and washed them away.
 - Basically, they, it's quite tricky.
 They were indentations in the,
 not in the rock, but in the, it's--
 - Sand.
 - Yeah, it's not in the beach.
 - It's not like the beach in the water is just misty.
 (laughing)
 - Yeah, it's eight millions of you.
 (laughing)
 - No, it's really hard.
 I read an entire article about this and it's kind of vague,
 but they were on the beach.
 They have now been washed away,
 but they were indentations in the beach somehow,
 which resembled footprints.
 I have no idea how they dated them as well,
 but they are--
 - 800,000 years old, that's the amazing thing.
 - I thought it was basically the idea of mud
 and then the mud dried and kept them
 and then a beach, what they discovered was the sand
 on the beach kind of disappeared and revealed them.
 - Yes, that is exactly it.
 - 800,000, that is amazing.
 - But the replaces in the UK where you can see footprints
 of dinosaurs in the same way, which have been like
 whether they are muds hardened.
 - It's amazing. - It's amazing.
 It's so cool.
 And they only had a very short space of time
 to get imprints of these before they were washed away
 by rain and by the effects of the waves.
 And there was one adult and five children with him.
 That's all we know about these footprints,
 this family or whoever it was.
 Yeah. - How cool is that?
 - It is good.
 - So Dog's teeth were used as currency
 in Papua New Guinea until as recently as 1960.
 - What? - Yeah, that's amazing.
 - In 1876, we know what you could get for so many teeth.
 You could get a bride for a hundred dogs teeth.
 That was like the price of a dowry.
 - Wow.
 - I don't really, like there's not many there
 or I don't know really.
 I guess. - 'Cause if you're going out for dinner
 and you're going, oh, we should probably pick up
 a built-inite, how many dog teeth should we bring?
 Should we bring Rover with us in just in case?
 Like could you, was it special type of teeth?
 - What I think it is, and I might be wrong about this,
 but teeth have been, and animal bonds,
 especially been used forever as things to like cut
 or to, you know, they're useful tools
 'cause they're hard and you can do things.
 So I reckon it's quite often currencies
 are made out of things that are useful
 and then they trade them and then they become a currency.
 So I bet it's probably something like that.
 - Okay, that's interesting.
 - Although when you say a hundred dog's teeth,
 that is ambiguous.
 Is it the teeth of a hundred dogs?
 - Oh no.
 - Or is it a hundred teeth?
 - What is the apostrophe in that?
 - What is the apostrophe?
 - Yeah, no, it's a hundred teeth.
 - A hundred teeth.
 - That come from dogs.
 - So you don't want to accidentally murder a hundred dogs
 and realize you only need to do three or something.
 - Darling, we're rich.
 (all laughing)
 - That's great.
 - Have we got any more?
 Should we wrap up?
 - Yeah, I've done.
 - Oldest penis.
 In the world, the oldest penis is a hundred million years old.
 - What?
 - Is it a penis for dinosaurs?
 - It belonged to an ostracod,
 which is an early kind of crustacean
 and it was found on a fossil of that
 and some scientists found it
 and they analyzed it.
 One of them was Professor David Siviter
 of the University of Leicester
 and it was on a tiny marine creature
 which was about one millimeter wide.
 I'm not sure whether that was the penis
 or the whole animal.
 But the one millimeter penis on the...
 - Oh my God.
 - It was drawn, it was the butter.
 (all laughing)
 But he says that it doesn't have one penis, it has two.
 So the earliest ever penis that we've got
 is from an animal which had two of them.
 - Wow.
 - That's great.
 - That's cool.
 - Yeah.
 - Nice.
 - I like it.
 - Yeah, me too.
 - I'll show you wrap up.
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, that's it.
 That's all of our facts.
 Thanks so much for listening.
 If you want to get in contact
 with any of us about the things that we've said
 over the course of this show,
 you can find us all on Twitter.
 I'm on @Shryerland.
 Andy.
 - I'm @UndruKontoM.
 - James.
 - @Xshaped.
 - And Anna.
 - You can email podcast@QI.com.
 - Yep, and we'll be back again next week.
 Also, if you go to QI.com/podcast
 or no such thing as a fish.com,
 you can find all of our previous episodes
 that we've done.
 Have a listen and we'll be back again
 with another episode next week.
 Goodbye.
 ♪ What we can do if you hold on to me ♪
 ♪ And I'll hold on to you ♪
 ♪ We'll start every game together ♪
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
