 [music]
 Everyone, welcome to this week's episode of No Such Thing as a Fish Where We Were
 Chained by someone who a lot of you will be very excited to hear.
 Yes.
 It's the return of Ann Miller.
 The comeback.
 Our colleague Ann joined us for this week's episode.
 It was so nice having her back on.
 She had a classic Ann Fack, which you're about to hear.
 And it was just great. It was a really nice episode.
 I love you to have her back.
 Does she have anything that we can plug at the top of the show this week?
 She does, actually. She's got a book coming
 in, I think it's coming in a few months time,
 but it's available to pre-order now.
 And it's called Monster Diaries.
 I think there's going to be a few of them.
 I hope so anyway.
 And basically, it's kind of classical stories
 where there's often a monster.
 Like Greek Mets and stuff.
 Exactly, but from the monster's point of view.
 Oh, very similar.
 So the first one is about the Cyclops,
 but it's the Cyclops getting to tell his side of the story.
 And it's just, it's a lovely idea.
 They're beautifully illustrated.
 I've seen the drawings that have been going into them.
 So that is highly recommended.
 The Monster Diaries.
 By Anne Miller and indeed, if you go to the places where you buy books,
 you'll find all of Anne's other books.
 She's written a whole lot of them.
 Yes, exactly.
 And one more thing to say before we start.
 Gone.
 Christmas is coming.
 The goose is getting fat.
 Please, but a penny?
 In the old man's hat.
 Feels stingy.
 Um, but you might be thinking about what to get your loved ones for Christmas.
 Yeah.
 And you might be thinking, oh, it's so hard
 to buy a physical object for people.
 I'm thinking what to buy my wife.
 Well, what she really loves to hear is my voice more and more.
 She doesn't get nearly enough of it.
 Absolutely.
 Well, James, you should buy her access to Club Fish.
 Oh.
 Yeah.
 It's the members club that we have where you can get extra content.
 You can get ad-free episodes of Fish.
 And you can get all sorts of stuff.
 And there are a few different tiers you can do.
 Up to the very top tier where we're going to be doing a quarterly quiz.
 The first of those is coming up soon.
 And it's going to be so much fun on Zoom with all of your members.
 So, uh, it's really fun.
 It's a great present to give someone.
 Because it's an experience.
 Absolutely.
 I'm going to get my wife one straight away.
 I'm going to send that sports car back.
 She'll be delighted.
 [LAUGHS]
 Excellent.
 James, how do people find out more about this Club Fish place?
 I would imagine you probably go to patreon.com/nosephix.
 I think you're right.
 You are right.
 That's where you go.
 Patreon.com/nosephix.
 Go and check it out.
 It's so much fun.
 It will make a lovely present for anyone in your life who likes Fish.
 Well, you know what?
 You deserve a present too.
 You sure do.
 Treat yourself.
 All right.
 I think outside, isn't it?
 That's all we have to say.
 Merry Christmas to come.
 On with the podcast.
 On with the show.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Hello and welcome to another episode.
 A no such thing as a fish, a weekly podcast coming to you
 from the QI offices in Hobern.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I am sitting here with Andrew Hunter Murray, James Harkin,
 and Ann Meller.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days.
 And in a particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, and that is Ann.
 After you bake panatoni, you have to hang them upside down
 like that's.
 So cute.
 I would say this is a vintage Ann Meller fact.
 And that it's interesting, but it's also quite sweet.
 Yeah.
 What a return.
 Yeah.
 What a return.
 And Christmas is coming.
 Christmas is coming.
 So why?
 Why do you have to?
 So I got very interested in a big deep dive
 about how you make traditional panatoni.
 And the result was I became desperate to eat very high quality
 in the toning.
 How deep is the deep dive on panatoning?
 I'll send you the links.
 Some great articles.
 Basically, traditional panatoni is wildly
 controversial to make.
 It's a lot of very expensive ingredients,
 sip butter, and eggs and fruit.
 Actually half the volume of panatoni is butter on a proper one.
 That's why it tastes so good.
 Oh, there it is.
 So great.
 And it's--
 This just made me think I've never had a good panatoni,
 because I think of it as being a dry, otherwise--
 So I did see someone saying that if you need to butter it,
 it's not a traditional one.
 It's also a really lengthy process.
 And at the end, all this care you've
 made to your panatoni, if you don't flip it upside down
 really quickly, it's quickly as 20 seconds.
 The dome was up to cave in.
 So the picture I found online, which I love,
 is this big wire rack with panatoni's hanging upside down,
 which suggests if you were to examine,
 as I will do this, Christmas, the bottom of your panatoni.
 And you see little holes where the wires have gone through.
 So they're hanging upside down to cool.
 Or another method is you can pop it upside down
 in a wicker basket.
 And it's about eight hours of upside down hanging
 for it to settle.
 Well, that's what I read.
 I've never made a panatoni.
 I've definitely--
 I wanted to until I read this.
 So you've not done this.
 I've decided it was going to take one man was 86.
 I've had been working since he was a child.
 And I can't compete with that, Dan.
 It sounds so hard.
 It sounds so hard.
 When you make some food or make anything in life,
 you don't have to compete with a person who
 is the absolute best at it.
 But I want to sample this one, not have a very inferior one,
 made by me.
 But you have picked the extreme end of panatoni
 making in your example.
 It's like saying, I decided not to become a footballer,
 because David Beckham exists.
 Well, exactly.
 I don't play football, Dan.
 Well, she is a QI researcher, and she's the best QI researcher.
 Yes, that's a lot about us, yeah.
 And was this Nicola Fiasconardo?
 I think so.
 So he is a Sicilian master baker.
 And the profile of him started out with saying,
 this is a man who has baked panatoni for not one, not two,
 but three different popes.
 That's just clearly good.
 But we've had quite a few popes.
 We've been through a lot of them here.
 Yeah.
 And what killed them?
 One of them was intering this master panatoni maker.
 And they said, we rang the shop to make sure he would be
 there ahead of our visit.
 And they said, he is always here.
 Right, lovely.
 But it's amazing.
 So they also have this special yeast.
 And in one bakery, they have been using the same local resource
 yeast since 1922, has to be fed with flour and water every four
 hours.
 What?
 Every four hours since 1922.
 I can see why you've now pulled out the pudding involved.
 That must be very strong.
 Well, yeah.
 I mean, Italy's been through a lot of upheaval in the--
 That's interesting.
 --since 1922, like they've had fascism, they've had the war.
 How long has Italy actually existed?
 It's 1870s, I think.
 So it's like a lot more than that.
 That yeast is almost as old as Italy.
 That's amazing.
 You, Andy, just mentioned that it possibly took out three
 popes.
 Yeah, I'd like to roll back from that a bit.
 But what's interesting is it most likely hasn't,
 because God is on the side of the panatoni.
 Right.
 Because we're assuming that God is on the side of those
 popes as well.
 Absolutely.
 They're not still here as I'll have say it.
 I think God is Italian.
 Yeah.
 God is Italian.
 Because the patron saint of choking and sore
 throats and so on is connected to panatoni.
 San Biagio.
 This is an amazing character.
 St. Blaze.
 St. Blaze for those who speak non-italian.
 Other languages are available.
 But yeah, I mean, interesting character.
 Born in Armenia, lived in the third and fourth centuries.
 And he got beatified and made into a saint
 because of miracles that were to do largely
 with saving people from choking.
 At least that was the main one.
 There was a kid that was choking on something.
 And he came, managed to take it out.
 And there was a miracle.
 He convinced a wolf to return a stolen pig.
 That was another reason for him being beatified.
 Returned him to the house, but it was made of straw.
 So it got him blown down.
 When you said patron saint of choking,
 I couldn't quite work out what is more like the patron saint
 of not choking.
 Sothras.
 Being saved.
 He's also being saved from.
 Just to say as well, he is a patron saint of wolf comas.
 So wolf comas are people who comb sheep.
 And they use really, really long sort of like a head brush.
 But it's like got nails in it.
 These wolf coms.
 But he's the patron saint of that.
 And the reason he's the patron saint of wolf comas
 is because before he was beheaded, he was beaten with wolf coms.
 Oh no.
 Right.
 Sothras, yeah, they're of the patron saint of something that killed them.
 Doesn't seem right.
 Doesn't seem right.
 It's not fair.
 I think panatone, you might be a classic Harkin singular plural problem.
 Oh, panatone.
 Panatone E with an eye is the plural.
 And panatone Neh with an E is the singular.
 Interesting.
 So should we all be saying, are we saying it wrong?
 Should we be saying, would you like some panatone Neh?
 I would say panatonees does feel weird when you say it.
 They don't usually eat more than they.
 Yeah, no, they'd like stuff at two.
 Stop but two.
 Half butter.
 They put it so there's no plural because no one's ever had to panatone.
 It's mentioned in a book by a chef called Friend of the Podcast.
 Bartolomeo Shapi.
 Oh yeah.
 Spelt Scappy.
 What's he friend of us for?
 He was Friend of the Podcast.
 He is the one who cooked for many popes
 and made incredible elaborate dishes and banquets.
 And then a new Pope came in and said,
 "No, I just want a lot of old egg from now on."
 And so he kind of lost it.
 But he wrote one of the first big cookbooks.
 So it was it was mentioned we think in a book by him.
 But they're all these kind of enriched breads,
 which are fruit and fruit peel and you know, all of this stuff.
 So it's a bit murky where it truly is.
 One of them is the Baba.
 I don't know if you know about Babas.
 You get Babas from Poland and other Slavic countries,
 but I think they probably came from panatonees
 and then they turn them into Babas.
 But the way that you make them is really regimented.
 It's almost like the Baba is a baby.
 So men are not allowed to enter the kitchen
 while they're being made.
 Do you have to whisper while you're cooking it
 in case it starts crying?
 Oh, I guess.
 That's lovely.
 And also you have to leave it to rest on a piece of eye
 to down before putting it in the oven.
 Outside down a regular way.
 Regular way.
 The advice has changed since the 1960s.
 You used to have to put it upside down.
 But never put it in with the parents.
 Well, do you always put it in with the parents?
 I can't imagine that at a time.
 Do you know what it means, panatone?
 I read one, the etymology that it was invented by a guy
 called Tony.
 I love that so much.
 It's so good.
 I mean, it's anti-tree, right?
 I think it just means big bread.
 Because the One means big as a suffix.
 So it's panne, obviously, at One.
 And I didn't know this.
 You know, in Italian, calzone.
 Oh, yeah.
 That is a big legging.
 What?
 Calzone is a legging.
 What do you mean, legging?
 Like a legging.
 Like you wear leggings, you know?
 That's tight.
 Oh, like a tie.
 So calzone is a legging.
 And calzone literally means trousers.
 So when you order a calzone, that's what you're ordering.
 It's a sleeve, basically.
 It's a sleeve for your legs, which is what I call my trousers.
 And it's full of hot, hot meat, as opposed to that.
 Do you know where?
 Like our legs, yeah.
 And do you know who the best panatone makers in the world are?
 We said that it might be this Italian who's been doing it for 80 years, but not according
 to the world championships.
 Oh.
 There's panatone world championships.
 There are.
 And they won in 2025.
 Which nationality do you think won the prize?
 If you guess it, I will give you £10 million.
 Oh.
 Oh, we allowed to cheat.
 I didn't.
 No, cheating.
 No, no, no.
 Let me qualify the cheating.
 I have a fact about panatone eaters, so I'm thinking it might be from that country.
 Have a guess.
 Peru.
 Nope.
 Mongolia.
 Closer, but no.
 Oh.
 Mars.
 Mars.
 Oh, lovely.
 And no, they're from Taiwan.
 They won it in 2025, and they won a load of gold medals for the best chocolate one, the best
 general one, the best gelato panatone.
 But an interesting rule in the panatone championships is if you don't wear a hat, you lose
 a point.
 And actually, it's anyone in your team.
 If anyone from your team doesn't wear a hat, you lose points for your panatone.
 What's the reason?
 They just have a very specific uniform that you have to wear.
 Right.
 It's got very specific, it's black shoes, black trousers, a special jacket that you get
 given by the organizers, naprin and a hat.
 And if any of them you don't wear, you lose points.
 I did really have to use a proper Italian mother yeast.
 Oh, yeah.
 To enter.
 And you're not allowed any accoutrements, really.
 You're allowed dried fruits, but you can't put like a kick out on top of something.
 But there is a chocolate round.
 Yeah.
 And again, they have very special things that you're allowed to pop up.
 So it's on skill rather than like crazy new flavors.
 No kick hats.
 No milky way.
 No crunchies.
 Why do these fun competitions always sound so intense?
 Like you'd have a hard attack halfway through doing it.
 This is serious stuff.
 Also because you've eaten a panatone that's half buffet, probably a preparation.
 Like your doctor will be checking that out.
 But I think they're very strict about it in places like Milan.
 So Milan, according to the Milanese Chamber of Commerce, I believe, they ruled that a traditional
 panatone has to be 20% salt on it and dried fruit.
 Which to be is insane.
 That's insane.
 It's insane.
 I always pick them out.
 Well, you're going to have a, you're going to be doing it a long time by a proper, tried
 one.
 Yeah.
 I don't even like a spotted dick with fruit in it.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 I hate those dried fruits.
 So you've not found a fruit cake?
 No.
 Absolutely not.
 And I have to change my office bake now.
 Right, man.
 In this piece about the fiasco narrow factory, they said they used manna as a sweetener.
 I don't know if you guys saw this.
 The food of the gods from their old testament.
 That's why it's expensive because you have to go into the desert for 40 years and eventually
 you get some of the, well, it's this, it's this resin which you get from ash trees and
 it's naturally quite sweet.
 And a journalist asked one of the fiasco narrow family, well, this is brilliant, but you've
 only reduced the sort of like white sugar that you put it in.
 Why don't you just use mana?
 And she said, we can't just use mana because mana has laxative properties, which applies
 the existence of a, of an experiment that went disastrous.
 Would you like the forbidden panoramic?
 Do you reckon that's what happens to the popes?
 Oh, questionably.
 Oh, questionably.
 That's amazing.
 Yeah.
 But another thing I didn't know about panoramic, so the saint dimensions, saint Viasco, saint
 blaze, because he saved this child from choking.
 There is a tradition that when you have your christmas panoramic, you save a piece.
 And on February 3rd, saint blaze is feast day.
 You toast it because it'll be stale by that point, you are allowed to butter this way, and
 then you eat it and there's meant to ward off sore throats for the past.
 Yeah.
 So I was reading more into saint Bajajur.
 And there is this really fun thing, which is, I think I found what was one of the original
 Heimlich maneuvers from this period.
 So he was 3rd, 4th century.
 This was being practiced in the 6th century, right?
 So what would happen is, if a bone was stuck in your throat, if after initial attempts
 to get it out, sometimes they would say put a bit of bread in, and so it would go
 down, it would be pushed down by the bread.
 I think that's still the advice, isn't it?
 Right.
 It's what I do.
 Is it?
 You eat more when you're choking.
 Okay.
 If you've got a little bone stuck, you just have a bit of bread, it just sort of envelops
 it and takes it down.
 So you put it in the size of the bone.
 It does.
 It does.
 But no, that is still what happens if the bread gets stuck, then do you send, you know,
 a curly, oily down there?
 It's the, yeah, it's the middle-aged man who saw it a bone.
 And then, yeah, if anyone's choking while listening to this, please, please, please look
 up the NHS website.
 Don't take my advice.
 Yeah.
 Absolutely.
 That's always worked for me.
 Yep.
 Well, here's what I'll be doing.
 So if you want to try some six-century advice and the bone's not coming out, what you need
 to do, and this is a quote, is to go around and face the person who's choking and yell
 at them, come out bone, if you are a bone, or whatever you are, come out like Lazarus
 at the voice of Christ, come out of the tomb, and Jonah from the belly of the whale.
 And then that will get the bone out of your, yeah.
 Well, if it is a bone.
 If it is a bone.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two, and that is James.
 Okay.
 My fact this week is that those giant walking keyboards that Tom Hanks plays in big have existed
 in India for 500 years.
 Brilliant.
 Very good.
 How did they find it?
 Oh, it's just there.
 It's in a big old temple.
 You can't miss it, really.
 You can't tell when you're watching the film that he's in a 500-year-old Indian temple.
 It's really interesting.
 No, he looks like he's in the famous toy shop in New York, FAO Schwartz, doesn't he?
 Yeah, but that's the magic of film, isn't it?
 It's green screen.
 Yeah.
 No, so basically these are musical temples in India, which I read about, and there's lots
 of them around, especially in South India, and they have various bits of architecture which
 make music.
 And the one in particular that I'm talking about is called 'Eravatasvara Temple', situated
 in Dharasaram near Kumbh Bakanam in the Tanjabor district of Tamil Nadu.
 Yeah, okay.
 I was lost until you mentioned the final location.
 Imagine if you imagine India as a giant upside-down triangle.
 Yes.
 It's just up a bit, and to the right a bit, of the bottom angle of the triangle.
 I understand.
 Okay.
 You took those fences like a pro, that was just like, great.
 I have them very phonetically written out on my paper.
 But this temple, it has a staircase where every time you step on one of the steps, it makes
 a note, and it makes a note of a scale, which is effectively the same as that.
 So if anyone doesn't know the 1988 film with Tom Hanks, he is a 13-year-old boy who turns
 into an adult and plays around in toy shops and one of them, the most iconic scene probably
 he plays one of these giant floor pianos.
 Yeah, absolutely brilliant.
 Yeah, that's right.
 If I was a monk in one of these temples, what I would do is, I would climb up six of the
 steps, and I would jump off somehow, and that would irritate all the other monks in
 the temple, because they'd be waiting for the final.
 So good.
 So good.
 Oh, yes.
 Yeah.
 Well, thank you for going to the bottom.
 Dada.
 Dada.
 Dada.
 Dada.
 Actually, that's not what it would sound like, because they are of the carnatic musical
 scale, they're swarers, so they're not normal sort of ABCDFG notes.
 They are a double harmonic, so that's a scale with a D-flat and an A-flat for music nerds
 like Anne's husband.
 And so when you play it, if you play that scale, it sounds like you're in a 1980s movie and
 a snake's about to come out of a basket, so you know that kind of eastern sound.
 One way to explain it is, you know, in the song Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen, when they go
 "Scaramush, caramush, can you do the Fandango, that Dada, Dada, Dada, Dada, Dada, is in that kind
 of scale."
 Wow.
 That explains kind of what it would sound like.
 Did they use the steps to record that, or did they use the steps to do that?
 They did.
 You know what steps you're going to record on those steps?
 Oh.
 I mean, that would be a music video.
 Well, be hard to.
 I don't know if you've seen a video or a picture of these steps, but firstly, they're
 hard to get to, because they're in a cage now.
 So there's this big cage that goes around them and...
 No, it's John Cage, more like.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 John Cage and steps together at last, just getting all my modern references in there, you know.
 And yeah, it's an interesting staircase, because it's not a classic staircase.
 The full length of the stairs are the height of a man, the video I watched is a man who's
 standing on the side of it, and it's quite fun, because he's tapping the side, and you
 can hear all these notes.
 But yeah, they're very thin in terms of, you've got the staircase itself and the
 two barriers on the staircase.
 You'd almost have to walk single file with your feet with one front of the other in order
 to get up.
 But yeah, listening to it is fascinating.
 As you say, very odd scale, because it's the seven notes of classical Indian music.
 They do have other musical temples across India, which I love.
 And so there are so much have musical pillars, which ring with different notes when you
 strike them.
 And there are, I think, some blowing pillars.
 Basically, like a big cot, you just blow into the pillar, and it makes it, it's like an
 all-compire for a, like a conch, so like a recorder, like a recorder, yeah, or trump it,
 or a, we can all name, we can all master it.
 Did you read about the temple in Japan, where it's, it's got 1,000 steps, and step number
 27 is always wet and mossy, and the other steps are fine.
 And do we know why?
 The legend is that somebody died there, but they're probably a springer, a natural spring
 under the step.
 But they're all dry apart from one.
 27 club moss.
 That is a tortured joke.
 That's the worst I've ever, oh no, I'm really, it's not even top 100.
 You have to go through about 1,000 steps to get to that joke.
 Beautiful.
 Beautiful.
 There we go.
 Big.
 The big, the movie.
 The big piano.
 Yeah.
 It's a brilliant film.
 Oh, yeah.
 I hadn't, so I hadn't seen it for years and years and years.
 I watched it last night.
 Oh.
 It's a lucky dog.
 It's so good.
 I think it's slightly problematic, but I think it was probably problematic at the time.
 I think there is, there is a bit with people tend to gloss over.
 The fact that it's a 30 year old boy who then has sex with a full grown woman.
 Or be it in Tom Hanks' body.
 Oh, yeah, that is, that's, that's an interesting psychological question.
 Is it definite or is it implied or is it, I don't know, I don't know, I'll show it as
 it's you.
 But it is a brilliant film though.
 It's really good.
 It is good.
 It might have been known to be problematic at the time.
 Is because there's an actor called Deborah Winger and she was originally considered to be the
 main actress in this movie.
 She couldn't take the part because she was pregnant, but she knew the director and she
 said to the director, why don't we switch the gender and have it as a girl who becomes
 big and the director said, well, then you've got a teenage girl having sex with an adult
 man or be it in your body.
 They realized that that was problematic.
 They didn't make that extra step that it was all problematic, but that was the 80s volume.
 It was the 80s.
 And so it's got an amazing behind the scenes crew on it.
 So it was co-written by Anne Spielberg, who is Steven Spielberg's sister.
 And Steven Spielberg was originally asked to direct it, wanted to direct it, but then
 he thought, this will probably take away from my sister's role in it, she'll be shadowed
 by it.
 So it went to Penny Marshall, who's a brilliant director.
 And that scene with the piano was because it existed in that shop you mentioned, FAO Schwartz
 in America.
 And Spielberg was in there, saw it and immediately ran back saying, we've got to write this into
 it now.
 This is just going to be a game changer.
 I mean, what a weird insight to think that this is going to make the movie, which it kind
 of did in terms of its cultural footprint.
 Yeah.
 Also with that Anne Spielberg never did anything else, called it sure.
 I am DB, yeah, she's just one or two little things, but nothing you've heard of.
 I guess she was cancelled after the whole 13-year-old boy sleep.
 No, no.
 No.
 No.
 Interestingly about the 13-year-old boy, Tom Hanks really thought, how am I going to act like
 I'm a 13-year-old boy inside the body of an adult?
 And one story goes quite a few stories of how it was filmed.
 One story suggests that the little boy, who was actually playing the kid, would do all
 the scenes that Tom Hanks would watch the scenes with him doing it.
 And then he would emulate what the boy was doing then in the scene just to really get it.
 Something he did with Forest Gump as well, emulated the character of the kid to create the
 role of Forest Gump, the adult.
 I watched it, like I said last night, and I had read that as well, and you can kind of see
 if that's true, you can kind of see it.
 Like the one point he sort of dismantles this toy, and he does it in exactly the same way
 a child would do.
 And you think, either he's a brilliant actor or he copied a child, or both.
 How have you seen, so what are my favourite bodies for films?
 Is Jumanji welcome to the jungle?
 How are you seeing Jack Black playing?
 I have 14-year-old guys.
 Oh, yeah.
 So good.
 They're such solid films.
 That's so good.
 A friend of the podcast, Restorby, in that one.
 Oh, yeah.
 No one swaps his body, though, do they?
 No.
 No, he's the welcome to Jumanji's character when they arrive in the game.
 I wouldn't want his mind in my body restarting, no, you can't give him coverage.
 Big was the fourth body swap movie released in eight months.
 Oh.
 Isn't that, like...
 Is that Original Freaky Friday time?
 It was...
 There were three...
 The three others that preceded it were called "Like Father Like Son," "Vice Versa," and
 "18" again.
 And just...
 This was this...
 She'd rationally...
 Like, we think of it as one of the archetypal bodies for movies, along with things like
 "Freaky Friday" and "13 Going Up 30."
 But it was...
 It was just following this very long tradition.
 People like it.
 It's often what happens in Hollywood, isn't it?
 You are Armageddon in "Deep Ed Packed" at the same time.
 There's movies sort of a rhyme.
 Oh, yeah.
 Vincent Bugs Life at the same time.
 Yeah, exactly.
 But I think "Vice Versa" is the...
 There was a novel called "Vice Versa," and we might have mentioned that on this before.
 I think that's what it was based on.
 Just going back to the keyboard, they play a couple of different songs on there.
 One of them is "Chopsticks."
 So you know "Chopsticks" is what you'd like...
 One of the first things you learn as a kid.
 Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding.
 Do you know who wrote "Chopsticks"?
 Oh!
 It's the one you've never heard of, so...
 Oh, that's... Oh, it was written by Mozart's sister.
 What?
 Yep.
 Mozart Allen, his sister, Euphonia Allen, wrote that.
 She's called Euphonia.
 She's named after an instrument.
 Well, she's named after the Greek for "Beautiful Voice."
 Well, so Euphonia, isn't it?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 And he was named Mozart because their parents was really into music of what his kids could be really musical.
 Are you allowed to do it?
 I guess it's like getting in early with you.
 It's like calling a child tennis champion, isn't it?
 It's just kind of how your colors to the math early.
 Well, this was...
 We're talking 1870s.
 It was quite a long time ago to be given your kids wacky names.
 Yeah.
 I think...
 I mean, I say that as a parent of someone with a relatively uncommon name,
 but he was like a famous dance choreographer.
 Decided he wanted his kids to get into music.
 Called his daughter Euphonia, she wrote "Chopsticks."
 Called his son Mozart, and he went into music production.
 Right.
 Oh, yeah?
 Does she...
 Is it like Happy Birthday where she's still...
 It's in copyright.
 It will be out, I guess, by now, but she must have...
 It's well out of copyright.
 She wrote it when she was like 15 or something.
 Right.
 Do you...
 Any of you recognize the name "Berimo Serrachini"?
 Not the way you say it.
 It's nice.
 I've got something written down in my notes.
 "Berimo Serrachini."
 Ramos Serrachini?
 Yeah.
 Maybe Serrachini.
 Yeah.
 It could be anything who even knows.
 But he was the inventor of that great piano that we see in big.
 Amazing character.
 He was born in 1935 in Italy.
 He was an inventor ever since a child.
 He had a really interesting moment where he made a kite from a poster of Mussolini when he
 was a kid, which resulted in a visit from the secret police.
 Give him a minute.
 You can't string up Mussolini like that.
 That will see.
 Yeah.
 They gave him an official warning about anti-fascist activity.
 I apologize.
 The people at home couldn't see my nod of approval that I gave to that joke.
 It's not fair, because we take the piss when you do bad ones.
 Yeah, it's true.
 Yeah, I can't wear snow-winning.
 Yeah, yeah.
 I'll keep doing.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, no.
 Amazing inventor.
 He made this piano.
 He made lots of different gadgets.
 He made this incredible one, which was a stethoscope, stereosystem.
 So basically, you could dance to the rhythm of your own heartbeat.
 A lot of inventions were to do with touch, body, and voice.
 Problem.
 Yeah.
 Put in the stethoscope to your heartbeat.
 You're dancing.
 You get a bit more energetic, because you're dancing.
 Your heartbeat gets faster.
 You dance faster.
 You get more energetic.
 Your heart gets faster still.
 What is it, Ed?
 This thing has killed two popes.
 Little nine facts.
 But, Dan, did you say his origin was working where he was between 1965 and 1969?
 No, I didn't.
 He was a rocket scientist.
 He was working for NASA, working on the reentry systems, their electronics.
 He's really a proper, you know, really skilled engineer.
 He has invented some musical stairs as well, just to bring us back to the temple.
 So, yeah, cool guy.
 Very cool guy.
 If you guys tried the Stinging Lift at the South Park Centre.
 No.
 I have.
 It's so great.
 It's awesome.
 It's saying stuff.
 But what do you do?
 You just choose your floor.
 Yeah.
 And then it goes up.
 It goes up.
 It goes up.
 It goes up.
 It goes up.
 Level three.
 It's so great.
 So it is done by Martin Creed, who won the Turner Prize.
 And it follows the scale.
 And then it sings your floor to you.
 So next time you're there.
 What happens if the lift gets stuck?
 Does it have to sustain the note?
 And you just hear it say a breath.
 I haven't been stuck in it.
 It's like I'm personally saying.
 You just hear it go.
 Oh, my God.
 Oh, my God.
 Oh, my God.
 OK, it is time for fact number three.
 And that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that three months after Alex Honald became the first person ever to free
 solo climb El Capitan, his mum became the oldest woman to ever climb it.
 This is stunning.
 That's amazing.
 Yeah.
 It's a cool family.
 Yeah.
 So this is Alex Honald.
 This was an Oscar-winning documentary made with National Geographic.
 The New York Times called what he did, one of the greatest athletic feats of any kind ever.
 He free climbed, which means no ropes.
 It's just his hands his feet climbing up a 2,900 foot root of a mountain face.
 Like no one had ever done it before.
 No one has done it since and this was in 2017, three months later, his mum, not doing a free
 solo climb, but you can also climb El Capitan via the actual root, which goes through.
 Exactly.
 Made it up herself.
 Three months later.
 Amazing.
 Become the oldest person.
 Yeah.
 She's called Didri.
 She is incredible.
 Didri.
 Volovnik.
 Volovnich.
 She's called Didri.
 OK.
 She's stunning.
 She did the lurking fear root to get to the top, because all these roots have different weird
 names.
 Reassuring names.
 I think even the first to climb.
 You get to name.
 Yeah, reassuring.
 Exactly.
 And has anyone seen the film?
 No.
 It's seen a trailer.
 It's unbelievably exciting.
 And you sort of know that he doesn't die because they released the film.
 Yeah.
 But can I ask a question?
 Are we certain that there wasn't some body swath between Didri and Alex and that he
 climbed up it in her body?
 That's a great premise for a film.
 He was there to help her climb up it, I think, when she did.
 So that would have to be her in his body.
 I feel like we're focusing on the wrong thing.
 Yeah, yeah.
 It's an amazing climb.
 It's an amazing climb.
 El Capitan is this huge, it's like a sheer face of granite.
 I've been there.
 Have you?
 Yes.
 Did you free climb?
 Did you take the lurking fear root?
 Did you start?
 No.
 I was a good few meters away from the base.
 We're just far enough back that I could see the whole thing.
 Right.
 It's terrifying.
 It is.
 Absolutely terrifying.
 And even the root that she took is very hard.
 Now what's extraordinary is she did this at age 66, but she only started to learn climbing
 age 60.
 She taught herself to swim at age 40.
 So this is someone who is quite a late bloomer in general sporting.
 And then she went on to break the record again, breaking her own record, age 70, climbed
 at a second time, age 70, and she did it with a foot injury as well.
 It's because those whole family is nuts.
 Absolutely nuts.
 She's a really impressive woman.
 She's run marathon.
 She's conducted orchestras.
 She's been a publisher, you know, professor of five languages.
 And when they climbed El Capitan together the first time, he said, okay, well, we'll do it.
 You know, we'll just go up and down.
 So they took about 19 hours.
 He said, that's a reasonable time.
 He did not tell her.
 Normally, people take four days to do this for you say said, right, come on, man, let's
 just...
 We've got a day.
 Yeah.
 They're absolutely bananas.
 It's amazing.
 She says that when he was a child, he was climbing on pitch appliances before he turned
 to.
 So she knew he was going to become a climber.
 But I would say that's pretty much old kids.
 That's true.
 Yeah.
 That's true.
 Yeah.
 It's just like climbing on stuff, right?
 It's a pretty, it's a pretty amazing story.
 And I don't know how much Andy, this is shown in the documentary.
 But he basically had climbed up this route multiple times before, but with ropes.
 So this was the first time he was trying it on his own, and he memorized the entire route.
 He knew exactly where his hand was going at every single point as he was going up.
 And once he finished it, you would think, probably, okay, let's step away now.
 Let's go home and thank our lucky stars that nothing bad happened.
 What did he do?
 Well, because it was a documentary and they needed extra shots.
 He spent five more days recliming certain sections of it so that he could get better drone
 shots.
 For pickups.
 Can I just say he does wear sticky shoes?
 What?
 He wears sticky shoes.
 Well, it's a special kind of sticky rubber that helps you, especially if you can't really
 get much of a grip with your fingers.
 Because you're basically on with your fingernails.
 It just means that you're not going to, he's not wearing brogues.
 He's not wearing...
 Right.
 He didn't even do it in brogues.
 He was even a wreck all the time.
 But in my head, he was like, you know Batman from the old 70s shows where he just walks
 sideways up a wall.
 It just goes horizontal, yeah, it just walks up it.
 Yeah.
 No, you see him in the film, he makes all these notes because you just have to study the route
 so much.
 And you have to say like, this is good if you've got two fingers and you just need to hold
 your weight on two fingers while you get your foot across here.
 So it's incredibly detailed them mapping out.
 And it's...
 It's...
 You might leave a chalk mark to say like, put hand here.
 It's absolutely terrifying.
 And you often...
 He ends up hanging by one or two fingers above this, this absolutely insane drop.
 And I listen to it, I listen to an interview with him recently because he was talking about
 his attitude to risk.
 And he says, I actually don't think I am a high risk person.
 He says, I am a low risk person in lots of ways.
 The individual climbing moves I make are very, they're low risk, but they are high consequence.
 Yeah.
 I see.
 He doesn't seem to feel fit.
 No.
 It's like doing Russian roulette with 1,000 chambers and one bullet.
 Like you're probably not going to shoot yourself, but the one in 1,000 chavs of you losing,
 that's it, it's all over.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, yeah.
 He kind of said that actually the most worrying thing when he does these climbs is not
 the climb itself, but it's all the extra things going on around him.
 So while he was climbing El Capitan, there was someone at the top doing a tightrope walk.
 And so there were people yelling to the person doing the tightrope walk and he's like,
 oh my gosh, really distracting. He says the drones that were coming up to him and filming him
 sounded like he was being attacked by wasps and he was also going, what if they lose control
 of it?
 And this blade just comes in.
 It was a big drone.
 So for him, it was all the extra stuff that was quite worrying about the climb.
 Oh, and I love that he listens to music while he's doing it.
 Do you know who he listens to?
 No.
 Can we guess?
 Oh, it's a genre.
 Is it fallen by Alicia Keys?
 Really?
 That's band.
 That's it.
 It's rock.
 Rock.
 Ah.
 It's very cool.
 His fingers.
 You see a lot of them in the film.
 They're just like sausages.
 Are they?
 They're amazing.
 They're very, very strong.
 Right.
 Not exactly like sausages.
 I don't think of sausages as strong.
 Oh, you don't go to the restaurant, so I go to.
 But like, I would thought you might need quite thin fingers like to get into the crevices.
 He does not have the slim fingers of piano player.
 He's got powerful fingers that you can dangle from half an hour at a time.
 Hold the whole man above.
 Yeah.
 He said the thing he scared of more was giving a TED Talk about his climb than actually doing
 the climbing himself.
 I had a look for some other parent and child record breakers.
 Oh, right.
 I really enjoyed Charlotte and Nikki Bart, Australian mother and daughter.
 First mother and daughter to climb Everest together in 2008 and being Australian.
 They framed by dragging weights up and down one by beach to replicate sled and stringing
 ladders across swimming pools and up trees.
 Wow.
 Then they went under loads of other peaks.
 This seems to have felt some filings, I really have adrenaline and stuff in their field.
 I also found the record for the father and son marathon runners and their combined time
 is pretty respectable for a single person for five hours, which is not bad.
 And the dad was a three minutes faster than his son.
 So did they, they didn't run it together together?
 They ran at the same time.
 So the son in two hours, 31, dad, two hours, 27.
 Right.
 Lovely.
 He was a panel like supposedly he has something to do with his amygdala and his brain.
 Did you guys read that?
 No.
 So his amygdala, which is the part of your brain, which when you see something scary, it's
 what makes you run away or makes you fight.
 Apparently, when he sees disturbing images, his amygdala doesn't fire as much as normal people.
 And that might be the reason why he's perfectly willing to do these incredibly stupid things.
 I mean, even though he does have sticky shoes, I don't think I would.
 Sticky shoes, I can't believe that.
 James has knocking down the chair.
 He's not trying to.
 He's not trying to hear this.
 Yeah.
 And I believe that was part of the documentary.
 I don't remember that scene, Andy, but he goes into an MRI and they show him scary images
 and it doesn't register.
 Yeah.
 He's living, he's living in his van for the whole thing.
 It's really interesting.
 Well, we don't really know what happens when humans amygdala stops working.
 They've done in the 30s.
 They did some experiments on monkeys.
 And they removed the amygdala and the monkey started approaching snakes and like batting them
 around like sticks and playing with them.
 And we do have one patient called patient SM, who had a condition called lipoid protinosis
 where there were holes in her amygdala.
 And she was like relatively normal, but they did find that on one instance, she walked
 through a park alone at night, was attacked by a man with a knife and then the following
 day walked again through the same park because her amygdala wasn't working.
 Right.
 He seems very normal when you hear him talk though.
 He's a young dad.
 He's got two young kids, so I listened to an interview because he's got his own podcast
 now since the last few years.
 He interviews mountaineers.
 Oh my God.
 Let's get him on fish.
 Yeah.
 Wouldn't it be wonderful?
 He's a great speaker.
 And David Lenneman was saying, would you ever consider stopping this now because you're
 a father?
 And he's like, no, because it's to me, it's calculated risk.
 Can we get him on when I'm not here because I don't want him to like, I was joking about
 the stick and shoes.
 Yeah.
 Is it true?
 You also use chalk on your fingers, because there's another mountain that he freesolved,
 which is called Zion's moonlight buttress.
 And it's a 1,200 foot mountain.
 And when he did it, no one believed him for a few days after it.
 Even though this is, you know, half the size of El Capitan, and do you know why no one believed
 him?
 Rainy.
 Because he's a big old liar.
 Okay.
 James, give us your holiday dates and we'll make sure Alex can do it.
 It was because he, he, he, he ascended it on April the 1st and no one thought that it
 was real.
 And for the days after it was, yeah, they were convinced it was a prank.
 Can I give you some climbing lingo and see if you can guess what I mean?
 Yes, please.
 You're arms are too far back.
 That's nice.
 Close.
 I'm thinking like bingo wings, which is a phrase for, you know, your arms if they're a bit
 out of shape.
 Is it that your arms are juttering because you're so tired?
 Okay.
 Good guess.
 Now, it's a jamming technique where you bend your arm, insert your arm into a crack elbow
 first.
 And then that sort of jams you so you can climb up the wall.
 They are insane.
 These people.
 They are absolutely insane.
 A pindex.
 Oh, I know this one.
 Oh, yeah.
 If your span of your arms is longer than you are tall, isn't it?
 Well, it is, is the ratio of your arms to your, your height.
 Yeah.
 So if you have a high a pindex, then you would be as you.
 Yeah.
 I've mentioned mine.
 I've got a positive a pindex.
 How do you?
 My finger tip to finger tip is more than my height.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 Now, that's useful for some climbers.
 Oh, good.
 Hey, go on, Nick.
 And flapper.
 It's if you climb, um, but you climb using a elaborate feather boa and string of
 pearls as you're only in the 20s.
 In the 20s.
 Yeah.
 It's not that.
 It is when a large chunk of skin is ripped off your body, usually during a dynamic move.
 A dynamic move.
 These people are crazy.
 A dynamic move.
 Sliding.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 You do get ripped up, don't you?
 He wore long trousers and a t-shirt, um, but a lot of people might go topless or they might
 go, um, well, we need to poo when he's trying to get that honey.
 Doesn't.
 That's a great remake.
 I'd love to watch.
 Um, can I give you some, uh, root names?
 Yes.
 Because if you climb a root first, you often get to name it and there are different rules
 in different bits of the world about, you know, all of that, like some of them are a bit
 more stonky and official, but, um, there's the excellent adventure.
 It's a nice, bell and dead reference, um, too big to flail.
 Very good.
 One blunder, and it's six feet under.
 Scar trek.
 The next laceration.
 I like these.
 I like these names.
 They're very good.
 But no one else does.
 No, no, no, no.
 They're wonderful.
 Because they're the fun way of saying, you're probably going to die.
 Yeah.
 But let's all have a laugh before you do.
 It feels to me like they're adding jeopardy to something that doesn't need it in the first
 place.
 Maybe.
 You know, this thing is obviously very big and scary to climb.
 You don't have to call it L, shit yourself.
 Yes.
 Okay.
 Well, have a guess.
 See if you can guess what's special about the widow's tears root.
 There's a specific clue in that name, widow's tears.
 Well, when they sound, they're allowed to climb it.
 No.
 I know.
 Yeah.
 I read more of the mindset to be like, I will climb that frozen waterfall.
 Yeah.
 It's not skills that I have myself.
 Much like making panatoni.
 I just...
 Okay.
 It's time for our final fact to be like, I will climb that frozen waterfall.
 Yeah.
 It's not skills that I have myself.
 Much like making panatoni.
 I just...
 Okay.
 It is time for our final fact to be like, I will climb that frozen waterfall.
 Yeah.
 It's not skills that I have myself.
 Much like making panatoni.
 I just...
 Okay.
 It is time for our final fact to be like, I will climb that frozen waterfall.
 Yeah.
 It's not skills that I have myself.
 Much like making panatoni.
 I just...
 Okay.
 It is time for our final fact to the show and that is Andy.
 My fact is, when the post office had a competition to name the post office's new tower, star suggestions
 included, Prince Philip's finger, the eye full tower, monstrosity and spud.
 The name eventually chosen was the post office tower.
 Brilliant.
 Did they...
 Did they...
 Was the post office tower one that someone sent in?
 Do you know?
 No.
 I think it was the...
 Internally, like the post office of...
 It's just...
 Because this was a staff competition.
 But there was a 10-hand prize.
 So it was a 10-hand prize?
 So it was a 10-hand prize?
 Do you know?
 It probably just went...
 Was plowed back into the system.
 I suppose.
 I should tell you where I got this fact.
 There's a really exciting trip I got to do recently.
 I got to go to the BT archive, which is on Holman.
 It's not far from the office and it's a stunning place.
 I just want to give a shout out to the very kind curators there who showed me around.
 It was amazing.
 It showed me the handwritten list of the finalist entries from this competition.
 Wow.
 And for international listeners, the post office tower is this massive great tower in West
 London and it was the tallest building in Britain for ages and it's all for phone calls
 and TV channels and communications and all of that.
 And it's got this really interesting history and they had this competition to name it.
 And...
 Yeah.
 If you've ever been to London, it's that very odd looking, like a big staff.
 Like it's not a building.
 It's not very wide.
 It's very skinny and it's a very iconic thing in London.
 You will have seen it if you...
 Well, I was a kid.
 It was the tallest building in London.
 Was it right?
 I think, or it had just stopped being, but if you bought a Guinness Book of Records, an old
 one from a charity shop, it would say that it was the tallest building in London.
 Right.
 And it's just turned 60 this year.
 So yeah, big anniversary.
 And that's very cool, Andy.
 You got to see that list.
 Oh, it was awesome.
 Did you tell you about the cafe because I'm obsessed with the cafe at the top?
 Was there a rotating cafe at the top?
 It's crazy.
 I'm so sad that you can't go and visit that because I also didn't realise I assumed the whole
 thing rotated.
 But I read that if the waiters didn't, like, if your table would, like, go past and it'd
 like run off to you or wait for you to come back, like, with your next course, if they
 got the timings wrong.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 It took 23 minutes to go round.
 But the central bit, obviously, it doesn't, it can't all rotate.
 I assumed it altered.
 Yeah.
 Well, so your table would go like...
 I've been to a few of those and they do all rotate.
 Do they?
 Yeah.
 The system in the middle that's turning stuff around is enclosed, right?
 No, here, there is the kitchens and the waiters bit, as you say, Anne, is stationary and
 the waiter has to carefully step onto the moving bit.
 Yeah, we don't really get rotating restaurants anymore.
 Like, there are very 60s and 70s things built, I think.
 Oh, yeah.
 There was one in Liverpool.
 I don't know if it's still there.
 I don't think it rotates anymore.
 Okay.
 Yeah, there was one in Hong Kong.
 I used to go to growing up.
 Maybe on a Vienna as well.
 It's like a new effect for the view.
 Yeah, it's a wonderful idea.
 Mentioning the restaurant is really interesting because you would expect, as the post office
 tower, which had a genuine reason to exist.
 It was helping with communications throughout Britain.
 It was this beacon of communication.
 But very randomly, they did open a restaurant that was available to the public and which was
 run by Butland.
 Oh, yeah.
 I think I heard about Butland.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, so weird.
 And it feels like this was the original London eye because everything was sort of designed
 to have the...
 A tourist spot.
 A tourist spot.
 You know, you went in the elevator, which was the fastest in Britain, supposedly at the time.
 You would go up.
 The ushers who would put you in there were termed space flight conductors.
 You know, they...
 And when you go to London eye, it's pretty similar wordage when it was run by B.A.
 You know, that they would use.
 And yeah, about 50,000 people visited it in the first few weeks alone and one and a half
 million in the first year.
 And one of the people who went there was the Queen.
 Queen Liz for the second who went for dinner with Billy Butland.
 Really?
 Could we say why it was set up?
 Absolutely.
 I suppose it was Tower.
 Yeah.
 So I didn't know this really.
 But basically, there was this big need for more broadcasting capacity.
 And they had two options.
 They could either do it with underground cables, which would be a lot neater, but would involve
 a lot more mess putting them in because you basically have to dig up the route into central
 London or loads of routes into central London, like huge pain to do.
 Or you just use a radio tower that's so tall that the beams don't get interrupted
 by existing buildings.
 And they literally just had to build something higher than they used microwave radio channels.
 That was the big thing.
 So let make people make phone calls, did it?
 It was phone calls and TV channels, so it could handle 150,000 phone calls simultaneously
 and 40 TV channels.
 So it was a big improvement on the previous system.
 And it was covered in these big things called microwave horns, which is these huge triangular
 blocks.
 And basically, just to absorb and soak up microwave signals, it's such a cool thing.
 Yeah.
 Love it.
 It's called Eric Bedford, who is the chief architect of the Ministry of Public Buildings and Works.
 And he made it, he said, to be sort of nuclear proof, which kind of got a little test when
 a bomb went off in the bathroom of the restaurant, which is the reason it's no longer open to
 the public.
 Wasn't that nuclear bomb?
 We should say.
 We should add that.
 Yeah.
 That's a good detail to add.
 Absolutely.
 Yeah.
 It was a regular bomb.
 No one died.
 Cars and buildings around it had their windows go in.
 And it was the IRA.
 What did it?
 Apparently.
 The Angry Brigade.
 Well, I think we think it was the IRA because it had all the hallmarks of an IRA attack.
 And the IRA also said that they did it.
 But then there was also this group called the Angry Gade, who was like a left wing anarchist
 group.
 Then they also said they did it.
 But I think the general consensus is that the angry people sort of jumped on the chance
 of claiming it for themselves.
 It's much easier, isn't it?
 To claim you've committed a big attack than to actually go to all the hassle of planning
 and conducting it.
 Yeah.
 You are reliant on other people to do the work for you.
 Yeah.
 It's not a reliable gig.
 No.
 This is why it was an official secret for so long that we're actually was.
 That's also...
 Would that explain that more?
 Because that's so fascinating.
 You can't miss this tower.
 Yeah.
 It's in Central London.
 It's towering above everything else, yet it didn't officially exist.
 Yeah.
 Maybe you saw your trip.
 I see it debunked a bit.
 I feel like you couldn't put it on an ordinary and sorry map, but you could.
 But I think you weren't supposed to say where it was, but it was really, really big.
 It was definitely up and everywhere.
 It was on some ardent survey maps, but not all of them.
 It's really weird.
 Yeah.
 And there was this theory, or there's this long-held thing that you couldn't take a photo
 of it legally, or you'd be arrested if you took a photo of one of the biggest landmarks
 in literally the tallest thing in the country.
 I think what is true is if you took a photo of it and gave it to an enemy of Britain,
 you could get done for it.
 Oh, yeah.
 I think that's fair.
 And that's true of anything that's used for communications in the UK.
 Any building that makes stuff for the Navy.
 There's a whole load of list of things that you're just not allowed to take photos of it
 and give it to Russia.
 So are they?
 Are they like below the Google maps then?
 I don't know.
 Because I remember when I went to Dartmore years ago, this is in the ordnance of the
 map.
 This is a big block in the middle, and just say, I don't know.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 But literally the post office had issued stamps of this thing.
 Yeah.
 Well, it was built.
 I mean, it was, it was definitely, yeah, it was built up there.
 It was, I think, part of a communications network that was kind of a Cold War thing, which
 was why Bedford had supposedly designed it to be nuclear bomb proof.
 I mean, it's clearly not nuclear bomb proof, depending on how close the bomb goes off,
 but whatever.
 But in the event of a nuclear war, I think it would have been part of the backbone system
 to provide secure communications.
 I don't think it's needed anymore now.
 I do.
 So you can, if you'd like, take a photo and hand it to Britain's enemies.
 I like Danza.
 Don't, don't.
 I mean, don't.
 You know.
 Danza, yeah, if they had sold it as, like, more as the London Eye, because maybe the London
 Eye's got a purpose we don't know about.
 Oh, 100%.
 Really?
 That's such a good point.
 Yeah, obviously.
 Hundie pay.
 Obviously.
 Really?
 They sold one and a half thousand plastic towers when they first opened in the gift shop
 in the first few weeks.
 Oh, that makes sense.
 This is so cool.
 Yeah, it makes sense.
 Like, what else?
 Like, if you're going to hide it in plain sight, you have to give it another purpose.
 All of those will have made their way to Moscow for further study.
 I presume.
 Like, yeah.
 It's a secret.
 Oh, we are selling skill models in the gift shop.
 They've had teams of tiny, tiny, tiny spies looking at those in detail.
 It appears that the post office tower was made in Taiwan.
 And the London Eye clearly is designed to come off the central spoke and roll.
 Yeah, it's a giant youth cycle.
 Yeah, it's to get, like, all the most important people in London out.
 Oh, so they each get in a pod.
 You dismantle it.
 And then it rolls out.
 And then it just rolls down the Thames into the sea.
 Yeah, exactly.
 So, yes, really.
 Yes, sorry.
 And the final piece of cement on the post office tower was laid by Geoffrey Rippon MP.
 At the top, right at the bottom, at the top.
 I would say unloom to the pod.
 Unknown to the pub.
 It's never been on.
 He was our chief negotiator to the EEC in the 1970s.
 So you say, how are you?
 I mean Britain's not.
 We didn't fish.
 We're not negotiating with the EEC.
 We haven't been in that long.
 We haven't.
 And the one thing I read about him from his old b*tchery is he had an enduring dislike
 of the d*tch.
 Oh.
 Oh.
 That's in the obituary.
 God, that's really got to be enduring if it's in the obituary.
 It's amazing.
 So he was negotiating.
 And everyone had told him that the d*tch loved the British.
 And Charles De Gaulle said, you have a d*tchery always on the British side.
 But then when they did negotiating, the d*tchery actually quite against the British.
 And he really took that to his grave.
 He really hated the d*tch.
 Wow.
 It's just so random.
 Gosh.
 Apologies to our d*tch listeners.
 Secret buildings.
 Yeah.
 Just as the first of a tower is this big secret thing.
 And I know you're very much into your espionage.
 Not to say too much.
 Not to say too much.
 Not to say too much.
 Not to say too much.
 Not to give too much away.
 But you've had to come from across the river to make the recording.
 And does not show up on any photos, any maps.
 She's just blurred.
 For listeners, Andy was touching his nose suggestively throughout the last two minutes.
 I think that can be heard.
 I think that can be literally heard.
 So Voxel Cross, which is the building, the very famous head of the secret intelligence service.
 The one that's on the South Bank of the Thames.
 The one that's on the South Bank of the Thames.
 You see it in James Bond?
 Yeah.
 It's a bit of it gets blown up in that film.
 One of the one of the Daniel Craig ones.
 It's a terrific building.
 It looks really straight.
 Yeah.
 You know, it looks quite striking.
 But I really like this.
 So basically, there were some clues that it was going to be a secret building.
 Because the government bought the site outright for 135 million quid.
 Normally, they would pay in chunks and there would be total accountability and transparency at every stage.
 And the government just said, no, we're going to buy this for 130 million quid.
 Right.
 No questions.
 Go away, please.
 Yeah, exactly.
 But the architect was a guy called Terry Farrell.
 And he just died.
 He did loads of stuff.
 He also did the HQ for ITV's TVAM.
 So he's done some big gigs.
 Which they built the building, not purpose built.
 And they just said, we'll have this.
 This is the crazy thing.
 Yeah.
 He was basically instructed to build a standard office block, which then was going to get some more of a case.
 It's like, yeah, it can blast up.
 Roll down the tent.
 Roll down the tent.
 Yeah, exactly.
 The London I will pour at the MI6.
 Pick everyone up.
 That's pod 12.
 No, but he didn't know who he was working for really.
 He knew he was making a government department.
 And he guessed it was going to be the department of the environment.
 Which is why, if you look closely, which you're not allowed to do, there are lots of fir tree designs.
 Halfway at the facade of the edge.
 Because he thought it was going to be the environment ministry.
 How presumptuous.
 I've been to the to the bottom to the outside of that building.
 It was quite fun when you look for a Wi-Fi.
 It says things like MI6 surveillance van.
 And it's obviously local people who live in the area who just name their things.
 Is it?
 Is it double bluff?
 It's a perfect double bluff.
 Is it true?
 That's true.
 Did you try and connect to the Wi-Fi, Dan?
 I did.
 Gosh.
 MI6 is going to be absolutely all over you, Dan.
 Can I see my favourite recent public name suggestions story that I found?
 Oh, yeah.
 Every year, in the UK, there were issues every year with leaves on the track.
 And the trains can't run.
 So networked real to combat this.
 Had these special trains.
 And they got a high pressure of water jets.
 Like, last of all, keep them clean.
 Keep everything running.
 They held a public list of public suggestions for us to name the new special leaf fighting train.
 You guys want to guess what they could be called?
 I genuinely love the name that one.
 Okay.
 I'll tell you some contenders to get you started.
 Oh, yeah, yeah.
 So contenders who did not win.
 Brittany clears.
 Oh, that's good.
 Um, leaf full weapon.
 Yeah, I like it.
 And it's a bit say yellow anti leaf machinery.
 That was my one I was going to suggest.
 It's massive.
 So that one did not win.
 Um, leaf us alone.
 Yeah, pretty good.
 Leaf Ericsson.
 Who's that?
 Me, sure.
 Why doesn't that win?
 That's crazy.
 Jays, Mr. Dad, like to send it in.
 Leaf, yeah, by 800 years.
 I'm serious.
 Leaf and Skewder.
 I mean, for the podcast, right?
 Um, chlorophyll, your boots.
 Go on.
 Leafs contain chlorophyll.
 Fill your boots as a phrase.
 Yeah.
 They went with control out the leaf.
 That's very good.
 That's what they went with.
 That's good rap.
 That's very good.
 Really like that.
 It's a bit better than chlorophyll.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 That's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said, we are
 all online.
 I'm on Instagram on @Shriberland.
 Andy.
 So at Android 100.
 And James.
 Nice.
 Graham is no 16 to James Harkin.
 And.
 And.
 And my Insta is @Millabooks.
 Nice.
 And, uh, you can get to us all as well if you want to via podcast@QI.com.
 Why not send us some questions, send us some interesting facts.
 Andy goes through all of these emails.
 He cherry picks the best of them.
 And they make their way to our special secret bonus episode called Drop Us Align, which
 is part of Club Fish.
 If you're not a Club Fish member, can I recommend checking it out?
 We have lots of tears on Patreon.
 There's so many fun things that we're going to be doing with it.
 Do check it out.
 It's really fun.
 You can do that by going to know such thing as a fish.com.
 You'll find all of our previous episodes up there as well.
 Otherwise, just come back next week because we're going to be back here with another episode.
 We will see you then.
 Good.
 Bye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
