 "Hello, and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast
 coming to you from the QI offices in Hobern.
 My name is Dan Schreiber, I am sitting here with Anatochensky, Andrew Hunter Murray, and
 James Harkin, and once again, we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite
 facts from the last seven days, and in a particular order, here we go, starting with
 fact number one, and that is James."
 "Okay, my fact this week is that in 1965, you could try to quit smoking by swapping normal
 cigarettes for ones made of lettuce."
 "Did you look as cool?"
 "You're also wearing a whole lettuce, I'm guessing."
 "Yeah, that would look cool."
 "I think they look more or less like cigarettes, so this is the fact I read on the blog
 of Boeing, Boeing, it's a lovely vlog, which sort of collects fun things off the internet,
 they found it from Atlas Obscura, and it is all about a guy called Pusont Torigian, who's
 from Hackensack, New Jersey, and he created a brand of cigarettes called Bravo.
 Bravo cigarettes contain nothing but lettuce, which was dried and cured and made me to look
 like tobacco, and they were marketed as tasting, well, pretty close, like a cigarette, but
 they didn't have any of the nicotine or tobacco tar in, and this guy Torigian, he thought
 that they were going to be the next big thing, and for a couple of years in the '60s, and
 then, again later, which we might come to, they became very slightly popular."
 "I wonder how many lives this guy saved cumulatively, how many packets were sold, how many
 people smoked them, how many people didn't get addicted, because they were really quite,
 it's not that cigarettes taste nice, but you know what I mean, these taste it even, not
 people with different cigarettes, quite like the taste of it sometimes, but in this particular
 case, I don't think they ever really caught on, they never caught fire, put it that way.
 His idea was that you would get the physical and the psychological satisfaction that you
 would get from smoking, so you open the packet, you take off the little bit of plastic, you
 take the cigarette out, you light it, you put it in your mouth, and then that kind of
 is quite a lot of the stuff that people like, it's the habit. Yeah, definitely. But they
 were not very popular. One researcher said that they were like smoking a potato, and another
 said, "If I had a choice of a punch in the head, or one of these cigarettes, I would take
 a punch in the head." What do we think to say about cabbage? It's like smoking a potato,
 it's like, no, you've literally got the thing you can compare it to there. It's like smoking
 a cabbage, actually. Well, lettuce. Yeah. Well, those supposed lettuce is more like
 cabbage than it is like potato. I think they probably resent being confused with it constantly.
 I would, if I were lettuce. Did you see why he chose lettuce? No. So this guy was working
 for a cigarette company. Someone said, "Why don't you come up with a new kind of cigarette
 that people won't get addicted to?" He said that he chose lettuce because it was the first
 thing he found in his fridge when he opened it. That's quite impulsive because the name
 bravo, that came up immediately as well, because he told his wife, who was Italian, about
 the idea. She said, "Oh, pussant, bravo, bravo!" And he went, "Yes!" That's what we'll call
 it. That could have all happened in one trip to the fridge, I'm guessing. He could have
 invented a type of cigarettes that had eggs in them, and they were called, "What a fucking
 stupid idea!" He did try a lot of different things, though. He filed a patent to turn any leafy
 green into a cigarette, and it's mostly to do with drying the leaves and all of that.
 There is a leafy green that people do like to turn into cigarettes. Isn't that? No, no,
 handing them away with it. But he tried. He tried so many. He tried carrot tops. The leaves
 at the top of the carrot. Tomato tops. Can't get much out of that, I guess. He tried cabbage.
 He tried grape leaves, rode dendrons. Apparently most were awful and made him feel quite sick.
 Rode dendrons would make you feel really sick. They're poisonous, aren't they? Oh, yeah.
 They could make you, they're Romans. Are the Greeks made rode dendron honey, which would
 make you go crazy? Yes, of course, mad honey. Yeah, right. Maybe it's a different bit, or maybe
 no one ever tried enough of these to make it at all dangerous. I think so, brother's lost
 until 2010. It's stunning. Yeah, so they went out business, actually. So they went out business
 in the late '60s. There was like, this guy borrowed some money from a company called General
 Nutrition, and there was quite a big acrimonious lawsuit because they said, "Well, you always
 saw this money, you've got to give it us back now," and he said, "No way, I'll give it back when I can."
 And I said, "Well, we'll give us a patent, then." And he said, "No way." And in the end,
 everything just closed down because they kind of got stuck. But then he relaunched them in 1997
 using enzyme-treated lettuce. And it was these ones that carried on until the 21st century.
 Yeah, right. Carried on limping, presumably, into the 21st century.
 But his motives, I think, were really nice because he wasn't trying to become a multi-millionaire
 of his new cigarette empire. He wanted people to get off cigarettes and then stop smoking bravo
 as well. He had no interest in them because he wasn't quite sure if that had long-term effects,
 you know, of inhaling lettuce that we don't get. No, that might come down the line.
 Well, I think that creates smoke. You're inhaling the bad, you know, things like tartar and stuff like that.
 So it's going to be bad for you. It's going to give you a cuff to start off with, but that's just
 a tip of the iceberg. Oh, it took longer than I thought, actually. It's true.
 But it happened to still caught me by surprise. He lived till '99. So clearly, he was doing something
 right. The age of or the year of? Yes. At age 36. Yeah, age of 2021, he made it too.
 Did he? Good. One other thing about him is I read a newspaper interview with him and they asked him,
 you know, what is this like? And he said, oh, it tastes just as good as normal cigarettes.
 And to prove it, he broke one in half and ate it.
 I love that. So they did recommend that you smoke an entire carton before you decide you don't
 like it. That was part of its publicity. So just give it a chance, give it 20 tons, 20 full bags.
 We should do that for our podcast, shouldn't we? Yes. Listen to 600 and 40 episodes before you stop,
 guys. It doesn't get as good about 600. I mean, people say that about quitting smoking. I think
 the most common advice I read online about people who have successfully quit smoking is them saying,
 just smoke as many cigarettes as you possibly can one after the other for hours and hours until
 you regress it. And that seems to be the only way that reliably works because you feel so sick
 and comfortable. Interesting advice. Yeah. But you won't go on forever. That's the thing.
 You'll stop after a couple of hours. And I'm not necessarily advising this. Take it up with people
 have read it. Well, E cigarettes were invented slightly as a way to help people as a kind of
 bridge off smoking. Obviously, it's now an enormous vaping industry, which might have some effects
 that we don't know about yet. But, you know, certainly they seem to be not as bad viewers cigarette
 cigarettes. But the man who invented the modern E cigarette is a guy from China called Honlick.
 And he invented it to quit smoking only to find that he was then both vaping and smoking at the
 same time. I read an interview with him and he said he claimed that the only reason he smokes is so
 that he can taste the cigarettes and that when he's making new E cigarettes, he can compare and
 contrast them. That's why he said. That's why he claims constantly having to test them, isn't he?
 Every day I would have checked. I forget what it tastes like. But I think there are a lot of people
 and not that happy with him because he sold the patent to like a big tobacco company, didn't he?
 Oh really? And the idea is that the big tobacco companies are quite happy with vaping because it
 keeps people still hooked. I'm kind of, I'm with him and I'm fine with that. I'm just putting my
 cars on the table. Big tobacco companies have the infrastructure, don't they, to suddenly market
 and all the places they used to market before. Whatever gets people off smoking feels like a good thing.
 Okay. That's just my opinion. And it's not as good. It's certainly more effective than the advice
 I kept reading, researching this when you type in online. Vegetables, cigarettes, quits, smoking,
 you get this constant AI advice saying it is a common method to try and quit smoking to replace
 a cigarette with raw vegetables like carrots or cucumbers because it replaces the cigarette in
 your hand and you can munch on them. And I just want to imagine suggesting to a real addict that
 they try replacing their cigarette with a raw carrot. Yeah. I'm like 20 cucumbers a day at a moment.
 Bugs Bunny was actually, he was just desperately trying to quit. Can I tell you one, my favourite
 method to quit smoking? Oh yeah. And you'll hate this because you're a shill for big tobacco,
 clearly. But this was an invention in 1972. It was patented by a guy called Lewis Topple.
 He patented not a kind of cigarette to help people stop smoking, but a cigarette case. But it had
 a mini record player inside it. And whenever you move the case to open a cigarette, it plays the
 sound of someone coughing desperately. And it's to remind you that these are really bad for you.
 Wow. I don't think you ever produced it. You had the idea and patented it.
 It's the audio version of the pictures you need to get on cigarettes.
 It feels like someone definitely saw that and went, do you know what might be easier than this?
 Might be. Topple. Is as if we drew something. And then when you opened the case, did like a load
 of horrible flammissol. It's like that 40s cinema experience. Yeah. I found there's been some
 very creative methods to get people to quit smoking. This is a nice one that was developed by a
 Turkish man called Ibrahim Yusel, which is every day he would wake up and put a big cage around his head,
 lock it up and give the keys to his wife and daughter. So he was only ever allowed the
 cageless head at meals when they would unlock the cage and he would sit there under their supervision.
 And then once the meal was done, they put this big cage back over his head and that was his day.
 It's the cage. It kind of looks like an astronaut's helmet, but it's a
 wiring cage so you can see like a like a cage in fact. What about those like really long cigarette
 holders? Yeah. Flappers would have in the 20s. You think you could insert it between the bars? Yeah. Yeah. That's a really good idea.
 That's a good term and mind. It's possible to get out. Yeah. Oh, that's great. Yeah.
 I don't know. I think his wife and daughter left him and the only consolation is that he formed the
 banddorf punk. And so at least made something out of it. All right. Have an ad campaign. Yep.
 Just stop people smoking. Have you heard about Nick O'teen? Nick O'teen. I feel like I have heard of him. Was it in Britain?
 Yeah, it was. Yeah. This campaign in the 1980s, maybe? In 1980s. It was Nick O'teen was the arch enemy
 of Superman and there was a campaign to stop children getting into smoking. Yeah. Saying Nick O'teen
 is trying to recruit children to his army of smokers. Uncle what this army is going to do. Well,
 they make that for a while, but they're going to need quite a lot of breaks up. Basically,
 that children want to sign an anti-smoking pledge and you get some badges and you get some poster and
 that kind of stuff. I wouldn't be surprised if I did that. That's also, well, you might have been one of
 the 800,000 children in Britain who requested one of these packs. Yeah. It's quite impressive. No.
 I don't think it affected smoking rates long run though. Unfortunately. No, because every single child
 age 10 says smoking is disgusting. I hate that my parents do it. I'll never do it. And age 14, they're
 smoking. Sadly. I think that's quite true anymore. That's own smoking is much less common than it used to
 be. Oh, I wonder if that's a legacy of Nick O'teen. It's a long thing. And it explains why does
 Superman not smoke? You can get this. This is gettable. Because this is how the campaign explained
 why Superman would never touch cigarette. He has super breath. So if he breathes in really quick,
 the cigarette will fire through his skull backwards. No, it's boring playing these games with James. He
 always just gets it right. No, there is a famous thing you can't do. You can't smoke when you're
 flying, famously. This was the 80s. You could do anything while flying. No, there's a thing. What a
 Superman got that would deter him from smoking. Lois Lane didn't like it. The idea to get changed
 really quickly. He needs both hands for that. He's got underpants on the outside of his. A dog? A dog
 is a dog. One of his powers. No, I was saying that as you said that. He can fly. He can fly. He can see
 through things. Thank you. Oh, that's either a lung. He can see the adverts, the lungs. That's the
 longest minute of my life. And he's got super hearing. So presumably when he opens up his vinyl
 cigarette case, it's blasting into him. Okay, there's time for fact number two and that is Andy. My
 fact is that the longest traffic jam in history lasted eight years. That's a biggie. How much longer
 than the second place traffic jam? I think about seven years. Seven and a half years. I've known traffic
 jam so bad where people just get out of their cars and then go home and then come back a few days
 later and have to pick up their cars. And that makes a traffic jam worse. So is that what happened here?
 It's about something that happened in 1967. There was a very brief but very lively war between
 Israel and Egypt called the Six Day War. And when the war broke out, Egypt's first move was to close off
 the Suez Canal. So running tops of one from the med to the red. That's how you can remember where
 the Suez Canal is. It goes from the Mediterranean to the Red Sea. And it's a canal. And there's a bit
 in the Suez Canal, which is called the Great Bitter Lake, which is basically like you know when
 you're driving along a very narrow country road and there's one of those passing places. It's like
 that but it's a hundred square miles. And then basically so the war broke out and all the ships that
 were sailing are halfway through. They got stuck in the Great Bitter Lake about I think it's 14 or 15
 ships. And there were like hundreds of thousands of explosive devices in the water and there were
 bits of bridge and there were sunken ships like there was no way through. So these ships were just
 stuck there for weeks, months, and then eventually eight years. And it was only after another
 war in 1975 and a load of demining and all of this and you know like peace breaking out that
 finally they got to go home. By the time they got out only two of them could actually sail anymore.
 All the rest had to be just tugged to be broken up for scrap and things. Please let's not advertise
 that it takes another war to reopen an endlessly close straight. I'm sure there are other methods.
 It's the second bomb come ahead. That's it restores your memory to you. I just imagine the meetings.
 It's like have we tried another war guys. It feels like the mood really took some peaks and troughs
 didn't it along the way because all these crews just trapped there. And the first month it was
 described as a little bit like a holiday. Suddenly these people are you know you don't have to get to
 work anymore. You're stuck. And then the second month it was really really bad. The third month was
 terrible. And then all the crews of the ships I think kind of started getting together and they
 realized that with teamwork they could do things like create their own social events. Have card games
 together. Have their own mini Olympics. It's really cool. It was eight different nations as well.
 These boats. It's not like it was one fleet. You had the UK. You had West Germany, Sweden, France,
 the United States, Poland, Bulgaria. There was more. And they became the great bit of lake association.
 They had a swimming pool on one of the boats that they'd go and do races on there. It sounds
 terrible. And the idea is that all these boats were carrying different cargo. And so they were like,
 okay, we're hungry. Which of the ships got the sandwiches. And they're like, okay, well we'll give
 you some of our sandwiches and you can have some of our pula hoops. And then the other ones like,
 well, we've got some orange collier here. And then between them they could all have everything they
 need. And one of the ships had a refrigerated bit because it was transporting food. It was transporting
 300 tons of pears and 8 million eggs. Right. You don't want to be devouring them on the eighth year, do you?
 Just check that out. It's fine. It's fine. No one's not being a fuss, but no, one of the sailors
 said after a few weeks, I can't bear to see another pair. I think they'd just date pears for several weeks.
 Oh my god. We've run out of cigarettes. It's okay. West Germany's got 20 tons of lettuce.
 It's like the outbreak of civilization in a way, isn't it? Is it? Barter economy, like they've
 developed their own stamps and they developed their own postal system and all this. These stamps
 were drawn by this, by the crew. So cool. And they were used as legit stamps as if they were
 from a country, which is really cool. I went on eBay and there were some stamps from the collection
 of one of the guys who was on the boat. How much? 30 quid a stamp. I couldn't tell if it was a
 collection of four or a singular stamp. What you'll find out when they arrive? Yeah, exactly.
 So they sent letters out with the stamps on. Did the envelopes contain letters saying,
 " also please get us the fuck out of it." So they started rotating after the first difficult
 bit where they were all stuck. It wasn't like the same crews were eight years old at the end.
 They were able to circulate in and out. So you'd go and do like however many months on board
 ship and then thankfully you'd get a break. And then slowly there will be fewer and fewer people
 because they realised actually we don't need the guy who looks after the eggs anymore because they're
 just going to go and like there was many hundreds of people to start. Oh there was hundreds of people
 to start off with and by the end there was like a few dozen people. Yeah. I mean why do you need
 people to be there in large numbers? After a while when it becomes apparent that the ship is
 going to fall apart? Is it in the hope that you'll be able to maintain the ship? There's some
 maintenance because it is a hostile environment with all the sand and all of that. Definitely
 guarding as well because people strip those ships. I remember I read about this when that big ship
 got lodged in the Suez Canal a few years ago. The ever given was it cool? Such a bad name for a ship.
 So when that happened basically all the historians went, "Oh this has happened before guys.
 We could do our little thing." Yes maybe that's when I read about it yeah. I'm sure that's when I did.
 But I was reading back about the ever given 10% of the world's trade was blocked and God never
 happened together with any straits in the Middle East and people went onto the internet because you
 know you can follow all the ships like you can do it with airplanes as well and see where all the
 different ones are going in the world. Well they followed they looked at where the ship had been
 and the week before it had gotten stuck it had drawn the image of a penis in the Red Sea.
 Amazing. Like it had done a few sort of like turns back and forward to kind of work out which
 way it was going to go. It wasn't deliberate. It wasn't deliberate. A lot of people thought well
 these guys are taking the mickey. They draw a penis then they deliberately get stuck.
 I am always upset on behalf of pilots who draw penises in the sky sometimes on training exercises
 that they always get in real trouble. There's a real sense of humour failing I think in the RAF
 and the Navy. I think unless you're actually firing smoke out of the back of your air plane to make
 an actual penis in the sky. You should be the last to do what you want. Do you know when the Suez
 Canal was built? Approximately. Early 20th century? Yeah, you're close. I would say. Seventh
 century BC. Okay. Okay. So this is the Canal of the Pharaohs also called the ancient Suez Canal
 and it was we're not sure exactly when it was first cut but it was probably by Necho the second
 around 600 BC and then it was redug or maybe completed by Darius the Great in around 500 BC.
 All the way. It went all the way so you could that was navigable by small boats obviously.
 The Suez Canal could send big tankers through because one was just like little boats. That's amazing.
 1869 the actual big Suez Canal. Yeah. And it was built mostly by the French who were having a
 lot of time in North Africa around then and the idea was this is quite a famous story again but
 everyone was ready to go through. It was this opening of the Suez Canal. Someone was going to cut
 the ribbon and all the ships were going to go through but because it's a canal you can only really
 get one ship at a time. So there's a French yacht called Legel which means the eagle which is right
 at the front and at dawn that's going to go but at the same time there was a British commander George
 Nez who was in command of HMS Newport who wasn't very happy about being at the back of the queue.
 So when it went dark at night he kind of sneaked his boat right down to the front,
 put it in front of this French yacht and then everyone was like "sacrableur! What is that gonna happen
 here?" But because he's in the front and it's a canal no one can overtake him so he managed to go
 through first and he got an official reprimand by the British Navy but then was secretly celebrated
 and promoted to captain. The queue jump! That's hanging offence! That's so good! That's amazing.
 Can that happen in any other sport? The Formula One could the guy at the factory just slowly, hey?
 That's creep to the front. Wow! Traffic? Traffic! Sorry before we go on to traffic can I just say one
 thing about the strait of Hormuz? Which is kind of similar to this in many ways and there's a
 very strategic bit of water and it is sometimes closed. We don't know where the name Hormuz comes from.
 It might have come from a Persian word meaning "place of dates" or it might come from the name of a
 Zoroastrian god who was called Hormuz. But another theory is it was named after Ifra Hormiz who was
 the mother of King Shepard the second of Persia who ruled between 309 and 379 AD. She was famous as
 like a regent so the king was very very young and in fact he was so young that he became king before
 he'd been born. So his father let's say or brother or whatever had died they needed the next king.
 They knew he was hopefully going to be born at some stage, assumed they were guessing it was going
 to be a he because in those days you weren't sure if it was going to be a he or a she and in order to
 crown him the crown was placed on ifra's belly. So they had a proper crowning ceremony where she got her
 tummy out and they put the crown on top of her. And then when he was born they probably said the baby's
 crowning like we know. Very good. Because crowning is the thing when the head comes out. Absolutely.
 Yes. Technically a very good technically it had all of it there. Yeah. Technically it had the
 set up the punchline and the explanation that it had everything the perfect junks should have. Okay,
 sorry. Traffic, do you know how bad it is for you being in a traffic jam? Oh, probably probably fine.
 Well, bad. No, it is bad for you. Your blood pressure goes up so much. More than I expected it to. So
 there was a study in Beirut that measured the blood pressure of drivers who were pulling into a
 service station in traffic jams and then those who were pulling into service stations when
 there wasn't any traffic. The ones in traffic jams had an average blood pressure of 142 over 87.
 The ones not in traffic jams were 123 over 78. Oh, that's quite different. The big difference. And also
 do you think it'd be worse or better if you were running late at the same time? I would think worse.
 It's not makes no difference. Oh, okay. So it doesn't matter if you're late or not in a traffic jam,
 your blood pressure is still rock-sync. Which really true like the number of times I'm sitting in traffic
 being so stressed. And then don't you find you have to go hold on. I'm not. I don't need to pay anywhere.
 But if you were going to miss your plane, that surely is more... Does the same.
 When you ever driving anywhere with no time constraints and I sit on holiday, you know, there's always
 something you're trying to get to. That's the way you're in the bloody car of the first place, isn't it?
 Oh, Andy, you're alive. I'm so stressful. Why are you guys just going for drives all the time?
 You're low, some very relaxing. If I have a bit too relaxed. If you're going to go to the shops,
 you have to be at the shop at exactly 1249. Well, you've got a very stringent shopkeeper, haven't you?
 Just 958. I need to get to the shops as about the clothes. Please. But you said there's a bay route.
 Yeah. So that is quite a geopolitically fraught place. I imagine lots of blood pressure is quite high in
 bay routes. I also think like in different countries, like I don't know if you guys have driven in
 different countries, but some of them you get much more stressed than others. Driving is driving
 cars. I've never driven in bay routes, but I can imagine it might be similar to other places where
 I've driven, where it has been closed. Do they have magic FM in bay route? Because that will
 bring... That will calm things right down. What about smooth? That's what they mean. Just have a cigarette.
 That would be great for anxiety.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three. And that is my fact. My fact this week is that in 1953,
 a town called NeverSync was sunk. This is an amazing little place, NeverSync, because it's very
 important for New York City in particular. It's a reservoir, but it wasn't a reservoir prior to 1953.
 Prior to that, it was a town and it had a population of about 300 and it had businesses and it had
 houses, but they needed somewhere to create a reservoir and NeverSync was picked. And so all the
 residents had to move out. They had to move NeverSync down the road, had to reset up their lives.
 Do we know why it was originally called NeverSync? I tried to find out. No, we couldn't find it.
 No, we don't. There's a few possibilities. No, it's just that George never said.
 No, I'm not quite sure. And also, it wasn't the only place that was flooded. The other place that
 was flooded at the same time was a place called Bittersweet. And Bittersweet, we do have a slight
 idea of how that could have been named. It was a plant that grew in abundance and bittersweet,
 type of plant. Yeah. And so they think it might be that, but we don't know. There is a NeverSync
 river. So the town was, of course, named after the river. I don't know why the river got its name,
 but I did read, on Wikipedia, that it's considered by many to be the birthplace of American
 drive fly fishing. Drive fly? You've got so excited about that. Have you subscribed to
 a magazine or something? What is that? I don't know. I can't see that phrase. Not Google what it is.
 I became so bored. Is it fishing with a drive fly? No, it's got to be. No.
 Or is it fly fishing where there's no water? Oh, maybe you're catching flying fish. So you've
 just there with a net rather than a catch them as they leap out. Or is it like fly fishing where you
 don't drink alcohol? Oh my god, I gotta look at Apple Rides. No one's allowed to make jokes
 throughout the day of fishing. Not a problem for me. All fishing with Andy is drive fishing.
 Right, here you are. You're really looking it up. Drive fly fishing is an angling technique where
 you have an artificial fly, which floats on the surface of the water and doesn't sink.
 Oh, okay. So we're all glad we are. We're done. Oh, we can't leave that hanging. No, no.
 That's a really good point. Much like the fishing rods in drive fly fishing. So a little fly is
 just as easy as it looks, Anna, I know. You've got to reel them in. Okay, go on. Oh, sorry,
 I'm just going to get my head around it. You put a fake fly on the surface of the water
 and the fish comes to eat it. Yeah, it's like fly fishing. I just didn't know that it flies.
 They do eat flies fish. Do they? But also your fly. It's cold to fly, but it might not necessarily
 look like a fly. It might look like a little fish. Yeah. Now it makes sense. New York reservoirs.
 Oh, yeah. It's what we were talking about. Absolutely. So that's my that's my link.
 And I don't know if this was the same reservoir, the Ashokan. And I might have mispronounced that
 Ashokan. That'll be it. There we go. But this is the reservoir which supplies about 40%
 of the drinking water in New York that was dug between 1909 and 1914. And one of the interesting things
 about digging reservoirs and, you know, sinking all these towns is that you also sink the
 cemeteries and the graveyards and you have to relocate all the bodies. Oh, yeah. And I was just
 I just looked at this up so I was like, what do they do with all the bodies? And you do have to dig
 them up partly out of respects, but also because if you can get drinking water. You're drinking the water.
 So you just don't want it full of corpses. And aqua ghosts.
 Terrifying. Swimming ghosts. Yeah. Wait, hang on. But you're so you're having to dig up the bodies.
 Yeah. So they dig up all the bodies. So there's a cemetery in New York called Bush Kill Cemetery,
 which is the cemetery, which has 2,720 bodies from the 32 graveyards that had to be dug up
 to make way for Ashokan reservoirs. And they just tossed all the bodies in a new one.
 But surely I'm showing my ignorance here, but surely if you've done the burial properly, these people
 are six feet down. The water's not going to be indirecting like water goes through all sorts of
 coblets before it gets to our town. I think a lot of it is going to be in America. These are not
 going to be like 12th century burial grounds like you might get in England. Are they? There will be
 recent people. There'll be relatively recent people. Yeah. People might want to visit those graves.
 Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That that makes complete the cultural thing
 absolutely. Yeah. But it is contaminant. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And I agree. Maybe some coffins are more
 leaky than others. Also, do you remember my sister had a house where she lived next to a graveyard?
 Yeah. And my other sister wouldn't eat the potatoes that she grew in her garden because she thought
 the bite would be dead bodies in there. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. People are a bit icky about that kind of thing. Yeah.
 Because when you're making a reservoir, you can't put a top all in there, can you? Because it's
 such a huge area. It would not be practical. They don't sell them. Anyway, not that big. Yeah. Yeah.
 So I'm mentioning moving graveyards. There's a fantastic airport, Savannah Airport, which is in
 Georgia. And they needed to expand and have more runway. But it ran into the farmland and family
 house of a family called the Dotsons. And the Dotsons had graveyards of some of the family members
 that were buried there. And so they did a deal where they sold it, but they kept two of the Dotsons
 still buried there. Oh, yeah. And so there's a runway where as you're going over it, it's runway
 10 in Savannah Airport. There's not a bump on the ground. There are two lumps on the ground. There's two
 tombstones laid flat down that you go over as you're going to see the lines of the plane. It feels like
 a hazard. It's done the safety stuff, guys. It's fine. It's for clickbait. Don't worry about the
 planes. The nearest one of these to where I grew up is Lady Bauer Reservoir in the Pete District.
 There was a village called Dome Village. I've driven past this a million times. And apparently when
 you go past it, sometimes you can hear the sound of the church bells ringing from the former.
 Because it was sunk under the reservoir. I love all this stuff. Well, I'm so metal. It's so cool.
 I wrote about this one time, this church, specifically that you're talking about. When they got rid
 of all of the town there, one of the things that they left was the tall turret of the church.
 So a mutual friend of ours, David Bramwell, also lived very close to that. And he remembers that when
 there was a drought, the water goes down and the church spire comes in. You can see it, right?
 And he remembers seeing it as a kid. And then he started researching it. And it turned out that in 1947,
 it was blown up. And that doesn't exist anymore. And so many people have a memory of seeing it,
 including Hillary Mantell talks about her family reporting seeing it as well. Yeah, I thought you
 could see that. And if you'd have asked me, have you seen that as a kid, I would have said yes.
 What's that called? It's got a name. Mandela effect. Thank you.
 Mandela effect. The ghost church. What are you talking about?
 It's a ghost church. On Lady Bauer, which is a very cool thing. First of all, it's very good
 reservoir because it's got these giant plug holes that are quite, I mean, just Google them. They're
 amazing. That create these massive world pools. So you get people who row across the reservoir and
 almost get sucked into it. But also when they were building the reservoirs in that area, there are
 three reservoirs in that derwent valley area, I hadn't realized that they build an entire town for
 all the construction workers who were working on the reservoir. So there's a town called Birchindli,
 which housed about a thousand construction workers in all their families. This is in the early
 1900s and it's called Tin Town and everything in it is made of John Lloyd, our boss's favorite
 material. It's all corrugated iron and it's amazing and they had a pub, they had shops, a post office,
 a police station, they had bath houses. It must, if you're one of the original village and you get
 kicked out because they're going to put something there and then another village gets made right next
 away. You must think they're taking the piss. Some people who are working to kick you out of your
 village and flood your home. No, it doesn't. I don't understand what they're building though,
 because I presume you just need a bowl of water or a bowl of land driver. Oh, to build a reservoir,
 you think, oh, you have to do just dig a bowl of water. You find a bowl and fill it up. What do you do?
 Building a dam, I think it's not a big reservoir. No, no, they're made by building dams.
 Usually. So you build a dam, you wait for it. I thought you just had to find a bowl and fill it.
 Okay. With a hose, like, what's your, I just, the rain will do it eventually. I mean, that is how
 they work, which I think is quite interesting with reservoirs. It's that you build the dam and then
 you wait. Sometimes a couple of years for it to get full up. I really, I'm sorry, building the dam,
 okay. Yeah, they're building the dam. So it does take a while. The tin town was there for six years,
 and then when it's finished, the whole town just disappears. But there's one left. If you want to
 visit tin town, there's one corrugated iron hut that has been reassembled in the nearby village of
 Hope, which is the hairdressers. It's it. That's so cool. There's a great example of it going
 slightly wrong in America, which is a town called Old Jefferson, which was in Tennessee. So they
 had this exact same thing. They had a lake that they wanted to expand so that it could act as a water
 supply. And this little town was sitting on the edge of the lake. So they all had to get out of
 there. And then the whole town was bulldozer down. They allowed for it to flood. But what they didn't
 realize was that there was a lot of underground caves in the area. And the water simply disappeared
 into the lovely, lovely, and the town just stayed the same. Just bulldozer and nothing there. That's
 for over. Yeah. This happens sometimes. So there was a Spanish town called Granadilla. And it was
 evacuated in the 1960s because the government was going to flood the town. And it took ten years
 to move everyone out. You know, they were given lots of notice and all 1,000 people living there
 moved out. It was amazingly beautiful town. It's from the 9th century. So it was a big decision to
 flood that because you know, it's very old and all that. And the water was finally allowed into
 this massive new flood plain. And it just came up to make this town a lovely little island with one
 road in and out. Right. So there was no need to have evicted anyone. And did they all go back? Or
 they were allowed. It's so often it happens that you can just not love, you know. I think they're
 still trying to get back in aren't they? The descendants of the people who lived there are still
 saying, can we please get back into our town? I think they're allowed to visit once or twice a year.
 Yes. So I don't think they're allowed to go and stay. There's a famous one similar to this
 called Mineth Eppent, which is in Wales. And they kicked out everyone from this little village
 because they wanted to make a military training area during World War II. And still now you'll
 occasionally see people spray paint on the walls. Remember Eppent because it was such a big deal
 in Welsh history. And the really sad thing about this is that they thought it was going to be temporary.
 These people left the keys in the door because they thought they would come back one day and they
 continued to plow the fields because they thought they'd be able to come back. But they never were.
 And then there was one guy called Thomas Morgan who returned to his house every single day to light
 his fire as sort of a symbol of, we will be back one day. And so the army blew his house up.
 You're not coming back. Oh my goodness. Well that's a quick question about that.
 I return to my house every day but I don't leave the keys in the door. I take the keys with me.
 Yeah but you live in a less trusting environment. I see of course if I lived in Wales that's what they
 all do when they know they're coming back somewhere. You don't have to. It was the point of a key
 except to open the doors so you know they're keeping together. How often do you lose your keys?
 It's a lot. I should leave them in the middle. Imagine you've left your house. You've gone away for like
 five years and then they go okay you could go back now. Oh fuck where's the keys? Such a good boy.
 If you've left them in the door, fine. I mean the best thing to do is to leave the keys in the door
 and then just build a small metal cage around the keys which you can then open with a log.
 You know for safety. But this happens a lot. Tine them in doorstep was requisitioned for
 military training and that was a wall thing. And the last person left to notice on the church door
 saying please treat the church and houses with care. We shall return one day and the army have just
 bombed. Bombed. Yeah. Bombed the heck out of it since then. In Wales there's another one that was
 called Kapel-kelin and Kapel-kelin was... Kapel-kelin. I think it's Kapel-kelin. Kapel-kelin. Kapel-kelin.
 And this was a town. It was just Indian people in there. It's like Donald Trump pronouncing
 any foreign word. I'll give it another one. Kapel-kelin. Great town. Superb town. There's a town in
 Wales called Kapel-kelin and Kapel-kelin was a town that was flooded and the people who live there
 only found this out five days before Christmas. They are slow to pick up on things. It has been very
 wet lately but this is ridiculous. They found out five days before Christmas while reading the
 Liverpool Daily Post. It was in a newspaper that their town was going to be flooded and it was
 flooded so that they could provide water for Liverpool. So it was a cross-border reason and they were
 fuming and this became a huge, huge thing and they were huge protests and they would go to Liverpool
 but Liverpool felt like they'd bailed this area of Wales out quite a lot and so they were really
 aggressive towards the Welsh people who were over there. Look, this is a controversial point to make
 but I think we should drown loads more places. If the government would like my place at a reasonable
 rate to have it, I don't care. We'll need it. We'll need more water. You know, there are going to be more
 periods where there's much less rain. You need better water supply. Britain hasn't built a reservoir
 since 1992. It's insane. People keep trying but they just do a bowl of water. It's just nothing happens.
 Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show and that is Anna. My fact this week is that in Europe,
 it is illegal for sunscreen to be tested on animals. In America, it is illegal for it not to be
 tested on animals. What? Does that mean that any sunscreen that's sold in Europe can't be sold in
 America and vice versa or is this just when you're creating it? I think it can't be sold there.
 Certainly, under European law, it couldn't be sold there. It's like any sunscreen that or any
 ingredients in sunscreen or any fully made sunscreen cannot be made or sold there if it's been tested
 on animals. In the US, the regulations say sunscreen, sun cream, as we call it, is an over-the-counter drug,
 so it counts as a drug there. The rules are much more stringent. Drugs usually need to be tested on
 animals, not always, but basically I was reading the FDA site, Food and Drug Administration site,
 and it does specify it's trying to basically say we don't do that much testing on animals, so it says
 we don't require sunscreen to be tested on large animal species like dogs or primates,
 and we try to minimise testing on rodents. What's left? Are you going to rub it on a fly?
 Well, they specifically say they minimise testing in rodents. They don't stop it testing in rodents.
 They just say we don't demand six-month toxicity studies, which I think probably means that they
 don't rub it on rodents and then leave them for six months and then test if it's caused damage.
 So they still tested on... Basically, the website was a very long-winded way of saying
 we test these on rodents, and we have to. Whereas in the EU, in 2013, the sale and marketing of all
 cosmetics, sunscreen included, and their ingredients was banned. Now, there's lots of gray areas.
 There's this bizarre thing. There's pink areas.
 There are gray areas in the EU, so there's basically the European chemicals agency, which says you
 have to test chemicals on animals if people are going to be working with them, but then the animal
 testing cosmetics law that says you're not allowed to test these on animals, and they say totally
 contradictory things and no one understands the European law really. So sometimes sunscreen is
 tested on animals, even though it's illegal, because the European laws mess. What about Brexit?
 Will we finally be able to slather some cream up flies? I think you can do that outside of the
 lab anyway. Because that's why I voted for it. There have been worse reasons.
 I was sat there with a voting booth with my pet fly, and I had to go one day Jeremy, one day
 who will be subjected to this terrible UV rays for red Jeremy. UK is basically in line with EU law
 on this, I'm afraid James, so it was all for nothing. The first ever sunscreen, I think,
 was tested on animals. So, during World War II, there was a guy called Benjamin Green. He was an
 Airman and a pharmacist and he was in the South Pacific and he saw that a lot of the other soldiers were
 getting sunburnt and he decided they needed protection. And so he gave them something called red vet
 pet, a cream that you used when, let's say your dog got a little cut on it or something, the vets
 would put this on to stop any infection from getting in there. And what he thought was,
 well, I can put this on my soldiers and it will stop them from getting sunburnt. So it wasn't
 commercially available, that came a year or two afterwards. But he founded a firm called Copper Tone,
 didn't he? Yeah. Which was the commercial version of it. So, what I found really interesting is
 that, I guess, because it's petroleum is blocking rays. Yeah. And this is, there are two main ways
 by which sunscreen works. It's UV filters, ultraviolet light filters, which either reflect UV rays,
 so literally just reflecting the light so it doesn't do damage or absorbing them. But either way,
 it means that fewer actually get into your skin. And I was trying to work out what happens when
 it goes in. Because I was thinking of the amount of sunscreen I've put on my body and my life.
 Yeah. Has it all gone in? You wash it off. But some of it, I think, little bit's end up in your
 bloodstream. Like only time. And this is not a reason not to, this is not a reason that it might be
 bad for you. There's no evidence that there's bad for you at all. But I think the amount you put on
 you enough will go in you. I think this is why Superman never used sunscreen because he could see how much
 of it was in your body. Three weeks after you put sunscreen on, if you get a blood test, you can tell
 that you've put sunscreen on. Isn't that amazing? Yeah. Eventually, you'll be pooing it out, right?
 Sure. All I'm saying is that I think it's interesting that the sunscreen that goes into your body
 eventually comes out of you through your bottom. That's what I'm saying. That's what you're saying.
 Okay. Well, there you go. Are you saying, are you saying we can use it for, we can reapply it?
 No, I'm not saying in a pinch on the beach, you can't say. I just, I had, I had loads a few weeks
 ago. So just turn over and I'll get you all back. The old rubs and sunscreen on me, darling,
 is a much less romantic prospect, isn't it? Or more romantic, depending on what you're into.
 So it's piss on it if you've been stung by a jellyfish and shed on it if you're out of sunscreen.
 Don't mix them up, kids. So this guy, this was in World War Two, he said James, but in 1938,
 there was another big moment in modern sunscreen history, which was a man called Franz Griter,
 who was climbing a mountain in the Alps. And he got sunburn while he was up there. And he thought,
 why can't we put something on to stop this burning? And he built a business out of it. So the mountain
 is called Pitz Buen. And Pitz Buen is the name of the company. It's the trading name of the company.
 So the inspiration was so great. It's all around that time. It's exactly like 40s. Everyone's
 kind of doing it at the same time. I guess chemistry has sort of just been invented, doesn't it?
 We have a lot of petroleum derivatives. But I, so I was looking at why, as in, it can't be that
 everyone was sunburned until the end of the 1930s. That's not practical, right? So why didn't
 ancient humans need sun cream? Was it our skin was darker? Yeah. Well, you'd shelter at night.
 You mostly... Well, it's also not sunny at night. Half the problem is already solved. Andy's nighttime
 sunscreen company has never taken off. So no, no, I'm saying that's fine. I'm saying that's fine.
 Get up, kids. It's too amd. We're off to the beach. Let's go. As you say, 10, you know, the more sun,
 you get the more melanin your skin produces. So your skin gets darker, you know. But also the other
 thing is that people didn't move around much in their life, right? You were wherever you lived,
 your skin would have climatized to roughly the sun intensity. I see. And it would become the color
 that can cope with that. So you wouldn't get people whose genetics is related to northern Europe
 moving to Australia, which is exactly a big problem. Exactly. And that is the basic problem is just
 people at much more mobile now and you can easily get, you know, a couple of hours you can get to a
 place which has a completely different sun profile for the skin that you have had and that you're
 where your ancestors have been living for 100,000 years. Also, everyone died at the age of 20, so it
 wasn't a problem. But and people probably looked very, very wrinkly when they were youngest because
 there was a lot more sun intensity around. But you know what, I did read a study which suggests that
 sun cream might have been what made humans survive when Neanderthals didn't write for instance.
 Because around 41,000 years ago, the magnetic field of the earth reduced quite a lot,
 which meant that a lot more of the sun's rays could get onto the earth. And this is a similar time
 to when the Neanderthals died out. And humans could create technologies such as tailored clothing.
 We began to start sewing things. We started wearing more ochre, which is like a plant based thing
 that you can rub on yourself. We know for sure that happened because we have that left over.
 And I also read strategic cave use. I didn't say at night, vindication.
 But yeah, the Neanderthals might not have been able to do those things according to this theory.
 And I'm sure if Ella Alshma, he was here, she'd be telling me I'm talking ballet spot.
 Yeah, that is one theory of love. It was a sun cream that did it.
 Can we test if they all died of skin cancer basically?
 I think we're onto something.
 Well, it could be that you could just spend more time outside, generally.
 You mentioned ochre. Coca-Cola is often used as a tanning lotion.
 This is really stupid, but it's true. I thought this is probably one of these things
 the media's made up as a thing. There's like two people have done it in one country and then it becomes
 a thing globally. That's what I thought, because Coke have on their website a thing. They have an FAQ
 section. And one of the FAQs is, can I tan myself nicely by rubbing Coke all over myself?
 And so they have to say, they don't have to say anything. It's too obvious for words.
 They choose to say, as much as we love Coca-Cola, we wouldn't recommend using it this way.
 There's no sun protection factor at all. It would protect you, but would it stay new?
 So that's why it's cool, so I believe it's because of its brown colour. And people think,
 therefore, it does make you browner and Peter Andre used to cover himself in Coke and I did go
 on some social media sites and I just can't tell if everyone's being ironic, but they don't seem
 like they're being ironic. People are just pouring cans of Coke over themselves.
 Are they a piece of sarswork? I think I would be even more effective with this.
 So I think I have memories of seeing friends do that in Australia.
 It's been going up for decades. It's a miss that's lasted so long.
 It is sticky, but then you wash yourself afterwards.
 What was the point that it comes off?
 No, no. What?
 Are you saying you've turned in the interview?
 Is this to help yourself get a turn though?
 Yeah. It's not to block a turn.
 No, it's to get it. It's to get it in.
 Right, right. It's like gravy granules during the war.
 Yeah. People did that, they would throw up gravy granules on themselves.
 And then you just draw a seam to be the seam on your stocking or your tight, you know?
 On the back of your leg.
 Oh, yes, that's right.
 With a pencil or something.
 You draw all your clothes on to go around naked, no one else does.
 That was when I invented the 1950s.
 It was out. It was like it's in the animal theory, it's really obvious.
 There is a big idea out there.
 And I think it's a little bit unclear in the real world whether this is true or not,
 that suncream is very bad for coral, right?
 Oh, yeah.
 And that you see this a lot and some beaches have even said,
 no, you're not allowed to go in if you've got suncream on.
 Well, why do you think band at one point?
 Tile at the shore.
 There are various places.
 And actually, I think it is a bit unclear whether in the real world,
 the amount of suncream that actually enters the water,
 considering how big and diluted it will be in the ocean,
 whether it's genuinely bad for coral.
 But there is a suncream that has been developed at the University of Derby,
 which is actively good for coral, which is nice.
 So it's like sort of, we've basically coral steroids in there.
 And what, and do you rub it on coral?
 No, you rub it on you and then you swim near the coral, I think.
 Oh really?
 But you don't rub it on the coral.
 Okay, fine.
 Have they tested out on coral, which are animals?
 Oh god, no idea.
 Do you think suncream is better for you if it's more expensive or cheaper?
 Oh, more expensive, of course.
 Which, the consumer group did a report in 2022 where they looked at some SPF 30 sun creams.
 Some of them were really, really posh expensive ones.
 And some of them were from supermarkets, so Morrison's Superdrug and Azda.
 And they found that the claimed protection was way more often correct
 from the supermarket ones than it was from the super posh ones.
 Was it?
 Was it sometimes incorrect?
 Because I did read that a lot of the SPF is sort of really faulty.
 They found that these expensive ones were very, very commonly incorrect,
 but the cheaper brands usually, and of course there will be different ones.
 And I'm not saying that you should all go out by the cheapest one you can find.
 But yeah, the cheap ones tended to be more or less correct.
 You can.
 So you get spray suncream, obviously, sometimes.
 And usually that protects you from burning, but it can cause you to burn really badly.
 Oh, no.
 Interesting.
 You don't put it on as carefully if you're spraying it.
 You miss it?
 Well, yeah, some people don't rub it in properly.
 They just allow it to absorb.
 No, no.
 So aerosols, you need something like alcohol or something to make it turn into spray.
 And that's incredibly flammable.
 So if the spray isn't controlled well enough to make sure that as soon as the alcohol in it,
 or whatever the flammable substance is, lands on your skin, it evaporates,
 then it will be extremely flammable.
 You catch fire.
 You catch fire.
 So banana boat suncream had to recall a bunch of suncreams a few years ago.
 This is exactly what we didn't run down the suncream.
 Sorry.
 Five people burst into flames.
 Did they really?
 Yeah, they did.
 They did.
 Sorry, people caught fire.
 It was generally if they're doing barbecues or lighting a cigarette or something.
 Oh, really?
 Spray the suncream on.
 And if you are too quick to go and toss those sausages on the barbie,
 they, you know, well, it's like using an aerosol spray.
 Like, like hairspray, I guess, right?
 Like hairspray.
 So usually it means that the valves must have let out a bit too much of the spray
 and been faulty to allow it to catch fire, but do be careful.
 The spray stuff interestingly comes out in your farts, not in your poop.
 Okay, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you very much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we've said over the course
 of this podcast, we can all be found on our online accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland on Instagram, James.
 My Instagram is no such thing as James Harkin.
 Andy?
 Mine is @AndruhunterM.
 Yep.
 And if you want to get to us generally as a group, Anna.
 Instagram is @nosuchthing or you can email podcast@ky.com.
 Yeah, podcast@ky.com.
 Remember that email address because if you have any facts that you would love us to talk about,
 you can send them in there and we will cherry pick the best of those
 and bring them to our bonus Monday show, which is called Little Fish.
 Or if you did hear something on this show or any other show that you thought,
 "Hey, I know something more about that," or "I've had any other one of our shows."
 Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
 It has to be specifically a no such thing as a fish show.
 We will accept a few others off menu.
 We will talk about them.
 We really love talking about my dad wrote a little porno.
 Send those in as well.
 But largely if it could be about us, that would be great.
 And you will go through the emails.
 He will pick them out for drop us a line.
 Our secret bonus show, which hides in the world of club fish.
 That is a place that you will find on patreon.com/clubfish.
 There are so many fun things there.
 We have video versions of drop us a line.
 We have extra long episodes of the things that you've just heard.
 There's tons to check out.
 There's three different tiers.
 Have a look now.
 But otherwise come back next week.
 Thanks as ever, of course, to the wider fish team,
 Leigh-Lee, Ethan Ruperelia and the other great fish busters who help make this show exist.
 And we will be back again.
 We'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 [MUSIC]
