 We run it on QI a few years ago.
 Yeah.
 Um, which was, there's no such thing as a fish.
 You did a nice, such thing as a fish.
 No, seriously, it's in the Oxford Dictionary of Underwater Life.
 It says it right there, first paragraph.
 No such thing as a fish.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of no such thing as a fish.
 A new weekly podcast coming to you from the QI offices in Covent Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber. I'm sitting here with three elves, James, Andy, and Anna.
 And once again, we just got around the microphone
 and we're going to share our favorite facts from the last seven days.
 So in no particular order, here they are.
 All right, so let's begin with you, Anna.
 What's your fact?
 Uh, so this week I discovered that rats will once the size of hippos.
 That is humongous.
 Yeah, it's pretty big.
 Well, basically, it's not all rats.
 It was discovered in 2008.
 It's called the Josepho Artigasium on AC.
 We'll put that on the website so you can look it up.
 And they think they could have put it up to 2.5 tons.
 Wow.
 So that's like the average hippo, I think, is about 1.5 tons.
 It's a largest-known snake in history.
 This was called titanoboa carogenesis.
 It was about the length of about three or four cars.
 What length would that be?
 So that is 50 feet long.
 Yeah, well, kind of cars like a Lamborghini or one of those little ones
 that you can park sideways.
 Strangely.
 Or S6 tend to yelling out the side of it.
 That's-- but no, there is a longer snake that was discovered.
 It's just never fully been authenticated,
 which was Percy Force at the Great Explorer.
 He was a snake.
 No.
 He claimed to have shot us 62 foot anaconda.
 You know, and he was very reputable as an explorer.
 So he wouldn't have-- he wouldn't have bragged.
 In 1910, Theodore Roosevelt offered a reward to the first person
 who presented a snake that was 30 feet long.
 And I don't think anyone ever claimed it.
 Well, is that quite clever?
 Because is that the catch 22 or something similar?
 Because you've offered this reward once you've shot a 30 foot plus snake.
 How are you transporting it back to show it up?
 And also, even if you do see a snake that's longer than 30 feet,
 my first thought would be to run away, not to capture it for a while.
 That's-- you don't have the Hunters' mentality.
 I mean, all people thought like that.
 Stately Huns of England would be much emptier in my footsteps.
 So what else do we know about this wrap?
 OK, so it was actually found in 1987 in Uruguay.
 It was apparently just put in a box in the Natural History Museum.
 It makes you wonder what else is in boxes at the moment,
 which people put aside five, 10 years ago.
 Yeah, I thought, oh, deal with that later.
 Remember that new species they found in a market in Cambodia
 or something?
 Oh, yeah.
 It was thought to be extinct.
 It was the rat.
 And yeah, they thought it was extinct.
 They thought it was extinct.
 They found it on a combat app, didn't they?
 Yeah.
 Well, no, in Laos, well, I remember Bill Bailey.
 His neighbor went to Laos and had a picture
 of what he thought was a new species of--
 I think it was porcupine.
 And he showed Bill and Bill took it to someone who
 studies porcupines and they said, yeah, this is a new species.
 And it was just there sitting in the marketplace.
 And the guy said, as well, that on this table,
 because it was a bunch of animals being sold for food.
 He was like, there's at least three or four new species
 we don't know about in science yet sitting on this table.
 That reminds me of another one.
 There was a guy who bought a sea urchin,
 I think it was, on eBay.
 And that turned out to be a new species.
 Right, first of all, why was he buying a sea urchin on eBay?
 Remember, in the 19th century, you would have like old explorers
 would get a load of-- they would go on an exploration.
 They'd buy a load of weird stuff and keep it in their house,
 like Herms, the Johnson's Museum up the road.
 And I like to think that when I have a bigger house,
 I'll have a cabinet of curiosities.
 And it'll be just stuff I bought off eBay.
 It's just a new way of exploring and finding new things.
 Yeah.
 Someone recently found some of the first Charlie Chaplin bits
 of film considered to be lost.
 And that was an eBay purchase.
 Amazing.
 Yeah.
 There's constant finds going on just with the natural world.
 We just need a really big spreadsheet as a humanity.
 And then if we just put everything on there that we don't have,
 you can just check in according to what you know about.
 Like a stock take.
 Yeah, like the internet.
 What, you can call it whatever you want.
 Then if you want to make up a name for it, that's fine.
 So going back to massive animals,
 it goes reading about the largest kangaroos.
 And apparently they're extinct now,
 but they're were kangaroos that were up to nine feet 10
 tall in Australia.
 And imagine how big that is.
 What kind of ounce could they get?
 Well, exactly.
 And I read that they were hunted to extinction.
 And that's pretty hardcore hunting, isn't it?
 They're not like you, James, they're just running away
 and gone back to eBay.
 But hunting a 10 foot kangaroo.
 With what as well?
 Yeah, it's not like they were shooting them down with rifles.
 I really like imagining what it would have been like.
 If you were like dropped on Earth any long period of time
 ago, like three million years ago,
 it just would have been completely mental.
 Because at the same time that rats were like sporting
 this enormous size, there were elephants and cypress
 that weighed only 200 kilograms.
 Oh.
 Yeah, really still pretty, I don't know how big it is.
 Do you know what?
 I genuinely, when I went, oh, for some reason,
 I thought that was the size of my fist.
 Kid, yeah, yeah.
 200 kilograms.
 I don't know why it sounded so tidy.
 I wasn't thinking about it.
 You have a very inflated sense of human strength as well.
 I don't have the punch.
 There's a cool thing.
 So animals shrink 10 times as fast as they grow.
 So in 24 million generations, an animal
 the size of a mouse can grow into the size of an elephant.
 But it takes a much shorter time for them
 to shrink back down again, about 2 million generations.
 It must be weird if you fast forward the footage of Earth,
 let's say, somehow, with some would fill the whole thing.
 Just to watch these animals just one suddenly go,
 boo, another one go, boo, and the power play between them.
 It would have been a time where elephants would be like,
 stay away from the massive 20 times the size of us
 things over there.
 And now, a rat would be petrified of a,
 or not, on elephant's scale of mice,
 is that a hangover?
 Is that some easter in a cartoon?
 I'm definitely in a cartoon.
 Is that not real thing?
 I don't know.
 I don't know.
 They ask her of bees, I think, but not--
 I was surprised to learn that Queen Victoria had a rat.
 Did you have that?
 She had an official rat catcher.
 He doubled his job.
 He was a rat catcher and a mold destroyer.
 And his name was Jack Black.
 He supposedly also gave a rat to Beatrix Potto.
 Wow.
 And so her book, Samuel Whiskers,
 is dedicated to the rat of the same name.
 And he was, those job titles were by appointments
 of Queen Victoria.
 Hang on, you're saying that she had a rat
 and also a rat catcher.
 And did he catch it?
 Yes.
 So would she release it?
 No, she could have said it for him to catch it ceremonially.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And now, the fourth of August, the catching of the rat begins.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 OK, let's move on to fact number two.
 I was reading this month's 14 times magazine.
 It was an article on the Pope.
 And that's where I found this fact.
 Which is, during his 27-year run as Pope,
 John Paul II took over 100 ski vacations.
 Very extravagant.
 And he did it-- he did it three a year.
 Yeah.
 He wouldn't have taken as many when he was old.
 No, no, he did it for about a 15-year period.
 Whoa.
 Yeah.
 Well, so he took like 70 years or so.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, he used to sneak out.
 He used to get very bored with the Vatican.
 So they would genuinely-- they would get into a car
 and they would drive to the mountains.
 And he stayed in a resort with a mate of his who he would go skiing
 with, and he was a skiing instructor.
 And this guy used to--
 I'd like to think he would be in full guard as well.
 Yeah.
 But his friend said that he skied like a swallow.
 Is that good?
 I don't know.
 I don't know what that means.
 Because swallow is almost famous for not skiing.
 Yeah.
 It's the first thing you think when you say the word swallow.
 Yes.
 Not skis.
 He was a very sporty guy.
 He was.
 Holgen Paul.
 He was a goalkeeper, wasn't he, when he was a--
 Yeah, he was.
 He played for his school and his university.
 And he might have carried on with World War II.
 Haven't broken out.
 Well, his-- the pitch that he used to play on in his hometown
 is a sacred site that pilgrims often go.
 If there's a list of places to go,
 that's one of the places, one of his own fields, yeah.
 Do they take away turf or things like that?
 The article that I read was an article
 to do with the fact that a bit of clothing
 with a stain of his blood was stolen recently.
 And I know that that would be seen as quite sacrilegious
 to steal something like that.
 But it seems that everything that was to do with his
 is being left.
 So I doubt anyone would take any turf out of respect.
 That's good.
 Because they see them as kind of holy--
 I don't know.
 He's going to be probably a saint, if he's not already.
 He's this year.
 This April 27th, he's being--
 He's fast-tracked, isn't he?
 So people just love relics.
 And I remember reading, I don't know if this is true,
 but then they gave away relics for free on the internet
 after he died, so that people wouldn't then
 start trying to steal and sell relics
 because they would flood the market with these other ones.
 There was someone in the 14th or 13th century
 who bit off the finger from the hand of a relic in a church.
 Do you remember this James?
 I remember that story, but I don't remember.
 You sort of bend down to, oh, please,
 I'll kiss the finger, the holy finger of the holy hand
 at the saint, and then just bite off a joint
 and keep it anywhere until he've left.
 Guys, we got it!
 Did she stop the car?
 But do you know that he was a member of the Harlem Globetrotters?
 I did, actually.
 We have that to say that.
 Yeah, no, because he was a total sports enthusiast.
 So on top of being a-- on top of skiing,
 he also spent a lot of time with Muhammad Ali whenever
 he got the chance to.
 So he was a huge boxing enthusiast.
 As is the Dalai Lama, loves boxing.
 I don't know what it is about religious heads.
 I should say, though, my source for this is Brian Blessed,
 who claims he spard with the Dalai Lama when he was a child.
 The Dalai Lama does not look like he threw a weighty punch.
 Like, not on your 23 stone fist level at all.
 But he really looks pretty weak, no offense.
 Yeah, I suppose.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Anyway, so yeah, I got this fact from the 40-in-times magazine,
 which is a magazine about the world of strange phenomena.
 I highly recommend it.
 It's really a magazine.
 It's fantastic.
 One of the QALs writes for it, Matt Coward.
 He writes a myth-conception column for it, which
 is like a general ignorance thing, and it's great.
 It shocked me when I read in this article
 that he went skiing because you kind of imagine
 that popes grew up as religious people straight
 from the get-go didn't have a life before.
 The latest pope that we have, Pope Francis, one of his early jobs
 was he was a nightclub bouncer.
 Actually, when you think about it, isn't his role effectively
 as what a bouncer now?
 No.
 He could let you into heaven.
 Who's God in this?
 Is God the manager of the club?
 Yeah, God's the owner.
 That sounds right.
 God's the owner of the club.
 I thought God was a DJ, according to that popular hit song.
 God is a DJ.
 Life is a does for what the Pope is the bells.
 Have a ministry of sound.
 Also, Pope Francis, he loves the Hobbit and Lord of the Rings.
 Doesn't it?
 And often in his talks, he's sight.
 He'll use examples where he'll say,
 it's like Frodo in Bilbo.
 Like, he'll use them as a really funny.
 Yeah, he has a degree in chemistry.
 I wouldn't have expected that.
 And he has one lung.
 He has one lung.
 What?
 He has one lung.
 He's the other one.
 He gave it to the poor.
 Ah, man.
 He did do that.
 Here's the thing.
 He can't have donated it to the Pope
 because the Pope is not allowed to donate his organs.
 I read this in that.
 It's a philosophical law.
 Yeah, there was a guy who's a member
 of the Vatican Health Council, and they asked him about it.
 And he said he couldn't do it,
 because the body of the Pope effectively
 belonged to the entire Catholic Church.
 You did a thing about the Pope's dying,
 or the death of the Pope.
 Yeah, yeah.
 It's basically when a Pope dies.
 I haven't done this for the last two
 Pope's, but every Pope before they have done,
 to confirm that he's dead.
 They gently tap him on the head with a silver hammer
 and call his name out three times.
 Hey, Pope!
 They say his birth name, just to make sure he's really dead.
 It's a tradition.
 It's a small silver hammer.
 I remember reading the article about when the Pope died,
 and there was a brilliant line in it.
 I always remember it's, when a Pope dies,
 his seals are defaced, and his ring is split into.
 Which is going to be particularly poignant
 when the latest one goes, because of his lord of the rings
 and hobbit.
 That has to be taken to Mount Etna.
 That's right.
 That's right, that's right.
 Do you know what, I also was suddenly thinking,
 I don't know much about how they choose a Pope.
 Like, how do they actually find the next Pope?
 You know, I could technically be a Pope,
 as if they could choose me if they wanted to.
 I think you should be.
 Because the rule is, I'm pretty sure this is right,
 the rule is that, as long as you're a baptized
 and confirmed Roman Catholic,
 you could technically be chosen as a Pope.
 I mean, they usually choose a cardinal,
 but theoretically, they could just knock on my door
 and say, "You're in."
 The only thing that might stop me is,
 I think I might have been excommunicated already.
 You think you might have been excommunicated?
 Yeah, that's a very hazy light out, isn't it?
 I was in this nightclub.
 (laughter)
 No, what?
 Don't worry, I know the message.
 But what it is, is there's certain things that,
 if you do them, you can be excommunicated,
 even without any priest or Pope say,
 so they're just so bad that you are excommunicated.
 And I have done one of these things.
 And that is, mentioning Jesus' foreskin.
 Oh.
 Because I was done it again, I was done again.
 James, your chances of being Pope are narrowing all the time.
 Well, we've mentioned it on QI,
 and so as part of the team who wrote that script,
 that means as a Roman Catholic, I think I'm out.
 Everyone who works on the production has known--
 Thanks a lot.
 It's not out of the running.
 It's actually you.
 I know you would have made a brilliant Pope.
 Thank you, I know.
 I think it's on the count of, if you're a Roman Catholic,
 the rest of you are going to hell anyway, right?
 Looking forward to it.
 So OK, if you were going to be made Pope,
 they put a new rule in quite recently,
 which is you have to be under 80 to vote.
 Why do you have to be under 80?
 That seems unfair.
 Anyone who can successfully complete a black run
 on his fees can vote.
 So do you know how they-- so they obviously select the Pope,
 but they have to ask the Pope first off.
 It's an official sentence that needs to be said.
 And they all go, no.
 No, me, I go on, I go on.
 No, so the question that they get asked
 is, do you freely accept your election as supreme pontiff?
 And the one word answer that they give is--
 Accepto!
 [LAUGHTER]
 It's so wonderful.
 That's more Harry Potter than Lord of the Rings.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And then they walk through the door of tears,
 and then they get fitted with the fisherman's ring,
 which is the ring that you were talking about earlier
 that we now need to throw into the fires of Mordor.
 I just want to say this is pretty non-sequitur,
 but it's my favorite fact about any popes in history.
 In the 15th century, Pope Sixus the Fourth
 granted a formal dispensation to the Cardinal of St.
 Lucia to cool himself by sodomy during the three hot months
 of June, July, and August.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Amazing.
 That's very thoughtful.
 I'm just so warm.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I really think that if I was allowed to commit sodomy,
 I'd be much cooler.
 And if instead it may be a cold bar.
 That is an amazing, amazing phrase.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 OK, let's move on to fact number three, which is you, James.
 A hundred years ago, a quarter of the residents of New York
 would move house every single May the 1st at exactly 9 a.m.
 That's extraordinary.
 Why?
 I read this the other day.
 I can't remember where I came across it,
 but I was just astonished that I hadn't heard it before.
 It's just like the kind of thing that I would have come across.
 And what would happen is people who were renting their houses
 would have a one-year lease, and all the leases
 would end on the same day.
 And the landlords would up the rent so much
 that they needed to find a better deal.
 And everyone would do this, and everyone would move.
 And it was absolute pandemonium.
 You're so chaos.
 Oh, I'm surprising.
 Yeah.
 It sounds terrible system.
 I bet it is.
 When did that go up to?
 That was until the 1940s, I think.
 But I mean, it was more common in the late 19th century,
 and early 20th century.
 That is such a bad idea.
 I know, because moving is the most stressful thing you can do.
 What if you were doing it at the same time
 as a quarter of all residents of your city?
 Goodness.
 Maybe it's not that there's something moral-supporty about it.
 And you know, you come out of the street and it's like,
 oh, yeah, it's same for you, hey?
 A bit like the blitz spirit kind of, right?
 Exactly.
 And something that I read about it was that the big kind
 of important people, suddenly of the city,
 were the Cartman, the people who drove the car--
 who suddenly were treated with respect
 that they'd never seen before.
 People would be bowing to them, calling them Mr. Cartman.
 And Trista Cartman.
 So whatever your name is, Cartman.
 It's great, guys.
 It's great, guys.
 You're not going too long.
 Though it's Anthony Troop's mother wrote about it.
 And I just want to quickly read out this little passage.
 She said, on the 1st of May, the city of New York
 has the appearance of sending off a population flying
 from the plague, or a town which has
 surrendered on condition of carrying away
 all the goods and chattels.
 Everyone I spoke to on the subject,
 complained of this custom, as most annoying.
 But all assured me, it was unavoidable.
 And what I love about this is it's something which
 is completely, obviously, impractical.
 But people still didn't.
 And just thought, oh, well, this is obviously the only way.
 We're just going to have to put up with it.
 And I think that's happened quite a few times in history.
 I think it's quite cool.
 In India, at the moment, they're trying
 to change the time by shifting this certain area of India
 by 30 minutes forward.
 They would save 2.7 billion units of electricity every year.
 And that's the reason they want to do it.
 But everyone's petrified of it because they're saying
 it's going to cause chaos.
 And it just made me think that they like savings
 as a thing that we all just do it.
 We just say, OK, the time has changed.
 That's fine.
 I mean, maybe in the future, that will be--
 They'll just look at it and go, yeah.
 These guys were idiots.
 Remember when they wanted to work out
 where the zero-longitude it was?
 And it goes through credit now.
 So we call it GMT.
 But at the same time, the French wanted to put it
 through Paris, which means if we'd
 have done that, it would have been called PMT.
 You were telling me a fact about this whole thing
 of chaotic movement.
 And it was to do with the swapping of--
 So yeah, this was in Sweden.
 I can't remember what year it was.
 But they always drove on the left-hand side.
 And they decided to drive on the right-hand side.
 And they decided to do it all at one time.
 So everyone would drive on the left.
 And then all of a sudden, they would all
 decide to drive on the right at a certain time.
 It's amazing.
 I know.
 Do you want to phase it in gradually?
 No, no.
 Defend.
 So what happened once?
 Everyone would drive on the left until 450.
 And then come to a complete stop.
 No one was allowed to drive for 10 minutes.
 And then everyone would carefully
 move to the right-hand side of the road
 and start driving again.
 And we weren't allowed to start again until 5.
 What did that go?
 Can you imagine if you were the only person in the country
 who hadn't got the memo?
 What's going on?
 That was brilliant.
 It was kind of what did it work?
 Well, weirdly, it did.
 And there's lots of pictures that it looks a bit like chaotic,
 but it was called--
 I'm going to get this wrong, I'm sure--
 but it's something like, "Hurka Traffic on Lagmingland,"
 or they call it "Dagon H," which means the "H" day.
 And on that day, there were only 125
 reparted traffic accidents.
 But on a normal Monday, there would be between 130 and 198.
 And there were no fatalities.
 So actually, it was a safer day than normal.
 So we should switch sides of the road every single day
 to keep the utilities down.
 So we've got a moral duty to do that.
 Absolutely.
 You want to put it really into the deal.
 But you would be more careful.
 It's like the idea of some innovator
 has come up with the spike in the middle of the steering
 wheel, which is pointing directly at your heart,
 which would make us all drive very carefully.
 The spike them down at least, yeah.
 I think that's a brilliant idea.
 Don't get an airbag, get a spike.
 Yes, you really want to be safe.
 There would be a lot fewer people hit by cars,
 but a lot more people driving cars would die.
 You're not a spike related to Jews.
 Another spike I'm afraid of you.
 Well, I think we can make this a quick autopsy, can we?
 Yeah.
 That wasn't tragically impaled.
 Why is he pionned?
 tragically impaled, because he couldn't get the right clutch.
 He just followed it and he had another seat adjustment accident.
 And there's another, even more complicated theory,
 that actually it wouldn't affect the number of statistics
 we have, because people always drive at the very edge
 of safety.
 There was a study done on this, I can't remember all the details,
 but there was a study done.
 And it was a level crossing.
 And they measured how quickly people were driving.
 And it was just about the safest they could do,
 and slam on it, and still not hit the train.
 And then they put a hedge in front of the level crossing.
 So you wouldn't be able to see it until a bit later.
 And they found that people slowed down,
 but only to the extent that they would have to slam on
 and just amount of them is a trade.
 Wow.
 Risk takers.
 So going back to the obviously impractical.
 In Micronesia, they had these maps.
 And the maps were made of sticks and made of rope.
 And the maps would be related to the waves,
 because waves change when they go past islands.
 And so you would look at your map and look at the waves,
 and you'd be able to tell which way to go.
 Now, the waves are not very easy to see.
 If so, you have to somehow detect the waves.
 And the best way that they found to do it
 was to put the most sensitive part of your body into the sea,
 which was your testicles.
 So they would dip their testicles into the ocean
 and measure the waves.
 And then they would look at their map
 and decide which way to go to get to the next island.
 The thing is, I just like the fact that,
 I mean, dipping your testicles in the water
 and looking at them up is a completely impractical way.
 They just thought, well, that's the best way we have,
 which we're just going to do it.
 It's just as well that you don't have to do it today,
 isn't it?
 Excuse me.
 Sorry, do you know the way to the swimming pool?
 Yeah, they had one second.
 Got my beaker.
 [LAUGHTER]
 OK, let's move on to our final fact of the show.
 Andy, this is your one.
 OK, this is that nobody knows why we kiss.
 Is that you and I on?
 [LAUGHTER]
 Especially not your life, oh my god, for God's sake.
 [LAUGHTER]
 There are a couple of theories as to why humans
 kiss each other, as opposed to just for pleasure,
 but all because it feels good.
 But it's not clear with the answer one way or the other.
 Basically, it's between whether we instinctively do it
 or whether it's learned behavior.
 Well, I remember reading that actually it's not historically
 that all cultures kiss, is it?
 So that would imply that it's not--
 It's not instinctive to hear it.
 It's happy, is it?
 I think the theory is to it being instinctual
 is that mothers would mash up food in their mouths.
 They would chew the food themselves, and they'd transfer it
 into their infant's mouth.
 And so all we're really trying to do when we kiss each other
 is recreate the nice feeling of one's mother regurgitating
 food into your mouth.
 So we all love that.
 Certainly why I do it.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I read that it was the kind of the global spread of kissing
 as a common thing was done by the Romans.
 I really did.
 They were a vibrant kissing culture, apparently.
 And they maybe brought it in from India.
 Have you read that bit?
 No, but the weird sentence I read is that they did it
 via military conquest.
 So it was actually through war that kissing became a--
 Well, there's much less right now.
 I read about one culture that doesn't kiss.
 These are the people of Mangaya, which
 is an island in the Cook Islands.
 And it's written about them that they don't kiss at all.
 But the way they make up for it is they
 are one of the most sexually active groups of people
 in the world.
 And I'm going to quote this.
 At 28 years of age, they average two orgasms
 per night, five to six times a week.
 The expectation is that the male will strive to have his partner
 have two or three orgasms to his one.
 So basically, they're the most orgasmic people,
 but they don't kiss.
 Or they're the most compulsive liars in the world.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I just find you amazing braggers.
 Yeah.
 And like eight orgasms last night, I don't know how do you?
 I've gone for another three times as many, so nonsense.
 There is a thought that-- I think Kato the elder said this--
 yes, the Romans did like to kiss.
 But there's a theory that Romans kiss their wives
 to check whether or not they've been drinking.
 And Kato wrote that her husband was considered
 to be acting within his legal right
 if he killed his wife after catching her drinking
 or with alcohol on her breath.
 That's true.
 Did you guys read that it's only this year
 the 2014 edition of the French Dictionary
 that French kissing is now a word in France?
 This is the word--
 Galache.
 Galache.
 La galache is an ice skating boot.
 And so the new term is the idea of tongues slipping on ice.
 Slipping on ice.
 Yeah, like an ice skating boot.
 They're not as romantic as we have given them credit for.
 They did a lot of slipping on ice, wasn't they?
 Every year.
 I use the official word categorism.
 Yeah.
 That's why you do so well.
 There's a book called "The Science of Kissing"
 by Cheryl Kieschenbaum, which I've really enjoyed.
 I've read a lot all of it, but some of it.
 The author says that 90% of people
 can remember that their first kiss
 better than the first time they had sex.
 Is that to do with drunkenness or--
 I don't--
 I don't think that's a very--
 Usually you're fun.
 Yeah, better than--
 Do you guys know the first video footage of a kiss?
 It was actually one of the first films ever
 shown to the public.
 And it was a couple kissing.
 And it was from a scene which
 was in a play called "The Widow Jones."
 And you can see the video online.
 It was filmed by the Edison company.
 The quote they gave around it was,
 they get ready to kiss, begin to kiss, and kiss and kiss
 in a way that brings down the house every time.
 That was in the description, yeah.
 And so we'll put out on qi.com/podcast.
 You can see the very first recorded video kiss.
 I think you're going to mention the first film
 to win Best Picture.
 This was called "Wings," I think.
 Going off memory, but Andy's nodding.
 So I think he might be right, but there
 is a man-on-man kiss.
 Yes, there is.
 It's two soldiers or aviators in the festival.
 Yeah, yeah.
 But we were saying about the Widow Jones
 the first cinematic kiss.
 I just wanted to quickly mention the review
 that it was given by a painter called John Sloan.
 This is also possibly the first film review ever.
 This is in 1896.
 He said the kiss is absolutely disgusting.
 Neither participant is physically attractive.
 And the spectacle of their prolonged past
 during on each other's lips was hard to bear.
 When only life-sized, it was pronounced beastly,
 magnifying to go a gancho in proportions.
 It is absolutely disgusting.
 Such things call for police interference.
 [LAUGHTER]
 That's amazing.
 Allegedly the first ever film review.
 Police interference.
 Call the police.
 Shut it down.
 He just got out of a difficult relationship.
 Yeah.
 But if you watch the video as well, it's hilarious
 because they're basically spend half the clip
 with their mouth to each other.
 But they're just chatting to each other.
 Yeah.
 That's not that really close, huh?
 Literally, their mouth's going, oh, yeah, you got it.
 They're talking into each other's mouths almost, yeah.
 Obviously, a lot of cultures have a different way
 of greeting kissing.
 You know, the French will kiss on both cheeks.
 It's always a confusion.
 You don't know how many times you're kissing.
 For politicians, it's a big problem,
 particularly when they're meeting heads of states
 who, particularly, they shouldn't be seen as having
 an intimate moment with.
 And I learned that Bill Clinton when he was introduced
 to Yes Arafat, because Yes Arafat's a big hugger.
 And there's a period where he couldn't just couldn't get a hug
 from Yes Arafat, so he had to avoid it.
 And the way that he avoided it was that his aides
 taught him jujitsu, so he could call specific moves on Arafat
 whenever he went in for a hug.
 Look, through him over his shoulder.
 If you watch some of the footage,
 you'll notice that Arafat suddenly get flipped to the ground.
 No, but so Clinton was actively taught jujitsu
 in order to avoid the Arafat hug.
 Arafat finally got a hug on him, though, at one point.
 There's a photo that you can see there.
 Bill Clinton tries to avoid physical contact.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Michael Lewinsky said that he initially kissed her--
 all the first time he kissed her, it was to shut her up
 about something, because she was rabbating on her words.
 I think she was thinking more charitable interpretation
 on it than might deserve.
 Maybe she accidentally walked into the Oval Office,
 and she said, sorry, I got lost.
 I was looking for the staff room.
 Do you know where it is?
 I do have a method.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 OK, that's all the time we have for this week.
 That's all of our facts.
 Thank you so much, everyone, for listening.
 That's been another episode of "No Such Thing as a Fish."
 If you want to get in contact with any of us
 about the facts that we've been talking about,
 you can find us all on Twitter.
 Andy, you're on @andruhunter.
 James, you're on @andruhunter.
 Anna, we are almost convincing to get on to Twitter,
 but in the meantime, @quickipedia.
 And I'm @tribaland.
 Also, a special thanks to Emperor Yes
 for the theme tune that they've given us, which is Wasps.
 There's a full version of that song and iTunes
 that you can download or check out those soundclouds
 or follow them on Twitter @empera_yes.
 And if you want to head over to www.qi.com/podcast,
 we're going to have a full page again of all the information,
 extra links to the first kiss, all that sort of stuff.
 You can check it out.
 And we'll see you again next time next week.
 Bye.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
