 [music]
 Hello and welcome to another Working from Home episode of No Such Thing as a Fish,
 a weekly podcast coming to you from four undisclosed locations in the UK.
 My name is Dan Schreiber, I am sitting here with James Harkin,
 Andrew Hunter Murray, Anna Tijinski, and once again we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favourite facts from the last seven days and in no particular order here we go.
 Starting with you, Andy.
 My fact is that spies can tell what people are saying by looking at the lights in the room they're in.
 So this is a new spying technique which has been discovered or, I don't know what you do with spying
 techniques, but it's been found out by researchers from the Ben Gurion University of the Negev
 and the Weissmann Institute of Science. And what they've found is that there are lots of different
 ways of eavesdropping on people, and this one is called LAMPHONE. And what it means is,
 if we're all talking in our rooms, if there's a light bulb and it has to be a hanging light bulb,
 so you know, a classic bulb, your conversation will make tiny, tiny vibrations on the surface
 and that will slightly affect the light inside the bulb. And you can get very cheap equipment,
 like cost a couple of hundred dollars, and you just observe the light bulb from outside the room,
 and you can pick up what people are talking about. You can decode speeches.
 Yeah, so you can, it's not like Morse, it's not translating into Morse, you can pick up the actual
 sound? Well, I think it has to be translated from light bulb language into sound.
 So it is light bulb language? Yeah, but they can even, you can shazam the song that someone is playing
 in a room. That's how, yeah. It's amazing, isn't it? And they reckon that they took a snippet of a
 speech by Donald Trump, and they could understand what he was saying, which is quite impressive,
 because most people can't understand what he's saying most of the time anyway.
 Can we do a light bulb episode of Fish that we just release in light bulb language and
 people can decode down the line? Yeah, good idea. Yeah, that won't present any technical problems.
 It's hard enough to get on Zoom, Dan. Is this, do they use lasers for this to reflect, because you
 can't just pin your ear to the window and listen to the vibrations coming off the light bulb or
 anything, presumably. Is it lasers they bounce off it? Yeah, it's invisible lasers. So you won't
 notice a kind of sniper dot on your light bulb, so you won't be able to tell you being spider.
 What it is actually, I believe not a laser, I think. I think it's just a telescope,
 so you get the light and an electro optical sensor. Now that might have a laser in it,
 for all I know, but I think what it is, it takes the light in and it can sense the very,
 very slight changes in light. Can I just say why I flubbed that? It's because there's a separate
 thing called a laser microphone, which was, this was used, this is where you fire a laser at the
 windows of a room and you can eavesdrop that way. And this was used in 2013 in a place called a
 botter bed and it was used to find out that there was an extra person inside a building in a botter
 bed and that extra person who never left the building turned out to be Osama Bin Laden.
 So that's how they found out there was an extra person inside that building who never went outside.
 And do you know who invented this, this laser? No. It was Leon Theramen, the inventor of the
 Theramen. That instrument? Do the noise again, Dan? You should explain what the Theramen is,
 as well as doing that excellent impersonation. I think we have mentioned it before.
 Yeah, so Theramans are, you will have seen them possibly as an instrument that I don't,
 I actually don't know how they work technically. They give off electromagnetic waves, don't they,
 and your hand can disrupt them and they make a noise. Yeah, so people use their hand, if you see
 them sort of pushing forward and backwards their hand, it will sort of make that kind of...
 Yeah, it's basically a ghost impression is what it sounds like.
 So Leon Theramen invented what basically was the precursor to the modern laser microphone that we
 have today and it was used by the Soviet Union and he was given a Stalin prize for inventing this,
 what was advanced espionage technology. So Theramen found Osama Bin Laden.
 Wow. That's amazing. That's sort of spooky.
 The other thing that Theramen did really interestingly was he had invented basically
 like the technology you have on contactless credit cards. He put one of those in a giant wooden seal
 and when I say seal, I don't mean the animal. I mean like kind of a symbol of the United States
 and then gave it to the US embassy somewhere, I think, and they had it up in their room,
 but what they didn't realise is there was a tiny chip in there and that they could hear
 what was happening by using this contactless technology, I think.
 Yep. Yeah, you're completely right.
 They didn't have to go up to the seal. The Soviets didn't have to go up to the seal
 and then sort of tap on it to get the sound files out, but they sort of fired electromagnetic
 beams at it, didn't they? And that activated it, just like your oyster card is activated
 by the ticket stand. It was called the thing.
 The thing? That's what it's called. The seal was called the thing.
 Soviet school children gave it to the US embassy or the US ambassador in 1945 and they managed to
 get seven years of espionage recording out of it. Wow, that's so cool.
 How did they make sure the US ambassador put it in the right room?
 It was so big, I think, that I had to go on the wall somewhere. I don't think they could guarantee
 the room, but also it was completely made of wood, so they thought this is definitely safe.
 There's no way this is a spying tool.
 And the really clever thing about those kind of chips that you have in your credit card and in
 your oyster card is they don't need any power, do they? All the power comes from the thing that's
 scanning them. You know, Edward Snowden, he has a secret device to stop himself being spied on,
 which is a blanket over his head. Is that what inspires you? Because you do that sometimes
 when we record. And I thought it was just to embellish the ghost impression that you've been
 honing. That's just social anxiety. But Edward Snowden has, he calls it his magic mantle of
 power. And basically, it's to stop targeted video surveillance. Because obviously, if you're
 Edward Snowden, you know, leaking secrets, there's a chance someone will be trying to
 spy on you. So he just puts a blanket over his head when he types his password in.
 I remember reading an article about, was it Glenn Greenwald who interviewed him?
 Yeah, someone like that. And they said that whenever they went into his hotel room or his
 house or whatever, they always made you put your phone in the microwave as soon as you
 walked in. That was what you always had to do. I think Snowden makes people put it in the
 refrigerator. I'll just see. It's his. Yeah. How does it work, Andy, though? If he's put it over
 his head, he's not going to be able to see what he's typing. A, but also it's just his eyeballs
 that I'm not seeing. I reckon Edward Snowden can touch type. But still, what are they recording?
 All of him is under the blanket. Oh, he's in a port. No, he's not. Well, yes. He's got a blanket
 over his head and his hands, basically. It's in case there's someone, the camera in the room that
 would fill what he's typing. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And you've got to assume that he's done the very
 basic putting masking tape over the camera on his laptop, because if he's missed that trick,
 he's an absolute nobody. Actually, you know what they can tell what you're typing by just
 listening to the sound of your typing on your keyboard. So there are some researchers at
 the University of California, Berkeley, actually, it's Doug Tiger and his team. And they've worked
 out every time you click a button, it makes a very, very slightly different sound to the other ones.
 But you can't really tell which one is which. But what you can do is you can take all the clicks
 and then work out the one that comes most often is probably E. And if there are two letters together,
 these researchers, they realize that it could be T H or it could be E R. And it could definitely not
 be B F, because there are no words with B F next to each other. What the hell of us there are?
 What if you're like, me and my B F are both hardcore spies? Exactly. If you are Edward Snowden,
 here's a little tip for him, and he's in his little fort, and you want to trick the FBI,
 just keep writing about your B F F. He's been a major sort of revealer of a lot of these secrets
 that we've been researching, hasn't he? So he, a lot of stuff came out on the back of his revelations.
 So I think, for instance, when the Guardian was doing their investigation and they got
 hold of a lot of the documents, they were told that they weren't allowed to keep any of the Edward
 Snowden files in their offices because the government thought that they could be spied on
 by laser microphones, just bouncing off their glasses of water and stuff like that. So it's
 not just the windows. It's if you've got a mug of tea or anything similar to that, they could do that.
 And yeah, he's in the wake of his revelations, a lot of countries took action to make sure that
 the US or the NSA couldn't spy on them too much anymore. So Germany, for instance, invested in a
 whole bunch of typewriters, which I don't know if this would have solved the typing issue. But the
 idea is that if you're writing on a typewriter, there's no digital memory of it anywhere. You've
 just got it on a bit of paper in that weird old school font. And then I guess you just post it
 to somebody. But it is quite annoying if you need to share a document with 20 other people.
 But yeah, and Russia, I think, spent 10 grand on antique typewriters after that.
 Really? Do any of you guys have a typewriter? I have one. And they're a pain to use compared with a
 computer. They're so annoying. Like they just always get stuck and whenever you make a mistake,
 you can't press delete.
 James, why are you writing on a typewriter? That's a big question for me.
 Well, you know, I'm married to a Russian.
 No, I got one as a gift and I really liked it. And I thought I might try typing on it,
 but it's really a fucking annoying. It does seem like a pain.
 It must be so annoying for all these people who work in spy centres coming up with new ways of
 spying on people that some dorky scientists are just publishing these papers going, "Oh,
 we found out that they must be reading light bulbs." Because I'm like, "Damn it, that took me years."
 I created the technology to read light bulbs and now we're going to look for something else.
 What next? Yeah, because some people do that. People, I think there's a company, a data analysis
 company called Palantir, which is used by the US Secret Service. So they must know what they're
 doing. And they have designed their windows to have these things that they call acoustic transducers
 on them, which basically, if you try to use the window vibrations, it just sends out white
 noise or something. Maybe it sends out some kind of ha ha prank tube message to anyone.
 That would be brilliant if you could hack your window to send other messages out.
 But I think, isn't that why governments would use net curtains? I think that's why,
 because that supposedly dampened the vibrations. Other governments which use net curtains,
 because I also think them with suburbia in the 1950s. You have to have an old lady peering around
 them to see what the neighbours are doing. You know, the Sopranos, the great TV series,
 the mobster TV series. So it was so realistic. It was so on point for what would happen in the
 real life of a mobster, that mobsters started thinking there must be someone on the inside who
 was leaking information to the writers and producers of the show. And we know that they had those
 conversations because the FBI were actually wiretapping the mobsters who had that conversation
 and fed that back to the writers and producers of the Sopranos. But they used to listen into
 conversations of mobsters going, "Did you see the Sopranos on Sunday? How did they know that we
 do that kind of thing?" Come on, Dad, you could have done it better. Italian-American accent.
 Nope, he couldn't. Turns out, Dan, you sounded like a Kiwi. You sounded New Zealandish, which is
 the opposite of being a New Jersey you're trying to get. You did New Zealand. Do you think New
 Zealand is the opposite of being in the Sopranos? Because that probably is quite close. A harmless
 Kiwi. Pretty much is. Yeah, you're right. Dan, you know what you were saying about
 what is annoying that all these secrets come out? It must be irritating if you're in the
 Secret Service. So I have a suspicion that everything we found out is all just fake news
 that's subtly put out by the CIA or MI5 to throw us off the scent. Because it's just so much they
 release. Or, Anna, sorry, by Big Lumpshade. Could be them. The Lumpshade companies trying to make us
 buy Lumpshades. You're absolutely bang on. Or candle. James, you're 1950s house. You've got your
 neck curtains. You've got your big fringe Lumpshade. The typewriter's out. I am from Murder She Wrote.
 She has a kerfletcher on over. Sorry, Anna. So Big Lumpshade, or whoever it is, has put out this
 fake news. Because this stuff that comes out is amazing. So there's a book called Spycraft,
 which came out in 2009. And it was written by the head of the Office of Technical Service,
 which is the CIA department that's responsible for all of their gadgets. So it's written by
 this former head of that. And he just revealed this amazing stuff. But it sounds so implausible.
 So he said that they used to, when they met business people or politicians or diplomats,
 they'd hand out gifts. And all the gifts would have devices placed in them.
 So a bit like these schoolchildren. So they'd hand out books or lighters or flower pots,
 apparently. But you just think if you're-- Wait a minute. If you're going to give a gift, right?
 Don't give a flower pot, which they might put outside. You need to give them something that
 would-- Oh, here's a milk bottle as a gift. It's like you've got to give them something
 that they'll definitely keep in the house. You're so right. The only noise you get from
 that is wind and then squirrels and foxes desperately digging through earth.
 I saw an amazing video online just while we're on the CIA. So the CIA has a chief of disguise,
 which I didn't know. And the former chief of disguise does this video. She's called John
 Amendez. And it's amazing. This video is her sitting talking about how you can slip into
 a disguise very quickly or the elaborate ways that they do it. And during the video,
 she slowly goes into different disguises. So sometimes she's an old man. And it's really
 incredible. And she was talking about a lot of the mythology of CIA disguise and what they do,
 particularly the Mission Impossible movies with wearing the sort of fake head. And that's not
 far from the truth of what they did. And there's this fantastic set of photos when she went to
 meet George Bush Sr. to tell him about what they were up to, that she sat doing the whole meeting.
 And then near the end, rips off her mask and has a different-- her real head underneath and
 Bush didn't notice the entire time. You can see these photos. Highly recommend.
 But he didn't notice her ripping off her own face.
 No, he sort of looked at it. He didn't just carry on with the meeting.
 I thought this was late in the presidency where he wasn't really paying attention anymore.
 No, he didn't notice that she had a fake head on during the meeting.
 I do not found it suspicious that Mrs. Doubtfire wanted to have a meeting with him in the first
 place. Okay, it is time for fact number two. And that is James.
 Okay, my fact this week is that London Bridge was destroyed by a tornado in 1091.
 What? Like, I can't believe I didn't know this already. I thought,
 why are they not teaching it in schools?
 Why is it not a great movie? Yeah, this is incredible, this fact.
 This was one of the first London bridges. In fact, probably the first one we 100%
 definitely know about. There will have been some before, but we're not quite sure what happened
 to them. But it was William the Conqueror. He came into London in 1066.
 And one of his first things that he did when his army came in was they built a new bridge
 over the River Thames. And it was just 25 years later that it was completely demolished by a tornado.
 And we don't know much about it because obviously people didn't write much down in those days.
 But 12th century historian William of Malmesbury says that it was completely wrecked.
 There were also churches that were wrecked, and there were more than 600 houses that were
 completely flattened. And we now think that it was what's called an F4 tornado,
 which is the second strongest tornado you can get with winds over 200 miles an hour.
 Amazing. Is it how? Did he call it a tornado at the time?
 I've just realized, I mean, did he call it a mighty wind or something else like that?
 Because presumably they didn't have the word then, did they?
 It's such a good question. They won't have had the word. So that's, yeah, you answered your own
 question. Actually, what a bad question. You knew the answer. You were wasting everyone's time.
 I didn't know. And only two people were killed, apparently, in this tornado.
 That's so weird. Was no one in any of the 600 or whatever houses that were falling down?
 It's so weird, isn't it? Everyone's out at work.
 It sounds extraordinarily powerful. So the church of St Mary LeBeau had 26-foot-high
 rafters, and apparently they were driven so far into the earth by this tornado
 that only four feet of them remained above ground, which I was thinking,
 because Mary LeBeau is a very famous church in London for those people who aren't Londoners,
 because that's if you're born within the sound of the bells of Mary LeBeau,
 then you are officially a cockney. And I'm guessing the bells weren't functioning once
 it was driven into the ground. So anyone born in that period couldn't be a cockney.
 That's incredible. How does that work that it shoved it into the ground? That's like a giant
 screwdriver. I mean, I'm just putting myself in their place. We don't know what this thing was.
 There was a giant spinny screwdriver in the sky, and it's drilled some of our big panels into the
 ground. Well, that's when they changed traditional church architecture away from the screwdriver
 design, to less easy to drive into the ground shape. That just seems... But that's a lot that's
 20 feet to go into the ground. London ground's very swampy. It's a lot. Look, they didn't have
 such good tarmac then. But the other thing that's interesting is that I think the London
 Bridge that would have been destroyed by this tornado would have been way bigger than
 modern London Bridge, because the river was so much wider at the time. That's a good point.
 The river used to be about four or five times as wide as it is today. A lot of it's been reclaimed,
 so it would have been absolutely enormous. Yeah. I did read about a potential precursor
 to this London Bridge, which is much debated, but a lot of serious journals do think that
 sides on the fact that it did exist. And it's off the back of something that we know from Nordic
 Law, which was... There was a period in 1014 when Ethel the Unready had been trying to reclaim
 England. Is Ethel the Unready related to Ethel Red the Unready? It was his mum.
 Yeah, it was Ethel Red. Ethel Red. Sorry, I said as they were wrong. Yeah. Annoyingly,
 this fact has so much English history that I have to get to before I can explain the basic thing.
 The basic thing is the Danes were in charge of London at that point, and London Bridge was very
 much a spot where they could arm the whole thing with people of bows and arrows for anyone who
 was coming down the Thames. And so there was a Viking called Olaf who tied ropes underneath the
 bridge and went underneath with the tide and pulled London Bridge down, forcing all the soldiers
 to die and perish in the water. It was over 200 soldiers and helped for reclaiming England for
 the British as opposed to the Danes. And a poet called Ota Stavte did a poem which was London
 Bridge is Broken Down, Gold is One and Bright Rione. There's more to it, but that line London
 Bridge is Broken Down is thought to have inspired London Bridge is Falling Down.
 What's really interesting is about the London Bridge is Falling Down thing, which is a lot of
 people think that it might be to do with that story. But then on the other hand, before that,
 there were other songs throughout the whole of Europe. So you would have Die Magdeburger Brück,
 the Magdeburg Bridge in Germany. And it was basically exactly the same idea of a bridge
 that would fall down. And a lot of nursery rhyme historians think that what happened was this was
 quite common kind of European song. And then when it came over to Britain, they just gave it the
 name of the capital city's most famous bridge. My favorite version of the London Bridge was the
 one that was there during Shakespearean times. It just sounds like the most fascinating thing to
 have ever walked across. It was packed with houses that were up to four stories high.
 It had restaurants on it, restaurants that when you went to them, the way you would order your
 food is you would get fish as a sandwich, right? And they would open a trapdoor and they would put
 down a fishing rod. They would catch the fish live, reel it up, and then slap it raw in between
 bread and give it to you. So many questions. First, worst restaurant ever. If you're just going to
 raw food, it's sushi. Can I say second, how are you going to guarantee if it's the Thames in the
 sixtieth century that you're not going to reel in a turd? Bingo. Well, that was the exciting
 element of your dining experience. That's where the phrase comes from. I'd rather eat a shit sandwich
 than this restaurant. And third, as we know, the sandwich in this country hadn't really been invented
 yet. So it doesn't make any sense. They would have reeled the fish up and had two bits of bread and
 gone, God, we don't know how to put this together. So why have you read this stuff? This is amazing.
 I read this in a book by Dr Matthew Green, a book called London, A Travel Guide Through Time.
 And this was a book that was published by my wife. And it's the most fascinating chapter
 because he takes you back to the time. So he has someone walking across the bridge in Shakespearean
 times. It would take you two hours to walk the length of the entire bridge. It was so congested.
 And there's always a bit, apparently, during the day where it came to a standstill, because you know
 how there was a polar bear tower at the Tower of London. Sorry, what's it called? Tower of London.
 At the Tower of London. It was during the hour when he would be taken out to the Thames to be
 fed that people would stand and just watch. He would come to a standstill because it was such a
 mad thing that a polar bear would be fishing for food. He'd be stealing sandwiches out of the
 mouths of hungry clientele in the restaurant as well. He's run off with my, oh, what's it called?
 That polar bear wasn't there in Shakespearean times, was he? I thought he was like
 13th century at the latest, wasn't it? I thought so. But this is the same bridge that I'm talking
 about. Because it spanned a long time. In the 14th century, we know how many people were actually
 living on it, because we know the number of rent that was collected from properties. So there were
 198 buildings that were all providing rental revenue from that period. And this was the bridge.
 If you talk about all the London bridges of which there have been dozens of iterations,
 this was the one that lasted, what, 600 years or whatever, or maybe longer even. But it was because
 of this that they eventually dismantled that in the 1820s, because it was so congested.
 But it's also because it was the only bridge. It was literally the only bridge across
 central London until 1739. So it feels weird for them to dismantle it and build another one when
 they could have just built more bridges. Yeah, true. I was reading a count of the dismantling,
 and then they rebuilt it as a wider, more useful bridge. And when they lay the first stone of a
 building or a bridge, and there was this account in the British newspaper archive, it was 1925.
 And the Lord Mayor was invited to lay the foundation stone. And I didn't understand
 the ritual at all. So basically, he had a gold trowel with which he sort of dug it up, I guess.
 And then he dropped coins into a box. So there's a wooden box. He drops coins into a box, which
 contains four little glass pillars, seven inches high, a lid to put on the box. And then the box
 is covered in cement and installed into a hole in the foundation stone. And then that's dropped.
 So if you went to the bottom of London Bridge now with your scuba gear,
 and then you cut away into some of the stones, in one of them,
 there's this little box full of glass pillars and these coins. Isn't that weird?
 Cool. That's really cool. I know what happened to the previous foundation stone from the previous
 bridge. So was that the 1831 version of London Bridge that you're talking about? Okay. So the
 previous one got, lots of it got sold off as souvenirs. So there are bits of various British
 country houses which are made of old London Bridge. But the stone got turned into a chair,
 the foundation stone, in the base of a chair. Where is the chair? It's in Fish Hall, which is
 kind of the fishing guild, the fisherman's guild. And it's right by modern London Bridge now.
 And it's just a fancy chair, basically. That's so sad for that stone. So it spent
 its entire existence watching live fish swimming happily around. And now it's condemned to this
 place full of dead slaughtered fish running for the table. Just have a fisherman's bottom on him
 every now and then. We can't leave London Bridge alone without talking about what happened to
 that new 1831 version, which is now in America. So the idea was that it was sold to an American
 and he got conned, right? That's... Oh, well, people claim that, but he insists he didn't.
 And I suspect he didn't. But yeah, basically, so that London Bridge is now in Havasu,
 which is in Arizona, because this crazy millionaire in... It was in 1968, wasn't it,
 that it was put up for sale. And this millionaire in America bought it. And there's always been a
 rumour that he meant to buy Tower Bridge and got the wrong one. But I think he likes that because
 it drummed up even more publicity for the fact that he was moving London Bridge to the desert,
 which everyone thought was insane. It's amazing because they installed it in a dry bit of the
 desert and then they redirected the nearby stream to go under it. So there is water going
 under it now, but the bridge was put there before the water was. Yeah, it is quite weird to have to
 build a river in order to satisfy a bridge means. But the weird thing is that London put the bridge
 on sale in 1968. It wasn't like some mad Yosemite Sam millionaire turns up and says, "I want to
 buy that bridge." It was that London was trying to flog it off. Yeah. But who did they think was
 going to buy it? Probably someone with a river. So they were probably quite surprised with this
 guy got it. They probably, when he came over, they were like, "Oh, nice. Yeah, what river are you
 going to put it over?" No river. Oh, right. Okay. It is worth saying if this guy did make the mistake
 of Tower Bridge and London Bridge, that possibly a lot of international listeners listening to
 this episode right now are making the very same mistake. The almost iconic bridge that you've
 pictured in your head, that's Tower Bridge. That's one where it opens up in the middle
 and it's got the huge two giant, I don't know what you call them, arches, whatever,
 that bridge, the one you're thinking of. London Bridge, very dull. It's terrible. It's horrible.
 So you can understand where this guy is. It's just a road bridge, isn't it? It is. It's just a
 straight old bridge that an unimaginative child might draw. Exactly. I did read an amazing thing,
 which was in 1952. This is a fact about Tower Bridge, the one that does open up in the middle.
 If you've ever seen the movie Speed, where they have to jump the gap of a bridge,
 that happened on Tower Bridge with a bus driver in 1952. His name was Albert Gunter
 and he was during December, he was driving the number 78 bus, which goes from Shoreditch to
 Dullitch. The person who would usually ring the bell to say that the bridge was going up
 forgot to ring it. He noticed that the bridge was bending upwards as he was driving towards it. He
 didn't have enough time to slam on the brakes because that would have been disaster. So he hit
 the accelerator and he jumped. He jumped across. Now, only his side had lifted up and he jumped
 a six-foot drop basically onto the northern side of the bridge. It's still a lot on a massive bus.
 Exactly on a massive bus, but yeah, someone jumped the gap of the bridge in 1952.
 Did they remember to put the sign over the tunnel saying, "This bus is on diversion?"
 That was not part of the planned route. Yeah, so he was okay in the end. He broke his leg,
 which was the only major problem. 12 of the 20 passengers had minor injuries, but so 21 people
 in total all survived this big bridge jump. And as a reward, he was given £10, which is about
 £290 in today's money, and a day off for his bravery. Right. Ah, that's enough time for a
 broken leg to fully heal. Okay, so some stuff on tornadoes. Yeah. It's really difficult to know
 when you read articles about tornadoes, what's real and what isn't real, because they happen
 in the middle of the countryside. The only people who see it are the people who are there at the
 time, and they often seem to come up with some stories that I don't know if they're real or not.
 So there's a story from the start of the 20th century. I think it was in Kansas where there
 was a man with a baby in his arms, and the tornado came and lifted the baby up and deposited it in
 a tree, which doesn't sound very true. But this apparently in 1976, this one seems like it might
 have been true. It was in Michigan, there was a tornado, and there was a house which was blown
 by the tornado, so it went onto its side. So people had to use a ladder to get into the front door.
 Well, apart from the side thing, it's looking pretty good in here.
 But then there are some that are definitely not true. For instance, in this 1915 one in Kansas,
 there was a story that an iron jug was blown inside out.
 Pretty sure that one isn't true.
 I read one as well years ago, which was there was a mystery of a scuba diver found in a tree,
 and he was fully, he was fully clothed. No, Dan, no, I know what you're doing.
 Are you doing the famous mental brain teaser where they've been picked up by a,
 they've been scuba diving and they've been picked up by a helicopter that's trying to put out a
 fire. Was that a mental brain teaser? Yeah, that wasn't a real story. I think he's just come across
 an amazing fact website. Look at Ollie's anecdotes. Okay, but the room was locked from the inside,
 there were no windows. There's just a puddle of water. The fish were called Romeo and Juliet.
 But the doctor is his mum.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three, and that is my fact. My fact this week is that this year's
 Dutch national headwind championships was canceled during the race because it was too windy.
 So this is a cycling championship that's been going for the last six years. And the idea is that
 they don't know when it's going to happen. They look out for storms. And as soon as they hear a
 massive storm is on the way, they give everyone three days warning to say, we're going to be doing
 this race. And they have to go down this one strip of 8.5 kilometers. And you just have to ride
 against the wind. And actually, it wasn't the cyclists who pulled out of it. It was the fact
 that it was the trucks carrying the bikes were being toppled over. So they could physically get
 the bikes them. So my friend, Tom Scott, who's a YouTuber was there. Yes. And he did a video about
 this. And he said that they didn't topple over, I think they just it was too dangerous for high
 sided vehicles to go across. So I don't think any trucks actually went over, but they were just
 banned from going over. And what happens is everyone has kind of the same bike that these kind of
 single speed upright bikes, and you cycle across and then this big lorry picks up the bikes and
 takes them all back to the start again. So the next lot of people can go down. And the lorry couldn't
 come across the bridge because it was banned. And instead, it would have to go on like a 20 mile
 route rather than going that way. So they just canceled it halfway through. Yeah, there is another
 way of moving bikes without a truck. And especially is coming back.
 This year they were going to they'd gone all out to make it even nicer than the previous events.
 And they had storm resistant seating for the spectators and a special designated vomit zone.
 It's really funny. You can see it's these three big bin bags that are sort of hung up and it has
 a big placard that says vomit zone. And there's little bike handles for you to hold as you're
 vomiting into the rubbish bin. You don't want to be stood down wind of that as well, do you?
 Why do they need a vomit zone? Does it get quite lairy? The endurance of doing this race. So they
 say it's it's kind of like if you were going cycling up a hill that was a sort of 10 percent
 incline, it feels and you've got no on a terrible bike as well on a terrible bike. And the whole
 thing is, you know, there are winners, but everyone is just wanting to finish it. It's an
 endurance thing. And they push themselves to the limit and it forces them to vomit enough so that
 they've set up the vomit station. They should have vomit zones shortly at the end of all marathons
 and all races and every endurance event. They do. It's called the side of the road.
 Wasn't it stopped also in 2017 because it wasn't stormy enough?
 Yeah, I think it was. There was an absolute because they need a certain level of wind,
 don't they? So if it doesn't come, it doesn't come. And also the wind needs to be
 in exactly the right direction. So that's why they can only do it three days in advance.
 They need to know that the wind is not just going to be there, but it's going to be coming
 directly over the bridge. Yes. And this bridge is an amazing bridge, right? This is the Ooster
 Shelterkring and it's a bridge that is basically a storm barrier bridge. And they're very proud of
 it there. They have a little inscription on the stone, which says here the tide is ruled by the
 wind, the moon and us. It's sort of they're so proud of how strong it is, which I saw on a video
 by your buddy, Tom Scott. Really worth watching if you're listening to us right now. Talk about
 this. He's on the side of the road. The wind is blowing in his head and he's seeing people
 ride past him. It's fantastic. Isn't that sort of the beginning of an ancient Greek story about
 hubris where you end up going swept away by the tide because you try to control what only God
 can control? Yeah, it's King Canute, isn't it? It's Canute. I think the Dutch are winning at the
 moment. They're nailing it. You're right. Those Dutch bikes are really hard to cycle fast on. The
 ones which don't have a bar at the top from the front to the back, they force you to cycle in
 a really sedate way. Another good race is the Red Bull Time Lapse. And they call that the longest
 one day road cycling events. Do you know how many hours it's for? 24. No. 25 because they do it when
 the clocks go back. Is that right? When the clocks go back. Yeah. It's quite cool, isn't it? Yeah. And
 it's just a 6.2km course and they see how many laps they can do in 25 hours. Nice. You could do
 the shortest one day cycling event where you just cross the international date line. Yeah. Yeah.
 And you know, it's a second. And you're just like, oh, I've been cycling for a day. Yeah. And actually,
 it's just one second. That's great. Apart from you're probably in the middle of the ocean. You're
 dead, but you're a smug. There's a bunch of cycling things that you can do where it's underwater,
 so underwater cycling. Oh, cool. And it's quite nice the way that they get the bike to stay
 at the bottom, which is they take all the air out of the bike wheels and they fill it with water.
 Okay. So when you plunge in, you just sink to the bottom with it and it becomes easy to ride. How
 do they deal with the fact that humans are quite buoyant? They replace all the air in their lungs
 with water. Eventually, that's probably what happens, isn't it? Yeah. Do you have to have
 weights? Oh, yeah, weights. Yeah, weight belts and things like that to keep you down. Yeah, I'm not
 sure. Yeah, I didn't see that in the photo that I saw. Because some of them go quite deep, don't
 they, the underwater ones? Yeah. There's one, the underwater bike race in North Carolina,
 which seems to be the home of underwater bike racing, where it's 60 feet underwater. And the
 race is across this shipwreck of a German U-boat called the Indra. Wow. And you ride 100 foot.
 Doesn't that, that's the kind of thing you're going to book a holiday to go and do? I don't
 really like cycling or swimming, but I like the sound of that. That sounds amazing. I don't like
 chess or boxing, but I like it. I was looking at slipstreams, this is a movement in cycling.
 Absolutely. And so slipstream, of course, is when you're, so you can get in a slipstream,
 for instance, if you're on a bicycle and you're behind a big vehicle, I do not recommend you do
 this. But the vehicle sort of pushes the air out of the way in front of it. So it creates this
 sort of negative pressure around you. But the record for how far someone's cycled in a slipstream
 is held by a woman who's Denise Muller-Koroneck and she went at 184 miles an hour in 2018 behind
 a race car. Isn't that incredible? That is incredible. So she's pedaling, right? Yeah, yeah,
 you've got to be pedaling. So you can't, she's in such a high gear that you couldn't possibly
 start. So they have to get pulled along by the car at first until they're going at 100 miles an hour
 and then released and then you peddle along behind the car. Wow. She can move on too. Can I just talk
 about one, can I just talk about one other slipstream guy who I love who's the guy, this guy
 called Charles Minthorn, mile a minute Murphy, mile a minute was added later. He was the first
 person to ride a bicycle a mile in under a minute. He was an 18, this is an 1899 and he persuaded a
 train engineer because trains were the only things that could go fast enough at the time
 to build the next track for him that he could cycle along. And then, so two miles of track
 and then he would get dragged behind it in the slipstream. And so he spent, he spent 12 years
 planning this, dreaming about it, fantasizing about it. And at first it didn't work because
 the train couldn't go fast enough. So he was there capable of cycling, the train couldn't go fast
 enough. Eventually they got a bigger, better, faster train and he ended up going so fast,
 burning rubber was flying up in his face because the track was warping and stuff. But
 lots of people were watching and he, it got to the end of the track. So he's going faster than the
 train at one point because he got, he fell behind a bit because he lifted his hand up to sort of
 wave at one of his trainers and I was like, oh fuck, I've just lost 50 feet. So he caught up with
 the train going faster than the train. The bloody guy driving the steam train just cut the steam as
 soon as he got to the end. And so Charles went slamming the track, flew of his bike at 60 miles
 an hour and somehow got caught, there were two people standing in the train, one caught one
 on the other side and they saved him. That is amazing. Okay, it is time for our final fact of
 the show and that is Anna. My fact is that every week planes drop 15 million flies on the border
 between Columbia and Panama. Okay, so we're expected to believe that but a scuba diver in a tree
 is perfect. Maybe the scuba divers hurling them out of the plane and he fell out too,
 I don't know. This is this incredible, not a story, true, true fact. And I read it in an
 article in The Atlantic by Sarah Zhang, it's a brilliant article, but it's about how it's 14.7
 million screw worm adults. So the flies of the screw worm are dropped over this border and it's
 in order to keep down screw worm populations weirdly and it's been happening for over 50 years
 and it's because they're a terrible pest so they were this awful blight in the US because they
 destroy livestock for reasons that I have no doubt will go into in disgusting detail. So they started
 looking into how to get rid of them, it was sort of in the 1950s the US Department of Agriculture
 started looking into eradicating them and decided to sterilize a bunch of screw worms, drop them
 all over the continent and then those guys would shag, male screw worms they drop, those guys would
 shag the females who only shag once in their life so if you shag a sterilized male that's it,
 you're not having kids and thusly the screw worm blight is ended. So the screw worm was screwed
 by screwing, you could say. Very nice. I could say that, should be their logo. And we should say,
 I don't know if you said this Anna, but the reason why it's in Panama, between Colombia and Panama,
 is they eradicated these flies from the whole of North America, but they still exist in South
 America and the bit where Panama is is obviously very, very thin bit of land. So if they can make
 sure that nothing gets past that little bit of land, then it means that nothing will come into
 North America. So that's why they flood Panama and Colombia with it, just to kind of create a barrier.
 And also to make a big buffer zone, I think, because at first they did try to make it a barrier
 with Mexico, but because that's just a bit too close, Mexico is right there, they were like,
 we've got to make this big buffer zone. It's like the Eastern Bloc in the Cold War.
 Can we talk about the worms and how horrific they are? They lay their eggs in open wounds,
 that's what their jam is. And sometimes they go for mucus membranes if they can't find an open
 wound, but that's why they're so painful and horrific. So you're living in a mucus membrane,
 are you? Yes, yeah, but we're saving up and we hope to find an open wound soon.
 Yeah. And then they sort of chew their way. They chew their way really deep as well,
 like they can get two inches down and they're just awful. They're awful animals.
 There was a British tourist called Rochelle Harris in 2013 who had a screw fly who went into her ear.
 And there was like this weird buzzing and scratching and stuff and she didn't really
 know what it was. And eventually they found out that she had these flesh-eating worms
 living inside her head. And then they interviewed her afterwards. I think this is mine in the
 Daily Mail. They interviewed her afterwards and she said, "I no longer as squeamish as I once was
 about bugs. How can you be after they've been inside your head?" I just think that would make
 me more squeamish. Way less likely to lie down in the garden if I've had a load of screw worms
 in the brain. It sounds like one stayed in there and is running the show now.
 That's such a good idea. Their name, it literally means flesh-eating, which I love.
 So their scientific name is the Cochleomia hominivorax. And hominid is man and vorax
 like voracious as eating. So man devouring, which is fitting. Yeah. The actual discovery
 of the idea of sterilizing all of these screw worms and dropping them over had been called in
 the New York Times in 1970 the single most original thought in the 20th century. That was
 according to a lot of scientists at the time because it was down to a guy called Edward F.
 Kipning. Sorry, Edward F. Knippling. Knippling? Knippling. I'd say it's Knippling. It's usually
 a silent case, isn't it? Yeah, I think it's Knippling. Either way, we can agree he does not
 make exceedingly good case. Well, let's say Knippling. And he used to, as a child, he used
 to watch adult screw worms mate. And he obsessed over it, not in a sexy way. He was watching a lot
 of his animals on a farm be devoured by these horrible flesh-eating species. And so, yeah,
 apparently that was just such an original thought that some scientists claim it's the single most
 original thought in the 20th century. Yeah, that was before the internet was invented, wasn't it?
 He was really amazing, this Edward Knippling. He died relatively recently, I think, and I saw
 a few obituaries of him. Apparently, he named all of his pets after insects. Isn't that cool?
 But his pets were not insects? No, he had Siamese cats, Colton, Anthonomous, and Culex,
 that were named after a type of cotton ball weevil and a type of mosquito.
 Do you know how you get a screw worm out of someone? Do you lure it out somehow?
 You do. You use a treatment called bacon therapy. Which sounds like such a much more enjoyable
 thing that it actually is. It's just a little jamming raw pork into the breathing holes that
 the worm has. And it either suffocates and pushes its way out, or it finds it yummy and sort of
 goes towards the bacon. It is like fishing, though, isn't it? I couldn't tell. It's so weird
 when they say that you use it to block up their air holes, because they're really small. I mean,
 that is a tiny rash of bacon. So I think they're attracting them to them. And once you've got
 sort of 10 or 11 on your bacon, you reel it in, I suppose, don't you? If you think it's like
 fishing, I'm not coming to your restaurant in the middle of London Bridge. The maggot sandwich.
 Flies off the shelves. They're a kind of blow fly. And I was wondering why we call blow flies
 blow flies. And I think it's because they... So the first reference to flies being associated with
 the word blows comes from Shakespeare and around that time. And it was people would refer to flies
 blowing you. So Cleopatra says, "Lay me stark naked and let flies blow me." And that's rather...
 She wants that to happen rather than being taken prisoner. It's not as pleasant as you might
 think. It's more about something is referred to being fly blown when flies had laid their eggs
 all over it, basically. I mean, if you go and see a prostitute and ask her to blow you, then make
 sure she doesn't come along with a load of maggots. Tip a pile of maggots on your knee.
 You've got to be very careful. It's possible, is all I'm saying. If she happens to be an entomologist
 in her spare time. A lot of crossover between the two. So they do actually blow bubbles blow flies,
 even though it's not what they call blow flies. They're forever blowing bubbles.
 And it's to keep them cool. This was discovered quite recently and it's blow flies in Brazil.
 It's actually latrine blow flies. So they hang around in toilets and they do this really clever
 thing where when they get hot, they blow brown bubbles out of their mouth, which I imagine are
 brown because they're latrine blow flies. And the brown bubbles, when they're blown, they lose lots
 of heat because heat evaporates off them and then they pop and they suck them back in and then that
 spits a bit cooler. It cools the head right down. It's really clever, that, isn't it?
 Yeah. It's like having bubblegum and then blowing it and then it gets cold on the outside and then
 you suck it back into your body and get the coolness. Exactly. If your bubblegum was made of other
 people's feces, which is not a hubba-bubba flavour as far as I know.
 I've just got one more thing. I started looking into insect factories off the back of this because
 there's a factory which grows these screwworms. There's a firm called EntoCycle, which is currently
 hoping to breed millions and millions of soldier flies and then turn them into protein powder.
 So you breed millions of flies, which are eating rubbish. They're eating old coffee grounds.
 And then do they give that to like cattle and stuff, is that right?
 Exactly. That's the hope. And then the hope is that you don't need so much
 soya to be grown and that takes up land that used to be the Amazon rainforest.
 So yeah, it's a genius idea. And this firm, EntoCycle, is based in London Bridge.
 Oh, yeah.
 Okay, that's it. That is all of our facts. Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we've said over the course
 of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts. I'm on @Sriberland, Andy.
 @AndrewHunterM. James. @JamesHarken. And Anna.
 You can email a podcast at qi.com. Yep, or you can go to our group account,
 which is @NoSuchThing. Or you can head to our website, NoSuchThingIsAFish.com.
 We have all of our previous episodes there and links to a bunch of merchandise.
 Also, you'll find the links to our live show that we're going to be doing on the 18th of July,
 the Drive-In Show. Just go to qi.com/FishEvents. You'll find the link there. And also,
 please do donate to that Care Workers Charity by simply going to qi.com/donate.
 And yeah, we'll be back again next week, guys. As ever, we hope that you're safe. We hope you're
 well. Thank you so much for listening to us still in this crazy, crazy time. We'll continue doing
 it. And we'll be back again next week with another episode. We'll see you then. Goodbye.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
