 Hi everyone, welcome to this week's episode of No Such Thing as a Fish. Hope you're all
 very well. I have a little bit of news here and it is of particular interest to people
 in the UK and of particular interest to people who love our mother ship of the TV show QI.
 Now you all know QI, it's facts, it's funny, it's just like fish but it's been going for
 a full 20 years and the big news is that all 20 series of QI are now available on BBC iPlayer.
 So as you probably know, each series of QI is represented by a letter of the alphabet
 and so you can go back and watch facts about astronomy, about bees, about campanology, about
 dog, well you get the idea. It's 20 series of QI, so many facts, so many amazing moments
 from over the years and it is all as I said available on BBC iPlayer. And of course it
 wouldn't be a top of the show announcement if I didn't remind you all that we are going
 back on the road in autumn, if you live in Scotland or in Wales or indeed I think we
 have one show coming up also in London then do go to qi.com/fishevents and get your tickets
 fast because I know for a fact that some of those dates are just on the verge of selling
 out. Anyway, before you go to iPlayer to binge on all the episodes of QI, we better get on
 with this week's show so on with the podcast!
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming
 to you from the QI offices in Covent Garden. My name is Dan Schreiber, I am sitting here
 with James Harkin, Anna Tyshinski and Andrew Hunter Murray and once again we have gathered
 round the microphones with our four favourite facts from the last seven days and in no particular
 order here we go. Starting with fact number one, that is Andy.
 My fact is that in 1944 the book The Great Gatsby sold 120 copies. In 1945 the number
 of copies printed was 155,000! I didn't realise how I was going to deliver it until I got
 towards the end and I thought 'I've just said 120, why not say 155?' Anyway, great behind
 the scenes. We've got to show how the sausage is made.
 So The Great Gatsby by F Scott Fitzgerald was a book that was quite popular at first
 and then it really tailed off. By 1944 pretty much no one was buying it and it was practically
 out of print. So then in the Second World War though there was this mad scheme that was
 run by a load of American publishing titans. They clubbed together and they formed this
 thing called the Council on Books in Wartime and they decided that they wanted to print
 and sell millions of books to the army. So the army bought the books and then those books
 were distributed free to the soldiers and they were made incredibly cheap and 122 million
 books were given away to soldiers. And it basically created the paperback book market
 in America. They weren't really popular.
 And they were to fit in the pocket weren't they?
 Yeah.
 Which is why Gatsby is good because it's unbelievably short.
 It is.
 Yeah, but if you were shot and it like went plowed straight through your copy of The Great
 Gatsby.
 You'd rather have Alar as Sherch the Tom Perdue though.
 You know, like one volume on each breath, two on your back.
 Go on, where are the other three going?
 One over the genitals and one on either side of the head.
 Maybe two over the genitals.
 So he died in 1940.
 Fitzgerald.
 Yeah, Fitzgerald died in 1940. The book was originally published in 1925. He didn't achieve
 any success in his life much to the point of like we all know that book and his name
 now. Was this the moment that made him a global writer?
 Yeah, pretty much.
 He was very famous as a literary figure in the early 20s for his first couple of books
 or book. It was beautiful in the damned wasn't it that he wrote which did very well and he
 was a famous figure on the literary scene. He made a good amount of money. But it was
 just that Gatsby when it came out in the early 20s was quite well received by some people
 and not by others.
 Yeah.
 It was just like when a book comes out.
 He thought it was brilliant.
 He thought it was like the Great American level.
 His review was a five star.
 Yeah.
 But it was only after the war that it became accepted that it was the Great American level.
 Exactly.
 Yeah.
 Like so from these days it sells about half a million copies every year compared with
 a hundred and twenty copies just you know a few years after his death. I mean it was
 it was no way.
 So this year it sold about five hundred.
 Thousand!
 Exactly.
 Cool.
 I didn't see where you were going with that.
 Yeah.
 Like I said these books came to fit in your pocket right?
 Yeah.
 There was two different sizes. One to fit in your shirt pocket. One to fit in your pants.
 They were quite flimsy. They cost six cents each to make.
 Yeah.
 So you can still get hold of them today and Andy seeing us today is your publication day
 for your novel.
 Oh.
 I brought you a gift.
 OMG.
 And that is one of these books.
 Oh my God.
 Rumble rumble rumble.
 Which one is it?
 Well I couldn't get hold of the Great Gatsby unfortunately but this is the selected plays
 of Eugene O'Neill.
 Oh my God.
 But it is genuinely one of the ones that was given to the armed services.
 Oh that is so cool.
 Wow.
 Thank you.
 So take it out. Let's see the flimsiness of it.
 This is so cool.
 They were kind of printed in landscape.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And they would have two columns.
 I'm seeing that right now and it's shocking to see.
 Sorry, go on.
 Way broader than it is, too.
 But they would have two columns on each page so you get more in than a normal book in
 quite a small amount.
 That's so cool.
 Oh thank you James.
 That's awesome.
 And it says overseas edition for the armed forces distributed by blah blah blah published
 by Editions for the Armed Services.
 So another place that owns these books is the University of Texas which has about 1400
 books.
 And because they were printed on magazine presses, so they were very, they really worked
 out.
 And they sort of printed them like a magazine and then they just sliced it in half.
 So the University of Texas ones, they're really brittle and brown these days because
 you know the paper was not designed to last for 80 years and they're kept in I think
 called tuxedo cases, which is described as an acid-free enclosure to keep them pristine.
 I have looked, it just looks like they're in a box.
 Do most boxes have lots of acid in them?
 I don't have my boxes specified there, acid-free, does that mean they're full of acid?
 Unfortunately librarians kept putting them in with the acid.
 There's big acid vats they have in libraries.
 So comic books were quite popular, Terry and the Pirates was one of the ones that was quite
 popular by a cartoonist called Milton Caniff and the ones that he did for the military
 contained, and this is a quote, "Damsels as breasty and near nude as Caniff dared draw
 them."
 Wow.
 So he took his quite like normal comic strip and thought, well this is for the soldiers,
 so I'm going to add boobs.
 Nice.
 Speaking of comic books and associated culture, the video game Legend of Zelda, we probably
 remember playing as children, or adults maybe?
 I bought one recently actually.
 That's absolutely fine and no judgement here.
 It was named after Zelda Fitzgerald, Scott's wife.
 I don't know that.
 Although who else might it be named after, it's not a very common name, is it, Zelda?
 She was named after two random other people from books, wasn't she?
 She was named after someone from a book, wasn't she?
 Yeah, I think her mum found two references to Zelda.
 Hang on, was it like, oh it wasn't like someone called Zelina and someone called Darth?
 No.
 Fitzgerald, just as his career, I didn't realise that he had a bit of a moment.
 A moment in Hollywood, you know, potentially he was going to be one of the biggest Hollywood
 script writers, but he just didn't quite get the break that he needed, and he was part
 of this group that were called the legions of jerks, and that was a name given to them
 by Jack Warner, and it was quite an amazing pack of writers that were working for Hollywood
 in that time, in that sort of underneath that name.
 So you had Aldous Huxley, you had Anthony Powell, you had Dorothy Parker.
 It's basically the Algonquin group, really, sounds like.
 So interesting, yeah, but they were all there trying to pump out scripts, and like Fitzgerald
 was brought on, I don't think they used any of his work for it, but he did a week on
 Gone With The Wind.
 It didn't.
 Yeah, like, it's sort of.
 Didn't he go there because Zelda had got sick and he needed to make some money or something?
 Yes, so he was really, yeah.
 He was going through a bad patch, there's a lot of rumours that he was an alcoholic in
 this period, and he was, he had a lot of alcoholic problems, but I think in this specific moment
 with Hollywood, he was actually quite productive, and he was off the alcohol, he was drinking
 cases of Coca-Cola, apparently, to sort of, you know, replace one addiction with another,
 just distract himself.
 And he produced a lot of work, and there's something like 2000 pages in an archive sitting
 somewhere of screenplays, of doctored scripts that he did, but virtually none of them, except
 I think one credit he has properly for a movie.
 He wasn't very, like, he only wrote a few novels, and there were a few batches of short
 stories, and I don't know, the whole thing seems to have gone off a bit half-cocked his
 life, you know, it just wasn't very, he joined the army hoping to die, I didn't know this
 in the First World War, so he'd been rejected by a woman called Genevra, and again, weird,
 weird name, Genevra de Zelda, anyway, he'd been rejected by her, she'd said, "no, absolutely
 not."
 I think she was extremely wealthy, and he was extremely not wealthy, and so he joined the
 army hoping to die, trained under Dwight Eisenhower, and then he quickly wrote a 120,000 word
 novel in the hope that it would sell before he died, and then, anyway, the war ended,
 so he was fine, because the period where you were American and then being trained and then
 definitely getting to the war was quite a narrow window because of how late America joined
 the First World War, so.
 Quite impressive to quickly write 120,000 word novel, you've just written enough for
 Andy.
 Do you think you could have spaffed that out in terms between army service?
 Spaffed out is a funny way of putting a heart and soul into something, but...
 Well, there was an interesting thing about that, wasn't there, because later on it took
 him a bit longer to write the novels, he couldn't just spaff them out, but when Zelda got sick
 because she had mental problems, right, mental issues, and he was kind of looking after her
 and going to Hollywood and doing all this stuff, and so it took even longer for him
 to write his novel, and at the same time, Zelda decided to write a novel called Save
 Me the Waltz, which he thought used all of his material, and what had actually done,
 it was about their life, right, so who it belongs to, it belongs to whoever writes it
 first, but he was really annoyed because it had taken him ages to do it, but she managed
 to write her novel in three months.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 Ouch.
 That is good.
 It got a bit spicy between them during the Tenderest of the Night Save Me the Waltz rivalry.
 It doesn't sound good.
 When, well, they obviously, Zelda and Scott Fitzgerald were the Richard Burton and Elizabeth
 Taylor of that day, and yes, that is the most modern analogy I can come up with.
 Which was basically the same day, they weren't too far off.
 You're right, it was about 10 years later.
 Sorry, God.
 Anyway, yeah, when Zelda said she was going to write Save Me the Waltz, Scott was so annoyed
 that he wrote to the person who was going to publish her book saying, "Don't you dare
 publish it."
 He's got diary entries where he basically plots how to make sure that she doesn't write
 it, so he says, "Attack on all grounds.
 Play Brackets the Press," as in if she's writing a play, suppress it, "Novel Brackets
 Delay," pictures, "Brackets the Press," as in she did a lot of art, "Child," as in
 the child they had, "Brackets Detach."
 It sounds really bad.
 It is pretty bad.
 It does sound awful.
 It was one slight situation was that apparently her doctor said it was bad for her to write
 novels, apparently, and so that might have been one of the reasons why he tried to stop
 her.
 Got it.
 But they did have a chat about who was going to publish what, where he accused her of being
 a third-rate writer, a useless society woman with an Amazonian and lesbian personality,
 which, look, she didn't, she didn't love it, but all relationships have problems.
 Well, the thing is, when he said, "You're a third-rate writer," she said, "It seems
 to me you're making a rather violent attack if I'm third-rate."
 Yeah.
 I mean, he was quite attacked for his writing, wasn't he?
 He wasn't the best writer himself.
 As in the editing process.
 Wow.
 Huge claim.
 I'm not claiming it.
 I mean, Simon Wilson, who was a critic.
 One of the greatest writers of all time.
 You did just say he wasn't the best writer himself.
 I'm saying there was a lot of criticism towards his writing at the time.
 So this side of paradise, one of the critics wrote one of the most illiterate books of
 any merit actually published.
 Supposedly, in the Great Gatsby editing process, punctuation marks just had to be removed because
 there were, like, hundreds of them, and he just kept chucking them in, and they're like,
 "Let's get that back out."
 That's what copy editors are for.
 Exactly.
 Do any of that.
 So definitely in the Great Gatsby has got to be Jordan Baker because she's a golfer.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 My gosh.
 She is a friend of Daisy, and she is based on a real-life person called Edith Cummings,
 who was a friend of the Fitzgeralds, and in the book, Jordan Baker has got a bad reputation
 that she kind of cheats in golf, but at the time, people saw that it was based on this
 Edith Cummings and said that actually Edith Cummings was as honest as she was bewitching
 because she was famous for being a very, very attractive golfer.
 She was known as the Fairway Flapper, and she was the first golfer of any gender to
 appear on the cover of Time Magazine.
 Oh, cool.
 Yeah.
 I can believe you found the golf angle in...
 I know.
 Of course, it's Gerald.
 Like, there's always a way, isn't there?
 You see a very distant fairway you think, "I can get there."
 What's that?
 Fitzgerald?
 He called Zelda something flapper as well.
 Flapper was just a flapper.
 A fashionable woman.
 Oh, yeah.
 I'd never heard that.
 No, no.
 But Zelda was good at golf, by the way, just to get us back to golf.
 Sorry to try and move it away.
 So, Zelda and F. Scott Fitzgerald used to spend the summers at White Bear Lake where
 there was a golf course, and apparently she was much better at golf than he was.
 Oh, he went up like that.
 So him and Zelda had quite an interesting start to their marriage.
 I don't know how well she comes across, so she was a very high society, very wealthy.
 I think her father was a Supreme Court judge or something, and he was fine, but as you
 can see, if you read The Great Gatsby, he's kind of obsessed with this posh people versus
 not posh people.
 And so, Zelda felt that he was beneath her, and so they had a relationship, and then
 she kind of dumped him for being too poor.
 And then he wrote, I think it was he wrote This Side of Paradise.
 It sold out in three days.
 He suddenly made lots of money, and within a week, she'd gone, "All right, let's get
 married."
 Fair enough.
 So, F. Scott Fitzgerald's secretary, Francis Kroll, right, the last secretary in his life.
 Okay, F. Scott Fitzgerald died in 1940, okay, age 44.
 When do you think his last secretary died?
 Yesterday.
 Okay, let's say she was 20 when she was his secretary in 1944, and she died when she was
 100.
 The maths is going very badly for me, I don't like when people work it out.
 So she's still alive?
 Yeah, all right.
 Okay, guys, you've really taken the sting out of this one.
 She's dead.
 She died in 2015, aged 99, so one year off, James, but I just think that's amazing that,
 you know, she would have remembered being F. Scott Fitzgerald's secretary, but she also
 saw, what's an event, like the alternative vote referendum, or...
 Do you think those will be her two main memories on her deathbeds, life flattered before my
 eyes, the AV referendum?
 The Scottish independence vote, you know?
 Cannot believe that's the only place you could go from there, okay?
 The 2012 Olympics.
 The fall of the burning wall.
 When was it, 2015?
 2015.
 The...
 When she died?
 Yeah, yeah.
 The premiere ship.
 No, sadly.
 But she might have heard the first few episodes and know such thing as a fish, which is...
 Oh my God!
 Maybe that's what killed her then.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two, and that is James.
 Okay, my fact this week is that to protect the city of Syracuse, Archimedes invented
 a giant claw that could lift enemy ships clean out of the water.
 It was so successful that Roman soldiers began to be scared of any piece of rope hanging
 from the city walls.
 This is, I just to quickly say, fucking insane.
 It's amazing, isn't it?
 It's incredible.
 So, why were they scared of rope if it was the giant claw that...
 Because that's what presages the giant claw, isn't it?
 Is it?
 Yeah.
 Because you have a little bit of rope and you're like, "Oh shit, what's that rope attached
 to?"
 And it's attached to the claw?
 Could be.
 So does a rope lead out ahead of the claw?
 Well, you need the rope, because the thing is with Archimedes, he was going to leave
 us some pulleys and stuff like that, so they all have ropes involved.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 And I've seen drawings of this.
 I mean, it's like a real life size, you know, when you go to the arcades and you've got
 the claw that you're trying to pick the time.
 It's like this giant claw that is just...
 I don't think they're contemporary drawings, the ones that you've seen.
 They might be imaginations.
 Yeah, exactly.
 But like, to show what size claw you'd need to pick up a ship, it's pretty big.
 Okay.
 So this is around two on two B.C., we're talking the Second Punic War.
 Rome has taken over all of Italy, but they need somewhere else to take over.
 So they go down to Sicily, which is where Archimedes lived, and it was currently owned
 by Carthage, which is modern-day Tunisia.
 But then the Romans managed to take over it, but then the people in Syracuse, the main
 city, decided they're going to rise up.
 So they start to rise up against the Romans, the Romans siege the city, and then Archimedes,
 the great mathematician, lives there, and he's like, "Well, I'm going to come up with
 all these great contraptions that are going to stop the Romans from taking our city."
 And this was one of these.
 And the earliest we have for this particular claw thing is by someone called Polybius, who
 was writing only about 50 years after Archimedes died.
 So it's the reasonable chance that it was true.
 Do you know what's amazing about this fact is that one of the great Archimedes stories
 is that he created a sort of death ray for incoming ships.
 So they would point mirrors, and they would use and harness the sun, and that would give
 this great beam that would burn holes into the ships, and so on.
 Turns out that's not true.
 Now, that's such a shame, because that's such a wonderful thing.
 It's very rare that you then get given this gift of an even more batshit idea, and that
 turns out to be true.
 We don't know.
 So this is all stuff that's reported about him after.
 So that's Galen said that three centuries later, or something, about the death ray.
 And we think it's probably not true, because it seems completely impossible that you do
 it, mostly because to focus a death ray, so the idea was you'd have huge mirrors, I suppose,
 that would be concave, I guess, and they'd focus a ray directly at a point on a ship.
 But you need to focus it at one point for quite a long time.
 The ship is moving.
 The ship is moving around.
 You need to perfectly still there.
 Not if you're being sieged.
 That's a good point.
 If they've tied up the ship.
 Actually, Anna has been tried the death ray with the mirrors and the thing.
 So some students at MIT, I think it was in about 2007 or 2008, they got 127 mirrored
 tiles and an oak replica of a Roman ship, and they proved it was possible.
 Did they?
 They did it.
 Nice.
 Did they put it on the water?
 I don't know if they did it, or if they had to hold the ship in exactly the same place
 for six days or whatever.
 So it might be untrue, but it still might be possible.
 One reason it might be untrue is, like Anna says, it was quite a while after it happened
 that people wrote about it.
 Lucy, and I think it was the very first person in 160 AD, but the same story is told of another
 person, Proclus of Athens, and usually when the same story is told about two or three
 different famous people, usually it means it's probably a madey-upy thingy.
 Do you think the grappling hook happened with the ships?
 I just can't.
 I just can't believe it, even though it's obviously people said it happened, but the
 descriptions are so extraordinary.
 So I think in Plutarch's description, he said, "A ship was frequently lifted up to
 a great height in the air, a dreadful thing to behold, no ship, and was rolled to and
 fro and kept swinging until all the sailors were thrown out."
 I mean, it sounds like one of those rides at a theme park, actually.
 Yeah.
 You know the...
 All the swinging ship rides.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 What theme park are you going to?
 That all of the people inside the bar are being shut down.
 Because before they invented the safety bar.
 Yeah.
 Plutarch was writing around 1080, so that was quite a few hundred years later.
 And I think whether it happened or not, certainly as you get further away from the supposed
 time, the stories get less and less realistic.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Archimedes, there's so many stories about him, though, that's the thing, isn't it?
 Like, maybe the thing everyone gets taught is that he shouted Eureka and he jumped out
 of his bath because he discovered the Archimedes principle about displacing water.
 He was weighing, trying to work out how much gold was in the king's crown, wasn't it?
 Right.
 Yeah, he put it in the bath and the amount of water that tipped out told him how dense
 it was.
 Exactly.
 Yeah.
 But he was an incredible mathematician.
 You know, he did brilliant work on the surface area of volume of spheres or centres of gravity
 and floating objects.
 And so they're really complicated ideas and it seems unlikely he would have got so excited
 that he would have jumped out of his bath or run out of his naked.
 That's true.
 We know that he didn't like to go in the bath, again, according to Plutax, I'm writing quite
 long down the line, but he was writing, yeah, 200 years later saying this guy was a stinky
 old guy who never took a bath, but he said that his servants used to take him against
 his will to the bath.
 And when he was in there, they would put oil on him and instead of washing himself, he
 would draw like mathematical symbols on his body so he could do the maths on his own body.
 It's like when you draw like in the shower, when you kind of write your name on the glass
 of the shower.
 Exactly like that.
 I was thinking of it as a kind of clever way of getting a child to eat his peas.
 That's really clever.
 Cover them with oil so they can write their equations on their chest.
 No, I just sort of mean it's a way of tricking Archimedes into washing himself, basically.
 Well, I'm pretending that he's a black bard.
 Yeah, exactly.
 That gets sort of crafty.
 I tried to find out more recent sources about Archimedes, so you know the sites where you
 type in any celebrity's name, basically, and it gives you all the auto-google results.
 Oh, yeah.
 Okay.
 So I've been on who'sdatedwho.com, who is he dating right now?
 Apparently, Archimedes is possibly single according to who'sdatedwho.com.
 I went on celebwiki.net measurements, not available.
 Bodybuild average.
 Are these sites...
 And what are they?
 What are these?
 What are you talking about?
 You know, these automatically generated sites that just asset strip from all over the internet
 and they just come up with dubious figures and celebrity net worth or whatever.
 I just thought I'd try it for Archimedes.
 And it turns out he's on all these sites and they know it.
 They don't know anything about him.
 They don't know anything about him.
 They've got it right mostly, haven't they?
 Well, it just goes to show, like, if Plutarch found it hard, like, now celebwiki.net is finding
 it even harder to correct.
 Do you think in a thousand years time there'll be a podcast going, "Did you know Archimedes
 was of average build and was probably single, according to the sources that were written
 only 2,000 years after he died?"
 Something Syracuse.
 He was in Syracuse, right?
 That's where he's from.
 Syracuse had one very, in particular thing in common with the UK today.
 Can you guess what it is?
 It was a services economy rather than goods based.
 No.
 You say the UK?
 The UK, yeah.
 You said the UK, right?
 I mean, you're never going to get this in a billion years.
 So, was it about gold?
 It was that they only had one or a remaker.
 Oh my gosh.
 So, do you remember a couple of weeks ago we found out there was only one or a remaker
 in the UK?
 Yeah.
 Well, there was only one or a remaker in Syracuse and it was Archimedes because he invented
 it.
 But it feels like we've got them on the way up, but he bent them on the way down at that
 end.
 It wasn't in decline then, was it?
 And a thousand years ago, in between those two points, like one in ten people made all
 of these full time.
 Yeah.
 I can't believe we didn't get that chance.
 I feel so stupid.
 It was looking you right in the face on the side.
 Damn it.
 He's such a model for the kind of mad scientist trope, isn't he?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And it must be true.
 I guess all these things must spring from a truth that he was so obsessed with his bloody
 mouth.
 You couldn't even get him in a bath.
 There must have been something to that.
 He was incredible at golf because he could just calculate.
 He could count the number of shots he played.
 Exactly.
 Amazing.
 Yeah.
 He just had one big lever.
 His golf club was one huge lever.
 Every shot was a putt for him.
 Do you know you can buy golf clubs where you hold it next to a ball and then it has a little
 mechanism inside the club head and it just fires out and shoots out and hits the ball
 exactly the right distance that you want it to go.
 So you don't have to swing it or anything.
 You don't do the swing.
 Just hold it still and it just shoots off.
 Kind of like the alien's jaws in "Alien", you know, where it just open up like...
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 And what's the point in that?
 Because that doesn't seem to take away some of the playing.
 You're still going to walk.
 You're still going to walk to where the ball is.
 Imagine you're a disabled person who can't swing a golf club, but you still want to play.
 You still want to hit the ball and you want to aim it and stuff like that, but you can't
 swing it.
 Okay.
 So you have to point it right, I guess.
 Oh yeah.
 You've got to point it.
 Yeah.
 He calculated the total number of grains of sand in the universe as could possibly be
 in the universe.
 He worked out that it was 10 to the power of 63.
 And he worked that out by working out that the entire universe was about two light years
 in diameter and he was no one there.
 I mean, he wasn't even in the same ballpark.
 You can't see picturing alien planets that have sand on it.
 So people had been saying that there was an infinite amount of sand and he wanted to prove
 that actually there wasn't an infinite amount of sand.
 There was a finite amount and I could prove that by looking at how big the universe is,
 looking at how big a grain of sand is and working out that there's a maximum that you
 could have.
 And he said that that maximum was 10 to the power of 63 but unfortunately he didn't realize
 that he knew that there were five planets but he didn't know that there were an infinite
 number of universes and planets and stuff.
 The old all I have to do is look at how big the universe is and that feels like you're
 going to trip up at the level of how big the universe is.
 It's still very impressive.
 It was impressive because you had to basically invent new bits of maths to do it because
 they didn't really have big numbers in those days.
 You could talk about 10,000 which is myriad, so that was basically the biggest number you
 could say.
 I mean that is really cool.
 And then he came up with like a myriad to the power of a myriad which is 10,000 to
 the power of 10,000 and then sort of extrapolated from there.
 So weird the idea of inventing big numbers, like inventing big things, because the biggest
 thing they could think of was 10 meters high, so they invented the idea.
 You can see all the academics getting together and then someone going up to the board and
 revealing a new zero.
 Has anyone considered 10,000 and one?
 Okay, it is time for fact number three.
 That is Anna.
 My fact this week is that most black swallower fish specimens died because they ate too much
 and their stomachs exploded.
 Wow.
 Weird life trajectory they have.
 It is a lot weird going on in that sense.
 Yeah, so the black swallower fish is a type of fish.
 When I say specimens, I mean ones that we found, a specimen is something that a scientist
 looks at in researches, so it is not clear that this is how most of them die, it is just
 all the ones we have found have floated up to the top of the water because this has happened
 and the reason this has happened is because they are amazing at swallowing, sometimes
 too good.
 So they are about 20 centimeters long.
 They can swallow prey that is over twice as long as them, I mean one of them was found
 with prey four times as long as it is in its body and ten times the mass.
 So if you look up pictures of them, they are just the best.
 It looks like they are carrying a huge bit of carry on luggage under their stomach which
 is where they store this food.
 It is amazing.
 They look absolutely ridiculous, but sometimes their eyes are too big for their stomachs and
 they will eat something so huge that they cannot digest it quickly enough before it
 starts decomposing.
 And when it starts decomposing, it releases all these gases in their stomachs and they
 inflate and they sort of float to the top like a helium balloon and they explode and
 then that is where we find them.
 Pick them up and go look at this.
 It is amazing.
 It is kind of not surprising these are the only ones we found because they live quite
 deep down don't they?
 Yeah.
 They live in the twilight zone.
 I know, I love it.
 Well they live in the lower twilight and the upper midnight zone.
 There are two different zones.
 Do you think lots of really weird stuff happens down there that they cannot explain?
 I bet.
 I mean these things are really freaky.
 One thing we don't know is how they prey or we are not sure.
 It is basically where they prey forwards or backwards.
 So they have got these teeth which retract, you know like a staged dagger which kind of
 retracts and then pops back out.
 So they have got those basically, but they are pointing backwards I think.
 So the prey can push it, it can push prey into its mouth and the prey then finds it incredibly
 hard to get out again, but it can go further in.
 And so we think it either ...
 I think that is a horrible option isn't it, it is like you can't get out darling, but
 don't worry, you can go further in.
 What?
 That is it, they either bite from the tail end of the prey and just work their way up
 to the head or they bite the head and then work their way down.
 Yeah, they have got really sharp teeth don't they?
 Yeah, but maybe they bite something too big and then they just have to keep going.
 Yeah, because not only can the prey not escape, but we think that they can't spit anything
 out because of these teeth.
 They are just locked into this thing, so they have to judge quite carefully how big what
 they are eating is.
 It is like if you go to the buffet and you can only go once, you have to really nail
 it.
 You get the biggest piece of turkey.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 It is like you have to finish it, otherwise they won't let you leave.
 And you are like, you have still got five sausage rolls there, and you are like, "Oh,
 no, no, no, I knew it."
 The black swallower fish was discovered in 1864 by someone called James Yates Johnson,
 and he is possibly more notable or as notable for discovering a lot of other fish and spiders,
 but also for donating the moss collection to the Natural History Museum of Madeira.
 Wow.
 So just a little of moss.
 Can I, James?
 Thank you.
 We have a lot of facts at this point in our show from you.
 Andy teed it up back in the day, but it is great.
 I am going to have to hand over the moss trousers at some point.
 Jesus Christ, please wash them first.
 One cool thing we should say is that their bellies are stretched so thin that they are
 transparent.
 Yeah.
 So you do get a good view.
 It is like having a window into there.
 It is interesting.
 You get quite a few of these animals that can eat whole prey, not just this one.
 But most of them, I am not most of them, maybe about a quarter of them have got black guts
 inside of their guts, has got like a black layer so that if you eat something which
 glows when you eat it, you do not want it to be glowing inside your tummy, otherwise
 all of your enemies are going to be able to come and eat you.
 And so they have this black-lined stomach which stops the glow from coming out.
 So cool.
 But the black swallow does not have that, I do not think.
 That would be really weird if you, yeah.
 You could see what Tom was eating.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Do you think it would help us eat more healthily if we walked around and everyone could look
 in your stomach and go, "Oh yeah, three pizzas last night.
 Wow."
 I think it would.
 So we are not allowed clothes in this scenario.
 They have to be transparent.
 Just one little transparent window in the middle of your T-shirt.
 Oh, like Rihanna's pregnancy outfit where she showed off her tummy.
 Sure.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Come on guys, keep up.
 Did you call her Rihanna?
 Yeah, I really lived into the age, I think, yeah.
 For all I know, that is how she pronounces it but I do not think so.
 Wait, I think she does but only in private.
 It sounds like you said in an e-mail to someone about Hannah.
 Rihanna.
 Rihanna.
 What do we think of her clothing choice today?
 Not appropriate for the office, I say.
 You know dolphins?
 Yeah.
 You know how they, how do they breathe?
 Through their blow holes.
 Yeah.
 Exactly.
 Exciting news.
 Scientists in New Zealand have found a dolphin that breathed through its mouth.
 Oh yeah.
 Yeah.
 It is called Hector's Dolphin.
 It is a species or the sub breed of dolphin and specifically it is not actually the whole
 species.
 It is literally one guy, one dolphin who breathed through his mouth.
 Sorry, is he congested in his blow hole?
 They have noticed some weird thing about the way the trachea links up to the blow hole and
 how actually he might have been injured or something but anyway he has found a way around
 whatever this past injury was or event in his life and now it just goes around like
 a dork breathing through his mouth.
 Wow.
 That is amazing.
 Yeah.
 It is like humans and things like belong there like little mermaids.
 So other fish that have interesting ways of eating food, one of them is the lancet fish
 and mostly this is good because it is sort of vaguely similar to the black swallower
 in that its contents of its stomach are often in completely pristine condition because
 it again eats these huge meals.
 So we think it is often fish that live very deep and don't get meals very often so when
 you do you have got to really eat shed loads.
 It is about seven foot long.
 Whoa.
 Yeah, it is huge but it will gorge all these meals and then they just sit in its stomach
 for ages but it means that lots of the new species that we discover of fish and squids
 and octopus are based on opening up the contents of the stomach and then you just get a bunch
 of new species fall out.
 The other interesting thing about lancet fish is that they don't see each other very often
 because they live quite deep down and so when they see another lancet fish they are going
 to want to mate with it and they don't want to have problems with genders and stuff like
 that.
 So if two lancet fish come together they are hermaphrodites and they can change when they
 meet a new one.
 Do they argue about that?
 Well I thought it but you know like when you are walking down a pavement and you are not
 sure to turn left or to turn right because someone is walking towards you, I imagine
 there is a lot of that going on.
 Yeah.
 So what there are some times where they accidentally both change to mate, sorry, sorry, they both
 change to female.
 Oh, sorry, sorry.
 They have a little laugh about it and then move on.
 That is cool.
 Holding off.
 So do you end up just having sex with that person James?
 If you are in a remote enough place, it is actually wisest to have sex with that person
 because you might not see someone for days.
 If you are going on a country walk you are going to have sex with two of them.
 I guess it is our responsibility to repopulate the earth.
 What?
 We are in Henley.
 I found a pretty weird fish that I want to mention.
 Yeah, this is called the Calogono and it is in Lake Malawi in East Africa and it is
 what is known as kind of like a sleeper fish.
 It does this thing where it pretends not to be a fish for most of its life and then it
 just comes to life as a fish.
 Exactly.
 It is sort of hanging out with some crabs, sort of pretending to be part of the family,
 getting all the info, waiting for the moment to arrest.
 No, this is a fish that plays dead basically in order to eat food and it lays down and it
 just plays dead and smaller fish will come to either check it out or maybe get a nibble
 on it and as they come it suddenly goes, "Wah!" and jumps up, well not jumps but whatever
 fish do.
 Swims.
 Swims up and eats everyone.
 Eats all the spectators.
 It is like going to a buffet and you get eaten by the sausage hole.
 Exactly.
 I am going to slightly off piece of the thing about guts because this is about the black
 swallower and how it eats.
 Yes.
 It is hanging out about uses of cow guts.
 Did you know that top flight tennis rackets all used to be made of cow intestines?
 It was used on the strings, wasn't it?
 It was the strings but until about ten years ago, as in really recently, there was this
 Norfolk film called Bo Brand and I read a few news articles about them and they made
 tennis racket strings and harp strings out of cow guts.
 I imagine if you accidentally got those mixed up that would be a very melodious game of tennis
 and you could turn up with the harp on the court.
 But yeah and I gave them a ring because I thought, "I can't believe this."
 It's true and they said, "Oh yeah, we don't do it anymore."
 But until about ten years ago, we did and it took four cows to make one tennis racket.
 No, that's too many cows for each, because they use like five tennis rackets per game.
 I know.
 And that's why you'll often see around the edge of the court like twenty cows just waiting
 for them to be...
 Actual luck on their faces.
 I think you can play on with that racket actually, Roger.
 At least I didn't use silkworm guts.
 Do you remember we talked about that?
 A lot of silkworms.
 Was that just the top-end players or is that every racket?
 No, this is top-end and they used to send a team to Wimbledon.
 They would have a little place where they would restring your rackets for you for the
 top players and they would...
 Oh yeah!
 A stable where they'd do that, wasn't it, around the back?
 Yeah.
 That's where they come out bloodstains when they go back onto the courts.
 So they all made...
 They're all like plastic though.
 I think they are, yeah.
 And they said...
 I spoke to a really nice lady at Bo Brand, so thank you to her for talking to me for
 quite a long time actually about this stuff.
 And she said that demand really slackened off about ten years ago, but fortunately it coincided
 with a huge increase in demand for harps.
 No idea why, but basically they just pivoted the business.
 Did you ask her like, what happened ten years ago with that harp and then suddenly it played
 in the background?
 I actually thought about what happened.
 The Sloan's Viperfish can eat very big things and it does it by opening its jaw up to over
 90 degrees, so it massively opens its mouth and is doing it net right now.
 I think I can go over 90 actually.
 Actually, how big do you think your mouth gap is there Anna?
 Would you say...
 At a conference or...
 At a good angle.
 No, no, top to bottom in centimetres.
 You'd have to ask Archimedes, essentially it's like 4.5.
 4.5.
 The largest mouth gap for any woman in the world is 6.52 centimetres.
 So you're getting there, Samantha Ramsdell.
 She can bite through four single stacked cheeseburgers in one go and fit an entire large-sized French
 fries from McDonald's in her mouth.
 Oh wow, standing up, so she eats fries vertically.
 Is that what you're saying?
 Oh, yeah.
 I think like you bundle them like straws.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 I thought you meant the full thing.
 No, no, no.
 Cheese fries.
 That's a real...
 Cheese fries vertically.
 It's some kind of sick burn.
 She can be seen on TikTok sometimes with a guy called Isaac Johnson who has the male
 record gape and his is 9.52 centimetres.
 That's big.
 That's big.
 That's big.
 So they're a couple because I want to see them snog.
 Yes.
 No one wants to see that, do they?
 Oh my God.
 They can snog when they can hold a billiard ball in between their tongues as they're doing.
 Isaac can fit objects such as a baseball, a soda can, or a large apple in his mouth.
 Oh, that's really put it in context for me.
 I once saw a really big apple at the offices of We Buy Any Card dot com in Haringay.
 I reckon he could fit that in because it was a massive apple.
 Good plan for We Buy Any Card dot com.
 I'd like to drill down into this a bit.
 Was it on display?
 Was it...
 I reckon.
 You think our cars are good?
 Wait till you...
 You should have...
 Honestly, this apple was so massive.
 Dan's got a large coffee cup here.
 I reckon it was as tall as that.
 Oh, that's insane.
 All I could do when he was talking to me was look at this apple because it was so massive.
 Were you trying to sell them a car at the time?
 I gave them... yeah, I sold them a car, yeah.
 What apple?
 Oh, my God.
 It's Jack and the Beanstalk all over again.
 You go home, your agent mother is saying, "Did you manage to sell the car to let us live?"
 No, but I got this big old apple.
 They just say in Jack and the Beanstalk, right, the moral of that story is that you
 should sell your cow for beans because he gets the beans and he gets a massive beanstalk
 and then he gets a golden chicken or something, doesn't he?
 And how much of that?
 A golden chicken?
 A golden chicken.
 You've misread that story.
 Does he not get a golden head or something?
 A golden goose?
 Yeah.
 Does he get a golden goose at the time?
 Yeah, but then he steals it from the time.
 He chimes down the Beanstalk after it, but then he has to cut the Beanstalk down and
 then...
 He does all that.
 Like, basically, he's taken a risk at the very start of that story, you know, selling
 his car or whatever it was for some beans.
 And then he's had to go through a few troubles, but at the end he gets a golden goose that
 lays golden eggs.
 So the moral of the story is do something stupid.
 At the end, it'll work out fine.
 Are you trying to justify giving away your car for an apple?
 Because it feels like you are.
 How much?
 It's a big apple.
 It's not any old apple.
 Look, my wife didn't buy this and you guys aren't buying it either.
 Okay, it's time for our final fact of the show, and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that there is a cathedral in Norway currently restoring its rooftop with
 large amounts of urine from a retired field horse called Norik.
 Norik likes to pee into a bucket at specific times every single day.
 Wow.
 So...
 A lot to unpack there.
 A lot to unpack here with this story.
 I should just quickly say I got sent this story by a friend of mine, Riggs, who lives
 in Norway.
 She spotted it and it was a calling out for horse urine.
 So the story is basically that there is a very old cathedral there.
 It's called Niderås Cathedral.
 It's in Trondheim, and the idea is that they're doing the roof at the moment, but the problem
 is that in order to get the roof back to the state that they want to get it to, they need
 to oxidize the copper.
 And in order to do that, it's been discovered that you can use horse urine or cow urine.
 So to oxidize the copper, you mean like it goes from the shiny color to like a green
 color?
 Exactly.
 So if you know a green color on a cathedral roof, that is the state that it needs to be
 in, but it takes a long time to do that and it can take decades in fact.
 But by using horse urine, they are able to speed up the process.
 The issue is where do you get that much horse urine?
 From a horse.
 From a horse, right?
 But, you know, who's going to give you that urine?
 You need to do a calling out to the world, or specifically to that very tiny bit of Norway.
 And so that's what they did.
 The people said, "Do you have horse urine?
 We need it."
 And this was spotted by someone who has a very old horse called Norik, who has this very
 curious thing, which is that Norik likes to pee at certain times indoors every day.
 And so what they do is they bring Norik in.
 He comes for his daily pee at a certain time and he's been supplying sort of most of the
 pee.
 Amazing.
 Okay.
 They sent it on Facebook, didn't they?
 Yeah.
 It's on a group called "It Happens in Bin Niset," which I think is a town near Trondheim.
 And they said, "Hello.
 A somewhat special request, but we would love to get our hands on about four to five liters
 of horse urine.
 If you have an opportunity to help with this, feel free to contact Henning Grott, stone cutter
 at the cathedral.
 I'm interested that they collect it in a bucket, because that does imply that someone's
 wasting there all the time, because you don't know when a horse is going to weep.
 You just go into the stable and they've done it all over the hay.
 But this is the point, though.
 So it chooses.
 And does it over the bucket?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I mean, there's actually a video that you can see online.
 So Norik is about to take a pee.
 It's basically just a shot of his penis in camera and then the urine starts coming out.
 A bucket comes underneath it and starts collecting.
 Yeah.
 So actually there's a stable hand who has to sit in the stable all day, every day, until
 he starts peeing and then shove the bucket underneath his wooly.
 This is how you got a urine sample from a horse.
 I was looking up how you do it and I was on the website horsesidevetguide.com and it
 said what you do is you get a disposable coffee cup.
 So Dan's got a disposable coffee cup here and you attach that to a broom handle and
 then you wait for the horse to start peeing and then you just move it slowly into position
 and then you catch the midstream urine, which is the good stuff if you're testing horses
 healthy.
 If you want to at home picture how big my cup is, by the way, it's roughly the same size
 as a beer.
 Well, like a few jettles.
 That's just for the listener.
 An apple that I would say would be worth a car.
 There's a few different ways that they could have done this instead of putting horse urine
 on the roof.
 They could have covered it in hard boiled eggs and that would have done the job.
 They could have used Miracle Grow Plant Fertiliser.
 I've got some of that.
 Well, you can use that to oxidise your copper.
 Oh, great.
 Is that what is that?
 Because of nitrogen?
 It's the ammonia we think in the urine, isn't it?
 Yes.
 So in the urine, it's ammonia.
 Now urine doesn't have any ammonia in it, but it does contain things that bacteria like
 and you have bacteria in the air.
 So that bacteria goes into the urine and then the bacteria creates ammonia.
 So you couldn't use just fresh out of the horse urine.
 You need to leave it to stand for a bit.
 But sulfur also works and that's what you get with your hard boiled eggs.
 That's so clever.
 It would stink, though.
 You've smeared egg soul for all over your church roof.
 Well, more than horse piss?
 Yeah, actually, that causes differences.
 Another one you could do would be salt and vinegar crisps, apparently.
 That is apparently an age-old, can't be that old, but it's a way of doing this that you
 see on there.
 That's how they did Westminster Abbey originally.
 Just back to this idea about Norric going in at certain times and peeing into the bucket.
 I was reading a blog the other day and it actually has this really interesting thing,
 which is that horses can be taught to pee on command.
 They can be toilet-trained.
 They can be toilet-trained.
 Really?
 But what about that old saying, you can take a horse to the toilet, but you can't make
 it piss?
 Yes.
 Well, in the article that I was reading, it did sort of say that what it's useful really
 is, you know, horse shows.
 If a horse is going out into the ring and it's about to do an act, you don't want your horse
 shitting and pissing everywhere, do you?
 And so if you can get your horse to go beforehand by teaching it when to go, you're fine.
 What you need to do is, when you see a horse pissing, quickly go up beside it and just
 start whistling.
 Just go whistling and whistle to the exact length of their pee.
 Now, obviously, you might not have that much breath, so catch your breath back into the
 whistle.
 Yeah, no, no.
 I know what whistle sounds like.
 Great.
 So you've done that.
 Go away.
 You're seeing the horse pee again later.
 Go back quickly to its side as it's peeing.
 Do this for weeks and weeks and weeks, and then after weeks, you'll find that when you
 go near a horse that probably needs a pee and you go, it goes the other way around.
 The horse starts peeing to your whistle.
 Amazing.
 It's suddenly you're enabling the piss via your whistle.
 It's not much of a superpower, is it?
 It's making any horse piss on demand.
 And you get therapy horses, though, don't you?
 Or guide horses.
 Some blind people who are allergic to dogs have to have guide ponies, you remember?
 Just a small pony.
 Shetland.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Like a little Shetland pony.
 Shire horse.
 Yeah.
 I mean, I haven't been on the London Underground when a horse comes on the carriage.
 No.
 But that is a thing.
 I guess they have to have some kind of training system.
 Yeah.
 Well, you can pee.
 I mean.
 Well, there are nappies as well.
 You can get a horse nappies.
 You said that as if it was a really standard piece of information.
 It was.
 So who wears the nappies?
 The guide horses?
 Yeah.
 Or horses that are, you know, doing, I guess, presentations.
 I mean, that's worse.
 In dressage, you'd rather the horse just weed than you've got some huge nappy.
 Rodin used urine on his sculptures, not horse urine, but he used to instruct his assistants
 to go out into his, like, outdoor studio and urinate all over the bronze statues in the
 yard.
 Oh, bronzes.
 I was thinking stone.
 But okay.
 Bronzes.
 He didn't piss on the kiss.
 Sadly not.
 So actually, he just got his helpers to pee on it.
 He didn't collect them or anything.
 He just said go and piss on them.
 It's a studio, isn't it?
 It's like Damien Hurst.
 Damien Hurst often won't piss on his own stuff.
 Will he not?
 No.
 Yeah, don't piss on your own stuff.
 Save that for the critics.
 Well, Vincent van Gogh also used cow urine.
 This color called Indian yellow, which was this huge secret and it came in these balls
 and it was really popular in the 19th century because it's an unbelievably vivid dye and
 no one knows how it was made and it was this huge secret and it turns out that this village
 in India called Mirazapur was taking its cows and it was restricting their diet, basically
 only to mango leaves.
 Oh, yeah.
 And there are some claims and counterclaims about it, but there's pretty good evidence
 that it did happen and they would take the cow's piss and they would heat it and they'd
 bake it down to a syrup, basically, dry the syrup so it's ultra pure.
 And The Starry Night by Vincent van Gogh.
 Cow piss.
 You'll see in cow piss when you see those stars, yeah.
 No way.
 You should go and stand.
 What gallery is it in?
 I want someone to go and stand there and just tell everyone who comes and starts admiring
 it.
 Cow piss, you know?
 Cow piss.
 You can use horse urine to grow pineapples.
 Really?
 Which they do at the Lost Gardens of Heligan, which is in Cornwall.
 And they still make pineapples in that old way that they used to.
 So, do you remember how we said that you used to be able to buy a pineapple for the same
 price as a car?
 Now, I know what you're going to say.
 You got confused.
 You thought it was a pineapple.
 Well, when you saw this really big apple devs, was it spiky and didn't have, like, green
 spines?
 It was an open brackets pine, closed brackets apple.
 No.
 So, like, pineapples used to be really expensive because they were so expensive to grow in
 the UK because we don't have the climate.
 And so, the Lost Gardens of Heligan in Cornwall still make them in the old-fashioned way.
 And the way that they do that is they get a greenhouse, but they heat up the greenhouse
 by putting horse manure and horse urine and piles of straw in the corner, and they kind
 of, like, a compost heat will get hotter and hotter, and that heats up the building hot.
 But it does mean every pineapple costs £1,200 to grow.
 That's a lot.
 So, it's a lot of money for one pineapple, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 I reckon that the pineapple that they're growing at the moment, or might have just grown,
 is going to be worth around £10,000 in total because of not just how much it costs to make,
 but also its rarity and stuff like that.
 But even though it's worth that much, they're not going to sell it, they're going to cut
 it up and feed it to their staff.
 Nice.
 Wow.
 It's quite nice, isn't it?
 I did read that when they started doing this, they gave the second one they'd grown to the
 Queen.
 I guess great.
 But they did make sure that they'd tasted the first one to ensure that they did not
 taste of horse urine in horse manure.
 Good idea.
 That is a risk.
 On urine collection, the first ever people doing IVF, so very early patients.
 This was, when was it, 70s, I think?
 Well, Louise Brown was 77, I think.
 Oh, OK.
 Yeah, yeah.
 So, the two doctors who were pioneering it really were called Robert Edwards and Patrick
 Steptoe, and it was really old Steptoe, and it's quite controversial.
 You know, there were a few various kinds, because it was kind of creating life artificially.
 But early patients had to live in the centre, basically, for two or three weeks as inpatients
 while this was going on, and they had to collect all of their urine during treatment, because
 they needed to monitor their hormone levels.
 So they just had to carry these huge plastic containers every time they went offsite.
 They did have an amazing pineapple garden rum bag.
 Yeah, it was really, it was really basic stuff.
 And the other thing they had to do was, after your embryos were inserted back into you,
 the women had to spend an hour or two crouching down with their bottoms in the air, just in
 case, in case gravity helped.
 They weren't sure whether it helped or not.
 Wasn't it the case, by the way?
 I actually don't have any information on this, but I remember reading that in the early
 days of penicillin, we didn't have enough penicillin itself to go around for every patient.
 So what they would do is, they would give a patient some of the penicillin and then wait
 at the other end of them for it to come out through their pee, and they would extract the
 remaining penicillin that was in there, and then give that to another patient.
 Because you would have thought that you have metabolised the useful bits of the penicillin.
 Oh, yeah, that's the point.
 It's diluting, and diluting, and diluting.
 But I guess you've maybe got enough left over in it that it's worth extracting from
 the pee.
 That's really gross.
 I was reading an article which said that action must be taken over the surprisingly widespread
 problem of stable staff urinating into race horses' bedding.
 I saw that.
 Did you?
 Yeah.
 And what's the problem?
 Oh, it's just horrible for the horses, because they've got a bed covered in groom piss.
 Well, the last problem, the problem is the testing.
 No, it is a problem.
 It's bad for the horses.
 You don't want to lie them down on sort of wet, damp hay or straw.
 Horses sleep on their urine a lot.
 They should be mucked out.
 They should be, you know.
 But when you muck out the horses, hey, you're going to muck out the human urine with the
 horse urine, aren't you?
 I also think, though, if I, you know, got the bed, ever wet the bed, I don't want other
 people coming pissing on my bed going, "Well, you've already done it, so I might as well
 as well."
 Exactly.
 Do you think it's, well, it probably is worse.
 Like, your own fart smell okay, but someone else is already horrible.
 And it's like, it'd be less, "I don't really want to sleep on my own wet bed, but I would
 rather do that if it was a choice between that and the bed that Andy's pissed in."
 Thank you.
 Sure.
 Yeah.
 Great.
 Exactly.
 Yeah.
 No, I thought they were saying it was for the horse's benefit, but you're saying it's
 also for the problem of doping.
 The reason it came up.
 Because grooms are all coked off their heads.
 The reason it came up is because the grooms are all coked off their heads.
 But they don't test the straw.
 Yeah, they do.
 What?
 They test the straw?
 You'll do the testing by testing the horse's straw, because that's where you get the horse
 ear and fork.
 So the bedding will get tested as a sample.
 And there's a trainer whose horse was found to have been sort of doping, but I think with
 something that you wouldn't dop with like marijuana or something, I can't remember
 actually what it was.
 Right.
 But it turned out to be caused by the stable staff urinating in the box while he was mucking
 it out.
 This horse has been asking a lot of big questions about the universe.
 They seem to have a lot of jazz, I don't know.
 OK, that's it.
 That's all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said over
 the course of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Shrieberland.
 Andy.
 @AndrewHunter.
 @James.
 @JamesHarken.
 And Anna.
 You can email podcast.qo.com.
 Yep.
 Or you can go to our group account, which is @NoSuchThing or our website, NoSuchThingAsAFish.com.
 Check it out.
 It's awesome.
 Let's go all of our previous episodes up there.
 It's got a link to the tickets for our final leg of our nerd immunity tour.
 We're going to be doing that in September of this year.
 Come check it out.
 It's an awesome night.
 We would love, love, love to see you guys there.
 But if you can't make it, don't worry, because we'll be back again next week with another
 episode.
 We'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
