 (upbeat music)
 - Hello and welcome to another episode
 of No Such Thing as a Fish,
 a weekly podcast coming to you
 from the QI offices in Covent Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I am sitting here with Anna Tyshinski,
 Andrew Hunter Murray and James Harkin.
 And once again, we have gathered
 around the microphones with our four favorite facts
 from the last seven days.
 And in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, that is Andy.
 - My fact is that the first man to use the word avocado
 in English was a pirate.
 - Oh.
 - Arvacado.
 - Arvacado.
 - That just sounds like you saying it normally, Dan.
 (laughing)
 - Wow, okay.
 - This is a guy called William Dampier
 and he was an explorer.
 He lived from 1651 to 1715.
 And he was lots of things, actually.
 He was a hydrographer.
 He was a scientist, a writer, a naturalist,
 Royal Navy captain.
 And we have a picture of him.
 It's in the National Gallery.
 It's the only 100% genuine portrait of a British pirate.
 - Ooh.
 - So he's quite--
 - Does he have a pirate on his shoulder?
 - Yeah, I patch.
 He's biting a gold doubloon.
 (laughing)
 - So it's sort of making someone walk the plank, yeah.
 No, I don't think he is.
 I think he looks like a normal man.
 But he was a pirate, among lots of other things.
 And he wrote this account of the avocado pear tree.
 And that's in the OED.
 When you look under avocado, his entry is the first one.
 He gave a little report about the avocado
 and said how nice it was.
 - How many entries are there for avocado
 then after his one?
 - Well, loads, 'cause the OED sort of gives,
 they give a load of different--
 - When it's an exciter and stuff.
 - Yeah, it's about five or six.
 - Well, I think there's only one definition.
 I'm not sure you've got like the verb avocado.
 (laughing)
 - This isn't the definition.
 This is the citation.
 - Yes, yeah.
 - He actually has over a thousand entries in the OED.
 - Of all the things that he has in the OED,
 I looked at them all where he's the first citation.
 So the first example we have,
 he was the first person to use the word thunder cloud.
 - Wow.
 - Which is quite good.
 To frape the verb.
 - Facebook.
 (laughing)
 - Is it a frape?
 - He used the word meaning to bind tightly.
 - Soy sauce as well.
 Soy sauce, which is my favorite.
 - Chopsticks.
 - Chopsticks, which are my favorite utensils.
 - And a lot of this is 'cause I guess he was travelling
 so much, and he was writing reports on his travels
 and so he was coming into contact around the world
 with a lot of words not previously known to English.
 So that's part of the reason why.
 - Well, I think that maybe even more amazing thing
 about him is that he had a great recipe for avocado,
 which involves smashing it to pieces
 and adding sugar and lime juice by making guacamole.
 - Such a hipster.
 - He gave us guac.
 - Although the tragic thing about him is
 he wrote so much about guacamole
 that he was never actually able to afford his own pirate ship
 'cause he just spent so much money on the...
 - On frat pays as well.
 (laughing)
 - So he always stopped renting those ships,
 wasn't he?
 He couldn't burn anything on the walls.
 - So these words, he wrote quite a few books,
 but he had a very, very famous one,
 which was A New Voyage Around the World,
 which was a book that was so influential
 that Darwin took a copy of it onto the Beagle with him.
 And, you know, is it this one book
 where we get a lot of these?
 - Most of them are from that.
 I mean, that's pretty crazy.
 - I think that was his main book.
 I think he wrote lots of other random stuff,
 but yeah, that was his big one, wasn't it?
 And it was really popular, 1697.
 And it was when he'd gone around the world
 for the first time, was it?
 And then he went around another two times.
 And it was full of food recipes.
 He was a foodie.
 He was a big old hipster foodie.
 Barbecue, kumquat, tortilla,
 and he included recipes
 of what was the best thing to do with them.
 So he really recommended Flamingo Tongue,
 if you're ever in the market.
 He said it's very good, it's lean and black,
 and it's neither fishy nor unsavory.
 - Yummy.
 - He also had armadillo,
 which he said tastes a bit like lan turtle,
 if you're not sure.
 - Oh, like lan turtle, no, I can picture it, yeah, yummy.
 - Prickly pears, right?
 Which is a type of cactus.
 And he said that it turned his urine so red
 that it looked like blood.
 - Yeah.
 - Okay, but I actually have some prickly pear candy at home.
 So I tried some yesterday
 and I'm yet to experience any red urine.
 But I thought I'd bring you all some.
 - Oh, no, a bit of urine?
 Or it's just a small vial James is getting at.
 - I've got some prickly pear candies
 that I thought you might want to munch on
 if you feel like it. - Oh, lovely.
 Oh my God, they're delicious.
 - And they're very red.
 They look a bit like Turkish delight, don't they?
 - I'm a huge fan of the show and tell element
 of the podcast now.
 I really like James' experience corner.
 - That's good for the listeners.
 - What do you really enjoy about it?
 - It's so yummy.
 - They taste a bit like fruit pastels, don't they?
 - Yes, exactly like that.
 - I'm really excited because I got these at Christmas
 and they've just been sat there
 'cause I didn't really want to eat them
 'cause they're made of cactus.
 I finally got an excuse to.
 - They're so good.
 He also used to eat sea turtles,
 but he had a preference for the ones that were grass fed.
 - Grass fed sea turtles. - Was that an ethical preference
 or you don't want the ones that are grain fed
 and kept in cages?
 - Yeah, exactly.
 No, he just said that they're the best of that sort,
 both in largeness and in sweetness.
 So quantity and taste.
 And it's just quite amazing to imagine that this guy
 who was a pirate, let's remember him,
 yeah, was going around.
 It's like, can I get grass fed turtles please?
 - I don't know.
 - True, yeah, yeah.
 He wasn't a very good pirate at first.
 His first act of piracy was an absolute disaster.
 So it was like the British government was given
 in permission to take over Spanish ships, wasn't it?
 - He was a bit more of a privateer,
 a sort of licensed pirate than a Blackbeard figure.
 - The Spanish would call him a pirate for sure.
 - Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 From their perspective.
 - The Spanish would call him a lot of things, wouldn't they?
 - Well, he and his fellow Buccaneers,
 they attacked a Spanish fort.
 It was very exciting.
 They managed to take it over,
 but the townspeople had left
 with absolutely everything valuable.
 So it was a complete disaster.
 And lots of his voyages were failures actually financially,
 but he was always making observations,
 writing down recipes,
 and it was basically long-distance book research
 that he was doing.
 - It's not what you've sent him for, is it?
 I haven't got you any gold,
 but I've come back with a Delia Smith-esque tone.
 - So, well, Delia Smith actually used to be a pirate.
 It was a mercenary.
 She was a soldier of fortune in the 80s,
 but a lot of that was recipe collected, yeah.
 - Another thing that William Dampier did
 was he was the first British sailor to reach Australia.
 He got there way before the first fleets got over there.
 And weirdly, he has a few moments
 that we don't really give him the sort of acknowledgement for.
 There's this weird passage in his book
 where he's in the Galapagos
 and he's looking at the turtles there,
 and he's saying, "Oh, they look a different breed."
 And I wonder if that's helping towards their mating
 and so on, just writes a few random lines,
 just sort of suggesting that there's sort of evolutionary
 benefit to the way that they're shaped
 without naming that specifically.
 - Oh, so he says these suit their environment
 because they look like this.
 - Exactly, yeah.
 Which is just so Darwinian.
 - And Darwin had the book.
 - Nice.
 - He became very famous,
 which is once his voyaging days were over.
 He went to dinner with Samuel Peeps.
 He lectured at the Royal Society.
 And the last bit of Galapagos travels
 is based on his journeys in part.
 - Did he meet like a tribe of giants and all that stuff?
 - That's the second book of Galapagos travels,
 not the final one, it's a bit more normal.
 It just contains talking horses.
 - Well, he was in South America
 and he did see some horses there.
 He said, "Here they have several horses,
 "but what is most worthy of note
 "is a sort of sheep they have,
 "which inhabitants call conera de terra.
 "The creature is four foot and a half high
 "and they're frequently ridden
 "by two of the lustiest men of the area," he said.
 And he's almost certainly talking about llamas, we think.
 So he's one of the first people to see llamas from the West.
 - Cool, what a life.
 - It's very difficult when you read about him
 because he was in many ways quite a bad guy.
 - Okay.
 - Oh, he is a Spanish person.
 (laughing)
 - I've been talking to some of my friends in Madrid
 and they do not go down well there.
 As anyone in that period, it was nuanced
 to say the least relationship with the natives
 that he met at various places and wrote some pretty awful things
 for instance about Australian Aboriginals.
 As a leader as well, he was pretty widely disliked.
 So we should say that the thing maybe he's most famous
 for today is that he was also responsible
 for Robinson Crusoe, essentially,
 because Alexander Selkirk,
 who we think Robinson Crusoe was based on,
 was on his ship and hated him so much
 or thought that he was very bad at maintaining the ship
 and said, "I think this ship's gonna sink.
 "I'm not gonna get on it until we fix it."
 And I think it was Dampier who said, "No, the ship's fine.
 "We can sail this ship."
 - So was this halfway through a voyage, do you mean?
 - Halfway through a voyage.
 - So basically they were going around Cape Horn
 and this guy, Selkirk, said, "Don't go around Cape Horn.
 "It's a terrible place to go around.
 "It's always stormed, it's high winds.
 "It's like the middle of hurricane season or whatever.
 "We can't do that."
 And then they went, "Well, we're gonna do it anyway."
 And so by the time they got through,
 all of the ships were a little bit bashed
 and he was like, "These are gonna sink on the way home.
 "Get me off here.
 "Get me to wherever the nearest island is.
 "I wanna go to the nearest island."
 And so they sent him to the nearest island
 and as he got there, the other ship started to go away
 and he's like, "I've changed my mind, I've changed my mind."
 And they were like pretending they couldn't hear him
 and saying, "What, what, sorry, we love it."
 And I read Robinson Crusoe a year or two ago
 and there's no mention at the beginning of it
 that he was a really annoying backseat driver
 after the voyage and it's very sympathetically presented
 into Facebook.
 - Well, to be fair, he had a very good point
 because the ship sank shortly afterwards
 and most of the crew died and the rest ended up in prison.
 - It was more annoying when the backseat driver
 turns out to be right.
 That's really frustrating.
 - Didn't Selkirk then get picked up four years later
 on another ship that had dampier honors?
 - Yeah, he did.
 - Imagine that, he's like, "Finally, someone's coming to us."
 - But then when he got back on that ship, he realized
 and he was like, "No, I want to be marooned again."
 And they eventually talked him round.
 - As in he genuinely was, yeah.
 That sounds like a joke, but yeah, he genuinely did say.
 Set me off.
 - As they picked up Selkirk, they managed to find
 a Spanish fleet, didn't they?
 And they managed to get a load of treasure
 from them, a load of booty,
 which meant Selkirk got a load of money
 and he could retire when he got back to Britain.
 So he came home, he was very rich,
 but he couldn't quite readjust to society
 'cause he'd been on this island for however long,
 being a Robinson Crusoe guy.
 And so he went to Scotland
 and spent 15 years living in a cave.
 - Oh my God.
 - Which feels to me like a missed sequel
 to Robinson Crusoe, doesn't it?
 - Yeah.
 - Robinson Crusoe lives in a cave.
 - I think it's got all the promise
 of a disappointing second series, I have to say.
 - I got like Robinson too, so.
 - Yeah.
 - With what I would call it.
 - Nice.
 - I like it.
 - Will you write books now?
 - Thank you.
 - So Dampier, the first person in the OED
 to mention the word avocado, as we say it today.
 But before that, they had different ways
 of saying the word.
 So we kind of get it from the Spanish word.
 People would say Aguacarta or Aguacardo
 and stuff like that.
 You can see online a big list of all the early times
 when people mentioned this fruit.
 They started in 1562, going to the 17th century.
 And in 1660, they talk about this poem
 that was written by Abraham Cowley,
 which mentions avocados.
 But they don't say what the poem is.
 None of the places say what the poem is.
 And that really intrigued me.
 I'm like, why are they glossing over this?
 So I found this poem.
 "A fragrant leaf, the Aguacarta bears,
 "her fruit in fashion of an egg appears,
 "with such a white and sperm-y juice itself
 "as represents moist life's first principles."
 I said that as a completely flawed description.
 Are we sure they don't want the avocado?
 I've never got white juice swelling out of my avocados.
 No, sperm-y juice in your avocado.
 No, am I not leaving it long enough to ripen?
 They had different types of avocados.
 The one that we eat now is a Hass avocado most of the time.
 And this was an old kind of one that you would get.
 Some of them were white and egg-shaped.
 I think the main crime there is rhyming
 swells with principles, which is not...
 That's what offends me the most,
 apart from the sperm-y juice.
 Do you know there's a Hass avocado board
 with the official authorities on Hass avocados,
 which is the ones that almost everyone eats today.
 And they have huge amounts of data on their website
 about avocado consumption, US-based, mainly.
 So is that why that guy was following me
 when I went to my local organic shop to buy some avocados?
 Yeah, that's right, yeah, yeah.
 Would you say it's very sperm-y, sir?
 It's quite sperm-y, very sperm-y.
 Two sperm-y. They released a bit of research recently
 that they found that avocado shoppers
 divided into several distinct tranches.
 There are people who buy no avocados, first of all.
 They're not really interested in those people.
 No, quite. They're moderate shoppers.
 Then they have mega shoppers who buy a lot of avocados.
 But above them, there's a top tier, ultra shoppers.
 Wow. How many do you have to be going through
 to get to an ultra shopper level?
 I think it's achievable. I go through six a week.
 Stop it. Yeah.
 We do about the same in our house, yeah.
 I think you guys might be a new category.
 No. So, ultra shoppers in America
 spend $100 a year on avocados.
 Oh, I spend way more than that.
 Well, there we go.
 The ultra shoppers go to the shop 183 times a year
 and one trip in seven, they buy an avocado.
 OK, well, I have a avocado, so I don't go to the shop.
 Oh, my God. Is a avocado named after avocados?
 I don't know.
 Avocado. All these others are avocados, isn't it?
 Why does everyone use this?
 Let's avocado.
 It's all replacement products, isn't it?
 We didn't have your pint of milk as an avocado.
 We didn't have a pint of milk.
 What you've got is a bit sperm-y.
 OK, it is time for fact number two, and that is Anna.
 My fact this week is that there's a Puerto Rican island
 where monkeys roam free,
 but the humans have to eat their meals in cages.
 It's like Planet of the Apes.
 It's like a reverse zoo.
 Is it like Planet of the Apes?
 It's like both the things we just said.
 Yeah, it is like Planet of the Apes.
 The apes keep the humans in cages in Planet of the Apes.
 God, I always come visit with 2001 a space odyssey.
 Sorry, I haven't seen Planet of the Apes.
 Sorry, we're getting sidetracked.
 Yeah, so this is, it is like a reverse zoo,
 sort of, in that it's an island called Decaio Santiago
 off the coast of Puerto Rico, and it's a research centre.
 It was started in the 1930s.
 Basically, it's full of monkeys,
 and humans are not allowed to go there
 unless they are researchers.
 And it's part of the discipline of it.
 You really can't disturb the monkeys.
 It has to be like they're living completely wildly.
 They're resus macaques.
 And so, if you're going to go and eat a meal,
 you can't just do it out in the open
 where you could get in their way if they want to, you know,
 cross your path.
 So they sit in a cage and eat their meal.
 Yeah, and the reason for it as well
 is because this is such a deadly island to humans
 if you go there.
 The reason it's a deadly island
 is because the monkeys there have herpes, a kind of herpes.
 Sorry, it's a deadly island,
 because the monkeys are not herpes.
 Darling, I'm about to tell you there's good news and bad news.
 Like, what's the good news?
 The good news is I didn't catch it from a person.
 Does it count as cheating?
 Catch what from a person?
 Well, there, that brings me on to the bad news.
 So, I have a question.
 Yeah.
 How am I going to catch herpes from a monkey?
 Do I have to use the same toilet seat as them or what?
 Well, no.
 Why is it dangerous?
 It's dangerous because they might use you as a toilet.
 So that's the problem.
 They can transfer herpes via their urine.
 So if it makes contact with you,
 they can transfer it by their feces.
 And, you know, Reese's macaques love to throw feces at people.
 So, you know.
 So if you do happen to catch herpes
 and you need to go to your partner and say that you've got it,
 you can say I caught it off a monkey throwing poo at me.
 Exactly. There's a legit reason.
 Someone right now, I bet, is dealing with this dilemma
 on the way home.
 You better hope you just film holiday to India
 because like me and you, Andy,
 once both held a koala, didn't we?
 Yes.
 And they're riddled with chlamydia.
 Yeah.
 So that would be a reasonable excuse for that as well.
 You could come home with all the STIs after a tour.
 Blame it on the local animals.
 And the gonorrhea is from a millipede
 that I met in San Diego.
 Really nice legs.
 Really nice legs.
 Just to wrap up, the reason that the cages are in place
 is because for that reason, if you're eating your food,
 the monkeys will desperately want to try and get it off of you.
 And so the cages are to protect you from getting herpes
 while you're eating your meal.
 OK.
 The story of how they got there is amazing.
 It's really cool.
 So they were brought over from India in 1938.
 And it was for scientific purposes, wasn't it?
 There was a scientist called Clarence Carpenter,
 which is a great name, who was responsible for bringing that,
 wanted to study their social groups and such like.
 But the second war was about to break out.
 So this ship with 500 monkeys on it, this must have been.
 I want to see a movie about the journey.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Because they wanted to go through the Suez Canal,
 but they couldn't because tensions were high
 and the war was close to breaking out.
 So they had to go around the southern tip of Africa instead.
 And it turned into a much longer journey.
 The voyage lasted way longer than it was meant to.
 It lasted nearly 50 days.
 And he was on board with them all the time.
 He was.
 And have you seen the one photo of him on board?
 No.
 It's so he's wearing a bathing suit.
 It's quite odd.
 I don't know if he was going for swims in the Pacific
 on the way over.
 But yeah, Clarence Carpenter.
 Begging for herpes in that kind of outfit.
 I love that was a movie.
 I'd love to see it as sort of like a William Dampier pirate
 sort of trying to take over the ship.
 That just turns out to have 500 monkeys on it.
 So you've got the two staries kind of weaving in and out
 of each other.
 And it ends with a pirate attacking the monkeys
 and catching herpes with the most
 ambitious crossover in movie history.
 Gandhi was very much against them, wasn't he?
 What against them taking the monkeys?
 Against them taking the monkeys.
 Life magazine did some articles when it was established.
 And in one of them, they talked about Gandhi
 preaching against the exploitation of India's sacred
 rhesus monkeys.
 And eventually they banned it, but not for quite a few years
 after Gandhi had died.
 They used to have people living on there.
 So the first caretakers of the monkeys
 were this couple called the Tomolins.
 And they kept one of them as a pet called Pijita.
 And yet the rest of them-- well, I
 don't know what's better, being a pet of two humans
 and stroked constantly and fussed over by them
 or just being led to live your life.
 I don't know.
 Left to live your life.
 But anyway, they--
 That's a really philosophical question, isn't it?
 Isn't it one of the more amazing--
 Are you happy with servitude or would you like freedom?
 Yeah, yeah.
 When you put it like that, it's actually quite easy.
 Look at the bars of the cage are made of gold.
 And there's a nice bed in the cage.
 And then put them on the other side.
 Freedom.
 Yeah.
 Who of us can say what bars surround us?
 Well, Tate.
 You know, what compromises--
 I can say what bars surrounds me most not.
 So I think the monkeys all had this conference, this chat,
 and they nominated Pijita.
 But Michael Tomlin sounded quite fun.
 He would apparently regularly swim the one kilometer channel
 back to the mainland.
 Would drink a fifth of vodka.
 I actually don't know what was a fifth of.
 Well, that's what Eminem says in that stand.
 He goes, I just drank a fifth of vodka.
 Dare me to drive?
 I think he says that.
 Who says that?
 Eminem.
 Does he?
 I think so.
 So it's obviously enough that you're going to be drunk.
 I can't believe this guy, Michael Tomlin,
 is cooler than we are in that he gets Eminem slang.
 Well, that's on a monkey island.
 He's way cooler than we are.
 What are you talking about?
 I think American listeners will be writing in droves
 very shortly for explaining exactly how much for this.
 Just so we're clear, in the UK, we don't use that scheme.
 We don't.
 And this was in the 1930s.
 Anyway, apparently it wasn't even vodka.
 People just said that because he was Russian.
 He actually preferred rum and coke.
 So anyway, he'd swim over and then swim back, presumably
 hammered to the island where his wife was looking
 after the pet monkey.
 These days, there are 2,000 Reese's macaques
 on Kyo's Santiago.
 But also, I find this so creepy, almost all of them
 have tattoos.
 Sorry, that's not the creepy bit.
 It's a bit creepy.
 It's a bit strange.
 They haven't chosen to get a tattoo.
 That's even creepier, arguably.
 Is it?
 I don't know what's creepier.
 What are they tattoos of?
 They're not--
 Scientific stuff.
 The eye, heart, lung.
 No, sorry.
 Scientific stuff.
 Yeah, like an equals MC squared.
 That's being like a vacuum is.
 That kind of stuff.
 No, sorry, that's not the creepy bit.
 The creepy bit is that the island is also
 home to a collection of 3,300 monkey skeletons.
 Oh, OK.
 You mean the dead monkeys?
 The dead monkeys.
 Well, yeah, obviously, they're the dead monkeys.
 But what they didn't do is bring in the monkeys
 and say, what would they like around them?
 What kind of furnishings can we add?
 Like in a fish tank, you know, on a skull, off to the skull.
 You never have a dead fish in a fish tank.
 You never have a giant dead fish swimming in an bathtub.
 But it is creepy.
 OK, so the question is, why did they not
 take away the skeletons or bury them or whatever?
 And I guess, well, they still need them to study them
 as in such a long-running research center now
 that you can study generations going back,
 and you can obviously study the bones of the monkeys
 that lived there before.
 But I think it would be creepy if they had a cool mausoleum
 full of all the monkey skeletons.
 But they don't have that.
 No, it depends.
 I don't think mausoleum makers are allowed on the island.
 I don't think that research project's going to get funding.
 But that's a good scene for the "Dampier Monkey" movie,
 where that's where the treasure's buried.
 It's like at the Goonies, you know, the cave.
 Oh, yeah.
 Wow.
 So anyway, some food for thought.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Obviously, these sick tattoos that the monkeys have,
 Einstein with his tongue out on his bicep.
 They do-- I mean, it is a really important island,
 because they do discover stuff.
 We haven't just done monkeys there and sort of forgotten
 about it.
 And I think it's sort of like a rite of passage
 if you're a monkey researcher.
 I reckon if you said to your monkey researcher mates,
 hey, I'm doing a Chiosantiago research project,
 you'd be the coolest kid in town.
 So some stuff they've discovered recently
 is that after any kind of trauma,
 scientists now think that we probably
 age by, apparently, up to eight years.
 And this is based on--
 Oh, my god.
 It's a spurious link.
 But that's what scientists do.
 This is based on Hurricane Maria, that awful hurricane
 in 2017.
 It killed a lot of people in Puerto Rico.
 Didn't kill any of the monkeys, but totally
 destroyed the island.
 So all the trees were blown down.
 There's no shade.
 The average temperature on the island
 rose by eight degrees.
 Oh, wow.
 Rough.
 Because they take blood from the monkeys all the time
 for scientific reasons.
 They had the samples before that they
 could compare to the samples afterwards.
 And they looked at, like, lots of markers in the blood,
 and the immune system, and the proteins.
 And they found they showed signs of aging by about two years
 just from that hurricane.
 Wow.
 Because there was a stress about it.
 What in humans live much longer?
 So they've sort of extrapolated.
 Inhuman years, apparently.
 OK.
 Yeah.
 There's another monkey island, which is in Liberia,
 which is a bit sad, because it was a monkey island that
 didn't have any natural resources.
 So the monkeys there had to be fed daily
 by the researchers.
 So they would bring bananas over every single day.
 But then in the 1990s, there was the war.
 And as a result, the research unit fled.
 And these monkeys were just left on their own.
 And so they had no one to feed them except one guy called
 Joseph Thomas, who, for the last 40 years,
 has been going twice a day to this island with bananas
 and feeding these beautiful monkeys who come into the water
 to him.
 And he knows them by names, like Mabel and so on.
 Mabel, Edith, Prudence, Aggie, you know, and all the life.
 Very funny.
 Did you hear how Joseph Thomas was recruited for the job?
 I don't think so.
 So this was in the '70s.
 And this was another research island.
 It was set up by a woman called Betsy Brotman.
 And she was trying to find a vaccine for Hep B.
 And she actually did come away with a vaccine for Hep B,
 although she's since said it's a vaccine for Hep B.
 And she actually did come away with a vaccine for Hep B.
 Although she's since said it's actually
 a bad idea to test on animals.
 But at the time, she set this research
 island up in the '70s.
 And I think it was her who recruited Joseph Thomas,
 because she went to him and said,
 I really want to learn to play tennis.
 You're good at tennis.
 I also need someone to help me on my monkey research.
 And they made a deal where if he taught her tennis,
 he would work on her monkey research.
 Now, I know that now.
 He's on the very one-sided exchange.
 I tell you what, we'll do a deal.
 If you do all this work, I'll also
 let you do all this work.
 It was basically that.
 You know, there is an island where
 you've got lots of potential tennis partners you can go to.
 Monkey tennis, anyone?
 I've been to a monkey temple in, what was it, in Nepal.
 And that's another place where there's just monkeys everywhere.
 They're just kind of running around and stuff.
 And when I was there, you have to keep hold of your stuff
 all the time, because I saw a monkey stealing someone's
 mobile phone and their bag.
 And then running to the top of a huge building.
 And then the guys who were kind of in charge
 had to come with a big stick and prop him.
 And then someone climbed up to get the mobile phone and stuff.
 Do you know, this is something Ethan, our fellow researcher,
 told me yesterday that they know that mobile phones are
 more valuable than, let's say, something less valuable.
 I don't know if they know an iPhone is more valuable than a Nokia.
 But they did a study at another monkey temple.
 Do you think you'd be completely safe if you went there, Anna?
 Because your phone was made in 1983.
 I've got nothing desirable for the monkeys.
 You actually wouldn't recognize your phone as a phone.
 They did this amazing study over-- so they
 filmed monkeys for 270 days in Bali at this one temple.
 And they realized that when monkeys take something off you,
 they negotiate with you for food in exchange for it.
 So they take your phone, and then if you give them two bananas,
 they give it back, whatever.
 And by watching them, they realized
 that the higher the value of the item, if they're still
 on a phone rather than a camera case,
 then they'll barter for more bananas.
 Wow.
 That's really clever.
 It's really good, isn't it?
 That's incredible.
 Terrifying.
 Have you guys heard of Snake Island?
 Oh, yeah.
 Where is that?
 It's off the coast of Brazil.
 And it's called Ilha da Queimada Grande.
 And it's completely dominated by a special kind of snake,
 a special kind of snake, a particular kind of snake.
 They're golden lancehead pit vipers.
 Oh, gosh.
 They sound scary and dangerous, maybe.
 They are dangerous.
 They're venomous.
 Their venom melts the flesh that they bite into.
 And they evolved venom to incapacitate and kill
 the seabirds that land on the island.
 They are not nice snakes.
 They can climb trees, which helps them
 to eat the birds that they love to feed on.
 And on this island, there is about one snake per square meter.
 Wow.
 What?
 So you--
 Yeah.
 Oh, my god.
 A lot of them will be in the same square meter, though,
 right?
 Yeah.
 Yeah, yeah, that's true.
 Even so.
 It's not one every square meter, but nonetheless.
 They're not perfectly arranged like on a chess board.
 They're playing with huge island wide gamers, snakes,
 and ladders.
 Yeah, yeah, it's very hard to win.
 It just sounds completely terrifying.
 Why would you stay there if you were a bird?
 Mike, Mike Wright, what are you doing?
 I don't think they're reading TripAdvisor.
 I think, you know, I'll risk it.
 Like, they're just flying and they end up there.
 Yeah, but get back.
 Tell the others.
 I've been to a rabbit island.
 Have you?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Near Hiroshima, it's like just an island full of rabbits.
 Wow.
 It's not a research island.
 There's just loads of rabbits there.
 In Sydney, where I live, we used to have a rabbit problem
 down in the northern reaches Palm Beach
 and used to drive down at night.
 And you'd put the headlights on of the car at high beam
 and you would just see what were in the daytime empty fields
 just packed like they're at Glastonbury watching.
 It's really, honestly, it's quite scary
 because you walk down the street in this Japanese island
 and the rabbits just follow you because they
 used to be in fed by tourists.
 Oh, no.
 And so you sort of turn around and there's 20 rabbits behind you
 and you kind of walk a bit faster
 and you turn around and there's 30 rabbits behind you.
 That's really scary.
 That is a good horror film.
 What STI did you get up there?
 [LAUGHTER]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 OK, it is time for fact number three, and that is James.
 OK, my fact this week is that in 14th century Italy,
 if you wanted to insult a nearby city,
 you would send all your prostitutes
 to take part in a running race around their walls.
 I didn't have any prostitutes.
 Well, you've just been in a war, probably, with that city.
 You probably picked up a few on the way, is the truth.
 You didn't know I was into that.
 So I saw this in a book called Running Through the Ages
 by Edward Sears, and we're talking so Middle Ages Italy.
 You've got loads of different areas
 owned by different peoples.
 You've got Papal States, you've got Sicily,
 but then you've got places like Florence, Pisa, Siena, Luca,
 Milan, Genoa, all those kind of city states, you would say.
 And from around the 13th century, for about 400 years,
 we seem to have this really odd tradition
 of whenever you're battling with another city,
 or you've beaten them and you want to celebrate that,
 or you just want to stick it to them,
 you would have a running race around their town.
 And it's so weird.
 And there were lots of different versions of this,
 but one of the biggest insults was
 you would get a load of mules or donkeys,
 and then you would get all your sex workers,
 either from your city or ones that you picked up
 through the war, and you would just get them to race around.
 - Yeah, it did sound a bit like, 'cause armies,
 as you say, they would gather the sex workers
 and they would bring them along for the battles even.
 You know, if the armies were facing off,
 they would have them do races sort of in the front.
 And they said, that's why they're here, darling.
 - That's why we brought them for the racing.
 - Do you think this is all fake news?
 - I do. - This isn't happening at all.
 The wives turned up to surprise their husbands one day.
 - We came for the races.
 - Shit.
 - The point of it, as far as I can tell,
 is that it was a big collective screw you
 to the other city that you're--
 - That's it.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 And so they would do loads of different things.
 So one of the things they did,
 they would gather outside the city,
 so you gathered outside the opposing city state,
 then you would find the oldest tree in the area,
 and you cut it down, which is a symbolic castration,
 apparently, I know.
 And then they put the tree on a wagon
 and wheel it up to the city,
 like just really up close, like look,
 that was your tree.
 - Look, this is your penis.
 - Yeah, exactly, yeah.
 And then they would go to the stump of the tree,
 and they would start minting coins on the stump.
 - What?
 - I know, this is completely--
 - But the base of your castrated penis.
 - We're gonna make coins.
 And then basically, what they were saying was,
 we're gonna change the currency that you operate in.
 We're minting coins.
 Some of the coins would, I think, depict
 a picture of someone minting a coin on your tree.
 Yeah, but it was this whole--
 - I think they'd show them being vanquished, wouldn't they?
 Or they'd show humiliating scenes
 for the enemy, these coins.
 But the tree thing does imply
 that there's a lot of explaining to do
 when you show them the tree in the city.
 There you have to say, "This is your oldest tree, guys."
 They go, "Oh, is it? Okay."
 - We couldn't tell which was your oldest tree.
 We counted the rings.
 We think it's pretty old.
 It's, I mean, it was your tallest tree,
 but that might have been a different breed.
 Actually, that was, "Shut up, shut up!"
 - And then one of them says, "Okay, so."
 And then you have to say, "No, but metaphorically,
 "it represents us castracing you."
 I don't know how upset you're gonna be.
 This is starving.
 - Also, are you yelling to the top of the guys on the wall?
 It's a hell of a complicated conversation.
 - We're sending messages on paper aeroplanes over the wall.
 - Look, forget the penis thing.
 We're talking about the coins now.
 It doesn't matter about the penis thing, all right?
 Move on.
 - All right, raise the prostitutes.
 - Yeah, release the prostitute.
 - Well, the thing with the prostitutes
 is it was slightly more literal
 in that they would often race around land in the city even,
 and so that you're basically saying,
 "We can do what we want around here."
 You know what, you think that you own this place,
 we can run our prostitutes through, yeah.
 - I read an account of the prostitute races
 not being just for when you're sieging and at battle.
 You would do it in generally around town.
 So like, there would be kings who would use them
 to do it as a display,
 just to show a sort of minority of society
 doing something a bit derogatory.
 - Humiliating.
 - Yeah, just to sort of push the point of like,
 "I'm the king and I'm running this place."
 And what's interesting about it is,
 so there was one that was done
 where the race would end up at St. Peter's Square.
 - Well, Rome.
 - Yeah, and so it was done there.
 This is in the 1500s.
 - You don't get that these days.
 I don't know if you've been to St. Peter's Square, but.
 - The Pope is not gonna like that.
 - So this is 1503 and it wasn't just prostitutes
 who were part of the race.
 It was, you know, elderly people were in it,
 children were in it as well.
 They would all be naked,
 but the prostitutes would be wearing underwear.
 It's very odd.
 - Underwear, very racy in those days,
 wasn't it, underwear, I think.
 - More racy than having your genitals hanging out.
 - I believe because a lot of people
 didn't really wear underwear.
 I'm going off memory here,
 but a lot of people didn't wear underwear.
 But prostitutes would wear them
 because it's, you know, a nice bit of,
 ooh, look what might be in there.
 - Scantily cladded saucier than nude, you know.
 - Yeah.
 - It depends on context.
 - It does, but you know, Adam and Eve,
 just innocent, pure, first people alive.
 Adam and Eve wearing a kind of,
 it's kind of thongs made of leaves.
 - Suddenly sexy.
 - Yeah.
 - And that was the problem.
 - Yeah.
 - Yeah.
 - Using the snake as a garser.
 - Yeah.
 - That's a sexy thing now.
 - Well, it depends if it's one of those pit vipers.
 (laughing)
 - Yeah, Adam and Eve.
 - Fiction melty.
 (laughing)
 - So they weren't even hot.
 They were just naked.
 Or even half-naked.
 'Cause they were,
 people do seem to be described as half-naked a lot.
 - Yeah.
 - Doing it.
 - Sometimes.
 - And it's all too,
 it's all just about insulting and humiliating, isn't it?
 And I would quite an interesting description
 of why this was so common in Italy,
 these taunting.
 And it's because obviously Italy wasn't Italy,
 the country until extremely recently.
 It was just loads of city-states.
 And so warfare was quite different to a lot of other places
 because it was just city-states against each other.
 So it wouldn't be there's like lots of action
 on these big battlefields and seizing lots of territory.
 It was pretty much just sitting there besieging a city.
 So you just start doing nothing for months on end.
 So you had to think of other things to do
 to make them feel bad.
 - Like a sports day.
 - It's a sports day.
 (laughing)
 - Egg and a spin race.
 Bring out the prostitutes.
 - They should do a sack race.
 'Cause you're trying to sack the city.
 - Yeah, nice.
 - That's where it comes from.
 - That feels like a trick you play as a besieged city.
 Persuade them all to climb into sacks.
 - Oh right.
 Was that the original Trojan horse?
 - That's the Trojan sack.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - It's 5,000 sacks.
 - Then left out the front.
 (laughing)
 The other really interesting thing in the source
 that you sent around, James, was about the ripples.
 - Oh, yeah, yeah.
 - So I didn't know if you get,
 like the word rippled that we used today.
 So rippled is in, you know, like rude and raunchy.
 A bit of a rippled joke.
 Rippleds back then were people in,
 like low people in the army, seems like.
 And they would do these races with the prostitutes.
 Or I think they were sort of pimps as well sometimes.
 So they were, I guess, tasked
 with sourcing the prostitutes sometimes.
 And they seemed to do kind of all the low stuff
 that other people, like the knights, wouldn't want to do.
 So they would have to drop their pants in front of the enemy
 and shout swear words.
 - Well, it's very hard to drop a suit of armor.
 (laughing)
 - It's like Dongarees, you have to do it all over the shoulders.
 It's so annoying going to a loo.
 - So they'd shout swear words at the enemy
 and they would, they'd scale up the walls.
 The responsibility was scaling up the walls
 because they didn't really get given many good weapons.
 And the pillaging, a lot of the pillaging,
 which is a bit un-gentlemanly,
 the rippleds would do that.
 - They were kind of like your first,
 they were like cannon fodder slash first line of attack,
 right? - Yeah, yeah.
 - But yeah, really interesting.
 I did find it really interesting
 that they would be the pillaging
 because the knights couldn't really pillage
 'cause you were a knight.
 So you couldn't really do any of that stuff
 or they could go in and they'd grab a load of stuff
 and then just gamble it away, wouldn't they?
 - Yeah, which I'm surprised
 because I think what it smoothed over,
 'cause I know that knights returned from warfare
 with a lot of stuff that they'd stolen,
 I reckon they had a sharp word with the rippleds
 after they'd done the pillaging and said,
 "All right, hand some of that over."
 - Right? - I'm sure you're right.
 - Surely. - Yeah.
 - The rippleds were nicknamed the Knights of Shit.
 (all laugh)
 They were just, yeah, they're just absolute base grunts
 in the army, yeah.
 - Knights of Shit. - Darling, I've got a job.
 I'm a knight, is it?
 (all laugh)
 I'm a knight.
 - You definitely put the end of that in your business card.
 The word knight will be very big.
 (all laugh)
 The Yipang Palace is in China,
 and there would be people, soldiers in armor,
 who would kind of besieging the palace,
 and the people inside the palace would taunt them.
 Why do you think they might do that?
 To come towards the gates?
 - Is it because they're taunting them
 to get to the point
 where they pour the boiling oil on their heads?
 - It's close to that, actually.
 - Okay. - It's quite close.
 - So the people inside are taunting the besieging
 forces of the palace. - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - But it is getting them close, right?
 Okay, so it's either gonna be like spikes
 come up through the ground,
 or they're gonna then say, "Ha ha,
 the tree's actually that way.
 You've got miles to run."
 (all laugh)
 - That's good.
 - They're wearing iron armor.
 Oh, it's a magnet.
 - It's a magnet. - What?
 - The gate. - What?
 - I kind of thought that was a joke.
 - The gate. - What?
 - Is a magnet. - Oh, no!
 - No, not strong enough to what, suck the meat.
 (all laugh)
 - This is what the stories of the times say,
 that their gates were made of lodestone,
 which attracted iron,
 and so whenever the soldiers came near it,
 they would kind of be all over the place.
 They couldn't move properly and stuff like that.
 And so the people in the palace would go,
 "Ah, fuck you.
 You can't even come close, can you?"
 - God, so could you wake up in the morning one day,
 go outside your castle? - You just stuck on there.
 - Yeah, and a nighttime commando army
 who tried to take over and just plastered around the corner.
 - Every morning you just scraped the nights off the door.
 - Yeah.
 - It's not sticking them directly to it,
 which was actually your comedic version of that.
 Actually, it just makes it more difficult
 for them to run around.
 - Oh, wow, would it feel a bit soupy?
 - That's a suggestion.
 I mean, this actually happened.
 - Well, no, not here when you put two pencil rubbers
 and you face them as like a weird force in between.
 - But there's no way this Chinese propagandist
 who was making this up about a thousand years ago or whatever,
 there's no way they actually had magnets strong enough
 that an entire army starts crumbling.
 - I gotta say, I didn't think
 that the loadstone was a real thing.
 - Well, you can get magnetic magnetites, for instance.
 What Chinese people would call loadstone
 in these accounts, we think probably was magnetite.
 - Okay.
 - But it's interesting, then, if that came out
 as a rumor of being truth,
 because then if you were approaching the castle
 and you had your armor on, you might take it off,
 thinking I don't want to get sucked up all the walls.
 - You'd start just feeling a bit awkward
 about whatever you were doing.
 You know, when you can't move anything right,
 you know, just 'cause you're feeling embarrassed.
 You'd start thinking, oh, well, this is probably
 the magnetite making me move awkwardly.
 - Like placebo. - And then move more awkwardly.
 - What?
 - Like a placebo effect. - Like a no-cebo.
 - Yeah, like a no-cebo. - Like a no-cebo.
 - Although I do like Dan's version better,
 which is you're worried about it,
 you take your armor off and then you just get attached.
 That's clever.
 - Oh, you must have read that story,
 but if anyone didn't read that story
 a few weeks ago at Hadrian's Wall,
 it was one of my favorite news stories in years.
 Please look it up, 'cause you need to see the visuals,
 but basically, archeologists were digging around
 at Hadrian's Wall recently,
 and they found this volunteer, actually,
 volunteer-retired biochemist called Dylan Herbert
 found a 40-centimeter-wide sort of block of stone
 with an engraving on it, which is a flawless cock and balls.
 Like, it looks stunning.
 The best a 12-year-old boy could master.
 And underneath it, it has the word secondenous cacor,
 which is like slang, secondenous the shitter,
 just perfectly written there, 1700 years old.
 And that's there, secondenous, that's how he's remembered.
 And the BBC article reported that the experts
 who uncovered this believe the phallic image
 alongside the quote adds to the force
 of the written insults.
 - Undoubtedly, imagine that secondenous,
 like, we don't know anything about this person, right?
 - We know one thing.
 - That is the most successful bit of insulting in history.
 - That's the dream of when you insult someone.
 - That's great.
 - Poor guy.
 The guy, actually, the guy who found it,
 sorry, it sounds so fun finding it as well.
 This old guy said, "Only when I removed the mud
 "did I realize the full extent of what I'd uncovered."
 And I was absolutely delighted.
 (all laughing)
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show.
 And that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that a member
 of the Romanov royal family, Prince Rostislav Romanov,
 lives in Hastings as a painter.
 His friend and wife refer to him
 as the artist formerly known as Prince.
 - Brilliant.
 - That's very funny.
 - It's a wonderful little gag.
 - It doesn't work, does it?
 'Cause he's not been a prince.
 - Well, he--
 - The Romanovs were gone a long time
 before he was born, I'm guessing.
 - Yeah, but they were, absolutely.
 But he and they still are trying to sort of suggest
 that maybe one day they can return
 to their keeping the titles and they keep it alive.
 - Okay, so is he technically a prince?
 Does he call himself, does he style himself as a prince?
 - Yeah, he does.
 I think he does interviews as a prince.
 He talks about the royal family in exile.
 They have as part of the Romanov surviving family ahead
 who would be the heir apparent to any return
 that would be made of the family.
 So yeah, I would say he is a prince.
 So he was born overseas from Russia.
 All of the Romanov family had to leave.
 And as a result, none of them have ever lived within Russia.
 Apart from the ones who were brutally murdered
 by the Bolsheviks, of course.
 - Yeah, they're still there.
 - It's still leaving, isn't it?
 (all laughing)
 - Nowadays, he finds himself living in Hastings
 where he is an artist.
 You can go on his Instagram account.
 I like his art actually, it's pretty fun.
 - Oh yeah.
 - And yeah, and he does interviews occasionally
 to talk about his relationship with the family
 and what's gonna happen one day
 and how they might return and so on.
 - Is he plotting a comeback?
 It's worth a try.
 - I would say it's actually not worth a try.
 - I have to say, I would not be wanting
 to invade Russia right now, I don't think.
 As an artist living in Hastings, I wouldn't back my chances.
 - Well, here's the thing.
 There are attempts occasionally
 to bring them back into power.
 So we were just talking about monkey islands.
 Someone actually tried to set up a Romanov island.
 And this was the Pacific Island of Kiribati.
 And the idea was that they wanted to take over this island,
 turn it into a sort of a resort.
 But they said, could we revitalize the royal family
 and have them rule over here?
 - So they tried to have monkey island.
 - It was a Russian MP.
 Yeah, he was called Anton Bakov.
 And he, it was quite critical of the Putin government.
 - And Putin said, "Bakov."
 (all laughing)
 - Yeah, and he wanted three islands.
 They were uninhabited.
 So they would have been a great place
 to kickstart the whole Romanov dynasty again.
 And the islands were called Molden,
 Starbucks and Millennium.
 - Starbucks.
 - I know.
 I don't know why.
 - I mean--
 - No big thing or the restaurant chain.
 - You would think Moby Dick thing.
 - And also, can we just pick up on Anna
 calling Starbucks a restaurant chain?
 (all laughing)
 Says a lot about your standards.
 Oh, Anna's taken me to a restaurant tonight.
 Oh, great, I wonder which one.
 - Just seven coffees for dinner.
 - Yeah.
 - Do they have?
 - No, he wanted to make kind of a micro nation.
 But I think the Kiribati government refused.
 They said, "Our sovereignty is not for sale."
 - Well, he was also talking to the Gambia
 and apparently had support of Yaya Jame,
 who was in charge of Gambia at the time.
 And that was to construct some artificial islands
 off the coast of the Gambia.
 - Do we know what his plan is after?
 I see that that bit is easy enough.
 You go to a tiny island where no one lives
 and you declare yourself a czar.
 How are you gonna then go from there--
 - It's a stepping stone.
 - To ruling Russia.
 - It's a stepping stone.
 You've gotta have a base.
 I would argue that perhaps his long-term,
 might not even be to take over Russia,
 is just to have the Romanov Empire back.
 - Oh, it's a bit sad.
 I imagine if you called back the Romanos
 and showed them some crappy little rock in the Pacific
 and said, "This is what your empire is."
 - He also bought some land
 beside the Vatican in Montenegro.
 So he's trying it in loads of different countries.
 - Nice.
 I like that.
 It's like risk, you know?
 You just plot yourself and it looks like
 nothing's going on and then suddenly
 a couple of moves and you've taken over the world.
 - I don't believe you ever won a game of risk.
 (all laughing)
 - Dan is playing risk control and negotiating
 for three uninhabited islands in Kyrgyzstan.
 (all laughing)
 - Yeah, Prince Philip, linked to the Romanovs.
 - Yeah.
 - In fact, so linked to the Romanovs
 because when his parents got married,
 Tsar Nicholas II, the last Tsar of Russia,
 was at the wedding and his great aunt Ella became a nun.
 Prince Philip's great aunt Ella became a nun
 and after her death, became a saint.
 And they were always rather proud
 that they had a saint in the family.
 I think it's fair enough.
 - Yeah, do we know what were her miracles?
 - Saintly moves.
 I don't know what her miracles were.
 No, no, no.
 That's all I know.
 - But Philip was used recently, wasn't he?
 Just before his death for a blood sample
 to confirm the identity of what was it?
 - Yes, it was, bones of the Romanovs were contested
 and the scientists were trying to work out
 whether they really were the Romanovs family.
 - So they were in Katerinburg
 and they were attacked by the Bolsheviks
 and they killed all of this family,
 but there was two of them who were supposedly breathing
 when they took the bodies away
 and there's a suggestion that those two had escaped.
 Now, when they found the bodies,
 they found all of them apart from these two bodies
 and they tested them and they realized
 they were the Romanovs,
 so that kind of gave fire to the conspiracy theory,
 but then they found another two bodies nearby
 and that's the recent test that they did
 and they found that they were related to the Romanovs.
 - 'Cause one of the supposed princesses lived
 for many decades, didn't she?
 And always insisted that she was the surviving daughter.
 - Oh, there was a home.
 - Anastasia.
 - Yeah, you don't want the kids' film.
 - I actually didn't know about that film,
 but Anastasia was one of these two people
 and there was a hugs of someone called Anna Anderson
 who claimed to be her.
 - Yeah, that's who I'm thinking.
 - And she got really famous, I think.
 - Yeah, but it turned out she wasn't.
 - No.
 - Right.
 - It is strange being descended from defunct royalty,
 isn't it?
 It's a very, very strange life.
 I was, there was an Oscar in Newsweek
 saying that London is actually the hot destination
 for most, as heaving is all worth.
 - Throw a brick.
 - Well, I guess it's because they're like,
 we haven't retained a royal family.
 - Most of the other countries sort of haven't.
 - And it's also one of the really flashy royal families.
 I think British people don't appreciate
 how high investment the British royal family is compared
 with the other European royal families.
 - Oh my God, they're so humble, yeah.
 They've got a little cottage.
 - But there are only about half a dozen monarchies
 left in Europe, I think.
 And the British one is the sort of biggest ticket one.
 - It's a biggie.
 - Yeah, it's a biggie.
 - And people have been coming here
 since people started opposing royal families.
 Obviously, it became very trendy
 from like pre-Second World War
 and then under communism, of course,
 in Eastern Europe, they didn't love having the kings
 and queens there.
 I think King Zog of Albania was stationed at the Ritz
 for a long time after he was forced into exile.
 - Speaking of Zog, there is a crown prince
 of the Albanians today.
 That is Lika Anwar, Zog Reza Badawin, Mziziwe Zogu.
 And this is the person that should the Albanian royal family
 ever come back, he will take over.
 It's quite a good name, isn't it?
 - Obviously, him turning up at customs, basically,
 and opening his passport and then opening
 the next wing of his passport.
 (all laughing)
 - Do you think he has a concertina thing that folds up?
 - He has to wind it all.
 - A tiny little trumpet.
 (all laughing)
 - But it's really interesting because Anwar,
 part of his name, is named after Anwar Sabat.
 - Egypt.
 - Yeah, and Reza is named after Muhammad Reza Pahlavi,
 who was the last Shah of Iran.
 - In Iran, yeah.
 - And so he's basically taken all of these names
 from all the different deposed people
 and then put them into his name.
 - Wow, like he has to be his parents have.
 He basically lives in Tehran or anyway,
 capital of Albania, and he has a little royal residence.
 It's quite a nice house, but it's not a mansion,
 it's not a palace.
 And when he opens his gate, he has a little yard there,
 and inside the yard, it's all the unwanted statues
 from the last, you know, 100 years
 that they got rid of when communism fell.
 So there's like a statue of Hodja
 and a statue of Lenin and Stalin
 and stuff like that.
 It's funny that he's got them as the King Monkei.
 - Well, they're like, who's gonna want these?
 And they look at his name and they're like,
 oh, he'll want them.
 - But it's kind of, that's kind of sad, isn't it?
 'Cause in a way, he's the final statue.
 You know, he's sort of purposeless.
 - One day he'll just walk through the garden and freeze,
 won't he?
 - Oh my God.
 - Oh my God.
 - That's a nice fairy tale.
 - That's really good.
 - Yeah, I really like, do you know
 of Princess Kamatari of Burundi?
 So she moved to France in the 1970s,
 and she did this because her father
 was assassinated and then the King of Burundi
 was assassinated in 1972.
 So she fled, she went to France,
 where she became the first ever black supermodel in France.
 - Oh, really?
 - And there might have been others,
 but she was really the first one
 who was going on the front of magazines.
 - Super famous, yeah.
 - Yeah, and so on.
 And she says that obviously it was her connection
 to the royal family that got her the gig,
 because the magazines at the time
 were basically only putting on blonde hair,
 blue eye models, but she was brought on as a princess.
 So she said, you know, I could have been black or blue
 or a crocodile, they would have put me on
 because I was a princess.
 And then people thought she was so beautiful
 that she became an actual model.
 So she did that for years and years and years,
 but then she moved back to Burundi
 because she thought, you know what,
 I'm gonna run for president.
 So she set up a big campaign
 where she was gonna try and become
 president of the country.
 And I love that one of her priorities
 as the presidential candidate was
 to bring back the monarchy.
 (laughing)
 - That was like a pretty bit.
 - Well, that's good if you're open about it, I think.
 - Yeah.
 - Yeah, so if you're obviously campaigning for it.
 - I was just wondering what the weirdest fate
 of a descendant was.
 And I was reading about the daughter
 of Romanian King Michael I,
 who had to abdicate in 1947.
 She's called Irina Walker.
 And in 2014, she was done for staging cockfights.
 - Really?
 - That's her life now, yeah.
 - Oh my God.
 - So when you say staging, you've just been putting them on.
 You don't mean like fixing them.
 - No, but I think they're very often fixed.
 - Yeah, but that's another level of illegality.
 It's not only when you do the cock fight.
 (laughing)
 - It wasn't even fair.
 - She's very successful at it, it sounded like.
 She used to charge spectators $20 each.
 She lives in Oregon.
 She lives in Irrigan, in Oregon.
 - Brilliant, stop it.
 - Good stuff.
 - And what's her name, Irina?
 - Irina, Irina in Irrigan, in Oregon.
 (laughing)
 And yeah, she charges people to watch Rooster's fight
 with knives attached to their legs.
 - Oh my goodness.
 - And the winners would get up to 18 grand.
 - The Greek royal family, they were abolished in 1974.
 So they were exiled overseas.
 And one of the princes, Prince Nicolaus of Greece,
 was discovered in 1995,
 working under a pseudonym as a production assistant
 for Fox News.
 - Really?
 - The channel.
 And yeah, so he'd been working there
 as this production assistant.
 And the only reason he was outed is because they were doing
 a story about his brother, Prince Nicolaus' brother,
 getting married, and they saw their standing
 as one of the groomsmen, their production assistant.
 - That's amazing.
 - They were like, "What are you doing here?"
 - Oh my God, that's incredible.
 - Yeah.
 - I was reading about Crown Prince Otto,
 of the Austro-Hungarian emperor.
 He would've been the Crown Prince of it.
 - Okay, is he current, is he alive?
 - No, he died in 2011.
 At the edge of it, I think about '99.
 It was really at old when he died.
 So the Austro-Hungarian emperor was dissolved
 when he was, I think, about seven years old.
 But he was officially the King of Hungary in Bohemia,
 Grand Prince of Transylvania.
 - That's a good one.
 - It is a pretty good one.
 His name was Franz Josef Otto Robert,
 Maria Anton Karl Max, Heinrich Sixtus Xavier,
 Felix Renatis Ludwig, Guy N. Pius Ignatius.
 - Was his dad Jacob Riesemann?
 Can I just say Maria in there is a weird one, isn't it?
 - This is, I noticed that.
 I think I didn't read the full thing when I was,
 I just can't be pasted in, when you're reading it out.
 It's like, what? - It gives me a surprise
 to me.
 There's their excuse as well.
 - Also, I didn't fully read this one, were you?
 - But also he had Karl Max in his name.
 - Karl Max?
 - Really?
 - Yeah, yeah.
 But he, so he was, you know, seven years old,
 the empire is dissolved,
 which he's the crown prince of technically.
 So, and he had to kind of rebuild his life.
 And he, you know, he learned seven languages.
 He became an MEP, which I find interesting.
 - Really?
 - God, that was a fool from grace, isn't it?
 You're gonna be prince of an MEP.
 - That's a big ballot as well, isn't it?
 - Yeah.
 - When you've got all of his name on.
 (laughing)
 - He actually got the votes
 of about 17 different candidates.
 They thought they were very different people.
 - I'm gonna vote for Maria.
 (laughing)
 - And I love this bit of his history and his life.
 So he had really interesting life.
 He helped organize the Pan-European Picnic of 1989,
 which is a little-known bit of the end of the Cold War.
 And it was on the border between Austria and Hungary.
 So you've got, you know,
 Free Market West on one side
 and Communists on the other in the East.
 And thousands of people came and sort of gathered there
 to have a kind of cross-border picnic, as it were.
 And then actually 600 East Germans just moved into Austria.
 They just sort of fled across the boundary.
 - Like during the picnic kind of thing.
 Like can I borrow your ketchup?
 Oh, I'm here now.
 (laughing)
 - Oh, sorry, I was just running away from my wasp.
 Yeah, yeah, they're coming.
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, that's it.
 That's all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that were said
 over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sribeland, Andy.
 - @Andrewhunterm.
 - James. - @JamesHarken.
 - And Anna.
 - You can see my podcast at qi.com.
 - Yep, or you can go to our group account,
 which is @NoSuchThing or our website,
 nosuchthingasafish.com.
 All of the previous episodes are sitting up there
 waiting to be listened to.
 We've also got links to the final leg
 of our nerd immunity tour up there.
 Go see if we're coming to a city near you.
 And if we are, come along.
 It's an awesome night and we'd love to see you.
 Otherwise, come back next week.
 We'll be back, another episode.
 We'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
