 Hi everyone, James here. Now, before we start this week's show, I just want to tell you one
 little thing about it, and that is that it was actually recorded quite a long time ago,
 all the way back in February, in fact. And the reason I want to tell you that is because,
 first of all, it's obviously in the office and we're all still in our homes at the moment.
 And also because there'll be a few things that we might say in there that might really,
 perhaps, give away that we didn't record it this week, for instance. I do talk about Jasper
 Carrot for a while, and that probably would have been a dated reference any time that we'd
 said it in the last five years. But hey, when you listen, you'll get the idea. So enjoy the show
 and just marvel about how young we all sounded back in February. Okay, on with the podcast.
 [Music]
 Hello, and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming to
 you from the QI offices in Covent Garden. My name is Dan Schreiber. I'm sitting here with James
 Harkin, Andrew Hunter Murray, and Anna Chazinski. And once again, we have gathered around the
 microphones with our four favorite facts from the last seven days. And in no particular order,
 here we go. Starting with you, Anna. My fact this week is that in the 18th century, women
 expressed their political beliefs by wearing decorative stickers on their faces. Wow. That's
 cool. What kind of stickers did they say, like, vote labor or? Yeah, screw you, Boris. I just
 rolled all over their forehead. Very prescient of them. Women have amazing foresight.
 And full heads. Sticker, huh? No, this one's so facial stickers were this huge fashion for about
 sort of 200 years. And about the turn of the 18th century, they suddenly became political.
 And so there was one commentator, for instance, who said that he went to the opera and he saw
 two parties of very fine women, as he said, arranged in battle formation against each other.
 And he said, one group was wearing patches and stickers on the left side of their foreheads
 and the other on the right. It became apparent they were wig supporters and Tory supporters.
 And I looked into this and this was a thing. So it wasn't the stickers were just like little,
 like beauty spots or something, but it was where you wore them that was important. Is that it?
 Yes, that seems to be it. Yes. So they started off as for decoration, but it got to the extent
 that there were some marriage contracts where women would insist before they married their husband
 that regardless of the husband's political opinions, the wife should be able to patch as she pleased.
 And so you would have one or two things, but did it get to the point where people,
 you know, when you see full face tattoos, did you ever see people just completely?
 You would see not completely the full face, but you might see lots of these like fake beauty spots.
 And you could supposedly identify prostitutes because their faces had so many of these patches
 on them. Was that a sign of being sexy, though, having lots of stickers?
 Well, having one sticker was supposed to be. And the reason is supposedly Venus,
 the goddess of beauty, she had one mole on her face. And it was by that one imperfection
 that you could see how beautiful the rest of her face was. And the idea was that they were kind
 of copying that. And by having like one little beauty spot, it would show the paleness of your
 skin, perhaps, or, you know, show off the rest of your skin. So if you have lots and lots of
 stickers, that means you're really, really beautiful because you've got you need so many
 imperfections to disguise how fit you are. You wouldn't believe what I look like without
 these stickers on, because I look really nice. It could have been that you are covering the
 symptoms of STDs. It's a real gamble. So sorry, I didn't think that we had glue sticker technology
 in the, when is this, 18th century? We had glue. Sure. Okay. Were they kind of fuzzy felt
 stickers, that kind of thing? I actually don't think we had fuzzy felt. They would be made of
 various things. So they could be made of silk or taffeta or leather sometimes. And then they'd
 have mouth fur, apparently. Mouth fur? On your tongue? No. I suddenly developed a lisp.
 It sounded like mouse from where I was sat, but. Okay. Oh, mouse fur. Okay. I heard mouth as well.
 Okay. Right in and tell us what you heard. So, and then they'd have on the back, often a surface
 that you could lick. So women tended to take them out of their handbags and lick them to attach
 them to their face. So you get very thin paper that does that. Well, they had adhesive. So they'd
 just stick it on with some glue. Yeah. But sometimes the adhesive wasn't so great. So there was an
 article in the spectator that spoke about a woman who had a beauty spot on her forehead, but by the
 end of the evening, it had gone to her chin. They got more and more elaborate as well, didn't they?
 Is it caught on? So I think it started in France and the French called them moosh, which is for
 flies because they look like little flies landing on your face. But yeah, they expanded to be weird
 shapes. So by the end of the 18th century, you'd have them cut into stars or sort of moons or
 crown shapes or any shape you wanted, really. You still get those, don't you? On small children.
 Adults who like a bit of fun. Yeah. Why are you wearing that with the puppy dog on the middle
 of your forehead? I was so considering doing it this morning by bottling out of it. But yeah,
 no, you do get them like little kind of, I don't know, stars and yeah, I've been very brave at the
 dentist today. Stick those on your forehead though, didn't I? No, actually, I've got, I used to have
 one of those, but it was a safety pin one. So that's not for the forehead. That's for the clothes.
 Safety pin, really? Oh, it was a badge. I'm describing a badge. But what's interesting about
 that is I think you're only brave at the dentist once. So you don't need it to be a badge. You
 only need it to be a sticker. Do you know what? You're right. I'm confusing it with my I've been
 to a party at Pizza Hut badge, which is a badge because that's the thing that lasts a life if
 you go to a party at Pizza Hut in the early 90s. Yeah, you want to show off about that, don't you?
 That's why you wear badges. You don't want to be wearing a badge that says I've been brave at the
 dentist just to show off. You feel pretty silly at the military parade, wouldn't you, next to all
 the other medals? Just being brave at the dentist award. I got this one for bravery.
 I saw there's some drawings that people have done of some of the designs and there was a
 horse and carriage one and I think that's been questioned a bit. That was satire, was it?
 That was someone taking a piss out of the power of said they've gone. I thought that was real too.
 Yeah, I was really hoping that that would be because I just thought how interesting heads
 must have been back then. I don't know what you mean. Well, just wait a minute. If you're sitting
 on the tube and someone sat across from me with a horse and carriage drawn on their head and they
 had other cartoons, you know, I wouldn't need the paper. But people still have tattoos these
 days. So do you just, when you're sat on the tube, just read people's tattoos? I do, but they give
 me a look that says I'm not friendly. Oh, well, this is the thing about other kinds of stickers
 is that they can be indicators of how friendly or not someone is. So bumper stickers, if people
 have bumper stickers on their car, they tend to be more aggressive and territorial drivers.
 Yeah, makes sense. Yeah, study in 2008 by Colorado State University and they surveyed people saying,
 do you have bumper stickers on your car? And do you drive like a bastard? And basically,
 people who said yes to one said yes to the other. They said, yeah, I drive more territorially,
 more aggressively, I do not respond constructively on the road when people get in my way.
 And how often are these the baby on board stickers? Well, I read that article and actually it said
 that it doesn't matter what's on the sticker, right? So you might have a sticker that says
 everyone needs to be kind to each other and you're still going to drive like a maniac.
 Yeah, so baby on board as well. Yeah, more likely to be aggressive.
 Just one more thing on an alternative use for stickers for yourself for decoration is to cover
 blemishes. And so I think that's that's sort of where facial stickers might have come from
 originally. But men wore them quite a lot to cover blemishes or to accentuate them. And so
 if men had been to war, for instance, it became quite common for them to come back and they'd
 put a scar sticker over their scar. I think if a scar started to fade or something,
 then you'd put a big black scar there. And so there's, for instance, there's a bit in all's
 well that ends well, which now makes sense. If you know where Bertram comes back from war,
 and it says he's got a patch of velvet on his face, and it's unclear if there's a scar underneath.
 And it was sort of a thing that people did if they hadn't really seen much military action,
 and they were a bit of a coward, and they'd run away at the first sign anyway,
 is that they'd suddenly put a big blemish on their face to imply that they'd been shot in the head.
 Wow, that's amazing. I've got a little scar on my face. Maybe I'll try and accentuate it.
 Have you? With some mouse fur. I want to do one of the sides. I'm not sure which side.
 Oh yeah, little one, yeah, yeah. It's somewhere you got shot in the Civil War,
 isn't it? Obscene bumper stickers can sometimes be a matter for the law.
 Okay, so there are all these lawsuits that happen in the USA over whether you're allowed a
 particular bumper sticker or not, or whether it's basically creating a public disturbance just by
 having it on your car. So in 2008, a guy went to the Georgia Supreme Court because he had a
 "Shit happens" bumper sticker, and he won. And then, more recently, this bit is very rude by the way,
 but the police in Florida arrested and charged a man who had a bumper sticker which said,
 "I eat ass." And that was really big and it's right in the middle of his back windscreen as well,
 so there's no way if you're driving along that you won't see it.
 And was he referring to donkey meat, do we know?
 I'm not sure. That wasn't his defence, actually.
 I mean, it absolutely should have been. But the police pulled him over and they said,
 "Can you amend it?" So it wasn't offensive. And he said, "Well, how do you suggest I do that?"
 And they said, "Can you remove the second S from ass?" So it would be, "I eat ass."
 But then the grammar police come at you on the other side.
 Guys, who's the grandfather, the god of stickers?
 The god of stickers. The god of stickers. You all know this.
 Football albums. Panini. Oh, no, I was thinking of Mr Avery.
 Oh, Avery, yeah. Oh, Avery. Stanton.
 Sorry. Well, because you never do any of the office admin, Andy,
 you are not familiar with Avery stickers, but those of us who post letters every once in a while.
 This feels like more of a grudge. It feels like this whole fact has been building up to a grudge.
 No, so Stanton Avery, mate, was the inventor of the self-adhesive sticker, as in you didn't need
 to lick it, you didn't need to add glue to it. And he still dominates the label market today,
 so I was looking into him. So he built his first sticker machine.
 I love this, by marrying together a motor from a washing machine and a sewing machine,
 sewing machine parts. So we smushed them together and generated a shed load of stickers.
 His company was initially called Cum Clean Products, spelling cum K-U-M,
 which I think is a good thing was changed. How did he make his glue?
 He was actually very cagey about the process. He was so pretty tired.
 He was super poor. And so he really like dragged himself up from the bottom. He lived in a rented
 chicken coop. He couldn't even afford the deposit on a chicken coop. Did he pay the chickens?
 I don't know if the chickens own the coop. I think they were also renting.
 Oh wow. Terrible flatmates. I think I get eggs every morning.
 Do you want to eat an egg if your flatmate has just laid it before your horrified eyes?
 I refuse to eat food that's come out of any of my friends arses.
 That's amazing. Yeah, it's so cool. He could have written, I eat and then in brackets,
 eggs that have come out of a chicken. Clothes, brackets, ass.
 Another strong defense. So many arguments are going out before.
 So he tried a bunch of business. How did he get a washing machine in the chicken coop?
 So I think this was post chicken coop. And he got it because he married a slightly wealthier lady
 who lent him a bit of money. And he thought, I need a washing machine.
 We got back to your place tonight. Chickens out tonight.
 So anyway. Did she invite them to the hen do?
 You got laid that night.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two. And that is my fact. My fact this week is that the very
 first print run of the Adventures of Huckleberry Finn had to be pulped after a bookstore owner
 discovered someone had sneaked a drawing of a penis into one of the illustrations.
 The first suspect has to be the illustrator, is she?
 Yes, we genuinely don't know. We don't know if it was the illustrator. We don't know if it was
 the photo engraver at the actual factory where they were printing the book. What we do know is
 when these books came out at the end of Chapter 32, Huck Finn is meeting his aunt Sally and Uncle
 Silas. And Uncle Silas has a big erect penis drawn in in the illustration itself. And as a result,
 30,000 copies had to be pulped. And did they definitely check the plot and they don't,
 it's not part of the storyline that references Uncle Silas's erect penis?
 Weirdly. Weirdly. I read the book and I can confirm there isn't a bit where
 Uncle Silas has an erection and is showing it off to his family.
 That must have been very disappointing when you got to the end of that.
 It's the only reason I bought the book in the first place.
 So this is obviously, it's a very important book in American literature. Ernest Hemingway said
 all modern American literature comes from one book and it's called Huckleberry Finn. And the
 idea was it was the first book that used the vernacular of Americans. At that point Americans
 were really writing in the tone of British and European authors, not using the day-to-day language
 and he kind of set the tone. Unfortunately, it's also a book that's laced with racism and that's
 caused huge problems basically since publication. It's not a book that's sort of not been controversial
 throughout the years. The language use is difficult and racist and we should say that it's set,
 Mark Twain wrote it in the 80s, but it's set about 40 years earlier in the 1840s, isn't it?
 And the main plot of Huckleberry Finn, for anyone who hasn't read it, is basically it's about Huck Finn
 who is this kind of poor kid who held a seat 12 or 13 and he runs away along with a runaway slave
 who is called Jim and they run away together and they are good friends and Jim is a very
 sympathetic character but at the same time very problematically drawn. Yeah, one of the...
 Not drawn with an erect penis like Uncle Silas, we should say.
 People have objected to stuff other than that so it was extremely controversial as soon as it was
 published largely because of the kind of crudeness of some of the language and that was written in
 this native dialect. It wasn't just like ordinary American dialect, it was proper Mississippi 1840s
 dialect and it was banned for bad grammar and employment of inelegant expressions.
 Things like in 1905 a Brooklyn library banned it because Huck not only itched but he scratched.
 So apparently that's disgusting and he said "sweet" when he should have said "perspiration".
 So Mark Twain had been kind of unhappy with the way that publishing had been going and he
 decided he didn't want to have normal publishers like before and get the money that way. He wanted
 to have a subscription service so he sent people door to door with like, you know, the first chapter
 and said, "Look, there's this new book coming out. How do you fancy buying it and then we'll send you
 all the chapters in future?" And he basically, because he did this, it meant he could have full
 control of it, which meant he had full control of all of the illustrations and it meant that when
 the illustrator kept sending him stuff he was like, "Don't like that, don't like that, don't like that,
 don't like that, do like that." Love that penis! So is that maybe why they pranked him? That's one
 theory that the illustrator hated him so much because he kept asking him to change things
 that he's like, "Right, fine." But they offered a massive reward to the press men working on the
 novel and a $500 reward, which would have been a lot of money today and no one fessed up, so we
 still, there's no culprit. And is the investigation still open? I think the office, the reward is
 still available. He had a terrible relationship with his sort of typesetters and proofreaders
 and everyone like that, didn't he? Which might be why they were so pissed off with him. He hated them
 and it does sound like they kept on trying to improve his punctuation and grammar, which was
 deliberately vernacular. And once upon getting a text back and seeing the corrections that had been
 made, he wrote to a friend, "I've telegraphed orders to have the proofreader shot without giving him
 time to pray." So it was tense, I think. If someone wrote that about, "Hey, I draw a penis on their picture."
 It wasn't the most successful book that he published with that firm. So the first two
 books that that firm published were Huckleberry Finn and The Memoirs of Ulysses S Grant,
 ex-president, and it was pretty much the last thing Grant did was write this book.
 And it was so successful that he gave Grant's widow the biggest ever royalty check in American
 publishing history. It was absolutely massive. And it was thanks to that door-to-door technique
 that James mentioned, because it was war veterans. So it was silver war veterans going door-to-door
 selling the book. And that's a pretty strong sell, you know? I might be wrong in saying this, but
 from the story that I know about that, it's that when Ulysses S Grant died, his wife was really
 struggling financially and was not given any help from anyone. And Mark Twain published the book
 and gave her that high amount of royalties before he knew it was going to be successful so that she
 had money to live off for the rest of her life. Apparently, it's an extraordinary book, that
 autobiography. Really? Yeah. I've read so many things about it being the best book by anyone in
 government ever as a solid, it's just incredible, apparently. Surely not better than the art of
 the deal. Surely. Surely not better than Jacob Rees Mogg's book about the Victorians.
 Can't be better than that, can it? Now, if we want to talk about offensive landings and things.
 Mark Twain wrote the first book on a typewriter in America. There's a bit of dispute over whether
 it was Tom Sawyer or another one of his books. It's usually credited as Tom Sawyer. But he
 used to love writing on a typewriter and no one really had it at the time. So people used to write
 him letters and he would write letters back on his typewriter. They would then write back to him
 asking about the typewriter and that got so annoying with so many people writing back to him
 asking him, "Holy moly, what is this? This is incredible," that he stopped writing letters
 using his typewriter. Really? She's got inundated. Yeah. I really love his correspondence because
 he didn't really much like getting them a lot of the time, did he? I read one that he got in 1901
 and the letter said, "Dear Mr. Mark Twain, I am a little girl six years old. I have read
 your stories ever since they first came out. I have a cat named Kitty and a dog named Pop.
 I like to guess puzzles. Did you write a story for the Herald competition? I hope you will answer
 my letter. Yours truly Augusta Kortrecht." To which he replied, "Well, no." He didn't reply. He just
 wrote a comment on it saying, "Labor tempt of a middle-aged liar to pull an autograph."
 He invented one game for kids, which I think sounds pretty cool. He measured out a 817 foot path
 of his driveway and he marked every single foot and that was supposed to be a year and it was
 the year from 1066 when William the Conqueror arrived in Britain and the idea is you would
 walk along the path and at each point when there was a new king or queen in England or Britain,
 then you would stake in the ground and you would be like, "Oh, this is Edward the first,
 this is Henry the second, blah, blah, blah." It was a way of having fun but also learning
 your kings and queens because in those days education was very much rote learning. You
 just had to learn all these things and this was a fun way of doing it.
 Or a very annoyingly slow way of getting to the front door after a long day in the office.
 But he turned it into a board game, didn't he? Or he tried to.
 It sounds really complicated. I didn't fully understand it even after reading it.
 I thought it sounded quite, it sounded a bit like battleship. Basically, it was another
 sort of history date memorization game and essentially you'd have a chart with a series of
 dates on it and each player would say a date. You say 1918 and then the other player has to
 say an event that happened on that date to say the end of the First World War. See,
 I cleverly chose my date in advance so I'd have something to say for it.
 I mean, you also chose a date that was nearly 10 years after Twain died when no one could possibly
 have guessed what was going to happen. True. But then a player puts a pin in that date if they
 get it right and if they don't get it right, they don't get a pin and I guess when you've
 covered up all your dates you've won. Sounds quite fun for a nerd.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three and that is Andy.
 My fact is that before vaccination was invented, the main method of inoculation against smallpox
 was to powder scabs and blow them up your nose.
 Lovely. Or to get someone else to blow them up your nose.
 It's very hard to blow up your own nose. And this was how inoculation worked for a long time.
 It was done in China a thousand years ago. This was the method they knew about this.
 And it did work, didn't it? It worked reasonably well. So if you were healthy,
 you would get some smallpox scabs and you would leave them for a little while because fresh
 scabs were likely to give you the infection properly. So they would be dried, aged smallpox
 scabs and they would be powdered up and then they would be blown up your nose with a special
 silver blowpipe for the procedure as well. The Chinese doctors had special blowpipes to do this.
 And then apparently the right nostril was used for boys and the left for girls.
 And you would maybe get some mild symptoms and some people did actually just then get
 full blown smallpox. But most people then got it, you know, some mild symptoms and then were
 resistant to any following exposure. There's a low percentage, wasn't it?
 So this was a really decent way of doing it before we had the method of vaccination.
 And we didn't know about this, is that right? It took about 700 years to get over.
 And it works by the same method as vaccination, right? Which is that it's an attenuated or weakened
 version of the disease in a scab. And your body then makes antibodies that can fight against that
 and then it can fight against the main thing, is that right? There was another version where
 you had some powdered scab as well or you had some pus from a smallpox pustule and you would
 make a little scratch on your skin and then you would just pour that pus or, you know,
 rub that powdered scab into your skin and that worked too. And that's called variolation
 because variola was the Latin for smallpox. In 2011, the Virginia Historical Society in Richmond
 had some things from its collection. And one of them was a letter from the 1870s that had
 a smallpox scab in it. And the idea was that the person who wrote the letter in the 19th
 century was sending it to his father. It had been taken from the arm of a child and his father was
 going to make it into dust and inoculate people. But then it never got to the recipient. And so
 they just found this letter. And of course, immediately, the Census for Disease Control came
 in the hazmat suits and said, holy shit, you don't need to be having this, that the public can see
 this because smallpox has been eradicated, basically, hasn't it? And so, yeah, in the end,
 there was some of the virus on this scab still, but it wasn't deadly enough. I mean,
 it must have attenuated pretty hard by that time. How when was it? It was from 1876 and they found
 it in 2011. Wow. That is really spooky, finding it and not knowing what it is. You just think you
 found a little button or something. Or maybe it's like a little sticker to put on your face.
 But all these doctors had their own different methods of doing variolation. And there were
 some celebrity doctors in Britain in the 17th, 18th century who worked this out. So have you
 heard of Johnny Notions? No. Johnny Notions. Sounds like he's got some weird ideas.
 Well, he was a Scottish doctor and he had a really successful method for variolating,
 because he would collect the pus, first of all. And everyone had their own method of making it
 a bit less deadly, basically. So he would dry it with peat smoke. So he had a lovely sort of
 smoky flavour for the pus, very nice. And then he would bury it in the ground between sheets of
 glass, okay, with some campfire. And then he would keep it there for seven or eight years.
 This is like he's making a whiskey, isn't it? Yeah, in genuine years. And then he would
 insert it and he would then put a cabbage leaf on top as a plaster. And this was apparently a
 really good way of doing it. And it just gave you the nice amount. I suppose it does take the edge
 off the urn pus, doesn't it? It's a nice, peachy, cabergy flavour to it.
 Apparently, you were more likely to get a job if you could be seen to have smallpox scars,
 because then the suggestion was, oh, great, you can work with us. You're not going to pass it on.
 You've had it already. That was seen as a sort of great, safe workmate. So two of the earliest
 people who worked with inoculation were Robert Koch in Germany and Louis Pasteur in France.
 And they fell out with each other because Pasteur once was doing a talk and he used the phrase
 "Rekui Allemande", which means a collection of German writing, but the translator translated
 it as "Augui Allemande", which means German arrogance. And so Koch never forgave him for
 that because he thought that Pasteur was calling him arrogant. Although I think that before that,
 they loathe each other. If you read the dialogues that they had, the letters they wrote each other,
 it's just basically spitting with rage, you know, Koch writing letters to Pasteur accusing him
 of stealing all of his ideas and vice versa, saying you're a fraud, you know, really foul language,
 because there was this huge fight basically when we suddenly discovered the power of
 the idea of vaccination between a few scientists, wasn't there?
 So that was after Jenna? Yes, it was. So Edward Jenna is the person who kind of we
 give the, we say, created vaccinations today, right? He got it from milkmates.
 Did he? Yeah, because there were milkmates near him and he noticed that they got a thing called
 cowpox, which is a disease that cows got, and they would only get one single pustule on their hands,
 which is where they've been touching the cows because of all the milking. And he theorized,
 maybe this is a milder version of smallpox. So then he did this amazing gamble, Jenna,
 he took some pus from a milkmate and he injected it into a child. Yeah. And six, yeah,
 not his child, by the way, although he did also do it with his own child actually later on, so fair
 play. I think when he knew it worked. And then he, six weeks later, he injected the child with full
 blown smallpox. And he didn't know how it worked. And yeah, and then, but later in life, they became
 friends. So, yeah, James Phipps, he was the son of Edward Jenna's gardener, which if it hadn't
 worked, would have made the gardening very, very awkward, I think for a long time. I think he would
 have ruined your rose bush after that. He had smallpox when he was a child, Jenna. And one of the
 reasons that he kind of went into getting rid of it later is because he had such a bad time of it.
 He was varialated. So they gave him some of the pus or some scabs or something. But he was prepared
 for that by being starved, purged and bled and locked in a stable with other infected boys.
 With other infected boys? Yeah. So they kind of varialated all these people, gave them like very
 mild symptoms and then put them all in a stable. Meanwhile, Stanton Avery's outside of a checking
 coop. Don't know you're born, mate. Okay, it's time for our final fact of the show. And that is
 James. Okay, my fact this week is that you can tell if a movie character is a goodie or a baddie
 by the kind of phone they use. That sucks now that I know that and I'm watching movies. I know,
 sorry, this is not just a spoiler of one movie, this is a spoiler of all movies. So this came up
 in my RSS feed. And thanks to the blog Nitarama, which I follow. And it was an interview with
 Rian Johnson, who is the director of the film Knives Out. And he said that Apple have forbid
 filmmakers from letting villains use their iPhones on the screen. And so if one of your
 characters is using an Apple product, then they must be a good guy. Oh, thank you. So you can't
 tell who's the good guy in the good, the bad and the ugly, for instance. It's a wonderful life.
 I'm not sure any of them had mobile phones in those. They've been edited in.
 But sometimes it's not clear who is a goodie and who's a baddie. If someone is, if someone pushes
 one person in front of a train to say five people, who will be allowed an iPhone in the
 situation? You're absolutely right. In any decent story, everyone has a mixture of good and bad.
 Everyone has one iPhone and one Android. That's a good point. Actually, that saves it for me,
 because the movie might have been sponsored by Samsung, for example. Yeah, so that's good. Okay,
 great. I'll stop googling which phone sponsored all my movies. But yeah, and there was also an
 article in The Verge that says that Apple says that its products should only be used in the best
 light that reflects favorably on Apple products. And they don't, according to Apple, they don't pay
 to have their phones in movies. But what they do do is give lots of free phones and MacBooks and
 stuff to the people who are making the movies in return for them being nice. But they wouldn't
 show someone looking up on the internet how to kill orphans on a MacBook. On a MacBook. You couldn't
 do that on a MacBook. No. Yeah, were to inject this person to God in the sun. They wouldn't do that.
 But this is a thing called product displacement, which is the kind of like product displacement.
 Product displacement is where you replace a real brand with a fictional one, because the original
 brand are really annoyed about. Oh, okay. So there's a film called Flight, which stars Denzel
 Washington as an alcoholic pilot who somehow he manages to pull off a crazy movie. The plane's
 about to crash to you to, you know, it's all gone wrong on the plane. And he manages to fly it in
 upside down and then land it the right way up at the very last moment. I've got to say the first
 five minutes of that movie is one of the best things I've ever seen. It's so tense. It's so amazing.
 Okay. And the rest is terrible, right? You didn't want to say it out loud. I've seen it too. It's
 shit. Damn, things. The film is bad. God, it tells you not to watch it, especially now the ending
 has been spoiled anyway. Well, the rest of the film is, I gather, just a lengthy legal process
 about whether he was right to save the plane. It's a legal drama. Imagine if you got to watch
 that film and you're five minutes late. That would be the worst together. Oh my God. They should
 make it into a short and release it in short films. Anyway, it's Robert Zemeckis who gave us
 back to the future. He is an alcoholic pilot, Denzel Washington. The character, sorry, not
 Robert Zemeckis, not Denzel Washington, the character, but he drinks Budweiser and a vodka
 that Budweiser own either while he's flying the plane or shortly before. I mean, you guys have
 seen the film, so you'll know. But Budweiser were furious about this and they said, "Can you not show
 this drunk pilot singing a bud before he flies the plane?" And they refused. They said, "There's
 nothing you can do." But it's so, that happens. Sometimes movies do have to buckle to these
 bigger companies. So Slumdog Millionaire, when Danny Boyle made that, he gave an interview where he
 talked about the fact that he had some criminal gangs drinking Coca-Cola at one point, ice cold
 Coca-Cola and, I don't know what to say. Are you personally sponsored by Coca-Cola today?
 Wow. It was a refreshing ice cold Coca-Cola. So, yeah, available in all shops. But yeah,
 they're drinking in that and Coca-Cola took a sort of stand against it and so they had to paint
 it out in the post-production of it. Slumdog Millionaire was the most bizarre film. I hadn't
 realised this, but obviously at the time it was so huge and it won the Oscar, didn't it? And it was
 massive. I hadn't realised it was made by the same company that makes Who Wants to Be a Millionaire.
 So it was one huge piece of product placement. Wow. Yeah. Isn't that Jasper Carrot who makes that?
 Yes, it is. It is. Well, he wrote Slumdog Millionaire. It might be. It's called Kellador.
 Yes. He's pretty hands off with it, but yeah, he's a direct beneficiary of both those things.
 I think it's Kellador, isn't it? It is. It's a company called Kellador. Of course it's like
 Kellador. I don't think it's deliberately named to be like the Kellador. It might be. It's
 Jasper Carrot. He does love his punks. What's the metaphor behind that? Don't look behind the
 Kellador. It's actually Jasper Carrot. Any international listeners who are wondering who
 Jasper Carrot is, there's no time. So, Kellador made this, who made Who Wants to Be a Millionaire
 and then they decided to make Slumdog to sort of advertise Who Wants to Be a Millionaire.
 And the screenwriter for Slumdog Millionaire was one of the co-creators of Who Wants to Be a Millionaire.
 But the only thing that they stipulated was that at the end, and this is a spoiler where he's
 being accused of cheating, the hero is being accused of cheating, the host of Millionaire sort of
 tortures him backstage. And at that point, they said, we can't have it look like the show is
 torturing this boy because that's going to make us look bad. So it's just got to be the host.
 So it's like Chris Tarrant's got out on a limb. It wasn't Chris Tarrant in the film.
 Again, any international listeners who were clinging on after Jasper Carrot were now given
 up at Chris Tarrant. So, hang on, wow, torture equipment does the host of Who Wants to Be a
 Millionaire have access to backstage? Like, you couldn't do more than a quick Chinese burn or a
 wedgie, could you? He's got that tension music. Yeah, he's got a super long advert break without
 telling him. I found out, just looking at product placement stuff, I found out one of the first
 ever examples of product placement on a podcast. Okay. So this was in 2005. There was a show called
 The Dawn and Drew Show. Okay. And it was the newspapers at the time had to explain what a
 podcast was, which is the report I read said a podcast is, or this particular podcast is a
 program filled with strong language that is available only in a digital format and downloaded
 on iPods and other devices that play MP3 files. Okay. So that's what a podcast is. And this one
 was The Dawn and Drew Show. And it was sponsored, it was product placement did by Durex. Okay. And
 Durex had inserted their product into the show because it was hosted by a husband and wife.
 And the show featured the husband and the wife and their dog Hercules tasting flavoured condoms.
 That was the first ever product placement podcast. Okay. The firm said they were delighted and they
 said, this is quotes exactly how we want to position the branch.
 Were they condoms for dogs and humans alike?
 Like, no, because you'd have to have a dog meat flavoured condom.
 Oh, they don't love strawberry today.
 Oh my God, that's incredible.
 So anyway, I'm just saying we've got further to sink before we hit rock bottom.
 You know, your, this has not been a product placement, but we're recording this podcast on
 Mac computer. And we're all good guys.
 Now, if you were to close that and don't close it because we might lose the recording,
 but you would see that the Apple is upside down as you're looking at it. So maybe if you half
 close it, you see it's kind of upside down as you're looking. Now, the reason that is is for
 product placement reasons. So it was in Legally Blonde, which is a properly great film. She is
 using an Apple Mac, but the Apple is upside down to what we have it today, because that's the way
 it used to be. Because it makes much more sense that if you have it closed and you're looking at it,
 the Apple is the right way up. And that's how it used to be. But then there was an employee
 called Joe Moreno who said to Steve Jobs, look, if we're going to put these in movies, what we need
 is when it's open and you're looking at it, the Apple is the right way up. So they changed it.
 Or if someone's just like watching you in a cafe, of course you've got to put it the right
 way out for the people looking at it. Not the one who owns it already.
 That's really interesting. So basically the Apple on your Apple Mac is not for you. It's for
 everyone else. Wow. Some advertisers, this is sort of the next step they're doing for advertising
 and things. So advertisers in soap operas are now selling billboards inside the fictional locations
 in the soap operas. So Coronation Street is a fictional street, but it's a fictional street
 with advertising billboards on it. And jewellery shops and other shops are buying up advertising
 space in fictional Coronation Street. And there's a new thing also that other advertisers are doing
 where you know you'll be able to digitally alter what viewers see on screen when they're streaming.
 So different people see different things. So if you are watching, let's say you drink whiskey
 and your TV knows that you drink whiskey, there might be billboards for whiskey brands in the
 background. Whereas if you... But what if you're a person who like secretly buys dog meat flavored
 condoms? And you're watching Coronation Street with your parents. That's such a good point.
 That's such a good point. The whole family looking at each other suspiciously. It's like an Agatha
 Christie. Yeah, exactly. Wow. Well, they might do it based on the time of day even. So if you're
 watching late at night, there'll be adverts for... That's what y'all do. Watch Coronation Street
 late at night. Absolutely. Have another late night set. Yeah, there'll be adverts for I guess late
 night stuff like swearing or cocaine. Well, if you're watching in the morning, there'll just be
 adverts for cereal and orange juice. Or whiskey. Just one ironic thing about this fact is that
 apples are a sign that someone's a villain. What? In films, apparently people have spotted this.
 If you're the baddie, you're always eating an apple. Not always. This is a few cross films.
 Yep. So, Mr Bond. The bad guys in Doctor Who do that, don't they? Because an apple a day keeps
 the doctor away. This is true. Please send in more if you've seen them. But Draco Malfoy does it.
 Jeffrey Rush in Poe Rats of the Caribbean. It's kind of crunches down an apple. Colin Farrell
 when he's playing a vampire and something or other. And it's got a name. It's the arrogant apple.
 Sometimes it's really just to show your dominance because it's kind of showing you're so aloof.
 I can eat an apple as well as talking to you. I don't give enough of a crap about what you're
 saying to stop eating my apple. I wonder if there's like the history of the poisoned apple in fairy
 tales and things. That's been theorized on the internet, James. You should check the internet
 out for more on that. Garden of Eden? Again. And apple was eaten there. It's all on the forums.
 It sounds like we could think of everything on the internet, Anna, so I'm not worried.
 Okay, that's it. That is all of our facts. Thank you so much for listening. If you'd like to get
 in contact with any of us about the things that we have said over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter accounts. I'm on @Sriberland, James. At James Harkin. Andy.
 At Andrew Hunter M. At Jizitski. You can email podcast at qi.com. Yeah, well, you can go to our
 group account at no such thing or our website, no such thing as a fish.com. Why not check the
 internet out as well while you're there? And we'll be back again next week with another episode. We'll
 see you then. Goodbye. Anyway, I was sponsored this week of the new Durex range of pedigree chum.
 Stop the podcast.
