 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
 [APPLAUSE]
 Hello, and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing
 as a Fish, a weekly podcast.
 This week, coming to you from the Glee Comedy Club in Cardiff.
 [APPLAUSE]
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I am sitting here with Anich Zinski, Andrew Hunter Murray,
 and James Harkin.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days.
 And in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with you, James.
 OK, my fact this week is the oldest surviving
 Soty puppet has just been bought to auction,
 and it was bought by Soty.
 No.
 Yeah?
 It was by the new guy, Richard Cadal,
 who's in charge of Soty at the moment.
 And whenever he bitted for it, he bitted it with Soty
 on his hands.
 [APPLAUSE]
 Wow.
 That is great.
 That's very cool.
 So it's like Soty's emancipated himself.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah.
 Cool.
 It's actually more like he sold himself back in dislavery.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah.
 [LAUGHTER]
 OK, get this.
 When they were on television together,
 Soty and Sue were never allowed to touch each other
 in case things got too steamy.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah, so this is true.
 Soty and Sue, when Sue was introduced,
 there was a worry at the BBC that this
 would introduce a sexual element and too much sexual tension
 to the show.
 And so she was only allowed in on sufferance
 that she never touched him, that he never touched her.
 They didn't speak to her beforehand,
 and go, this is what you're not allowed to do, right?
 Well, no.
 For international listeners, they both love puppet bears.
 So it's easy to enforce.
 And but actually Sue is a panda and pandas aren't bears.
 Oh.
 So there's a certain amount of interspecies
 stuff going on there.
 Yeah, true.
 Wow.
 Oh, no.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Wasn't she voiced by the wife of the person who did Soty?
 Yeah, Harry Colbert's wife played her.
 But then Harry Colbert's son took over the role,
 but his mum stayed playing the girlfriend.
 Ah.
 But it was an unusual setup.
 Yeah.
 I think he actually replaced her, didn't he?
 His daughter replaced her quite quickly and said
 he didn't want her playing Sue anymore, maybe because of that.
 And also apparently, the person who took over
 playing Sue said she was getting a little bit older,
 and she was finding it a little bit harder
 to re-descript, watch a monitor, work a puppet,
 and smoke a cigarette all at the same time.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Very uncomfortable for parole to Sue.
 But this is the sort of worry about sexuality.
 This was in 1964 to say no.
 And they got so serious that the directed general of the BBC
 intervened personally.
 This went all the way to his desk.
 And he called the host in and said, I'm allowing it.
 But then two years later, they canceled the show.
 And it went to YGV who didn't care.
 It's been all right.
 Did they touch each other?
 Well, then they went to Channel 4
 and it got extremely stinking.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Sue did actually want to have a pregnancy scare.
 No.
 Yeah, it's part of the bitch.
 She had a pregnancy scare.
 Although it turned out she just had a cushion up her jumper.
 So, simpler times.
 Imagine if you went to your gynecologist
 and said, I think I'm pregnant.
 And they go, no, you just got a cushion up there.
 And you're a man.
 [LAUGHTER]
 What the fuck you do?
 And then I took my feet out of the stir-ups
 and I bid him good day.
 [LAUGHTER]
 But the team America guys got in trouble for their puppet
 sex scene properly, didn't they?
 They did.
 So they had to re-edit the sex scene in Team America
 nine times and re-submit it to the Motion Picture
 Association of America to say, is this OK yet?
 Because the film association was saying,
 we can only classify Team America as--
 in America, I think it's NC 17, which is the rating that means,
 like, no under 18-year-olds are allowed to go and see it.
 Just because these two puppets have sex, which--
 and as I think Tray Parker pointed out,
 it doesn't make any sense.
 Our characters are made of wood and have no genitals.
 And yet--
 It is a very rude scene.
 Yes, yeah.
 Did you have to go with your mom?
 [LAUGHTER]
 This is like watching the Suttisha all over again.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Mighty Morphine Power Rangers got banned in Malaysia
 because the Morphine bits sounded too much like Morphine.
 They were famously sluggish, weren't they?
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah, but you guys in the UK, you had Ninja Turtles, which
 is what I call them.
 Sorry, who?
 I'd never heard of it.
 Yeah, you called them hero turtles, didn't you?
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah, because they thought that you weren't able to deal
 with nunchucks, basically.
 But they still have the nunchucks, didn't they?
 No, no, they're not just saying--
 I looked at a picture today, because I had no idea
 that this was the case.
 So Michelangelo, instead of having nunchucks--
 This is a feather.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Oh, he just has a nice cup of tea.
 Yeah.
 He's like, that guy looks like he needs a hug from the hug turtle.
 Yeah, it was--
 He had-- no, he had still.
 I mean, really, they did that.
 Yeah, really, they changed it.
 So he just had a grappling hook.
 So my memory is him having nunchucks.
 No, in the opening scenes, there's
 a couple of seconds of nunchucks.
 And then if you look at the pictures, maybe it was only
 for a few episodes.
 Maybe they brought it back.
 But he has a grappling hook.
 Well, you can do a lot more damage with a grappling hook.
 I know.
 It's got spikes on the eggs.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So Pepper Pick, this year, I think,
 got quite recently, was banned in Australia.
 Just one episode it was.
 And it was the episode where Pepper
 is taught that spiders are very small and can't hurt you.
 [LAUGHTER]
 It gets loads of complaints, Pepper Pick, though,
 for being a bad influence on children.
 And some of the things that parents
 have said about it, of Ritten and said,
 a father wrote in to the people who make it
 and complained that his son has started splashing
 in muddy puddles on the way to school.
 I know, but no, apparently that's bad.
 And another mother wrote in and said,
 she'd asked her daughter what she wanted for breakfast.
 And she said, chocolate cake.
 And another said, his son has stopped
 eating cucumber and tomato sandwiches.
 And these just all sound like terrible parents.
 Yeah.
 Hey, we need to move on to our second fact.
 It is time for fact number two.
 And that is Andy.
 My fact is that mountains are partly shaped by salmon.
 Wow.
 What?
 Wow.
 This is true.
 This is absolutely true.
 Salmon play a significant role in the shape of mountains.
 That happens over a long period of time, obviously.
 But so salmon swim upstream to spawn.
 And then as they do so, the female kind of stirs up the mud
 and the sediment at the bottom when she's
 making a kind of nest in the water.
 And that means that the river channels erode faster.
 And it means they erode downstream faster.
 And over hundreds of thousands of years,
 a landscape where salmon spawn could be up to 30% lower
 than a landscape with no salmon.
 Wow.
 Yeah, that's amazing.
 There's a thing that one of our friends at QI
 mentioned the other day, actually, which is that the paint
 of painting mountains white.
 So this is--
 Yeah, have you seen this in the Peruvian Mountains?
 This is a guy who's going around painting them white
 to combat global warming.
 Not just one guy with one paintbrush, though.
 He's.
 It's pretty much, slightly, in to begin with.
 I mean, because to begin with, everyone
 thought he was nuts.
 And he said, because all the ice and all the snow
 had gone off it.
 And so it just was bare mountains.
 And he went, oh, I'll save the ice and snow
 by painting it white again to look like it has ice and snow.
 But that's not why he's doing it.
 That's not why he's doing it.
 He's not creating the article there.
 OK, so he's not going, oh, I'll save these mountains
 from not being covered in the snow by making it look like they've
 got snow and then maybe that'll convince them.
 It's so that it keeps the surface cooler.
 Because if you've got a white surface,
 then it keeps the color of the heat.
 Yeah, so I think the average cut that's
 covered in white paint is like 17 degrees cooler
 than if it's got black paint.
 And then the idea is that the ice will stay on it for longer.
 And then it can give everyone water in nearby villages
 and keep the vegetation growing.
 Yeah, mountain painting.
 Didn't you win a Nobel Prize for that?
 I don't think so.
 Maybe you did read the article then.
 No, I don't think you should have, though, shouldn't I?
 You've got some kind of a, maybe like a Nickelodeon or kids
 of water, so I don't know.
 Yeah.
 And the tallest mountain in Colorado, OK,
 is called Mount Elbert.
 And it's next to another mountain called Mount Massive.
 And Mount Massive is 12 feet shorter than Mount Elbert.
 OK, I think they have the third and fourth
 or the second and third biggest mountains
 in the whole of America.
 But the next to each other, and a lot of--
 there are a lot of fans of Mount Massive.
 And what they like to do is go to the top of Mount Massive
 and put a big pile of stones on the top,
 so that it becomes the biggest.
 But then Mount Elbert has quite a few fans as well.
 And they keep going up and taking all the rocks down.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Wow.
 That's so Colorado.
 It's boring.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Here's another fact.
 Mountains can suffer from tired mountains in Rome.
 So this has happened around the world in lots of different places.
 But at the moment, it's happening in North Korea.
 And they have a mountain called Mount Mantap.
 And due to all of the nuclear tests there,
 basically, there's a load of geological damage.
 And the rock mass inside the mountain
 just isn't kind of integral anymore.
 Did you say it's called Mount Mantap?
 Yes, I've heard that.
 That sounds like how Kim Jong-un refers to his penis, doesn't it?
 [LAUGHTER]
 God, this is a mountain.
 This may be think about other syndromes that might be.
 So this is tired mountains in syndrome,
 just a few that I found online.
 Floppy trunk syndrome, that's a thing that elephants can get.
 These are all very sad, by the way.
 This is not like a happy flop.
 This is not like that.
 Which is another Kim Jong-un drive term.
 Bazaar Kalama syndrome, that's a thing.
 If you human raise a llama, they go crazy,
 and they attack the humans.
 Wobbly hedgehog syndrome.
 Again, it's not a very nice thing if you're the hedgehog,
 but it is if you're reading the words on the internet.
 And there was a guy who was diagnosed with chronic lightness
 syndrome.
 This is incredible.
 This is a real thing, apparently.
 It's a bit like ADHD, and it means that he can't properly
 gauge how long things take.
 So he's late for absolutely everything.
 OK.
 Come on, I've used this excuse so many times.
 No, it is a real thing.
 It's very funny you mentioned that, James.
 Because I found out about chronic lightness syndrome.
 And it's weird, he'd listen here, and I've invited him
 to be at the show tonight.
 And I just want to--
 [LAUGHTER]
 Are you--
 Oh, full of shame.
 [LAUGHTER]
 In 1945, when people first started testing atomic weapons,
 Kodak found out about it before anyone else.
 And I had no idea about this, but this
 is because film, camera film, is really
 sensitive to radiation.
 And they got loads of complaints from people in America,
 saying, our camera film is fogging up.
 And so a scientist who was working at Kodak
 looked into it and did some 1940s googling.
 And he deduced that they must be testing atomic bombs.
 And he stayed quiet for a little while,
 because he thought, I better not just
 won't get involved with that, that's fine.
 And they put some atomic proof filters
 around their factory, and they just didn't mention it.
 And then eventually, they kept on damaging their films.
 It's radiation.
 And so they tried to sue the American government in 1951
 for doing all these nuclear tests that was the worst thing
 about them, apparently, was that they
 were screwing up Kodak's film.
 And the American government agreed
 to give them all the maps and the schedule of all future
 nuclear tests on the grounds that they didn't talk
 about this to anyone anymore.
 Yeah.
 That's amazing.
 I know.
 Just quickly, Kodak and mountains, this is an interesting connection.
 When George Mallory and Irving, the original, supposedly
 almost might have made it to the top of Everest
 before Hillary did, when Mallory and Irving disappeared,
 and it's been a big mystery ever since,
 did they make it or did they not, there's
 been hunts that have been going on to find them.
 And the one thing they're looking for
 is the camera that was had by Mallory and Irving,
 because, because of the cold nature of the mountain,
 the film is preserved.
 And Kodak say, if we find the camera,
 we'll still be able to develop it at this point.
 So they do searches.
 So one thing was when Hillary went to the top of the mountain,
 he did a very basic search for Mallory.
 He was looking for two things, the camera.
 And the other thing was a picture of Mallory's wife.
 Because Mallory said he was going to bury a picture
 of his wife on the top of the mountain.
 So Hillary got up there, didn't find it.
 Then in 1989, people went out to look for the camera.
 And suddenly, perfectly preserved on the snow,
 was Mallory, the body of Mallory.
 And they found everything on him.
 They had his goggles, perfect condition, his ice pick.
 They had his wallet.
 They had everything.
 The one thing they didn't have was his camera.
 So it must be on Irving.
 But they were so close to finding out.
 And check this out.
 Another thing they didn't find inside the wallet
 was the picture of his wife.
 Ooh.
 And then again, if I was dying, I would quickly throw away
 the photo of my wife.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So you wouldn't be looking at it with your dying breath.
 You'd be like, oh, fuck.
 I'd want her to be remembered as the wife
 of the man who first climbed Everest.
 And to successfully do that, sometimes,
 you have to cut some strings.
 I'm sorry if that sounds harsh.
 She would have understood, I think.
 You could have understood.
 Do you know how tall the smallest unclimbed mountain in Japan
 is?
 I'll give you a clue.
 It's in Osaka.
 I'm going to go for 12,000 feet.
 OK, that's high.
 That's high.
 I only work in meters.
 So I'm going to go for the tallest, unclimbed--
 Smallest.
 Smallest.
 Unclimbed.
 The smallest mountain that no one has bothered to climb.
 This is the most ridiculous question I've ever been asked.
 And I'm going to go for 1,600 meters.
 OK.
 I'm going to go for 4 meters.
 Yeah.
 Hasn't grasped the metric system yet.
 So what's 4 meters in feet?
 That's, like, 3 feet.
 No, no, no.
 No, like, a meter is longer than a foot.
 OK, that's got big feet.
 You know, when they say that, they're with big feet.
 Big man's up.
 It's almost like no one cares how tall they're.
 No, amazingly, Dan is almost absolutely bang on.
 It is 15 feet above sea level.
 Oh, yes.
 It's not a mountain.
 It is a mountain.
 The Japanese geospatial information authority
 are very relaxed about what qualifies as a mountain.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I'm not kidding.
 Yeah, it's called Mount Tempo.
 And it's basically a pile of dirt,
 which was dredged out of the harbor in 1832
 to allow vessels to sail in to the port.
 And that is not even the highest point in the park.
 It is in.
 But the Japan's national tourist organization
 have said that they do have a mountain rescue unit in case anyone
 gets lost on the slopes.
 [LAUGHTER]
 OK, shall we move on to fact number three?
 OK, it's time for fact number three.
 And that is Shuzanski.
 Yes, my fact is that when King George VI married the Queen Mother,
 the Archbishop of Canterbury wouldn't
 let them broadcast the ceremony on the radio
 in case people listened in the pub without removing their hats.
 [LAUGHTER]
 This was the BBC really wanted to broadcast it.
 It was 1923, and BBC had just set up this radio station.
 They wanted something to broadcast the Royal Wedding
 scene like the right thing.
 He wasn't George VI at the time.
 This was before he was King.
 But they asked if they could broadcast it.
 And the Abbey chapter said, absolutely not.
 Vito, because people all listened in the pubs and worse,
 they may listen with their hats still on.
 And it might be received in an irreverent manner.
 So did people just used to just keep wearing their hats
 inside the pub, generally?
 No.
 I think just like if you are really a complete layabout,
 if you're a really a bad person, if you're a drunk,
 then you might forget to take your hats off.
 You might be wearing a baseball cap or something.
 What, in 1923?
 I don't know if it was baseball caps.
 You had a mind on it.
 But what I'm saying is that people do sometimes wear hats
 in the pubs, so.
 But this was the thing.
 So you were supposed to take off your hat inside.
 If you were doing something like watching
 a very respectable ceremony.
 Well, you were always supposed to really weren't you?
 Was it not an etiquette of always taking your hat off
 when you were inside?
 I was reading something etiquette.
 And it was actually really complicated.
 So I think on some inside moments,
 you wouldn't like, for instance,
 you see pictures of bars in the 1920s
 where men kept their hats on.
 And that was apparently because they
 couldn't rely on them not being stolen if they took them off.
 I think the idea is, if you're in a place
 which is akin to a public street--
 so it could be a corridor, or it could be
 a lobby of a hotel.
 And I guess you could probably say that pub is a bit like that, maybe.
 So what, then you can leave your hat on?
 Yeah, OK.
 And where's the song came from?
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah, that's the chorus.
 But then there's a big log list of things that you're allowed to hear.
 If you're in a corridor, if you're in a lobby,
 anywhere like a public street--
 Cool.
 You don't know that song.
 Do you?
 [LAUGHTER]
 And then had to take off their hats
 when the National Anthem was being played in the olden days in Etica.
 And it's really supposed to now as well.
 But women are allowed to, unless it's a unisex hat.
 So if it's a hat that any one--
 I mean, anyone can wear any hats.
 I'm not judging.
 But let's say it is a baseball cap that is a unisex hat,
 then the women have to take the hat off as well.
 So it's the hat, which is--
 God, I can really imagine panicking as to what gender my hat was.
 What the right thing to do was at that moment.
 I found a really amazing thing about George VI.
 In 1926, and as far as I can tell,
 he's the only British monarch to have done this.
 So this is prior to him being a king,
 he competed in the doubles at Wimbledon as a tennis player.
 Really?
 I don't know that.
 How did he do?
 He lost the first match and he was out for the rest of it.
 But that's extraordinary.
 That suddenly the prince of the UK was suddenly there.
 Yeah, great.
 Imagine Prince Charles at the snooker.
 You'd watch, wouldn't you?
 Well, we have that one who rides the horses.
 Zara Phillips.
 Yeah, exactly.
 They all ride the horses.
 Yeah, he was professionally.
 He was very young.
 Yeah, he was amazing.
 So they got married only after him
 trying really hard to marry the Queen Mother for a long time.
 And he'd proposed twice in the past.
 It's so weird that she was known as the Queen Mother
 all the way through her life.
 It's like she was destined for the job.
 She should have known.
 He was called Albert at the time, weirdly.
 And she was called Elizabeth at the time.
 And she refused his first proposal
 because we kind of all remember the Queen Mother.
 She was quite a spunky character.
 And at the time, she refused because she didn't want to feel
 like she wasn't able to be free to think, speak, and act
 as she felt she ought to.
 So he said, I'm only going to marry this woman.
 I really love her.
 So his mum, Albert's mum, invited her up to her house
 and had some really, really sharp words
 being like, OK, well, you have to marry my son.
 And then he proposed again.
 And she said, no, again.
 So good on her.
 And then he beat her down the third time, like metaphorically.
 She was the first commoner to be
 married to a member of the royal family for 200 years,
 I think.
 Wow.
 But she was a commoner.
 But she was the daughter of the Earl of Strathmore.
 And she grew up in Glam's castle.
 Yeah.
 So it's stretching commoner a little bit, isn't it?
 And this is a really good fact.
 I liked about George the Sith.
 During the Indo-Pakistani War of 1947,
 he technically was at war with himself
 because he was the monarch of both those places.
 Oh, wow.
 Amazing.
 So no judge.
 Why are you hitting yourself?
 [LAUGHTER]
 And here's another fact.
 When he died, there were more than 300,000 people
 who queued up to see his body.
 And that is just about the same as a population of Cardiff.
 Wow.
 Why did they all go down to do that?
 You've got like a weird connection to them.
 Didn't have much entertainment on here.
 Next week at the Glee Club, the body of King George, let's say.
 Just on royal weddings, there was a thing where Prince William
 and Kate Middleton got married, another quite posh commoner
 marrying into the royal family.
 But when they got married, that was in 2011, I think,
 New Zealand released an official stamp
 to commemorate the occasion, except what they did
 was they released the official stamp, which had a perforation
 down the middle between William and Kate.
 So you could tear them apart and get two stamps.
 God, I swear.
 Did they do that on purpose?
 I don't know.
 Are they apologised?
 Wow.
 I can't look at whether it would have been better or worse
 for the perforation to go horizontally and cut their heads off.
 They made their own choice.
 This year, it was Pippa Middleton's wedding, wasn't it?
 And in our book, we have a little bit about that.
 600 people were invited to Pippa Middleton's wedding.
 300 guests and 300 members of the public
 who were allowed to stand in a pen outside the venue.
 Did they have a trough at the very least
 or a nose bag each, maybe?
 What was the--
 Well, they didn't say exactly why it was.
 Well, I guess, officially, it was kind of just
 so that the local village can kind of be part of it or whatever.
 But a lot of people thought that maybe it
 was to stop the paparazzi game there or whatever
 because there's so many people.
 And no one really knows.
 But it was crazy.
 There were more than 20,000 Caterpays.
 20,000.
 It might have been there.
 There would have been 10,000 fewer within five minutes.
 So some world weddings in the past have gone really badly.
 And they're really fun to read about.
 So George IV, for instance, he met his future wife,
 Caroline at Brunswick, in 1795.
 And it was the age when it was just arranged.
 She was not flown over.
 She was brought over to the UK.
 And at the moment he set eyes on her, his first words were,
 I am not well.
 Get me a glass of brandy.
 And he proceeded to spend the next 24 hours
 in a drunken stupor and the wedding night
 lying on the floor in a drunken stupor.
 He arrived late to that wedding
 and stumbled up the aisle completely drunk.
 And then he refused to say any of his vows
 until his father ordered him to behave himself.
 And they separated quite soon after that.
 Wow.
 I read that he only got married because parliament said,
 we will pay off your debts, but only if you marry this woman.
 Yeah.
 So that's the sole motivation he had.
 He seems like the kind of person who would have racked up
 a lot of debts, doesn't he?
 Yeah.
 And I think did he stare at his mistress
 who was in the front row throughout the ceremony?
 I don't know.
 Poor woman.
 Yeah.
 So there was another one in 1736.
 There was a German princess Augusta arrived in London.
 She was 17 years old.
 And she had to marry the heir to the throne who was Frederick,
 who didn't end up becoming king.
 But she was told by her mum, look, they all speak German
 there, it's fine, because she spoke no English.
 She got there, nobody spoke any German.
 She didn't speak any English.
 She was absolutely terrified.
 She was ushered down the aisle.
 She was sobbing.
 She was clinging to her mum's coattails apparently,
 saying, please don't make me do this.
 The groom of Frederick, apparently,
 just shouted the vows in her ear
 that she had to repeat verbatim.
 And then immediately after that, she
 vomited all down her dress and all over the skirt
 of her new mother-in-law.
 And that was the start of what turned out
 to be quite a happy marriage, actually.
 Oh, we have to move on shortly.
 If you guys have anything before we do--
 oh, I've got one thing.
 The movie, "The King's Speech," that was about George's
 thick.
 He had a stutter.
 Did you deliberately?
 It just came out as I did it.
 Are you auditioning for the sequel?
 So Colin Firth played him in the movie.
 And in order to do it, obviously,
 he taught himself to do a stutter for the movie.
 Then the movie finished, and Colin Firth found himself
 not being able to get rid of the stutter.
 So then he himself had to be treated for an artificially
 manufactured stutter.
 Isn't that great?
 No way.
 Way.
 I love that on the dance Wikipedia.
 If it ever existed, you'd look for the citation
 at the bottom, or just a row of numbers.
 Way, way, way.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I've also got quite nice hat, little thing.
 So the politeness of the British with the hat back in the day,
 Michael Bond passed away this year,
 who was the author of Paddington Bear.
 And Paddington Bear was largely based on his father.
 And his father apparently was so polite and nice
 that when he used to go swimming,
 he would wear into the ocean, his trunks,
 and also his hat, just in case he passed someone
 as he was swimming, so he could say, oh, good day to you.
 And if his hat to them, is that lovely?
 Yeah.
 Did you know that on a hat etiquette,
 the reason we have cloakrooms today,
 where you put your hat and your coat in a cloakroom,
 is because of hats in the olden days.
 So when everyone was wearing hats up until the early 1900s,
 they took up half the space in restaurants.
 Because, as we said earlier, men
 had to take off their top hats when they went inside
 into a restaurant, for instance.
 But then you didn't want to leave it under the table,
 because it couldn't really fit.
 So it would take up a second chair.
 And there was a guy, this guy called AJ Liebling,
 at one point said, you know, a restaurant's
 of 50% occupied by hats who don't eat anything.
 We should really infer that cloakroom to store these.
 And that's what I like.
 I'd be lovely if there was a smaller hat table
 with, you know, and a hat's menu.
 Right, well, they all got to hang out together.
 OK, should we move on to our final fact?
 OK, it is time for our final fact of the show.
 And that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that the Brazilian frog, known
 as the Pumpkin Toadlet, has a mating call
 that can be heard by every animal out there,
 except for one other Pumpkin Toadlets.
 It turns out they're deaf.
 [LAUGHTER]
 They do these croaks to get their attention.
 And they keep getting eaten.
 They're probably going, why am I exposing myself so much?
 And it turns out it must be an evolutionary thing
 where they did used to be able to hear.
 And somewhere along the line, they went deaf,
 the entire species.
 I think they're subspecies within the Pumpkin Toadlet.
 So there's two species, specifically, that are deaf.
 And what they think is that when they're doing the call,
 the way it moves their neck, another Pumpkin Toadlet,
 female Pumpkin Toadlet sees the moves of the shakes
 or whatever of the toad.
 And they're like, that looks like he might be saying something.
 I have no idea.
 But it looks hot, so I'll go over.
 But what usually would happen in evolution purposes
 is that you would lose the call because you would
 protect yourself from predators.
 But they haven't.
 And it's the first case that we've ever
 found of an animal that hasn't lost the call
 when it's redundant and exposes it to predators.
 But it will be getting there presumably.
 We're always surprised when we find animals
 that haven't evolved into this perfect being.
 But presumably in a few million years it's there.
 We're just in the ship phase.
 Yeah, you're right.
 We're in the learning phase.
 When you're in the ship phase, you do often die out.
 You get extinct, don't you?
 Yeah, that is a risk for the toadlet.
 Apparently they do little waves as well.
 Yeah.
 Like this.
 Well, I can understand why the females come aflocking.
 LAUGHTER
 I must have it, that is a great podcast material, is it?
 Yeah, yeah.
 Well James was doing is.
 He was making a gesture that made it seem like he was trying
 to, like, work out somebody's height.
 It's like, you have a child and you're going,
 is that four-foot, five-foot, four-point-five?
 Yeah, that's what he was like, four metres, three metres,
 or so.
 Five or six metres.
 Five or six metres, OK.
 Yeah, so, unfortunately, for the frog, it happens to be the case
 that, and it's like a bright orange colour.
 Yeah, they're really tiny, aren't they?
 They're really tiny.
 I like the size of your thumbnail almost.
 They're really super small.
 Yeah, and their call is quite soft as a result.
 But they still can be heard by the predators.
 But they are incredibly toxic.
 So if they do get eaten, they might end up
 killing the predator anyway.
 So they're probably just actually just being really cocky.
 And they're just going, hey, I'm here, I'm here, what are you going to do?
 What are you going to do, nothing?
 Do you know that there's a type of frog called a cocky frog?
 No, really?
 It's in-- I can't remember where they're from.
 They're from an island somewhere, but they're now on Hawaii,
 which is also an island, but it's different islands where they're from.
 But they're on Hawaii, and they make a hell of a racket.
 They're really, really loud.
 And the load of people in Hawaii are really hastiness
 because it keeps them awake at night when they're mating.
 Just get loads of horny frogs just making loads and loads of lies.
 That's like there's something called the--
 I thought I was looking at other sounds that animals could make.
 And I was wondering, do fish make mating calls?
 And they make really loud ones.
 So there's a fish called the plainfish midshipman fish,
 which is in the Toadfish family.
 So it's got Toad relations.
 And it hums to attract mates.
 So it makes its hum which sounds like a guitar amplifier,
 or it sounds like a flock of bees.
 -Flock of bees. -Sure, a flock of bees.
 Yeah.
 And it turns out that they make so much noise
 that they live in California and they're constant complaints
 to the police for the noise that they make,
 because they're disrupting people's sleep
 and drowning out people's conversations.
 And they growl and they grunt as well to keep out intruders.
 And they didn't know what it was for a long time.
 So people were calling the police saying,
 "Someone's keeping me awake all night."
 And it's them.
 And the person who eventually found out about this weird noise
 that they make as a researcher called Andrew Bass,
 B-A-Double-S, which is the first case
 of double nominative determinism I've ever found.
 -As in-- -Double.
 It's a fish.
 And it's the bassy noise that the fish make.
 Oh, I thought there was a fish species called Andrew.
 [LAUGHTER]
 That makes more sense.
 -The Andrew fish. -Yeah.
 Did you guys know some frogs call so much
 and so vociferously for a mate that, once they've got a mate,
 they're too tired to follow through and have sex with the female.
 The female arrives and they say, "I'm sorry, I can't.
 "I'm no good to you now."
 They lose loads of weight, don't they?
 They can't eat.
 They can't sleep, and they're so weak that they've just
 a floppy mess.
 And it feels like--
 [LAUGHTER]
 Everyone's had a night like that.
 I mean, that is it.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I've never done it.
 I've found the really cool one.
 There's a frog in Taiwan.
 It's an urban city frog, and it does a mating call,
 but it's worked out how to make their mating call better.
 It goes to storm drains, and it uses it as a megaphone.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So it gets to the top of a storm drain.
 And it literally, it's just whatever it's you're,
 "I'm super horny."
 "Honey, honey, honey, honey, honey, honey, honey, honey."
 And they found that the female frog goes to the edge
 of the storm drain, so it works for them.
 But do the females know that it's not--
 because it must sound like a massive frog.
 Oh, that sound like a super frog.
 It must, you're right, yeah.
 Do you know the biggest frog that's ever lived
 is about the size of a beach ball and it at dinosaurs?
 Wow.
 It's not like T-Rex's, though.
 No, like baby dinosaurs, you know.
 So the comment told the Latin name for that is Bufo, Bufo.
 And this frog, it was known as-- or is known as Bielza Bufo.
 Oh, hi.
 That's his official name, as well.
 That's not--
 but it was the size of a beach ball.
 And they worked out how strong it's bite was.
 And its bite was about 2,200 newtons,
 which is about the same as a lion's bite.
 Wow.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 Do you know how porcupines attract to each other?
 Or how male porcupines attract females?
 This really bite was.
 Really awesome spikes.
 It is actually-- well, it's in a way, yeah.
 They stand up on their hind legs,
 and they move, they shuffle towards the female just
 with their penis fully erect.
 And that's how they do it.
 It's a sun uncompromisingly direct flirting method.
 It's good.
 There's no question over what he's after.
 We like that.
 Or sometimes, and you can see pictures of this, they hop.
 They lift one arm, their front paw off the ground,
 and they hop on the other one, whilst clutching their crotch
 with the one that's off the ground.
 They do.
 And this attracts the women.
 And if the woman or the female porcupine likes that enough,
 the crotch dance, then she'll allow them to have sex with her.
 And usually, if she's not up for sex,
 then a male porcupine can't get in there,
 because she's so spiny.
 And then the way you know that she likes you
 is she puts her tail up, and it covers all of her spines,
 which means that you will not be impaled.
 She's a very good, very good system.
 Do you know that some frogs change color
 to make their life easier when they're in orgies?
 Really?
 If you've been in orgie, your life doesn't get much easier, does it?
 Yeah, you've made it.
 You're fine.
 Well, it does, if you're a frog, you see,
 because there's a lot of them.
 There's loads and loads of frogs all get together.
 Might be a particularly nice puddle or something.
 But these are in some species.
 They all get together, and they'll just
 shag anything.
 Male, female, tennis ball, whatever.
 There are some pictures of tennis balls
 landing into this orgie of frogs,
 and all the frogs just go for it.
 Really?
 What happens to the match?
 The charge is six going down, you know?
 So that's what happens.
 And, but there are some species.
 A lot of these species who do this kind of group mating,
 they also change colour, and no one was really sure why,
 and it seems that the reason they do it is to say,
 "I'm a man, or I'm a woman, you know, keep off me."
 Oh, wow, it's like when you go to those parties at union,
 you have to wear a traffic light colour depending
 on how available you are.
 Yeah, exactly.
 But the problem is, at the start, they're all green.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Have you heard of this thing?
 So when frogs have, it's called explosive breeding, isn't it?
 They do this thing called explosive breeding,
 which is instead of mating all year round,
 they have one session, you know, every year.
 And all the mating happens then.
 So some females, because there's a horrible crush of bodies,
 some females are crushed to death in these things.
 Unfortunately, it's already unfortunate, yeah.
 Let me rephrase it, put the column in a different place.
 Some females are crushed to death, unfortunately.
 [LAUGHTER]
 But the male frogs will still mate with them successfully,
 successfully.
 OK, so it's all about the mating habits
 outside the body, because the female produces eggs.
 The male produces sperm, and they meet outside the body.
 So the males sort of go up and squeeze the females.
 Oh, God.
 And they squeeze.
 It's just nature, guys.
 It's just nature.
 It can't be gross if it's just nature.
 [LAUGHTER]
 No, that's not a defense for anything.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah, and they squeeze the eggs out of the body
 and then mate with them.
 Amazing.
 Yeah, it is messed up.
 I'm sorry.
 So Seahawks, look at that.
 Don't boo the frogs.
 It's their instincts.
 I don't think the frogs are the ones being booed.
 [LAUGHTER]
 He's pointing at me.
 I don't, mate.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So Seahawks has the best mating rituals,
 the best way of attracting each other,
 which people might have seen, but it's so great.
 So they change colour as well to attract mates.
 And then when they've got something they think they fancy,
 they swim for hours and hours together,
 and they get their tails intertwined,
 and they go snout to snout.
 And they spin around, and they do this incredible dance.
 But another thing they do is when they're in the flirting period,
 they meet up every morning, and they hang out together
 for a couple of hours.
 And then they part ways again.
 They date each other.
 I know.
 It's so sweet.
 And so they do this sort of pre-dawn dance
 where they meet up.
 They do that.
 And then once they're ready, on like the fourth or fifth date,
 or whenever you think is appropriate,
 then they do the full eight hour corp chip dance,
 the ends in pregnancy.
 And that's--
 You see, Andy, this is how you tell a story about animal mating.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah.
 There's no food we can go to now.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Does the sea horse then die?
 And then they just punches it in their head until the eggs come out?
 It's--
 Yep.
 That's the romantic climate.
 Right.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Sorry.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I didn't think it was interesting.
 And I realized it's just horrible.
 I'm sorry.
 David Attenborough doesn't get this shit, does he?
 Necro is David Attenborough.
 He picks his targets carefully.
 [LAUGHTER]
 We need to wrap up shortly.
 [LAUGHTER]
 We need to get in the van and leave this town.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Thank you for listening to the last episode.
 That's such a big surprise.
 [LAUGHTER]
 You guys have anything before we do?
 I can give you some names of frogs.
 Great.
 I read a list of all the names of all the frogs.
 Andrew, Billy, Bobby.
 Well, Andrew's a fish as we've established our name.
 So there is the demonic poison frog.
 They all have amazing names.
 The hole in the head frog.
 The brilliant thigh to poison frog.
 And the Pobblebunk.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Pobblebunk.
 Pobblebunk.
 You have to say it like that.
 That's appropriate, because someone had a frog in their throat
 as they named that animal.
 [LAUGHTER]
 All right, let's wrap up, guys.
 OK, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening to us.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we've said over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland.
 Andy, please just don't contact him this way.
 [LAUGHTER]
 James.
 That's James Harkin.
 Ed Shazinski.
 You can email podcast@QI.com.
 Yep.
 Or you can go to his jet ski.
 You want to say you're there, don't you?
 No.
 I'm immediately setting myself to private.
 [LAUGHTER]
 You can get our group account, which is at no such thing,
 or you can go to our website.
 No such thing is a fish.com.
 We have all of our previous episodes up there.
 And we also have a link to our book, which is now out,
 which we're about to give a copy away to one of the members
 of our audience who sent us in a fact.
 And that fact, Anna, you have it.
 Yes.
 This fact is from Hannah Winterborn, who I think is in here somewhere.
 Yes.
 And this fact-- this is the fact that--
 Oh, the six of her.
 [LAUGHTER]
 This is the fact that British Army soldiers
 can wear the same underwear for three months straight, apparently.
 And that is because it's antibacterial underwear, I believe.
 And Hannah, who is here tonight, has worn this underwear for three
 months straight.
 Wow.
 That's really exciting.
 Yeah.
 Cool.
 OK.
 Well, yeah, we'll give you a book after the show.
 Guys, thank you so much for being here tonight.
 We hope you had fun.
 We'll be back again next week with another episode.
 See you then.
 Goodbye.
 [APPLAUSE]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
