 (upbeat music)
 - Hello and welcome to another episode
 of No Such Thing As A Fish, a weekly podcast.
 This week, coming to you live from Newcastle!
 (audience cheering)
 (upbeat music)
 - Hi, it is Dan Schreiber,
 and I am sitting here with Anna Tyshinski,
 Andrew Hunts and Murray, and Jay Tarkin.
 And once again, we have gathered round the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days,
 and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that Harry Houdini's dog
 was a professional escape artist.
 (audience laughing)
 - Did they call him Harry Houdini?
 - Brilliant, very nice.
 They should have, no, they called him Bobby.
 And Bobby was Harry Houdini's dog,
 aka the only handcuff king dog in the world,
 and Bobby headlined the 14th Annual Society
 of American Magicians Dinner.
 This is the annual thing that they had.
 Harry Houdini was the president at the time,
 and he taught Bobby to be an escape artist,
 so he made him little tiny handcuffs
 that would go around his wrist.
 - Do you know if you were the second on the belt
 of that dog?
 - Yeah.
 - You've been invited to the Society of American Magicians.
 This is your big chance.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - And you have to warm up for a fucking dog.
 - Yeah, exactly, it's so funny.
 - But he could do, I mean, it wasn't just the handcuffs,
 he also had a little tiny straight jacket
 that was made for him that he could escape from.
 - It sounds like an incredible act.
 - Apparently, I mean, according to Houdini,
 he said he was a dog gone hit from the evening.
 - Yeah, he wasn't known for his jokes, come on.
 (audience laughing)
 Don't give him shit for that.
 - He did that and he didn't go for Houdini.
 (audience laughing)
 - Oh, my goodness.
 - But yeah, so he loved pets generally.
 He had a lot of pets.
 He had a talking parrot called Laura.
 He had a pet turtle called Petey.
 He had an American eagle called Abraham Lincoln.
 And my favorite one is that he had a lot of parrots.
 He had one called Pat Houdini,
 and he taught this parrot how to pick locks.
 And Pat, after Houdini died, according to the story,
 Bess, his wife, was living in the house with Pat.
 Pat picked his own lock, got out of the cage,
 and flew away, and I was in there for a scene again.
 - Really? I disappeared.
 Wasn't it because of Bess
 that Bobby came to them in the first place?
 She bought Bobby from a butcher.
 It was a butcher's pet,
 and the butcher wouldn't let her give it a bone.
 And so I guess she thought,
 I really want to give this dog a bone, desperately.
 I'm going to buy it, so I can.
 Is that true?
 - That's the story.
 - It's a slightly confusing story, but yeah.
 - Magical dogs, just while we're on them,
 there are so many magical dogs.
 Have you heard of Oscar the Hypno Dog?
 - No.
 - Oscar the Hypno Dog was a recent performing dog.
 He played from 1989 to 2001,
 and then he had to retire for health reasons.
 Apparently, his owner said he could no longer
 hold the penetrating stare necessary for stage hypnosis.
 Basically, I think it was a chocolate Labrador,
 and he had these incredibly melting brown eyes.
 It was beautiful, and the story was that anyone
 who looked at Oscar the Hypno Dog's eyes
 will fall into a deep trance.
 And he went missing at the Edinburgh Fringe in 1995,
 and they put up posters all over the place saying,
 "Oscar is missing, be very careful.
 "Do not look into his eyes."
 - That was the Edinburgh Fringe that they put that up?
 - He was hard to...
 Oscar performed all over, and his only...
 - Can you imagine a worse time in the world
 to put up missing posters than at the Edinburgh Fringe?
 (laughing)
 - Can you take one of these?
 - No, thank you, I'm all right, take one of these.
 - But he was just allowed to wander around the audience, Oscar,
 and his owner was the hypnotist, obviously.
 His owner was called Hugh Lennon,
 and was a brilliant hypnotist.
 But there is an account that Oscar was just free
 to walk around the aisles of the theatre
 in the interval and things like that,
 and he saw a man eating some crisps,
 and being a dog, obviously, he wanted some crisps,
 so he just sat and stared at the man,
 hoping for some crisps,
 and then the man crumpled over in his chair
 in a deep, catatonic, hypnotic trance.
 - Wow, cool.
 - He crumpled like his very crisp packet.
 (laughing)
 Yeah, sort of dogs doing cool tricks
 goes back such a long way.
 - It seems like as soon as we decided,
 man decided to befriend the dog,
 we started making them do weird stuff.
 It was like the 14th century,
 the Middle East in the 14th century,
 in the marketplace, there'd be merchants
 who trained their dogs to put on proper plays and stuff,
 dramatic performances, and they'd dress them up,
 and they'd act out parts.
 I read a thing that in the sixth century,
 so, you know, 1500 years ago,
 there was a Byzantine chronicler
 who said there was a showman
 who, his show, was bringing his dog to the marketplace,
 and the dog would collect rings from audience members,
 I guess he handed over your wedding ring or whatever,
 and crossed your fingers,
 and then he'd bury them,
 and then he'd have the dog dig up all the rings
 and return them to the correct person.
 - Oh, wow. - Impressive.
 - In 1670, Philip the Duke of Olion in Paris,
 he possessed a dog who knew how to sort books
 alphabetically by offer.
 - Cool. - Apparently.
 (all laughing)
 - So what do you think there is to the level of truth
 that these dogs were, I don't think,
 psychically, but were learning to do with things?
 - Okay, well, here's one.
 Here's a famous one that we do know how they did it.
 So there was a famous dog genius
 in the 1820s called Monito,
 and they basically, they could spell,
 they could play cards, they could play dominoes,
 they could do maths.
 Like, with the maths, it would be what's two plus three?
 Is it one, is it two, is it three, is it four,
 is it five, and when you said five,
 he would go rah, rah, rah, rah, rah, like that.
 And the way that we know that he was doing it
 is his instructor would have, in his pocket,
 a tiny little toothpick, and he would just pring,
 pling the little toothpick, go bling, bling, bling.
 No one in the audience could hear it,
 but the dog could hear it, and as soon as he heard it,
 he knew he would have to bark.
 - That's very clever. - Yeah.
 - There is another thing where people think
 that dogs are doing this, and they're actually not,
 but the dogs are picking up on signals
 that the humans don't realise they're giving off.
 So there was a thing, the Hundsplech Schuller Azra,
 which is also known as the Nazi Talking Dog Programme,
 which John Boddison, you know, friend of the show,
 has written about before, he wrote a book
 called Amazing Dogs, and they were convinced
 that dogs could be taught to count or talk quite well.
 - And what were the Nazis gonna do with this information?
 - I don't know, it's such a good question.
 - Because, like, the British supposedly, you know,
 lovers of dogs, you know, famously,
 maybe they were gonna turn them against their owners.
 - That's absolutely true, yeah, yeah.
 Well, there were lots of headlines,
 things like "Heel Hitler" or "The Third Reich" and...
 - K-9? - 9?
 - Yes!
 - Anyway, they didn't have a...
 John Boddison clarified that the Nazis did not have a legion
 of talking machine gun toting hounds, so...
 - The programmers are bad. - There is famously,
 I can't remember all of this,
 but there's famously a Nazi monument in London.
 I think there's one. - Right.
 - And it was a Nazi dog, and the dog died in London.
 It was like the German ambassador's dog,
 and they give a proper Nazi funeral,
 and they put a little kind of thing up,
 and that's the only Nazi memorial in the whole of London.
 - Wow, really? - I'm still there.
 - It's still there, yeah. - That's a bit weird.
 - Oh, I suppose the dog... - That's what you wanted.
 - Are you proposing, are you proposing we tear it down?
 - Maybe you're proposing we get a few more.
 - I'm just surprised in the big moment of all the statues going down,
 that no one went, "Can we just lob this one in this one?"
 - Yeah. - Fair enough.
 - The dog didn't know what it was doing in its defence.
 Uncessel Rhodes did, is all I'm saying.
 - Fair enough.
 Do you know the movie Air Bud?
 It's a movie about a dog that becomes a basketball sensation,
 because it can play basketball.
 It's a kid's film. - True story, yeah.
 - Based on, yeah. - Based on, kind of,
 because it turned out that Bud, the dog that was hired for the movie,
 it wasn't CGI, Bud could play basketball.
 This was a stray golden retriever that, in 1989,
 was found roaming the mountains of Yosemite,
 and the person who found him, and I called him Buddy,
 he trained him in a lot of different sports.
 So he trained him how to catch a baseball pitch.
 I don't know how that's possible.
 He then set up a hockey net,
 and he showed him how to block shots coming into the net.
 But then he taught him how to shoot basketball,
 and he went on the David Letterman show,
 and he displayed it, and how he did it.
 He became quite a national star.
 - I'd like to have seen him do pole vault.
 - Yeah?
 He might have done.
 But there was no CGI use.
 He was playing real basketball.
 He was shooting hoops.
 - And was LeBron James frightened of his career,
 or how could we tell him that Bob and James were alike?
 - Guys, you're gonna have to get on board.
 You knew what you were coming to.
 - You bought the tickets.
 - I've just got one more thing on, sort of,
 the risk to performing "Docs" now.
 - Yes.
 - Because now, people are, you know,
 motion capture is really good.
 So there is a film called "The Call of the Wild,"
 based on a book by Jack London,
 out last year or the year before,
 stars Harrison Ford, and it's about this man
 and his dog best friend.
 And they didn't use a dog for it.
 They used a guy called Terry,
 who just wore a motion capture suit.
 Terry Notary is his name,
 and he just would go around on all fours
 for the whole film, pretending to be a dog,
 and then they CGI'd the whole thing.
 - Oh, wow.
 - And there's a scene where they're lying together,
 you know, like, the dog is in Harrison Ford's lap,
 and it's very moving.
 And it's just a guy called Terry.
 (audience laughing)
 The production photo's unbelievable.
 And Terry, he's a serious motion capture dude.
 Like, he's an anti-circus-style guy.
 So he said it was about trying to be present for Ford
 and let him forget, really forget that I was a human,
 and be a dog and dissolve into it.
 Harrison Ford said, "Terry Notary does a great tennis ball."
 - Wow.
 (audience laughing)
 - Is there a scene in the movie,
 and I really hope there is,
 where the dog takes a poo on the grass, because--
 (audience laughing)
 - And then Harrison Ford has to pick up Terry's poo.
 (audience laughing)
 - You can see in his face that he's not happy in that scene.
 He's putting the bag around.
 Oh, fuck, Terry!
 (audience laughing)
 - Listen, we need to move on to our next fact.
 It is time for fact number two, and that is Anna.
 - My fact this week is that in the First World War,
 MI5 employed 90 girl guides.
 They tried Boy Scouts at first,
 but found they couldn't be trusted.
 (audience laughing)
 - So what did they employ them to do?
 - Well, lots of stuff.
 So this was girl guides, age 14 to 16,
 and it was very shortly after the girl guides
 had been founded,
 and they were paid tensionings a week.
 They were at nine-hour days,
 and they were asked to sort of carry messages
 between floors, to carry messages across town,
 and they had to swear an oath
 that they would never open the messages
 and read what was inside them.
 And yet they tried it with boys first,
 with the Boy Scouts,
 and they'd found they were too boisterous
 and too mischievous.
 Not what you want in a spy.
 - It's really cool to do newly formed girl guides
 going around the MI5 HQ.
 They were a company, you know,
 'cause you get companies of girl guides.
 They were the special MI5 guide company,
 and they got quite seriously involved with the war,
 you know, like back-of-house capacity,
 but they worked in the--
 (audience laughing)
 - To begin with, but then it was quite sad
 at the end, wasn't it?
 - The front lines.
 - Over the top now.
 Do I get a bunch for this?
 I'm just throwing brownies at the enemy.
 (audience laughing)
 - Yeah, okay, yeah, point taken.
 But they worked in the Postal Censorship Office,
 and that was also where they dislodged Boy Scouts
 from the role that the Boy Scouts had there.
 The poor Boy Scouts, I mean,
 they clearly had really muffed it.
 But they also, this is the most amazing thing,
 the girl guides, they acted as messengers
 for the signing of the Treaty of Versailles.
 16 of them were invited to witness
 the signing of the Treaty of Versailles.
 The leaders of Europe and 16 girl guides were there.
 (audience laughing)
 I just think that's incredible.
 - But yeah, they were, they're very cool,
 and I think they were a little bit goody too choosy,
 shockingly enough, girl guides as they were.
 There was an MI5 employee who said
 they used to sort of be always lurking in corners.
 But being useful, but you know, just always there,
 you can imagine, what's this 14 year old girl doing
 in my office?
 (audience laughing)
 - Well, they had to always wear their outfits, didn't they?
 Like, they had to wear their hats,
 and they had to wear their skirt
 was not allowed to be more than eight inches off the ground.
 And so they dressed in that,
 you wouldn't just see a random 14 year old girl,
 you would know they were.
 - You'd know, you'd know.
 But apparently in their breaks,
 this MI5 employee said the girl guide
 retires to her attractive little sitting room
 where she converses on high topics with her friends.
 - Aw, so sweet. - I know, so sweet.
 - They were quite controversial
 when they first came about, girl guides, girl scouts.
 - Were they?
 - Yeah, they were, so initially it was just thought
 to be a boys thing,
 and Baden Powell had set up the Boy Scouts,
 and there were a few moments where,
 particularly in Crystal Palace in London,
 where a bunch of Boy Scouts got together,
 a thousand in order to just do a big display
 and say we're here.
 And completely unsanctioned,
 these girls came along, dressed up in the--
 - The Boy Scouts costume at the time.
 - The Boy Scouts, sorry, yeah.
 - 'Cause they're one of the girls scouts.
 - And declared themselves to be girl scouts.
 And Baden Powell suddenly was like,
 "Hang on a second, this might be a thing."
 He just assumed,
 because any time that they were trying to do it,
 the reviews, they got reviews, were bad.
 They were saying, there were complaints saying that,
 they were mannish girls,
 and girls not being peaceful if they were in a uniform.
 They were worried that it was gonna start
 this whole new, different thing.
 And so they were really against it,
 and the girls said, "No, screw you, we're doing it."
 - Yeah, they were very plucky.
 It was led by a team of, I think, six or seven girls.
 And this was a huge march.
 It was the first Boy Scouts march, 1909.
 The Boy Scouts had just been founded.
 11,000 boys, and apparently 2,000 girls also turned up,
 and led by these six or seven girls who just decided
 we wanna get involved with this,
 and pretty much went up to Baden Powell.
 He went up to them and said, "We want it."
 And to his credit, Baden Powell was always really pro.
 He wrote a lot of stuff even before this,
 saying how girls can be just as brave as boys.
 Over and again, they've proved it.
 It's just not part of their education.
 And within about a week, 6,000 girl guides
 had registered, hadn't they? - Wow.
 - Well, he thought at first,
 he might just let the girls into the Boy Scouts,
 and it would just be the Scouts.
 But then in the end, he decided
 they would do the girl guides instead.
 One of the reasons that they did that
 is because he was always worried about something
 that he called girlitis.
 And that was whenever his Boy Scouts got to a certain age,
 they started not being very interested in setting fires.
 - Oh, dear. - Yeah.
 - Wow. - It's a legitimate concern.
 - Yes, sir. - Let's face it.
 - Wow.
 Gosh, is it, yeah.
 So...
 (audience laughing)
 - I'm used to... (laughing)
 - Okay, I said it, all right.
 Can I, why are you drooling?
 Stop drooling.
 - I'm not drooling. - Put that woggle away.
 (audience laughing)
 - Can I tell you one more thing about Girl Guides' War?
 - Yes, please. - Yeah.
 - First World War specifically, this one.
 They were very helpful in both World Wars, actually,
 the Girl Guides.
 And one of the things they did,
 along with the Boys Brigade, Scottish organization,
 and the Boy Scouts,
 the Girl Guides did a lot of collecting of sphagnum moss
 during the First World War. - Oh, Jesus Christ.
 - And it's very interesting.
 It was used for wound dressing,
 as I think we may have mentioned once or twice
 on this podcast before.
 And they were the ones out there in the peat bogs
 picking up the moss, collecting it,
 so it could be used to dress wounds.
 And there was even a poem about it.
 What good news?
 (audience laughing)
 - We don't have time for that, I don't think.
 - We do, we do, and we will.
 Mrs. A.M. Smith of the Edinburgh War Dressing Supply
 organization wrote this very brief poem, all right.
 The doctors of the nurses look north with eager eyes
 and call on us to send them the dressing that they prize.
 No other is its equal.
 In modest bulk it goes until it meets the gaping wound
 where the red lifeblood flows.
 Then spreading, swelling in its might,
 it checks the fatal loss and kills the germ
 and heals the hurt, the kindly sphagnum moss.
 (audience laughing)
 What a poem!
 What a poem!
 - Oh, dear.
 Pretty good.
 - There was a concern, so it was controversial
 when they were formed and lots of pushback.
 And one of the reasons, other reasons that they were separated
 is because it was thought that Boy Scouts
 wouldn't like the idea that girls were joining in their games
 and it made them kind of effeminate and silly.
 And someone wrote to Bade and Powell
 very shortly after they were formed saying,
 they thought it was ridiculous,
 this idea that you could have girls scouts
 given that girls aren't even allowed to run,
 hurry, swim, ride a bike,
 or raise their arms above their head.
 (audience laughing)
 It was a very strict parenting that that man was enforcing.
 - Hurry, you're not allowed to hurry?
 - You weren't allowed to hurry as a girl, apparently.
 - In 1909, yeah?
 Raise your arms, you couldn't put your hand up in class.
 That's why they didn't do as well in education.
 - Couldn't do the YMCA?
 - No, no, couldn't do the MOBOT.
 Although that wouldn't become a problem
 for another 100 years, so it was probably fine.
 - I don't think the YMCA dances much of an issue
 in 1909 either.
 (audience laughing)
 - Well, another dance actually got them into trouble.
 They always seemed to, like when you read in the news,
 it always seems that girl scouts
 are somehow involved in some weird controversy.
 So 1996, the American Society of Composers,
 authors and publishers, threatened to sue them
 over royalties for songs that members would sing
 during campfires.
 So they said to them, "You're not allowed to sing our songs
 "unless you're paying a royalty."
 And the idea was, yeah, groups would have to pay $250
 for public performances for the rights to songs
 that they wanted to sing.
 - But what were they, they must have been singing
 pop songs then, right?
 - Yeah, it was pop songs and so on.
 - God, what, was it the Rolling Stones who were complaining?
 Is it the Paul McCartney who was--
 - It was the publishing companies.
 And so there were cautions.
 There were copyright infringement penalties that they said.
 They said, "We'll charge you 100,000
 "or you will get a year in prison."
 Like, they were really strict things.
 And it was a dance that stopped all of this nonsense
 happening because footage was shown of them on TV
 dancing the Macarena with no music
 and there was such a backlash from the public going,
 "Don't make girl scouts dance the Macarena
 "without the fucking song."
 (audience laughing)
 - At least with a Macarena,
 you never have to put your hands above your head.
 - That's not, that's, exactly.
 - He is only, yeah.
 - Yeah, he is only.
 - One thing that neither boy scouts
 nor girl guides were allowed to do
 in official literature was masturbate.
 They were given official books.
 - What, they're not allowed to do it in literature?
 - Sorry, full stop, in or out of literature.
 The Girl Guides guidebook said,
 "Don't masturbate, it can lead to blindness,
 "paralysis and loss of memory."
 - Sorry, didn't it, it said in the guidebook then.
 - Yeah, really, really.
 - I don't think it said,
 I don't think it said the word masturbate,
 but I think it was clear what the,
 'cause a lot of it was taken from the Boy Scouts guidebook,
 it was pretty much copied directly over.
 - Wow. - And, yeah, I know.
 - I don't recall ever seeing a no masturbation badge
 on a scale.
 (audience laughing)
 - Have you not?
 - No.
 - Well, you're not trying hard enough to earn it then.
 (audience laughing)
 There was a vice, actually.
 The Girl Guides guidebook is funny, reading it now,
 you know, so here's a great bit of advice
 from it, "It is said that you can tell a man's character
 "from the way he wears his hat.
 "If it is slightly on one side, the wearer is good-natured.
 "If it is worn very much on one side, he is a swaggerer.
 "If on the back of the head, he is bad at paying his debts.
 (audience laughing)
 "If worn straight on top, he is probably honest,
 "but very dull."
 (audience laughing)
 - We need to move on to our next fact.
 It is time for fact number three, and that is Andy.
 My fact is that there is a fictional Victorian detective
 who was created to be the opposite of Sherlock Holmes.
 In the only recent adaptation of the stories,
 the detective in question was played by Benedict Gumberbatch.
 (audience laughing)
 This is the fictional detective Thorpe Hazel,
 and these are the Thorpe Hazel mysteries
 by an author called Victor Lorenzo Whitechurch,
 and basically he is a railway-based detective.
 He only solves crimes that involve the railways,
 and he only solves them
 through the medium of railway timetables.
 (audience laughing)
 He's incredible.
 - That's awesome.
 - He's awesome.
 - He's a vegetarian railway detective.
 - He certainly is.
 - That's very important in the description.
 - Yeah, and I'm very proud to say I have a copy here
 of Stories of the Railway by Victor Lorenzo Whitechurch.
 The Thorpe Hazel mysteries are in here,
 and I just want to read you a brief poem about Moss
 from that book.
 No, it's basically, he's a book collector
 and a railway enthusiast,
 and it's always his knowledge of train timetables
 that saves the day.
 - So if you want to get away with something,
 just don't commit the crime on the railway.
 Just drag the victim 100 yards from the train track.
 - Well, that's the problem.
 That's where Sherlock Holmes gets you, right?
 If you do something on the railway,
 this guy gets you,
 everywhere else is Sherlock Holmes.
 - Isn't they divided at the top?
 - Is it like having your own spots of the city,
 you know, with like drug dealers?
 Like this guy's fucked up
 when Poirot has the Orient Express crime going on.
 (audience laughing)
 - Yeah, it's really charming.
 - And the author was also a railway nut,
 obviously, Victor Whitechurch,
 and he was a vicar and basically loved railways as well.
 And so there were loads of vicar's
 who were very productive around this time,
 maybe because they had cut down the requirement
 to deliver a two hour sermon on Sundays.
 Suddenly all these vicar's had time on their hands.
 - Well, the other thing about this guy,
 Victor Whitechurch, is he was a vicar
 in charge of the Mission Church
 at Williston Junction railway station.
 So he was well into his trains.
 I really like the way that he wrote his stories.
 So like most people would kind of like,
 think of the end of the story and then work backwards.
 He would get his characters, come up with a murder,
 describe the whole murder,
 and then go right from here,
 I'm gonna work out what happens.
 And he would solve the made up murder in his head
 as he went along.
 - Right, that's really cool, isn't it?
 - You're sort of reading the murder mystery
 as well as writing it.
 - Yeah, exactly.
 - Great.
 - Were they big at the time?
 Were they tourist?
 - Yeah, to the level of Conan Doyle's.
 - They were not as big as others.
 We would have heard more about thought-pays
 in the railway detective.
 The book was originally,
 the book I've got is called Stories of the Railway.
 It was originally called Thrilling Stories of the Railway.
 And at some point, so many of us decided,
 we can't sell these as thrilling stories of the railway.
 So I just don't back it up.
 - It's false advertising.
 I'm sorry. - It's really like.
 - He was, the veggie thing was interesting
 that he made him vegetarian.
 And not only vegetarian, but very fatty.
 So we've talked before a bit about how the turn
 of the 20th century vegetarianism started
 to be a bit of a thing in one of the stories.
 He asked for directions to a vegetarian restaurant,
 which is like the proper early days of vegetarian restaurants.
 And then he goes there and he lunches
 on rice pudding and prunes.
 So they weren't quite up to the standards
 that we have today.
 But he was really into this weird physical fads
 that came with it.
 So in one book, White Church writes,
 "He carried vegetarianism to an extreme
 "and was continually practicing various exercises
 "at the strangest description,
 "much to the bewilderment of those around."
 And so I was reading, there's one scene
 where a friend comes upon him and describes
 a sort of crime on the railway to him.
 And as the friend starts talking,
 Thorpe begins some exercises.
 And as, you know, he's been spoken to,
 it's like Hazel Thorpe smiled
 and went on whirling his arms around his head.
 - I've just read that story.
 - Have you?
 - It's the story of Peter Crane's cigars.
 And it's not very thrilling.
 But it is.
 - But it is a story.
 - It is a story on the railway, yeah.
 - And then what happens, Anna?
 - Well, all I know is that he mentions a timetable
 and suddenly Hazel Thorpe goes,
 "You begin to interest me," said Hazel,
 "stopping his whirly gigs
 "and beginning to eat his plasmon."
 (laughing)
 - It's nicely written for our language.
 Plasmon was a kind of biscuit.
 - What it is, is there's a cigar smuggling operation.
 - We don't have time for this.
 (laughing)
 - I really like sort of fictional detectives all this time,
 'cause lots of people were following Arthur Covendoll
 and trying to come up with like a detective with a gimmick.
 So there was a fictional detective called Max Carrados.
 I don't know if you guys came across.
 - No.
 - So he is blind, but despite that,
 he is so talented that he can read fine print by touch alone.
 - Wow.
 - He can also fire a pistol at targets accurately
 because his senses are so good.
 In one of the books, he can smell
 when someone is wearing a false mustache.
 (laughing)
 - That's so cool.
 - It's great. - It's really good.
 - It's weird because the person wearing a false mustache
 doesn't need to be doing it in the first place
 if the detective is blind.
 (laughing)
 - That's absolutely true.
 - There were lots of rip-offs of Sherlock Holmes
 at the very start.
 In the first 10 years or so,
 there was a detective called Sherwood Hoax,
 another Shylock Obes,
 Sherlock Shomes,
 Sherlock Gnomes,
 (laughing)
 Kerlach Combs,
 and Shamrock Jones.
 (laughing)
 - That's very good. - Nice.
 - I think that's sort of the Detection Club.
 - No.
 - Oh yeah, so cool.
 - Oh man.
 - It is a British club for detective writers.
 So Victor Whitechurch of Thor Paisel fame
 was a member himself.
 Lots of people remember us.
 Agatha Christie was the president for many years,
 and it has these sacred rituals that it enacts.
 It's really exciting.
 So a procession will enter
 if you're joining the club for the first time.
 Procession will enter led by a figure
 wearing a scarlet cloak and carrying Eric the Skull, okay?
 And you have to swear an oath to join,
 and then once you join, the president will says to you,
 if you fail to remember your promises
 and break even one of our unwritten laws,
 may other writers anticipate your plots,
 may total strangers sue you for libel,
 may your pages swarm with misprints,
 and may your sales continually diminish.
 (laughing)
 - And their rules are, they're strict.
 - They're really strict.
 - The rules written down in the '20s, I think,
 early '30s were your detective shall detect crimes
 using their wits and not placing reliance
 on divine revelation, feminine intuition,
 a mumbo jumbo, jiggery pokery, coincidence,
 or acts of God.
 And also, you can't conceal clues from the reader.
 But you know, the Skull that you put your hand on,
 it's not Eric.
 They sexted it recently, and it's Erica.
 - Oh! - Yeah.
 - Wow. - Yeah.
 Can I, there's a guy called Ronald Knox, who I love.
 He's another, he was another clerical detective author,
 actually, and he wrote these 10 Commandments
 of Detective Fiction, which are quite fun.
 So one of them is, not more than one secret room
 or passage is allowed per detective story.
 - That's fun. - And also,
 twin brothers and doubles generally must not appear
 unless we have been duly prepared for them.
 - Wow. - Anyway, he did this really cool thing,
 Ronald Knox, as well as being the detective author.
 1926, he interrupted all broadcasts
 on the one radio channel on the BBC,
 basically to announce that there was a riot in London.
 It was a spoof.
 People didn't realise it was a spoof.
 And it was bloody terrifying.
 So it contained, he said things like,
 "The crowd has now passed along Whitehall
 "and at the suggestion of Mr. Popplebury,
 "Secretary of the National Movement
 "for Abolishing Theatre Cues,
 "is preparing to demolish the houses of parliament
 "with trench mortars.
 "The clock tower has just fallen to the ground,
 "along with Big Ben.
 "The noise you just heard was the Savoy being blown up."
 (laughing)
 So the awfulest gooch has been intercepted
 by the remnants of the crowd
 and has been roasted alive in Trafalgar Square as I speak.
 And then it was snowing.
 So no one could get the news for days.
 So the BBC just received thousands of letters saying,
 "What's going on? Oh my God."
 - That's so funny. - We're going to have to move on very soon.
 I just want to quickly mention,
 there's a thing that we wrote about in the Book of the Year,
 which was, do you remember there's that story
 that Benedict Cumberbatch,
 he was in an Uber with his wife
 and suddenly he saw a robbery that was happening
 outside on the road.
 It was a Deliveroo driver
 who was being attacked by some four muggers
 who were trying to get to him.
 So he hopped out and he went,
 "Ah!" and sort of tried to stop it and it worked
 and they got away. - Classic show of move.
 - But so he successfully scared away these muggers
 and helped this Deliveroo person.
 But the thing is that this robbery was happening
 on Marlborough and High Street,
 which is just down the road from Baker Street in London.
 Can you imagine the robbers as they turned around
 to see Sherlock Holmes
 right next to where he should be looking around at them?
 - You feel honoured.
 You'd say, "Thank you."
 - I was just trying to mug a Deliveroo driver.
 I'm not sure this is a Holmes-level crime.
 - I was just thinking that, like, you know,
 this guy was all about his railway time tables.
 Like an Uber driver who would solve crimes
 would be pretty cool, wouldn't it?
 - Yes. - Yeah, that would be really cool.
 But is it based on the star rating that you have?
 - Yeah. - No, how could it be?
 - No. - Yeah.
 - It could be like... - Three stars,
 he drove a bit too fast,
 but he did solve the murder of my wife.
 - So...
 (LAUGHTER)
 - Just as OK, one tiny thing, which...
 P.D. James, brilliant, brilliant, brilliant, brilliant crime author,
 died only a few years ago.
 She was once doing a signing,
 and an Australian woman came to the front of the queue,
 said her name was Emma Chizit, right?
 P.D. James signed the book to Emma Chizit,
 only to realise this Australian woman
 had been asking how much the book cost.
 (LAUGHTER)
 - Emma Chizit. Emma Chizit. - Emma Chizit.
 (LAUGHTER)
 OK, it is time for our final fact of the show,
 and that is James.
 OK, my fact this week is that Himalayan chewing gum
 is made out of cheese.
 - Mmm. - And there it is.
 - Yeah. - It looks like sausages a little bit.
 - Yeah. - Or like ladies' fingers, maybe.
 - Like baguettes.
 - So in what sense is it chewing gum?
 - It's chewing gum in the sense that it's called Himalayan chewing gum,
 and that you chew it a lot.
 It's the world's hardest cheese that we know of.
 It's called chirpy, and because it's so, so hard,
 you put it in your mouth, and if you're like a yak farmer
 or something, you're just having your daily yak farm,
 then you put it in your mouth and you just chew it and chew it and chew it,
 and the saliva slowly makes it softer and softer and softer,
 and it's hours and hours that you chew this stuff,
 and eventually you can eat it,
 and so that's why they call it chewing gum.
 - It sounds nice, but it does sound unbelievably tough,
 as in there was a BBC journalist who tried it,
 and he chewed his piece for seven minutes.
 Seven minutes, didn't leave a scratch on it.
 - Yeah, it's really hard. - Wow.
 - I have had it, but I've not had the hard version,
 I've had the soft version. - Oh, God.
 - Do they ease you in on that?
 - Basically, this stuff, they've kind of dried it out for ages and ages.
 I think they put it in like an animal skin or something,
 and dry it out for ages,
 but if you have it early on before they do all that,
 it's more like cottage cheese, like Georgian cheese,
 and it's the national dish of Bhutan, it's called emadatzi,
 and that's the type that I had,
 and it's basically really, really, really, really hot chilies
 inside a bowl of this cheese, and it is delicious.
 It's one of the best things I've ever had.
 And they don't usually let foreigners eat it,
 because it's too spicy, that's what they say.
 - Oh, yeah, that's how they flutter every foreigner who walks in.
 (LAUGHTER)
 - Well, you know, those British people can't handle this one.
 - How so?
 - Right, it was in Bhutan's Nando's,
 and they put a very nice little flag on the top of it.
 - Did it have a lemon and a herb on it, is what I wanted to know.
 - But chirpy as well is sometimes used these days as a dog treat,
 because it's so chewy.
 I think even in America, I don't know if you can buy it here,
 but in America you can buy this cheesy dog treat
 that they can just keep chewing on. - Right.
 - I read a very spurious sentence about it,
 I thought, in one of the articles, which said,
 "Since it's rich in protein and fat,
 "it makes a great substitute for vegetables."
 (LAUGHTER)
 - I don't know, that's why we're eating our greens.
 - Can I tell you about the Fight Club for Cheese?
 - No, you can't tell us about the Fight Club for Cheese.
 - OK. - That's the whole point.
 - Oh, yeah, oh, shit.
 (LAUGHTER)
 - Damn it.
 (APPLAUSE)
 - Yeah, it's the Cheese Munger International,
 which happens in the USA, and it's...
 This was a description of the FT.
 "It involves 50 young cheese mungers
 "pitting their skills against each other
 "in a frenetic battle of curd-nerdery."
 (LAUGHTER)
 - That's just so cool. - It does sound fun, yeah.
 The charismatic founder, Adam Moskovitz,
 is called Mr. Moo and compares in a cow onesie.
 - Wow. - OK, a bit less cool now, it's cool.
 (LAUGHTER)
 - I wonder who's called him the charismatic founder.
 Sounds like something on his own website.
 Him and his onesie at the top.
 - You know, Baratta, the more delicious version of mozzarella?
 - Um, yep. - I didn't really know what that was,
 but it's... So it came about as a way of using up leftovers,
 and the way they did it, this was in the 1930s,
 it's in Apulia, it's the only place you can make it.
 Cream would be scraped off the top of milk,
 and it was usually chucked away,
 and instead they mixed it with stretched mozzarella curds
 to make that really creamy soupy inside,
 and then they blew mozzarella into a bubble,
 so they got mozzarella, and they blew like a bubblegum bubble,
 and then they stuffed this cream inside,
 and this was just to preserve it,
 so this meant that when you had like a day's journey to get to market,
 then this apparently insulated it from the heat of the sun,
 and meant that the cream and cheese didn't go off inside,
 so when you prod that open, but I just love that they blew into it,
 like a little, you know... - Yeah, that's incredible, yeah.
 - Bubble. - Like a bubble.
 - Don't make me that clear. - Liquid soupy stuff from cheese.
 This is an interesting new innovation that's happening around the world,
 and I wonder if it's going to take off in Wisconsin.
 They've been doing this, so they make a lot of cheese there,
 and they have a lot of master cheese makers there as well.
 So as a result of having a lot of cheese,
 they have a lot of excess brine that they need to get rid of,
 and what they do is they liquefy it,
 and they pour it on the side of the roads during winter in place of salt,
 and it works way better than salt does.
 It's great for them, because they're getting rid of a lot of waste,
 and they're using it really efficiently.
 - Does it not make the entire state smell of cheese?
 - It stinks like shit, yeah.
 - I think a lot of Wisconsin smells of cheese already to give that.
 - I could... OK.
 - But what's really interesting is, A, it's just a great way
 of just recycling the materials in a good way,
 but also, this typical salt they would use on roads,
 that would freeze at six below zero,
 whereas cheese doesn't freeze until 21 below zero,
 so it's actually even just useful in the sense that the colder it gets,
 it's still useful.
 - But that's why you never get cheese ice cream, tragically.
 - Oh, really? - No.
 (LAUGHTER)
 So, there was a big story, a big story in Germany last year,
 and that was that someone was living above a cheese shop,
 and she was very, very upset because her house smelled of cheese all the time.
 She said the smell of cheese was coming through her electrical sockets,
 and it went to court because she said that they should just stop selling cheese all the time.
 Basically, she was, like, putting signs up saying, "This place stinks of cheese."
 I was in a cheese-fucking-cheese shop, but she was putting that.
 He said that she had been hiding cheese behind a fuse box to frame him.
 (LAUGHTER)
 Anyway, so they found in favour of the cheese seller,
 but he's decided, "OK, I want to be a good neighbour,
 "so I'm going to move away anyway."
 But because of this story, no one will let him move into that shop anymore,
 and he's stuck in the place and she's stuck living above him.
 Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Isn't that bad?
 Will you re-home, Mr Stinky Cheese seller?
 (LAUGHTER)
 We've got to wrap up in a sec, guys.
 Anything before we do?
 St Hildegard of Bingen, who was friend of the podcast.
 Yeah, yes. Mystic from the 12th century.
 She always thought that all cheese should be dried,
 and she really liked her cheese,
 but she also thought that cheese was...
 Like cheese-making was how children was made.
 So she wrote that, "At first, the semen inside the woman is milky,
 "then it coagulates, then it becomes flesh,
 "and then it becomes the body."
 So it's cheese just halfway to becoming a human.
 Is that what she's saying?
 I guess it's what she's saying. It's terrifying.
 Wow, she was a wise woman,
 but she did get some things wrong, didn't she, Hildegard?
 Her restaurant was a disaster.
 But there was a guy called Tertuion,
 who was a father from the 2nd and 3rd century.
 He was like a priest,
 and he thought that the birth of Jesus was a bit like this.
 So Jesus had been born in a kind of cheesy way.
 So, like, away, yeah.
 So, like, the curds...
 Away, away in a manger.
 Away in a manger.
 So the curds liked cheese.
 (LAUGHTER)
 The curds liked cheese.
 Jesus had grown, Jesus had grown into his shape.
 And then he kind of got kicked out of the church
 because of this crazy stuff that he grew up with.
 Well, he went to another sect called the Montanists,
 and he kind of became really big in the Montanists,
 and they decided that as well as bread and wine
 and Holy Communion,
 you could also have a little bit of cheese with your wafer.
 (LAUGHTER)
 Look, we need to wrap up, I'm afraid.
 OK, that is it. That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things we've said over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Shrieberland.
 -Andy. -@AndrewHunterM.
 -James. -@JamesHarkin.
 -And Anna. -You can email podcast@qi.com.
 Yep, where you can go to our group account,
 which is @NoSuchThing, or you can go to our website.
 NoSuchThingIsAfish.com.
 All of our previous episodes are up there.
 Thank you so much, Newcastle, for being here today.
 That was absolutely awesome.
 Really appreciate it.
 We'll see you again next time.
 Goodbye!
 (APPLAUSE)
 (MUSIC)
 (APPLAUSE)
 (MUSIC)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
