 Hey everyone, welcome to this week's episode of Fish.
 Before we get going, I just want to let you know we have a very exciting comedian joining us on the show today.
 So Anna's away for this ep, but in her place we are joined by the brilliant Olga Koch.
 Olga is the perfect fish guest. Not only is she incredibly funny, but she's also an absolute thunderdork.
 She studied computer sciences, she speaks three different languages, she has a very confused and unplaceable accent like I do,
 and she is absolutely blitzing the comedy scene at the moment.
 You will have seen her no doubt on shows like Live at the Apollo, she's done pointless celebrities, and of course she's been on QI.
 But the best place, the absolutely best place to see Olga is Live in person at one of her stand-up shows,
 and she is currently on tour with her new show which is called Prawn Cocktail.
 She's traveling the UK, and then for any Aussie listeners out there, she's heading down under.
 So Aussies go and see her, she's absolutely brilliant live,
 and if you want to get a taste of what a full show by Olga is like, she's actually got a few specials up online.
 So if you go to YouTube, you're going to be able to see her 2022 show Just Friends, the full show is there, check it out,
 and then on Amazon Prime she has another special called Homecoming.
 Go to her website generally, rockandrolga.com, it has a list of all the things that she's done from podcasts to other bits and pieces.
 But for now, here she is, on no searching as a fish. On with the show.
 [Music]
 Hello, and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish,
 a weekly podcast coming to you from the QI offices in Hoburn.
 My name is Dan Schreiber, I'm sitting here with Andrew Hunter Murray, James Harkin, and Olga Koch,
 and once again, we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts from the last seven days,
 and in a particular order, here we go, starting with fact number one, and that is Olga.
 The world's best prawn cocktail eater practices his technique with budget meatballs.
 Wow.
 I would say that a prawn is different to a meatball, different enough that I wouldn't think it was useful for my training montage.
 I accept what you've just said, and I challenge you to a better replacement to a prawn, a better budget replacement to a prawn.
 Yeah, can I give you a better replacement to a prawn?
 Please.
 There was a guy called Stefan Gates, who wrote a book about eating insects, and he said if you don't have any prawns,
 let's say you don't live near the sea, then a woodlouse is a good replacement, and it will taste about the same.
 And budget too, I mean, all over the garden.
 Yeah, exactly.
 I don't think I can even picture a woodlouse.
 Is that a caterpillar?
 It's like a pill bug?
 No.
 I regret having that.
 So, insect armadillo.
 So, they're the little gray bears.
 Okay, so then if you de-shell it, it is still soft on the inside.
 Yeah, yeah.
 It'd be very fiddly to de-shell, wouldn't it?
 For the number that you need as well for the challenge.
 No, I think maybe I'm growing back and saying meatball's fine, as in that probably is the best.
 Maybe grabstick?
 Yeah.
 I mean, this guy probably knows what he's-- do we know his name?
 Yes, his name is Jeff Esper.
 Okay.
 And also, a very interesting thing about his technique is that he tries to mimic a prawn
 cocktail as much as he can, so he does eat them cold, and he eats them tossed in cocktail
 sauce, as opposed to, like, marinara or whatever you'd have your meatballs with.
 There's this amazing video of him online where you see the practice run where he uses the
 meatballs, and it's so weird.
 He's just on his own in his laundry with a camera running, and he's about to eat eight
 minutes worth of, like, meatball in his face.
 He says things like, "So, exactly, I'm going to use the same sauce."
 He's going 90% of the video, so I'm going 100%, and he's given it 90%.
 You know what?
 It's just for YouTube.
 Exactly.
 Yeah.
 So he's going 90, and then he says, "Really, I should be doing this outside, because I
 think the competition is outside, and I need to acclimatize."
 Sorry.
 Which geographical location is this happening in?
 If it's not the equator or the Antarctic, I don't think he needs to acclimatize.
 Well, that's the thing, so it was too cold for him to do it that day, so he didn't.
 But that factors into it. I guess it messes with your, like, capacity to swallow, your
 speed.
 Yeah.
 Can I explain one more reason why the meatballs were fine as a substitute?
 Oh, yeah.
 It's because the sauce is the most important part of this particular competition, because
 it is a seafood sauce, but it's really spicy.
 It's supposed to be the spiciest seafood sauce you can get.
 Someone who had it said, "It's like being electrocuted when you eat it."
 And so, really, he's more about getting through all this spicy sauce than it is about getting
 through the problems.
 Oh, his face almost melted right at the end of the video.
 I watched all eight minutes, and the final mouthful, he's on the brink of vomiting, and
 you watch for about 30 seconds, whether or not it's going to happen.
 Yeah, yeah.
 It's really close.
 Can I give you a few of his records?
 His other records?
 Because Jeff Esper, he's a big, big player in what is known as the MLE, the major league
 of eating.
 It's an official body, like you'd have the baseball league or the NBA, the MLE exists.
 So he's the record holder at certain points.
 He may have been broken since he set them for spam, eating 9.75 pounds of spam.
 Chicken wings, Fortune Bay Indian tacos, pretzels, pizzas, Jack's donut holes.
 Donut holes.
 Yeah.
 Oh, those are a thing, aren't they?
 Sorry.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 I was thinking.
 It's the bit that used to be in the donut.
 It's not just the answers.
 He's eating them all.
 That's why they're not there.
 Yeah, Texas sausage.
 Yeah, Texas sausage.
 Well, very impressive.
 For me, it seems like, you know, in Olympic swimming, how people get loads of medals because
 you get a medal for 100 meters, for 50 meters, for 200 meters is all basically the same thing.
 It feels to me like once you can eat a load of shrimp, then you could probably eat a load
 of donuts and you could probably eat a load of everything.
 Oh.
 He's only got one skill and he's getting all these records.
 I think it's all to do with training, right?
 Well, I think in major league eating, if you are some plucky kid out of nowhere, the best
 things to go for are things where you can innovate because there are some which are
 volume based.
 I see.
 Where you just have to drink as much honey as you can, whatever.
 And that depends on how big your stomach is.
 Exactly.
 That is just about.
 You do have to do that competition in just a top no pants pool.
 But if you're some like, you know, upstart, you might be able to develop a new technique.
 I see.
 So before we started today, you just had a cheese and what was it?
 Celery.
 Yeah.
 You might come up with a new way of eating that, like taking the celery out first.
 Exactly.
 Improving the sandwich by taking out the celery.
 I've already had a lot of slacking off about the sandwich, okay?
 But you might have exactly a new way to eat corn on the cob faster.
 You could attach it to like a black and decker, so it spins round.
 So those are the ones where if you're trying to get into this game and why would you?
 That's what you should do.
 Arriving in New York City on a greyhound bus, with just a corn in your bag.
 And do you think that you start by going to like breakfast restaurants that have those
 like breakfast challenges that put you on the, put your photo on the wall and then there's
 like a Tom Hanks in Elvis, like agent in a corner.
 Yes.
 Smoking a cigar.
 I think you've got promise kid.
 I went to a breakfast place the other day that had a breakfast challenge.
 You had to eat this entire, this huge list of like 40 sausages, 20 eggs.
 It wasn't as big as that, but it was, it looked doable.
 You had 20 minutes to do it.
 And if you managed it, you got the meal for free or you had to pay for the whole thing.
 And there was a leaderboard, right?
 That had the current champion, Pete Docherty of the Liberties.
 No.
 What?
 Is that the breakfast that was in the newspapers when you had that big breakfast, wasn't it?
 Yeah, yeah.
 Yeah, exactly.
 So no one's beat it since.
 No one's beat it since.
 No.
 Wow.
 I once went to one of these restaurants for like burgers and stuff and my sister ordered
 the huge sort of challenge thing.
 She's quite small, my sister.
 And she was really getting through it and the waiters are all looking at her going, bloody
 hell, she's doing good.
 And I just ordered one hamburger and it was really small and I ate it really quickly and
 I was like, I'm going to get another hamburger.
 And then I got my sister to order it.
 So she's wolfing down all this thing and she went, can I have another hamburger please?
 I read an interview with Jeff Esper.
 Oh yeah.
 His favorite movie is Cool Hand Luke.
 Oh, I haven't seen that.
 Well, in it, there's a guy who has to eat 50 eggs in an hour and that's I think why he
 likes it.
 Paul Newman.
 Paul Newman, yeah.
 No, hang on.
 Paul Newman then opened a very successful line of mayonnaise and salad dressing.
 Was that to eat with the eggs?
 It was the film viral marketing for Paul Newman Ranch.
 First ever.
 Yeah.
 Because the fastest way to eat 50 eggs is actually whip them up on the mayo, emuls them.
 Oh, really?
 He doesn't do that in the movie.
 He just numbs on them.
 But in the TV ads, he would be walking saying, I like my 50 eggs, 50 eggs per bottle.
 Come on.
 That would be amazing.
 Anyway, this interview then asked Jeff Esper what a movie of his life would be called
 and he said, Cool Hand Jeff.
 So he's quite a witty guy as well.
 Yeah.
 Poor Jeff.
 We love you, Jeff.
 But then in 2023, the second and third place in this shrimp eating competition were Miki,
 Pseudo and Nick Wehry and they're married to each other.
 Cool.
 Did they meet?
 Oh, did they meet doing the lady in the tramp?
 But it's like an 18 foot lung sausage and they're both slowly eating towards each other.
 I think they met in the competitive eating sphere.
 That's adorable.
 We locked eyes as we were both throwing up 100,000 marshmallows into a bucket.
 And they said they have a child, the two of them, and they said the child can do anything
 they want when they grow up, except become a competitive eater.
 Why?
 I think they're just in it and they don't feel like it's a good job to have.
 Feels like you're worried it's going to be a Darth Vader situation where the child's
 going to knock them off.
 What I want to say about Miki Pseudo is that she is, I believe the reigning champion of
 the Nathan's hot dog eating competitions, women's category.
 And Nathan's, the Nathan's Coney Island hot dog eating competition is really the biggest
 competition in the competitive eating league and the one that put competitive eating on
 the map.
 Major league eating.
 It was born out of Nathan.
 There you go.
 Yeah.
 But it's only been split by gender, I believe since 2011, before that women used to compete
 with men together and they used to place in the top three routinely.
 And then they split them.
 And I know all this from a book called Raw Dog by Jamie Loftus.
 It's an incredible book.
 I recommend it to everybody.
 And basically they were like, it's going to be the same, it's going to be the same.
 But the men's one is televised and the women's isn't.
 And women get less prize money.
 What?
 Oh, that's actually quite sorry.
 The men's is televised and the women's isn't.
 Yeah.
 That surprises me.
 You think it would be the other way around.
 I think a lot of perverts would be like nothing more than to see a woman eating 75 pot buns.
 It's either not televised or televised on like ESPN3 as opposed to ESPN1.
 Like it's something like that.
 It sucks.
 And it is the only competitive eating which is gender split.
 It's sausage eating.
 Right.
 It's the only one.
 Oh, really?
 Yeah, yeah.
 All the others are mixed.
 Oh, I was like, is that an innuender?
 You're like, no.
 That's up to the audience to make the innuender there.
 I'm just trying to picture you pitching why it should be back on TV and really isolating
 the pervert market.
 Yeah.
 I was thinking.
 They got big bucks.
 I would do an incredibly subtle pitch, which made it very, very clear who's tuning in.
 Joey Chestnut.
 Yeah.
 So he's managed 76 hot dogs in one go.
 And I think, I think we may have even mentioned before the thing to do is to dip the bun in
 the water so it gets all slides down, slides down.
 But I love this, the 1984 competition.
 I think this was Nathan's.
 I'm not sure.
 It might have been a different league one.
 It was one by someone.
 She was a 17 year old West German judo.
 What do you do?
 A judo artist?
 Judoka.
 And she had never had a hot dog before the competition.
 No.
 But then that's that.
 Incredible.
 And you're like, oh my God, this stuff is incredible.
 I could eat a million.
 Yeah.
 And that was incredible.
 Was it like she looked at it and she'd never seen one.
 So she didn't know how to eat it.
 And she was like, maybe I just have 10 of them in my mouth.
 She innovated.
 Where did they find a German who's never had a salsa?
 Apparently Chestnut, Joey Chestnut was saying, once you have that many hot dogs, you immediately
 need the toilet and the problem, they don't really digest fully.
 So you kind of shit hot dogs out.
 Clean out.
 Clean out.
 Come on.
 That's what he said.
 How can you tell the difference, realistically?
 I think when you feel a solid hot dog coming at you for 35 times.
 The fun also comes out of that stuff.
 His shit is inside the bun.
 Let me tell you a little something about corn.
 Also I'm basically the Nathan's hot dog eating contest was put on the map in the mid-2000s
 by a Japanese competitor called Tekeru Kobayashi, Tekeru Tsunami Kobayashi.
 And then he basically made it super popular in America.
 And then Joey Chestnut was introduced to him as like the American down home alternative.
 And so it was again, it's the Nathan's hot dog eating competition is a story of sexism
 and racism and hot dogs.
 And the advertising, they mostly stress the hot dog part of it, don't they?
 Fine friend.
 Fine friend.
 And then you get perverts into that fantastic strap line.
 Do you know what chipmunking is?
 You might have seen this in your...
 So I would think it's like, oh, you know I hadn't thought of it and then Dan just did
 an action.
 I did an action.
 Yeah.
 It's storing in your cheeks.
 That's it.
 That's it.
 Now.
 Were you going to say it was like getting naked at dad's seat?
 I was just thinking speaking in a very high pitch voice.
 As you might expect, given what we're talking about, it's absolutely a dance thing.
 The press conferences would be great though in the lead up order.
 It has to be in your mouth, right?
 The food before the count ends, right?
 So if you're counting down, you know, you've got 10 minutes to eat this many, whatever.
 The food has to be in your mouth and then you get a 30 seconds to swallow it.
 So often the photo finish bit is just, right, just get all of this in your mouth.
 Yeah.
 As long as you get 30 seconds after the clock stops, they used to be all you had to do was
 swallow it in a timely manner.
 That's all it said.
 Right.
 And they didn't say it was exactly 30 seconds.
 And then there was a guy called Crazy Legs Conti who lost a competition because he couldn't
 eat it in a timely manner and they thought we're going to have to make it a proper time.
 I think that's right.
 It's like I've started to finish or the bell, the quiz bell goes.
 This makes sense of the final few seconds of Jeff Esper's practice for the prom cocktail
 because he goes over eight minutes.
 He stops the clock and he has a mouth that is absolutely and I'm going to spit it out
 and he's, so that's what it is.
 He's using his 30 seconds.
 He's chipmunking.
 Clever.
 I'm very clever.
 Crazy Legs.
 Just probably mentioned him, James.
 He, I read an article, it's his legal name, Crazy Legs Conti.
 He compares, I'm quoting here from the article, compares professional eaters to musicians.
 He says the way eaters move and shake is an effort to get breath out of the esophagus,
 stomach and lower intestine as trumpeters would with their instrument.
 That's interesting.
 You know, circular breathing where you can play like a didgeridoo without breathing because
 you breathe through your nose and out of your mouth.
 Do you reckon they tried that?
 That could be a new innovation.
 Yeah.
 Is the breath sausage in this?
 I mean, you shove as much sausage in your mouth while breathing through your nose is
 what I should say.
 Maybe.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Right.
 But like maybe the sausage in the nose is the Fosbury flop moment that no hero has
 managed to achieve yet.
 Oh, right.
 You found two more entry points.
 Yeah.
 Right.
 Interesting.
 The perverts.
 That's it.
 They're tuning in.
 Okay.
 It is time for fact number two.
 And that is James.
 Okay.
 My fact this week is in the Archie language of southern Russia, a single verb can have
 one million, five hundred and two thousand, eight hundred and thirty nine possible forms.
 Is that normal for most languages or?
 It is not normal.
 How I would say what's a close second.
 So if you think that in English, like to podcast, right?
 So you podcast, she podcasts, I was podcasting, I podcasted and there's not much else because
 they're all just.
 I would have been podcasting.
 Yeah.
 I guess.
 But then that's kind of the same ending.
 No, this is tenses as well.
 Okay.
 So in Russian, obviously you would have I, you, she, they, all that kind of stuff.
 But also you have the past tense, which would be different for masculine and feminine.
 You would have the future tense.
 You have gerunds, you have participle, you have all sorts of stuff in Russian, but it's
 manageable because I've studied it and it's manageable.
 But in Archie, it just goes crazy.
 You have, as well as masculine and feminine, you have different terms for domestic animals,
 for wild animals, for young animals, old animals.
 So if you say the pig podcasted, you would need to know if it was a wild pig or a domestic
 pig to know how.
 Which was always my number one.
 You have a different, if it's insects, it's a different ending.
 If it's mythical beings, musical instruments, serials, abstract concepts, they all have
 different endings.
 Everybody's got a podcast.
 How does anyone learn it or get anything done?
 Yeah.
 I think you just, most of it, you just naturally pick up these kinds of things if you live
 in it.
 Because before you get to that word, you'd have to stop and investigate.
 All right.
 So, wild or domestic, a live or dead.
 But also, like the number of things, so if it's one thing or two things or many things,
 it's different.
 Imagine solving a crime based on a phone call because you know that the verb was referring
 to a thing and you can investigate what that thing was.
 We know that they have a wild insect who has a podcast and also it's different depending
 on how you know it's being done.
 So if you know it's happened, it's different.
 If you're speculating it's happened, it's different.
 If you're admiring something that's happening, it's different.
 If something's forbidden, it's different.
 And you can mix and match all of these different things to get to 1.5 million.
 I admired the Forbidden Tame Young Locusts podcast, podcasting, whatever.
 But you think about that.
 You had to use so many words to say that, right?
 Yeah.
 But they would be able to say it in one word because they would know all of the endings.
 They'd be like, well, that's implied by the way you say it.
 It just stays the same, like all of that stuff.
 You could just say the Locust podcast is so you just a verb and a noun and you would get
 all of that information by all the different endings.
 It's like anti-German.
 It's the most efficient.
 Yeah, yeah.
 As a result, has this language become hugely popular and spoken by tens of millions?
 It's spoken by very, very few people in Dagestan in Russia and it's about 20 kilometers away
 from the village of Sofkra Adnaya.
 Who do you remember?
 It was the place where everyone knows how to type.
 Oh, no way.
 Yeah.
 There's a village in Russia where everyone knows how to type rope and it's just over
 the mountain from there.
 What an amazing pocket of the planet.
 Isn't that amazing?
 This is incredible.
 And I should also say that Andy, once you've learned all of these one million different
 forms of standard verbs, that helps you with about 170 of the most common verbs, but there
 are more than a thousand exceptions, which you then have to learn on top of that.
 Oh, and the language can be written in Latin script or in Cyrillic and in either way, the
 language has got 74 letters.
 So you need to learn 148 letters.
 I was going to ask how many letters can there be for there to be this many endings, because
 you would just run out of letters for even combination.
 Yeah, this is why I failed my Archie GCSE oral.
 That's why.
 I'm so annoyed.
 So yeah.
 It's just a very, very complicated language and it exists.
 Have you heard of the Foreign Service Institute?
 I think they're an American outfit.
 Yeah.
 Basically, they sort of rate languages on how hard they are to learn.
 Oh, yeah.
 And for English speakers, sorry, native English speakers.
 So like French is category one, you know, like romance languages, because English borrows
 a lot from that.
 We derive from that.
 Yeah.
 And you already know how to learn.
 That's easy for English people to learn.
 Yeah, yeah.
 And then category three is Indian, various Indian languages in Swahili.
 Category four, it takes 44 weeks to learn.
 It's sort of going up in the number of weeks, so Russian, Hindi, Tamil.
 How many weeks is it supposed to have taken me to learn Russian?
 Don't worry about it.
 Well, it's taken me five years and I'm intermediate.
 Yeah, that's about right.
 Category five is Mandarin, Cantonese, Japanese, Korean, Arabic.
 Category two only contains German.
 Oh.
 Wait, but English is a Germanic language.
 I know.
 What?
 I think they decided it's a bit harder than French, but it's the only one.
 It's just there on its own in their categories.
 Actually, German does have quite a lot of conjugations, doesn't it, because you speak
 German a little bit.
 It's not four basic cases.
 Yeah.
 It's not.
 It's all right.
 It's a bit, it's a bit, because like French and Spanish and Italian, they're all kind
 of debased Latin, if you like, because they just cut out all the complicated endings and
 you know.
 And it's because as Latin spread.
 Yeah, I guess it's like they're like how to speak it correctly, because I speak fluent
 German, but I can't conjugate shit.
 I'm just, I'm always like, you know what I'm saying.
 But do you get it right?
 Do you get it right?
 Even though you?
 Like sometimes I'll be like, I'll know a noun, but I won't remember its article.
 I'll like gender it just on a guess alone.
 And I'm sure that I'm sure whoever I'm speaking to will kind of guess, but I always get worried
 about that.
 Because if I get the gender of a noun wrong, though, like they won't know I'm, if I'm
 saying dash table, whatever.
 I know it's not table.
 I can't remember the table either, but like I think and you're just like, that's just
 dirty.
 It's not doing changes.
 But it's a dish.
 So it's fine.
 Relax.
 Because I read an article where they interviewed 56 native French speakers and they asked them
 to assign the gender of 93 masculine words.
 And they agreed on only 17 of them to assign the gender of 50 feminine words and they agreed
 on only one.
 Wow.
 It's just vibes.
 I love that.
 This is you fixed German basically for anyone struggling.
 I think that's a good thing in all languages really is that if you just try people will
 accept it.
 Yeah, that's true.
 Russian language has three, three genders for any noun.
 But if you get it wrong, I'll still know what you're talking about.
 Okay.
 Sorry, maybe I'm making a lot of German and Russian people really.
 Where is Archie on the list?
 Archie is not on this list.
 I think there's a secret category.
 But Russian is difficult because the stress can matter right in words and that can make
 a big difference.
 So you can see it written down and you wouldn't know necessarily the difference between say
 Muka and Muka where one of them means flower and the other one means torture.
 So if you just see that written down and they don't have the stress-
 Well, if you have celiac.
 That kind of flower.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 I was thinking that kind of flower.
 Again.
 Oh my God.
 Sorry.
 Oh, flower, flower.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 I don't think, is there any way of telling verbally flower?
 No, context only, I think.
 Flower.
 Maybe Irish accent.
 I always say floor.
 People mistake it for the thing we walk on.
 Valentine's Day is always very disappointing though for your wife, isn't it?
 It's a lovely floor.
 There was a woman, I wish I could remember this now.
 Oh God.
 There was a woman in America who was arrested for throwing a pancake at an American president.
 And I can't remember which president it was, but when she was arrested, they asked her
 about it and she said she couldn't find any flowers, but this contained flower and she
 thought it would be just the same.
 Was it really?
 No, like a hundred years ago, easy.
 Do you remember when I made a karate magazine news article for spitting on someone?
 And that was a misunderstanding of word as well.
 What?
 Yeah.
 I don't remember this.
 This is in Hong Kong.
 I was in karate monthly.
 That's a news story rather than pictures.
 That's like one of those little...
 That's where I know you from.
 What?
 Is this real?
 Yeah.
 I was studying Kempo at the time, which is a former martial art, and I was sparring
 with a kid and the guy who's training me, he's called me Danny, and he had a bit of
 a lisp and he was yelling, "Spin on him, Danny!
 Spin on him!"
 To spin kick him.
 I was spitting on him, Danny, and I literally spat on his face and they paused the fight
 and they were like, "What was that?"
 Is this true?
 Yeah, yeah.
 How old were you?
 10, 11.
 I can't believe, like honestly, Dan, I've known you for 20 years, every week, so amazing,
 isn't it?
 The insane thing of that.
 It was, yeah, it was in Hong Kong and it was...
 You were in a karate based newspaper.
 In a magazine.
 Yeah.
 Sorry, in a magazine.
 I guess it's one of those, like, the funny stories kind of bit of it, you know.
 That's funny.
 It wasn't like international karate news.
 It wasn't heavy.
 No, I like, yeah.
 What was the easiest word on the planet?
 The easiest word.
 Yeah.
 So is it the most universal?
 Mama.
 The most universal.
 Not bad.
 Hey.
 Hey.
 Nearly closer, Olga.
 Huh?
 Bingo.
 I knew it.
 Sorry, I knew it.
 She speaks three languages.
 Of course she knew it.
 It'd be incredible if you would just, you genuinely hadn't heard the question because you weren't
 listening.
 Yeah, we can edit, edit, fix it in post.
 Huh?
 Yeah.
 Huh?
 But what can you please quickly clarify?
 And in every language it's, "Huh?"
 Because it would be very annoying if you had to say a sentence to say, "Can you quickly
 clarify?"
 So that's it.
 And it means that, you know, it can de-escalate tension between you and someone else, even
 if you don't speak the same language.
 But also, does that also mean that the inflection of a question is the same in every language?
 No, I didn't.
 Because it's not really a sound much, it's much more, it's literally, in my mind, it's
 just the sound of a question mark.
 I think actually that's not true because some languages have question words, don't they,
 like English and Russian do, like who, what, when, all that kind of stuff.
 But some languages, it depends on the inflection about whether it's a question or not a question.
 But English has that a bit, doesn't it, you could say, "I live here?"
 And that's a question.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Well, that's an Aussie inflection as well.
 That's true.
 I live here?
 In Australia?
 Yeah.
 We had that thing, David Crystal, the linguist, said that the Aussie inflection at the end
 was a useful thing because it was both a, I understand the statement, but I also am
 asking you, it's up to you, you don't need to pick it up as a question, but it works
 as a question.
 But you can if you like.
 Yeah.
 With the inflection.
 That feels like a mind game you'd play in like a corporate interview.
 Yeah, exactly.
 You got the job?
 Just as they're walking out of the door.
 We find them guilty?
 I need to get something off my chest.
 So the closest, so far, so far I've ever been to getting cancelled, is thanks to a joke
 that I wrote about the word empathy in Russian.
 And so the setup of the joke is the Russian language doesn't have the word for empathy.
 Can you imagine what that feels like?
 I couldn't.
 And so I posted this joke online and the avalanche of Russian people going to correct me, just
 saying that there is actually a word in Russian for empathy and you're actually stupid and
 dumb and not a patriot.
 But I would say 90% of the corrections were the word for sympathy, obviously, that is
 very easily checked through Google Translate.
 So basically the word that they keep suggesting is sympathy, which is sympathy, which is close
 to empathy, but not quite.
 Then they'd say, which is compassion, which again is close, but not quite.
 And then very rarely they will say, which is essentially the same sort of like, I guess
 Greek root for empathy, which is a word that has not been widely used in Russia up until
 I want to say two years ago.
 And I know this because there's loads of articles in Russia that are essentially titled, what
 is this word?
 Empathy.
 What does it mean?
 And so the setup of the joke, I feel like I'm in court right now.
 The setup of the joke is that I don't even know where I'm going with this, but I just
 think that it's really funny because they think that I'm sort of trying to smite the
 Russian people or say that Russians don't understand what empathy is, and surely that's
 something that you can explain in more than just one word.
 And to sort of, I guess, make right with the Russians, I'll share a Russian word that
 we have that you don't in English.
 And that's listapad, which is the word for falling leaves.
 So it's like rainfall, we have leaf fall.
 Oh, that's good.
 And you don't.
 Say it again.
 Because you're stupid.
 Yeah, but we can actually have some feelings about it when we see it.
 If you're speaking to a Russian, you can tell whether they're a virologist or not by the
 way they talk.
 And that is because in Russian, you have animate and inanimate nouns, right?
 The endings can change up whether something's alive.
 And so virus, virus in Russian, is most people would say it's inanimate, but virologists
 always think it's alive, a virus.
 Because virus, is it alive?
 Is it not alive?
 Actually, nobody really knows.
 But virologists think it's alive, and normal people tend to not say it's alive.
 So if you say, "On dal manier corona virus," then that would mean he gave me coronavirus,
 but that would be a person who's not a virologist saying it.
 But if you said, "On dal manier corona virus," that would be animate, and it would be a virologist
 saying it, because they think viruses are alive.
 And how useful have you found this change in your life?
 Again, I think that you could use that to solve a crime.
 Who was the murderer?
 It was the virologist in the library with a candle set.
 Probably with the anthrax.
 Do you want to know a fun fact?
 Yeah.
 Not on this show.
 You've come to the wrong place, lady.
 So do you know how French kiss is making out?
 Oh, yeah.
 So the first goodbye is leaving without saying goodbye, or a French exit as well.
 In Russian, a buffet is a Swedish table, and a family of three, which is like two women
 and a man, or whatever combination of genders in a throuplet is a Swedish family.
 Get away.
 Yeah.
 So "ménage à toi," which is what we would call it?
 I don't know, because three people living together.
 It's not a threesome.
 It is a relationship of three.
 I threw up.
 I threw up.
 I'm the only one still saying, "Manage à toi."
 Everyone else said, "Trupple," I know they're all the apps, or the pervert apps.
 "Ménage à toi" seeks, loves, ESPN, nostril-based, I've got to be in competitions.
 This is for Olga and James.
 Pee-hole dandruff.
 Is that a...?
 Don't speak.
 I'm not a native Russian speaker.
 But you love dirty words.
 And that's true.
 Yeah.
 I've never heard of Pee-hole dandruff.
 I went on a site where it was sort of like weird, rude words from Russia, and this bottom,
 have you ever heard of that word before?
 I have never seen this in my life.
 I did move from Russian when I was 14, so maybe it's a sort of high school word.
 That word is a 15 certificate, so you wouldn't have known about it.
 See, I don't think it's a real word, but it was on a site.
 What does it mean?
 It kind of doesn't really mean anything.
 It's just a beautiful word for when the pollen falls to the trees.
 I can't believe we don't have this word in English.
 Do you know the Bicol language of the Philippines doesn't have...
 It has swear words, but people don't really use them because it has a complete other vocabulary
 if you're angry.
 So you speak normal Bicol, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, but as soon as you're angry, you
 just change all the words that you use so that people can tell you're angry.
 That's great.
 So you're saying the same stuff, but it's different using different words for it.
 Using different words, yeah.
 So it's a bit like with my daughter when she does something bad.
 I normally call her jelly, but if she does something bad, I go, "Angela!"
 Yeah.
 So angry.
 But it's a completely different vocabulary, Ethan.
 Yeah.
 That's good.
 I hate to bring it up, but again, such beautiful evidence and a core case.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Yeah, it's like, was it a crime of passion?
 I don't know!
 That's so good.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three.
 That is Andy.
 My fact is, if cars had improved at the same rate as computers since 1971, they would now
 be able to travel at nearly the speed of light.
 Wouldn't that be cool?
 And if my grandmother had wheels.
 She would also be traveling at the speed of light.
 They would also be smaller.
 The cars, right?
 They would be about a half an inch long, unfortunately.
 And this is based on something that Gordon Moore, who was the co-founder of Intel, huge
 computer company, said in 1965, he noticed that the number of transistors you can fit
 on a chip, a computer chip, had been roughly doubling every year for the previous 10 years.
 And he said, "This is amazing."
 And he thought it would keep going.
 He thought the principle would apply.
 Maybe it would be every two years, the number you could fit on a chip doubled.
 And he said, "I think it's good for at least 10 more years."
 And it actually has stayed true for about 50 years at least since he wrote that.
 And it's slowing down a bit now, but cars would be able to travel at the speed of light
 because the number of transistors you can fit on a computer chip now, it's so huge.
 The numbers are just mind boggling of how much things have improved.
 I suppose the thing was that we got to a speed with cars where we thought there's no point
 going much faster.
 Is that right?
 Because of safety reasons and stuff like that?
 I suppose so.
 But if we moved to the speed of light, then we'd also go infinite mass and...
 Oh, that would slow you down?
 No, it wouldn't slow you down.
 Well, yes, it would.
 Well, it would break through the car door, you'd see...
 Well, no, because I saw an interview with Lewis Hamilton the other day and he was talking
 about how when you're driving a Formula 1 car, everything about the structure of your
 body needs to be as strong as possible because when you take a turn at 180 miles an hour,
 your body does not go with the car.
 They have strong necks, don't they?
 Yeah.
 I think there's no point getting faster than...
 You get cars that can go 200 miles an hour or faster, but there's no point having them
 because you can't go faster than that.
 No, you're right.
 Spaceships are useful, though.
 Yes.
 Again, it's really just about transistors.
 I feel like I was completely...
 But am I correct in understanding that I remember this distinctly as an example in a textbook
 that at some point it becomes imperceptible to humans?
 So they tried doubling the amount of pixels in computer graphics, but at some point once
 you double it, a human eye can't see that it's double?
 That's really good.
 Oh, that's true.
 Yeah.
 I think a computer screen now can show more colors than the human eye can perceive.
 Yeah, so who's that for?
 Like a really good one.
 Yeah.
 If you were traveling at near speed of light, this is kind of a physics question, really,
 and you had to take a left, right?
 Yeah.
 You're in space.
 If you needed an exit sign, but I'm traveling at close to the speed of light, how would
 you do that?
 As in you won't be able to see it.
 Yeah.
 At what point?
 I don't know how far away would it have to be.
 That's a really good point.
 Leave it with me.
 All right.
 I'll write to Radbottman Rove.
 Yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
 He is way more qualified than me to do that.
 All right.
 You want to hear something about transistors?
 Sure.
 This is, no, genuinely.
 Yeah.
 They're unbelievably interesting.
 Transistors.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 The light would still come to you.
 Oh, my God.
 Yeah.
 Sorry.
 Sorry, Andy.
 Because you're going in the opposite direction to the sign, right?
 So you're going towards the sign.
 Going towards the sign.
 And you just as quickly.
 Ah.
 So just as fast?
 Faster, if anything?
 Well, to the point where you're at at any moment, it would just get you at the same
 speed.
 I think it still needs to be a big sign from that distance.
 Yeah.
 Staying left here.
 Oh, yeah.
 I think it's always got to be a big sign in space.
 It's always got to be a big sign in space.
 Happy with that, then?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 That was great.
 Back to your transistors.
 Oh, thank you.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 I just, like, here's the thing.
 Right.
 1971, Intel released their first ever microprocessor.
 All right.
 No.
 Absolutely not.
 No, no, no.
 No.
 The chip was 12 square millimeters.
 Right?
 Picture that.
 12 square millimeters.
 Okay.
 So 3 millimeters, 10s, 4 millimeters.
 Right.
 They had 2,300 transistors fitted onto that space.
 It's pretty good, right?
 The gap between each transistor was 10,000 nanometers, which is the size of a red blood
 cell.
 Just to give you an idea of what.
 Mm-hmm.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 They had 2,300 transistors fitted into that space, not 2,300 transistors, but 130 million.
 What does that mean?
 What does it mean?
 It's insane.
 The gap is 14 nanometers between them.
 Very, very, very.
 I think the transistors are so, they're so tiny.
 They're so sort of impossibly small.
 Basically, and the transistors, we should say, they're like the taps, as in, like, they're
 either on or they're off.
 Yes.
 They bake up the ones and zeros.
 They bake up the ones and zeros, which change the state depending on whether an electric
 current is flowing through them or not.
 And your phone has millions of them in it.
 Your phone will have so many millions.
 And it's quite, it's obviously really hard to get your head around because the numbers
 are just so mind-boggling.
 Like, in 2015, I mean, nearly a decade ago, the world created 13 trillion transistors every
 second.
 Wow.
 What?
 We're more, this is basically a transistor planet now, isn't it?
 Like, pretty much.
 There's so many of them.
 Yeah.
 And they're now kind of printed directly onto the chips.
 It's not like there's a big pile of...
 Yeah.
 Someone's shot.
 Shuler.
 No, I've dropped it.
 I've dropped it.
 Nobody moved.
 Nobody moved.
 Just one old man in a cave in Turkey who's just putting each one together.
 Yeah.
 It's just mind-blowing.
 And this stuff is what the entire world has made of.
 All the, everything you're listening to this podcast through is transistor based.
 It's all based on this stuff.
 And it's so far beyond most people's comprehension, unless you spend years on it.
 You know.
 It's insane.
 It's so big, aren't they?
 It's just hard to really get your head around any of the numbers.
 Yeah.
 Like, for instance, the new Google computer, the quantum one that they're supposed to
 have made and no one's sure if they've made it or not.
 If they have, then...
 That's so funny for a quantum computer.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, it exists and it doesn't exist at the same time.
 Yeah.
 It can do as many calculations in two seconds as if you've got the entire population of
 India to do a sum every second since the beginning of the universe.
 Wow.
 That would be the same as this computer can do in two seconds.
 And again, that's, it's so hard to understand.
 It's amazing.
 Wow.
 And the reason the transistors have been getting so much smaller is partly, is a really good
 thing partly because when they get smaller, you get less electricity wasted and less heat
 wastage.
 Yeah.
 Obviously, the process generates a lot of heat.
 So actually making them smaller means you save huge amounts of energy, which is part
 of the reason they can do it and that it's a good thing.
 Because I think Ma said at the very start, he said one of the problems is going to be
 we're going to get more and more transistors, but everything's just going to get hotter
 and hotter and hotter.
 Yes.
 And if you've got a million transistors in your phone, you just won't be able to pick
 it up.
 It'll just set fire to the table as soon as you put it on the table.
 Exactly.
 But then they found that ways to counteract that.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 But now they are so small.
 Again, this is mad that quantum effects are starting to come into play and the gates are
 no longer functioning properly because they're so small that you get some electrons leaking
 through even when it's supposed to be off because they're now down to kind of electron size.
 Right.
 The barrier in the gate.
 So they're having to work out new shapes of transistor to re-exert some control over
 this gate because it's too leaky for individual electrons.
 I've got a question for Dan.
 Oh yeah.
 You're travelling on an electron.
 Yeah.
 There's a neutron on your left hand side.
 Yeah.
 How big would the sign have to be in order for you to see it?
 For me to, well, I'm glad you brought that up because I did have a additional question
 I wanted to ask earlier, which is how, if you saw the sign saying take a left, you're travelling
 near to the speed of light.
 Yeah.
 You're going to have to slow down.
 How far away does the sign need to be for you to de-accelerate?
 Decelerate.
 Decelerate.
 Where you go slow enough that you can take a left.
 I mean, it depends how fast you're going because you said it's close to the speed of light.
 Is it 99% the speed of light?
 Yeah.
 Is it 98%?
 Is it 97%?
 That's a classic follow-up question of a person who does not know the answer.
 I've just suddenly remembered this is to do with cars, but also to do with transistors.
 And I remember that there was a guy, the co-creator of the transistor, won a Nobel Prize for it.
 I'm going off the top of my head here, but he's one of the only few people to win two
 Nobel Prizes, right?
 So the second time that he got announced as the Nobel Prize winner, there was a party
 that was going to, because you know they kind of know that something's coming up, was being
 thrown for him.
 And he almost didn't make it to the party because he couldn't open his electric garage because
 the transistor had broken that allowed for it to switch over.
 Lovely.
 And he had to come and pick him up and take him to the party.
 More, Gordon Moore.
 He was a very cool guy, very interesting guy, co-founded Intel.
 He became incredibly rich obviously and gave loads and loads of his money away to protect
 the Amazon, protecting Salmon Rivers because he's a very keen fisherman.
 But he founded Intel with Robert Noyce, was his colleague.
 Noyce.
 And they invented Brooklyn Nine-Nine, didn't they?
 They wanted to call the company More Noyce.
 More Noyce.
 This is more Noyce than anything else.
 And certainly they thought it wouldn't be right for an electronics company, it wouldn't
 be appropriate or something.
 Really?
 So they called it Intel.
 Noyce Computers.
 Intel.
 I know.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 But I also love that his sort of contribution to managing is just coming to his team every
 year and saying, "Double it."
 Yeah.
 That's it.
 Well, yeah.
 Because actually quite a lot of it with Mars Law became like a self-fulfilling prophecy.
 They knew that it was going to have to double in a year or in two years and so that's what
 they did.
 They hadn't gone faster but they were like, "Oh no, it has to do this."
 Right.
 It's still holding up, I think.
 It depends who you speak to.
 People have been predicting that it's kind of, we can't possibly keep on doubling it every
 two, and maybe it's now close to every three or something.
 But it's...
 Well, have you heard of Bremerman's Limit?
 No.
 Bremerman's Limit.
 So there was a guy called Hans Bremerman and he said that there was a limit on the maximum
 rate of computation that could be achieved in a self-contained system in the material
 universe.
 So we would get to a limit of how much...
 I see.
 And he used...
 I don't understand the mathematics of it, but he uses Einstein's equations in order to
 make sense of it.
 So Bremerman, who was born in Bremen in Germany, to Bernard Bremenent and Bertha Bremenent.
 Really.
 So cool.
 Do you know what the fastest supercomputer in England is called?
 In England?
 Oh.
 So is it a classic English name like Nigel or...?
 Yeah.
 It is.
 Less patriarchal.
 Betty.
 Betty.
 That's nice.
 Betty is the 457th most powerful computer in the world.
 Have you got a list that goes up to the 457?
 It goes up to 500.
 I'll say Elizabeth.
 No.
 Oh.
 Okay.
 I mean, it's almost impossible to guess.
 Oh, no.
 Okay.
 Well...
 But it's a woman's name.
 It's a woman's name.
 It's a woman's name.
 Okay.
 It's quite an old-fashioned woman's name.
 Apologies to any of the people with this name.
 Oh.
 Margaret.
 Oh.
 It's Dawn.
 Dawn.
 Dawn is the fastest supercomputer in England and other supercomputers.
 Robert is the 103rd, Alex is the 187th, Gene is the 288th, and Henry is the 293rd.
 Some of the most uninspiring names.
 It feels that way, doesn't it?
 Well, because Dawn is really good because you can say the dawn of a new age, or as you
 can't say, this is the Robert of a new age.
 Maybe supercomputers stop being super, like surely supercomputers from 20 years ago are
 no longer super.
 Oh, yeah.
 Great point.
 It's all the number of calculations per second, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 And surely the bar keeps rising.
 Right?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 We had, using old computers, a very big problem a couple of years ago, four years ago.
 So while the pandemic was breaking out, one thing that went a bit unnoticed is that hundreds
 of places got hit by the Millennium Bug Y2K.
 What?
 In 2020.
 In 2020.
 Yeah.
 Why?
 Because what happened was at the time.
 It was a big problem, right?
 The problem was is that when we hit 2000, the computers thought it was 1900.
 Yeah.
 So it was jumping backwards.
 So you would go 1997, 1998, 1999, 1900.
 Yeah, exactly.
 And that was going to mess up.
 And I was going to mess up everything.
 That's the best setup for a romcom I have ever heard in my life.
 A singleton in 1999 at a New Year's party travels back in time and falls in love with
 someone from 1900.
 That's great.
 That's great.
 That's very nice with a computer that glitches and gets them.
 Yes.
 But what ended up happening was in that period where everyone was desperately trying to fix
 the Y2K bug, they changed the coding so that was 2020.
 And they thought what would happen is, so 20 became the number, right?
 And they thought in the 20 years subsequent, they're going to become obsolete.
 We'll have new computers.
 This is not going to be an issue.
 I see.
 So computers thought it was 2020, but actually it was 2000, is that right?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Exactly.
 So then we got to 2020 and everyone went, like Brexit, we've been kicking it down the
 road.
 We kicked it down the road.
 Now a lot of places had changed their systems, but a bunch hadn't.
 So there was, and it was weird things like there was a version of the game of WWF, which
 crashed because it was an online download.
 Oh my God.
 So they had to agree.
 What did we do?
 Because I thought like planes were going to fall from the sky and stuff.
 Not people won't be able to play WWF on the place.
 We now work out how Dad knows about this problem.
 His plans for lockdown were completely right.
 This is a huge issue.
 We could download WWF, also other things.
 I imagine that.
 Oh yeah, and 5,000 players fell out of the sky.
 Yeah.
 And it was like things like grocery stores that had till systems that were automated.
 Right.
 Suddenly those were crashing.
 So you couldn't buy the game in the first place.
 Exactly.
 It was a nightmare.
 It was horrible.
 There was a website called Splunk, which suffered from it.
 Not Splunk!
 Splunk is a website that looks for errors in computers.
 How did you accidentally end up on that website?
 I'll tell you one more thing.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 This is about how your phone CPU is made, sort of, what is that, central processing unit?
 Yes.
 Okay.
 This is from an interview with a guy called Chris Miller, who's written a book called
 Chip War.
 Okay.
 I'm quoting him directly.
 "This is what gets into your modern phones, right?
 A ball of tin falls at a rate of several hundred miles an hour through a vacuum.
 It's only about 30 millionths of a metre across."
 Okay.
 Small ball of tin.
 "It's pulverized by two shots from one of the most powerful lasers ever deployed and
 explodes into a plasma measuring several times hotter than the surface of the sun.
 This plasma emits extreme ultraviolet light at exactly the right wavelength of 13.5 nanometers,
 which is then collected via a dozen mirrors, which are themselves the flattest mirrors
 humans have ever produced.
 The mirrors reflect the light at just the right angle so it hits the silicon wafer and
 carves the circuits onto the chips that make your iPhone possible."
 What?
 "And that's so that Dan can play WWF games on his phone."
 It's the biggest step down for this system.
 Isn't that nuts?
 I don't think I understood any of that.
 I'll be honest.
 I'm clinging on.
 I mean, it's incredible.
 Oh, we should say, Kenny Stoltz, a listener sent that in a little while ago, that interview
 with Chris Miller.
 It's just, hey, it's nuts, isn't it?
 These machines, they're so accurate that it's like shooting a laser from the moon and hitting
 an individual coin on Earth.
 Apple deserve every penny they get, don't they?
 Especially the podcasting team.
 Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show, and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that on the same day that Joni Mitchell released the Greatest Hits
 album, she also released a Greatest Misses album.
 Brilliant.
 Yeah.
 So good.
 I know.
 Is it terrible?
 Like, is it absolutely awful?
 Bad songs.
 A case of you is on it.
 What's that?
 So good.
 That's one of her songs.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 But I mean, it's a collection from other albums, right?
 Yeah, exactly.
 It's her favorite ones that weren't commercially successful.
 Exactly.
 That's right.
 Okay.
 And she was so happy with it, she tried to release Misses 2, but the record label rejected
 that.
 And the only reason it came out, the record label didn't want to do it, but it was like
 a compromise.
 It was a bargaining.
 She said, "You can do the greatest hits if I can do the greatest misses."
 Yeah.
 I don't know much about Joni Mitchell.
 She's an incredible artist.
 I mean, you know, she's, she had a really nice moment a few weeks ago at the Grammys.
 She performed for the first time.
 She's 80 years old.
 She sang a song.
 Not for the first time.
 Yeah.
 For the first time ever.
 How's she ever...
 Yeah, she's never, she's won, I think, 10 Grammys, but she's never performed at the
 Grammys.
 Oh, at the Grammys?
 Yeah.
 Sorry, you said she performed for the first time.
 I think I said where she performed at the first time.
 No, right, right, okay.
 Regardless, she's 80 and she sits, you know, in a chair, she sings this beautiful song.
 She wins a Grammy for best folk album, for a live album that she did, which is a bit
 annoying, I think, for the other folk artists, I would say.
 Okay.
 Controversial, okay.
 And yeah, she's someone who was a part of the whole scene with Dylan, Bob Dylan, and
 Leonard Cohen and all that, for listeners that don't know her.
 You won't find much of her stuff on Spotify.
 She's one of those artists where you probably have to go to YouTube or...
 She took it off because of Joe Rogan, right?
 Did she?
 Yeah.
 Yeah, Joe Rogan was Spotify.
 Yeah.
 Exclusive.
 Exclusive, right?
 And he was saying some things that people didn't agree with.
 I've got to say, I'm a big fan of Spotify as I am with Apple and all podcast profiles.
 I'm so glad that the end to that sentence wasn't Joe Rogan.
 I had to say, I'm a big fan.
 Yeah, but a load of people took their stuff off Spotify because of that, and she was one
 of them.
 I mean, do we know it wasn't because of us, because we are on Spotify?
 Yeah, but we're not an exclusive Spotify.
 Maybe it was Parenting Hell with Josh Wickham that she hated.
 Wow.
 Okay.
 She's amazing.
 She's pretty cool.
 She had polio when she was nine years old, and interesting thing about that is I was
 reading about other people who had polio around the time.
 Mia Farrow had polio when she was nine, and she wrote that she was taken to an isolation
 unit because it's catching polio, obviously, and she was taken away from all of her family
 for months, and all of her belongings were burned.
 Is this Mia Farrow?
 Right.
 Blimey.
 It's not amazing.
 You're basically, at nine years old, you've got this disease.
 They take you away, and they burn everything that you own.
 Is that the case with polio, that if you touch your toy, you could get it from that, or was
 that a, we weren't sure what it was?
 No, it can.
 It can go through bodily fluids and stuff like that.
 Obviously, we have vaccines for it now.
 Joe Rogan told me to say that they don't want that.
 No, we have vaccines for it now, so it's not as much of a problem, obviously.
 Yeah, it can go through feces, through spits, through esophageal urethra.
 The speed with which we went from Joni Mitchell to feces.
 Yeah!
 Well, that's our pipeline, I'm afraid, that's how we roll.
 It comes through our pipeline, yeah.
 No, Ian Dury of Ian Dury and the Blockets had polio as a child.
 Did he?
 Yeah, yeah, so a lot of musicians.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 How interesting.
 Supposedly gave her an edge to how she tuned her guitar and so polio, because, Joni, yeah,
 so she got into guitaring about 15 years old at school and she was recovering from polio
 and it just meant that it must have been harder to tune a guitar for her.
 Yeah, it kind of changes the way that your bone structure works and stuff like that.
 There was a footballer called Grincha who had polio as a child and it made his legs
 bandy, but it meant that he kind of ran in a way that no one else ran and it kind of
 helped him to play football, supposedly.
 Right.
 She started smoking at the age of nine and she started singing because she wanted to
 get smoking money, so she was in a cafe in Calgary in Canada and she was the resident
 artist and she was drawing people and pictures would go up on the walls and then she needed
 a bit more money, so she started singing and everyone said, "You're a pretty good singer."
 And so she went home and asked her mum if her mum would buy her a ukulele and her mum
 said, "Who do you think you are?
 Kitty Wells?"
 A good one.
 I think it was a different time.
 At the time, that was probably a really sick burn.
 Kitty Wells, she was the first female country singer to get to the top of the US charts.
 With her song, it wasn't God who made honky-tonk angels.
 This is the kind of song I'd like to listen to actually.
 Yeah.
 So was it that she started singing at the age of nine and then people thought, you know,
 what would make this nine-year-old's voice even better?
 Twenty bent on it and it was a day and then she got into it that way.
 It wasn't that.
 She started smoking at the age of nine and then at the age of like 14 or 15, she was
 like, "I need money for cigarettes."
 So let me write a masterpiece.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Calgary, Alberta, Canada, that's where Bret the Hitman Heart is from as you would know
 if you had the WWE wrestling game.
 Oh, you would also know that if you spent any time with Dan over the last 20 years.
 And then she started dating David Crosby from Crosby Stills and Nash.
 And Crosby sort of invited Eric Clapton over to kind of check out this Joni Mitchell and
 he said that Clapton sat mesmerised by her playing and her different tunings of her guitar,
 although he also said that it might have been slightly due to the fact of all the weed that
 he'd smelt at the time.
 Absolutely.
 He said, "I mean, she has no kitty wells."
 She is, I mean, to watch footage of her in that period is spectacular.
 Her music is extraordinary.
 The songwriting is incredible.
 And Blue is just consistently voted as one of the greatest albums.
 Yeah, it's one of her albums, which is always very near the top of greatest albums of all
 time.
 If you're a millennial, you know Joni Mitchell from the heartbreaking scene in the film Love
 Actually, where Emma Thompson receives a gift from her husband, Alan Rickman, and she thinks
 it's a necklace, but it's really just a Joni Mitchell CD.
 Oh, yes.
 And then she's playing it.
 And are you saying that, actually, that's quite a good present to give because she's
 an incredible shunter.
 Better than a necklace.
 Yeah.
 But then it turns out he gave the necklace to his mistress.
 That's the thing.
 But if you're going to find out that your husband's taken on a mistress, that's a good present
 to receive.
 Oh, yeah.
 Joni Mitchell is great soundtrack for...
 Right.
 And did they split up because of that moment in the film?
 I don't remember.
 I don't think they don't.
 No, she takes...
 He takes her back.
 Basically.
 He very generously takes her back.
 She takes him back.
 She says, "Oh, he's just been a bit silly until now.
 It's all fine."
 She doesn't quite do it like that.
 Yeah.
 Well, it's not far off.
 Joni Mitchell split up with David Crosby by singing him a song at a party.
 Oh, really?
 Oh, that's brutal.
 He has been cheating on her and she wrote this song, which basically, I haven't heard
 the song, but I imagine in the middle it goes, "You're fucking dumps, mate."
 Yeah.
 Whatever.
 But she played it once and then he was like, "Oh, that's really good."
 And she went, "Ugh."
 And played it again because he didn't get it.
 Do we know what it's called?
 Do we have lyrics?
 It's called "The Song About the Midway," but I haven't seen the lyrics.
 I would have called it something like, "Nick is on the backseat," or something that really
 makes him worried even as you're starting to hear the song.
 Oh, I see.
 When you overdo it on the metaphor so much, people can't quite...
 The Midway.
 Sorry.
 Is that the rift that goes through Jillingers that you're talking about?
 We're talking about the Battle of Medway.
 People who've never done their greatest hits album, AC/DC, you know the reason why?
 Because they're all greatest hits albums.
 Yeah.
 Thank you.
 Is that what they said or are you saying?
 I think we agree.
 I and AC/DC agree on this.
 Yeah.
 No, I think a lot of artists fear the slight kind of creative death of, "Here are your
 best songs," and that's it.
 But you can just do another, Aaron Carter, his most requested hit.
 Who?
 Aaron Carter.
 Aaron Carter.
 Aaron Carter.
 Yeah.
 Like the American Backstreet Boys.
 He was the younger brother.
 He passed away very sadly, not too long ago.
 Did he?
 Yeah.
 I didn't know that.
 Because most...
 I was looking up a huge list of greatest hits albums.
 Yeah.
 Long list.
 They're almost all called greatest hits, which I think is quite dull.
 You were looking at this list and then you stopped at A.A.
 Run.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 Anything about ZZ Top?
 That's why you keep coming up with crime things all day.
 It's like, "I've been busted by the alphabet.
 I'm gutted."
 But his was called "Most Requested Hits," which I think is a nice, slight twist
 on the formula.
 And then the second one is called "Come Get It," the very best of Aaron Carter.
 It must be one of his songs or something, followed by "Too Good, Too Be True."
 So I just think he's good for...
 Oh, so they're all greatest hits.
 Every single one of them.
 He's got three albums of greatest hits.
 So I think that is...
 Wow.
 According to Reddit, and it does seem to be true when I checked it, Kiss have had more
 greatest hit compilations than they have studio albums.
 Okay.
 That's great.
 They've had 20 studio albums, and as far as I can see, they've either had 21 or I counted
 23 greatest hits on them.
 Wow.
 They did a farewell tour in 2000 and 2001, and since then, they've done 13 tours.
 Hell yeah.
 Isn't that amazing?
 Yeah.
 Do you know the biggest selling album in America of all time?
 Are they greatest hits?
 I'm going to guess Abba Gold.
 Well, that's because you've only got to A/B in the alphabet.
 No, it's happened again.
 It's the Eagles, isn't it?
 That's correct.
 Yeah.
 It's the Eagles.
 Now, so this is their greatest hits album.
 Who here can name a song by the Eagles?
 How about California?
 California.
 That's not on the greatest album.
 No!
 Yeah.
 Isn't that incredible?
 This is from a period where they hadn't yet written that song.
 They must have felt like chumps coming up with that song after they've done it.
 We've already done a greatest hit album.
 Oh, man.
 So this is now Canon.
 This is not a greatest hit, and honestly, let's do a few Eagles albums.
 It's their greatest hit.
 The best selling album in the UK is the greatest hits.
 Oh, Queen.
 Queen, you got it.
 At the same time, they released Greatest Flicks, which was a video of all their best songs.
 Oh, very cool.
 And Greatest Picks, which was photographs from that.
 That's really clever.
 Who here owns Queen's Greatest Hits?
 Yeah.
 Oh, my God.
 Two of us.
 Cassettes and then CD.
 So I own it and Dan owns it, and that makes sense, because one in four British households
 owns Queen's Greatest Hits.
 Really?
 It's still, really.
 I think probably still.
 There probably is some generational churn happening, but in 2021, Abba Gold, which is
 the other huge Greatest Hits album after Queens, it got to a thousand weeks in the top hundred
 chart.
 That's amazing.
 That's amazing.
 It's a perfect album.
 Yeah.
 Perfect band.
 It's not too high way to hell, but it's, by the way, AA, AP, and then AC/DC.
 Anything about Adam and the Ants?
 There was an album that was released in 1977 by the BBC called Death and Horror.
 Basically, you know how you can just buy incidental sounds, right?
 Like a door creaking.
 Yeah, door creaking.
 Sorry, the BBC would have like an archive of incidental sounds.
 So this was all sounds of horrific things.
 Tracks included head chopped off, assorted creepy creaks, red hot poker in the eye.
 That was it.
 And it was a top 100 charting album.
 Gaths were crazy.
 Exactly.
 Team Gaths.
 And then this is, this is the one I'd love to get, but I don't think it necessarily would
 have charted, but there was an album called Recorded Delivery by a guy called Yannick Schaefer.
 So basically what he did was he put a dictaphone inside a package and he put it through the
 Royal Mail and he recorded the entire journey that this dictaphone went on as it was travelling
 through the parcel, going through the mailbox being picked up, put in the van.
 And so what you hear is whistling postmen just sort of walking along.
 You get sliding van doors.
 There's lots of clunks.
 You get early morning mail workers talking about their dirty sex lives.
 There's a sudden unexpected shout of, "Anus!"
 That was me.
 And 500 of them were printed.
 Brian Eno said he wished he thought of it first.
 It was a...
 It's very Eno, isn't it?
 It is very, very Eno.
 The first Greatest Hits album ever.
 Johnny Maffis.
 Johnny Maffis.
 In fact, if you look in the Oxford English Dictionary, it's the first use of the phrase
 "Gracest Hits".
 Right.
 He wrote a single song called Chances Are, which was in Mad Men.
 Well...
 Chances Are he did.
 If you remember it.
 I don't know.
 He was late 50s, wasn't he?
 So it's perfect timing for Mad Men.
 Yes, he was.
 I looked him up.
 He's still alive, Johnny Maffis.
 Yeah.
 He's sort of mid-90s, I think.
 Cool.
 He's old, but he's still kicking around.
 Yeah.
 He was a high jumper for the US Olympic team before he became a singer, but he was kind
 of singing in the clubs and stuff, and the head of popular music at Columbia was on holiday
 in San Francisco and heard him singing and sent a telegram to the company saying, "Have
 found phenomenal 19-year-old boy who could go all the way, send blank contracts."
 Oh, that's great.
 And he was an Olympian at that time, at 19 or...?
 He'd been trying out.
 He kind of...
 He got the call to go to the trials.
 This is a cool thing.
 In 1956, he got the call to go to the Olympic trials, but he had just got his recording contract.
 He said to his dad, "Should I become a high jumper or should I become a musician?"
 It's annoying, isn't it, when people are world-class at not one thing but two.
 You could do both Vanilla Ice as a rapper and a real estate agent.
 You could do both.
 Well, Cody Simpson, the Australian singer-actor, also swam for their Olympic team.
 Oh, yeah.
 Very nice.
 And also is a Gina Davis who almost qualified for Archery for the US.
 Oh, that's right.
 Get away.
 There you go.
 You could do both.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 You can do both.
 And it's fine that I've done neither.
 Johnny Mathis.
 It wasn't actually any greatest hits.
 It was just something they rushed out because he was about to go on tour in the UK.
 He didn't have time to record any new tracks, so they just bundled together his first four
 recordings.
 Oh, is that right?
 Record them Johnny's Greatest Hits.
 It was in the charts for nine years.
 So they manifested it?
 Pretty much.
 Yeah.
 They're like, "The Greatest Hits?
 Australian and Flucking Question."
 And there's a reason why you'd love him, James.
 He used to play golf 300 times a year.
 Oh, he sounds great.
 He's a great guy.
 And he has a cookbook library.
 He loves cookbooks so much.
 He bought thousands of them.
 He had Office Kitchen, his own library of cookbooks.
 And in 1982, he wrote his own cookbook called "Cooking for You Alone," which is all about
 meals for one and how you can make them delicious and lovely.
 Isn't that...
 Isn't that...
 I just think you seem like a really nice, sweet guy.
 He's so sweet.
 I know.
 That does sound nice, but if you think that you're going to get a necklace for Valentine's
 Day and you get the meals for one book, that's a real sign.
 That's how Johnny Mitchell dumped her next boyfriend.
 OK, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we've said over
 the course of this podcast, we can be found on our various social media accounts.
 I'm on Instagram using the name Shriverland, Andy.
 I'm @andrewhunter, I'm on Twitter.
 James.
 My Twitter is @jamesharkin.
 Yep.
 And Olga.
 I'm @colga300 on Instagram.
 Nice.
 Also, do make sure to go and see Olga live, prawn cocktail, you're on tour right now.
 Prawn cocktail, that's the name of my show.
 You'll just be eating it.
 Don't stop.
 And I promise it's going to be 100% high quality prawns and never a cheap meatball.
 Yep.
 Or if you want to get in contact with us as a group, by the way, you can go to @nosuchthing
 on Twitter.
 You can email us on podcast@qy.com or you can just go to our website, nosuchthingasafish
 if you want to check out all the previous episodes, because they're all up there to
 do that.
 Otherwise, just come back next week.
 And we'll be back with another episode and we'll see you then.
 Good bye.
.
 Hey, Ness.
 Lovely Easter egg.
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
