 [INSTRUMENTAL BELL RINGS]
 [INSTRUMENTAL BELL RINGS]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Hello, and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing
 as a Fish, a Weekly Podcast.
 This week, coming to you live, from Edinburgh!
 [CHEERING]
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I am sitting here with Anacesansky, Andrew Huntson Murray,
 and James Harkin.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days.
 And in no particular order, here we go, starting with you.
 Andy, my fact is that in 18th century Scotland,
 people believed that herring would punish people
 for adultery by leaving the area where the adultery
 had occurred.
 [LAUGHTER]
 This is a joke.
 Wait, wait, wait.
 They're not in the bedroom.
 They're not in the room, sorry. [LAUGHTER]
 No. It's disgusting.
 [LAUGHTER]
 But people at home, that was the amazing herring impression.
 That was a good grief.
 I mean, if anything, that would be a relief for the adultery.
 Can this just wouldn't be-- Yeah, it's true.
 Once the herring flops out, you can really get down to it.
 And the old saying goes.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Well, we got there quite clearly anyway.
 God.
 So this is from a book.
 It's called Herring Tales by an author called Donald Murray.
 And so this is because herring used to be absolutely
 enormous.
 So in the early 20th century, there were three million barrels
 coming into Scotland every single year.
 But the thing is, they're fickle, OK?
 So they would frequently appear in massive numbers
 in one year.
 And then the next year, they wouldn't be there anymore.
 They'd disappear.
 And so in 1703, there was an author whose name, genuinely,
 was Martin Martin, and he wrote about this superstition.
 He said, "It is a general observation all
 Scotland over that if a quarrel happened on the coast
 where herring is caught and that blood be drawn violently,
 then the herring go away."
 So it was true of violence.
 And it was also true of adultery.
 Oh, OK.
 They're very judgmental, famously herring.
 Yeah.
 They do turn up in massive numbers when they do turn up, don't they?
 They really come in a crew.
 I think we think it could be the largest gathering
 of animals anywhere, herring schools.
 So they gather in groups of up to 250 million.
 They've only quite recently been counted.
 So the schools at the shows will be 40 kilometers wide.
 And we're not totally sure.
 They do have a synchronized spawning.
 They get together at night.
 That's a terrible Olympics event, isn't it?
 [LAUGHTER]
 That's one at 2 AM.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah, so they do their little dances, and then they spawn.
 They count them.
 Imagine having that job.
 Yeah, it was quite--
 There was using different radar from different ships
 and bouncing it off all of them, I think.
 Computers did it.
 There wasn't a guy who was there making a tally.
 So supposedly, in the 12th century off the coast of Scotland,
 there were so many herring in the water
 that boats would sometimes get stuck in the water.
 No way.
 Oh, what's that?
 This was a guy called Saxo Grammaticus, who wrote in--
 [LAUGHTER]
 This is true.
 He was an author.
 He was in 1204.
 He wrote, "The whole sound contains such plentiful shells
 that sometimes boats striking them have difficulty
 in rowing clear and no fishing gear,
 but the hands is needed to take them."
 So you could just reach in and grab a herring.
 Because they're quite thickly packed, aren't they?
 So you know, in some shells of fish,
 you podge a finger and they'll scarper off.
 But herring, I think, because they line up
 where your nose will be lined up with a torso
 of the bloke in front of you.
 So basically, if you can imagine, there are almost no gaps
 between them in a shell, because they're sort of like a jigsaw
 perfectly fit together.
 So it does mean that if you come across them
 and you are fishing, if you're in the middle of that group,
 you cannot move to one side or the other.
 You'll just completely start off.
 Oh, wow.
 So you can just scoop them all right up.
 But Fisher people are very superstitious, aren't they?
 Especially in Scotland, I've found.
 In Scotland, they used to, if they weren't catching fish,
 they thought they would have to show this sea
 what they were trying to do.
 And then the sea would work it out.
 And then it would give them some fish.
 So as a last ditch effort, you would get one of your fellow
 fishermen and throw him into the water and then catch him
 with a rod.
 And then the sea would go, oh, that's what you're trying to do.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 That is amazing.
 Wow.
 That's like having to take a crap in your cat's cat litter box
 in order to--
 Sam, what?
 He doesn't even have a cat.
 Wait, you know, to be like--
 I understand the principle.
 I'm saying, have you done it?
 Wow.
 No, once.
 This is kind of related to James' thing
 about fishing people, fishermen out of the sea again.
 But this is a related tradition, several hundred years ago,
 which is that it's bad luck to save someone from drowning.
 Because that sucks when your job's a lifeguard at the moment.
 Yeah, because the sea needs it sacrifice.
 So if you have picked the work experience fishermen
 to throw into the water, you should check this.
 So people genuinely wouldn't save people
 because they thought it was bad luck?
 I don't know how much it happened.
 Well, it might be that there's one fisherman
 who's been getting on everyone's nerves for a long time.
 But if he falls in, I'm going to--
 Oh, sorry, no.
 There's nothing we can do about it.
 So there is--
 there is another bit of superstition in the Scottish Lowlands
 and that it is, by saying, good morning to someone,
 it's considered bad luck to fishermen.
 And so there are some fishermen apparently
 who would walk down the street.
 And if someone says, good morning to them,
 they'll go off, fuck sake, and just go home.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I thought it was that you'd go home and start again.
 Oh, and go back and you sort of--
 OK, so you have to press a reset button on the expedition.
 Are the sea-faring Scottish superstitions
 there's in the Hebrides tradition of tossing porridge
 into the sea, which I didn't know about?
 And this particularly happens on what's
 called big porridge day or great gruel Thursday.
 And I think--
 Big porridge day.
 Big porridge day.
 This is from the 19th century book of customs.
 I don't know if everyone still does it.
 But this is--
 it happened in places like Iona.
 And basically, it was-- you'd make a big dish of porridge with some butter
 and lots of other delicious ingredients.
 And then you overturn the whole thing into the sea.
 And that's thought to attract really valuable seaweed,
 because it seems like a bab swapped to me, seaweed for porridge.
 But they want to eat and cook with seaweed.
 But also, the seaweed is used as a fertiliser, I think, right?
 Fertilizer, yes.
 That'll be it.
 And also, it was on Monday Thursday.
 And so apparently, Monday Thursday was doubly holy in the Hebrides,
 because not only did it have the whole Easter thing,
 but also it was when you did the porridge seaweed swap.
 [LAUGHTER]
 We're going to have to move on to our next fact, very shortly.
 If you work in the herring industry,
 you can develop asthma from all the herring protein in the air.
 So you get a condition which is called herring lung.
 No.
 Yeah, just absolutely microscopic particles of it in the air.
 Well, there used to be a really big thing.
 The herring girls was the sort of collective name
 for the women who processed herring,
 who's a really important job.
 And on a Saturday night, apparently,
 they would have to wash their hair six times
 to get the smell out before they could go out,
 because you're just working in herring
 and gusting herring all week long.
 And did you know it was because of herring
 that probably the most important collection of musical manuscripts
 was saved, herring saved them.
 So this was, after the Second World War,
 there were loads of original Mozart, Beethoven, and Bach manuscripts.
 All the famous ones you've heard of, all the big Beethoven symphonies,
 all the Mozart's and all of them.
 They were moved from the Berlin Museum,
 because people were worried about the fate that might befall them.
 They were moved, and then they were sort of lost,
 as things happened in the war, and they all disappeared.
 And then, in 1973, there was this guy called Dr. Peter Whitehead
 who was working in the Natural History Museum.
 And he was a biologist, and he was just obsessed
 with finding this picture of this herring.
 So he kept on reading in really ancient documents
 about something that was either herring or an anchovy.
 And he couldn't find the original picture
 that they were all referring to to deduce which of those two it was.
 And he was obsessed with this.
 And so he looked all over Europe to find this ancient picture.
 And finally, he ended up in a library and crack off
 going through this massive crate.
 And he was like, oh, my God, I found this 1648 picture,
 and it's definitely a herring.
 I've absolutely nailed it.
 Thank God, by the way, sorry, I don't know who to tell,
 but I've also found all the old manuscripts,
 original manuscripts of Beethoven Mozart.
 [LAUGHTER]
 But have you seen that herring?
 And so we're still herring that music today.
 [APPLAUSE]
 Yep, it deserved a boof.
 All right, it's time for fact number two, and that is James.
 OK, my fact this week is that the most fashionable person
 of the 16th century was an accountant from Germany.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Doesn't it seem likely?
 Well, it is true, I think.
 [LAUGHTER]
 That was an early backtrack.
 No, he was called Matthias Schwarz.
 He was born in 1497, died in 1574.
 And he was a German accountant, but he is most well-known
 for compiling a book called Kleidung's Buchlein,
 or Buchlein, which means Book of Clothes.
 And it's probably the world's first fashion book.
 And he basically took pictures of the drawings
 of every single thing he ever wore for 40 years.
 And he wore unbelievably amazing clothes.
 And he was probably the first person in history
 to be interested in fashion as like a cultural thing,
 rather than just to show off to their friends.
 Yeah, he was, yeah, amazing.
 And he commissioned these watercolors, didn't he?
 So he had artists just come constantly paint him,
 which really pissed me off actually the independent cover
 of this.
 And they kept on talking about it as fashion's first selfies.
 And I would say if you've commissioned a person
 to do a watercolor painting of you,
 there was so many levels on which that was not
 a selfie.
 No, but he-- so what, he backtracked it to his earlier years.
 So he commissioned-- he started it when he was at the age of 23.
 So he worked backwards and got a bunch of those commissioned.
 He also did a nude of himself.
 So in this book, there's a front side nude and a backside nude
 kind of like, you know, those kids books
 he used to get, where you would put the clothes on for a bit.
 No, we're chartered, Dan.
 We're chartered, you had.
 We're back to the kitty litter, aren't we?
 It's sort of like you've got the body, and you can put different clothes
 on them with magnetic strips.
 It's probably a nude 16th century German accountant, though.
 I mean, what a world it would be.
 Because his clothes were amazing.
 They were so cool.
 So it was really interesting, because this
 was a time where there were lots of legal restrictions
 on what you could wear depending on your position in society.
 So you couldn't dress more fancily than your employers.
 But he was the head accountant for the Fugger family,
 who were a very powerful banking family.
 And they were very worried about being seen as too rich.
 So they tried to tone down what they were wearing.
 So they didn't seem too extravagant.
 And so he had to come up with all these clever ways
 of showing off fashionably.
 So there are these things called pinks, which
 is where you make a tiny slash, just a tiny, tiny cut in fabric.
 So you can see the color of the fabric beneath.
 And his doublet--
 so that's what that's the sort of upper trousers.
 No, the doublet is like the long-legged shrunken waistcoat thing.
 Sorry, the jacket is doublet.
 It had 4,800 pinks in it, which were all handmade.
 How much doublet was there left after you put
 all those in 800s in it?
 Just very quickly on the Fugger family.
 So the guy, the guy who started it
 was called Jacob Fugger.
 And he was, genuinely, the richest man
 who has ever lived.
 He, if he was the right rich Fugger, wasn't he?
 Yeah, yeah, he was born from nothing.
 His dad and his mother Fugger had no--
 [LAUGHTER]
 Had virtually no hotel pitch.
 They virtually had no money.
 And he built it all in his lifetime.
 And if you took the amount that he had,
 and you translated it into today's money,
 he was worth 400 billion.
 Wait, are we going to get a currency on that?
 Oh, what's this in?
 Yen?
 American Derek.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Sorry, yeah.
 He was the richest man who ever lived.
 But I mean, so he was probably the most fashionable person.
 But the fashion's around this time.
 And Renaissance fashions were quite exciting, weren't they?
 So we had, I think, one of my favorite was the Henin.
 This was a really early fashion.
 This was basically medieval.
 And it was the, if you look at kind of Renaissance
 and pre-Renaissance art, it's that weird steeple
 that women wear on their heads.
 So you know, they wear a massive long cone that
 comes up on something falls off the back of it.
 And they would go up to a meter high.
 And people were criticised for wearing these,
 because they thought they looked really ridiculous, which they did.
 And also, it was kind of a sign of lavishness.
 And I was reading about a friar called Thomas Connect,
 who would give pocket money and pardons
 to any boy who was able to get one of these off a woman's head.
 So he paid these little boys to go and pull down
 these monstrous headdresses and face the woman down.
 In the Italian city of Ovietto, this is also
 during the Renaissance fashion, there were rules
 again about what you could wear.
 So your cleavage as a woman could not descend past a certain point.
 And the way they did it was with the measurement of the hands,
 it was two fingers width below the supra-sternal notch
 on your chest.
 And that's basically the front of your collarbone here,
 your clavicle there.
 So it's two fingers width.
 I mean, your cleavage is going nowhere near that.
 So one's cleavage is going nowhere near that.
 So it would be very unusual woman who
 had cleavage that went to an inch below her clavicle.
 I mean, is it going to press coming out of your neck?
 There's just on breasts.
 Another thing in the 16th--
 another thing on the 16th century was that there
 was a fashion to just have your top open and breasts out.
 And there's an account from 1593, the French ambassador,
 Andre Horout, described meeting Queen Elizabeth the First,
 and arriving with her having--
 We have naked boobs out.
 Yeah, the Queen Elizabeth the First, yeah.
 She was 65 at the time.
 Was she?
 Yeah.
 This is-- he wrote this in his diary.
 So whether this is true or not, we don't know.
 But he did say that.
 Do you have what he said?
 Yeah, he said, kept the front of her dress open
 so one could see the whole of her bosom.
 Could see all her belly to her navel.
 So it was just an outright open shirt.
 And it was seen, according to his diaries, as less a risque thing
 than a woman showing her ankles at the time.
 Yeah, ankles were pretty bad, disgusting.
 Well, there was actually a fashion in France about 200 years
 after that to have sort of nakedness showing through your outfit.
 So I really didn't know about this.
 But this was in the 1790s, straight after the reign of terror,
 when a lot of the aristocracy had been wiped out and beheaded.
 The aristocracy remained fought back by developing
 these lavish fashions.
 And they were known as the uncroyabla and the merveoes.
 So the men were the Incredibles and the women were the marvellouss.
 And they would sport these ridiculous fashions.
 So they would go around with these giant monocles.
 They'd have rings on all their toes.
 Yeah, probably like the size of your face.
 They wore huge hats with dog ears coming off them.
 And they pretended to have a lisp.
 And they walked around with hunches,
 because they decided that was a funny thing to do.
 And it was just this weird thing.
 And it was all this comment on you bastards.
 You've like murdered our mates.
 Some of them there was a fashion to brush their hair forward
 and shave off the back a bit of their hair
 as if the guillotine was about to fall.
 And some of them said we're a red necklace to show their red--
 Yeah, like their heads are chopped off.
 But yeah, it was amazing.
 They had these balls, which are called Baldevik team,
 which were balls which only the children or the families
 of people who've been beheaded could attend.
 But they were super cool.
 They were just promising around the streets of Paris
 in these crazy outfits, saying, fuck you.
 Wow.
 In 1463, England's parliament ruled
 that men were no longer allowed to wear short coats
 that did not cover their penises.
 They said we've had enough of that.
 We've had a great time with the parties over.
 Were they wearing trousers?
 Were they like Donald Duck?
 Was it a--
 They kind of were like Donald Duck.
 Wait, so sorry.
 They were naked from the waist down.
 They were not completely naked from the waist down.
 So they had a hoesery?
 They had a hoes.
 But hoes is just tight, really.
 They just had tights that were making it very obvious what
 was where.
 And the jackets kept getting shorter and shorter and shorter.
 And eventually, you could just see lunchbox.
 And the thing was, and that was when
 cob pieces came in as a fashionable thing,
 because they weren't allowed to show their genitals
 or their bulges or whatever.
 And they didn't want to have long coats that covered up.
 They still wanted to have the fashionable ones,
 so they would have the cob pieces instead.
 Really, because I always thought the cob pieces
 the most weird thing that we just accept that people just--
 I thought was to show off your genitals.
 And I think then it became something to draw attention to it,
 and you'd have no Apple one.
 They got bigger and bigger and bigger in the 16th century
 before disappearing completely by the end of the century.
 So this is really weird thing where they get bigger,
 bigger, bigger, bigger, and then suddenly
 smaller, smaller, smaller, smaller, smaller.
 I think we can all--
 Well, the reason they think they went out
 is because there was a new thing that came
 in at the end of the 16th century called a "Pee's Cod Belly."
 And what that was, it was like, you kind of stuff stuff
 inside your shirt.
 Imagine you have a shirt here, you stuff it down.
 And then it kind of makes you a little bit fatter,
 but then it goes down to a peak where your genitals are.
 And so they're fighting over the same real estate kind of thing.
 Yes.
 And so they had this kind of thing,
 but it meant there was no space for the cob piece anymore.
 And they were called-- and women wore them as well.
 They were called stomachers.
 And sometimes there would be a fashion
 to wear a bigger stomacher.
 And that would make you look a little bit pregnant.
 And then sometimes not.
 And the reason they were called "Pee's Cod"
 is because they looked a little bit like a pea pod
 because they kind of tapered at the bottom.
 And they were a very potent sexual symbol.
 And this is one of the reasons that the phrase "shelling peas"
 became a euphemism for sex.
 Really?
 You did it?
 It did.
 Well, I mean, it was in the 16th century.
 And some of us haven't moved on.
 But also because pea fields, people
 used to have sex in pea fields as well.
 Of course it is.
 Peas were just very sexy.
 Peas were just very sexy in the 16th century.
 Beds were hard to come by.
 You know that outfit that you see a lot of in medieval depictions
 of gestures and so on.
 It's the two-color outfit that is horizontal--
 Like a highlight.
 Yes, exactly.
 So yellow on this side, red on this side,
 completely down the middle.
 That is called my party outfit.
 What do you mean?
 Well, no.
 No, we do-- yeah, we've been to a party with you.
 That's what you were, that's great.
 So it's MI, so I guess me, technically, and P-A-R-T-I,
 me party outfits.
 Oh, and is it like, it separates me.
 It parts me.
 No, it's probably Italian or something, but--
 Yeah, but probably an Italian means this parts me.
 No?
 I think-- no, I think it's Jordi, actually.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Where's my party outfit?
 It feels like-- it feels like if we talk about a fashion,
 we have to talk about Bob Rommel, who was the creator of fashion,
 even today.
 So Bob Rommel was the most fashionable man
 at the turn of the 19th century, basically, wasn't he?
 Very early 19th century.
 And he used to take five hours to get dressed each day.
 He polishes boots in-- I know.
 How does he get anything else done?
 Polishes boots in champagne.
 He had three separate hairdressers, one for his temples,
 one for his forehead, and one for the back of his head.
 That's incredible.
 They must have all--
 were they doing it at the same time?
 It's not really like a game of consequences,
 where you do one of them, and then you have to work out
 what they want after that.
 That's really how they match.
 There should be turf war as well,
 between the temples and the top, and then the top and the back.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 We've very tense back there.
 Yeah.
 And you also had separate glove makers.
 So we had a glove maker for the palm, glove maker
 for the fingers, and glove maker for the thumb.
 No.
 You've got to have-- because it's different skills
 making the thumb to making the fingers.
 It's very different.
 Very different, yes.
 Doesn't feel like it.
 Wow.
 You don't know fashion.
 That's true.
 We're going to have to-- oh, we're going to have to move on,
 basically.
 Well, I should just say, Bob Rommel is the reason
 that you're dressed like you're dressed today, all of you.
 And because everyone looks absurd until he came along,
 they all wore these powdered wigs and these big ruffs
 and frills and colors.
 And he basically said, take all the colors away,
 all the textures, what you want is
 neutrally colored clothes that are cut with precision.
 He banned perfume and jewelry for men.
 And men basically dressed like that today.
 That's why you're all stuck in these.
 Yeah, but then it still took him five hours to get ready.
 He got rid of all that stuff, and he's
 like, but it's still going to take me five hours
 to put on a pair of trousers and a shirt.
 But it was exclusively dating herring ladies
 who are still shampooing for the first time.
 OK, it is time for fact number three.
 And that is Chazinsky.
 My fact is, the North Pole is moving so fast
 that we can't keep up.
 So what?
 The next polar expedition is going to go on indefinitely.
 They're just going to be running after it.
 Chasing it.
 This is a real worry.
 This is the magnetic North Pole we're talking about.
 And specifically, when I say we can't keep up,
 our phones can't keep up, our maps can't keep up.
 So there's this thing called the World Magnetic Model.
 And basically, this is the model that works out where North is.
 And it's updated periodically.
 And it was supposed to be updated, I believe, in 2020.
 And then they had a quick look at where the North Pole
 has got to since 2015 or something, and it was last updated.
 And it's moved so fast.
 They've got to update it now because all of our maps are on.
 And so this is announced by scientists
 at the National Center for Environmental Information.
 And they said, because of unplanned variations
 in the Arctic region, it's fucked.
 If you tried to get to the North Pole--
 Sorry, that's the part of the official press release.
 I slipped out of the quote marks without making that clear.
 On the current model, if you tried to fly to the North Pole
 using your phones without the update,
 you'd end up 25 miles away from it.
 Which is quite far.
 Oh, I could walk 25 miles in the Arctic.
 Do we know why it's moved?
 No, we know it's always fluctuated
 because we think it's because there's
 this big molten core of iron in the middle of the earth,
 and it's sloshing around.
 And so that is causing this magnetism to slightly slosh around.
 But we really don't know why it's accelerating so fast.
 So it's suddenly slightly massively speeding up.
 Over 30 years, the rate of distance
 move per year has sped up from 15 kilometers a year.
 It was moving to 55 kilometers a year.
 And no, we don't know why.
 We don't know what's happening in the middle of the earth.
 It's causing this.
 Just to make it clear, this is not the normal North Pole,
 which is the bit that the earth spins on.
 This is where the magnets go.
 I mean, I don't know who you are to label one normal.
 But yeah, so it's not the geographic North Pole, which is--
 Give it to where your compass will.
 The top of the earth is where your compass is going to be.
 Right, I believe that the magnetic South Pole is not moving.
 It is moving a little bit.
 It's not moving as much.
 Yeah, but it's slowly getting more out of kilter.
 So the opposite of the magnetic North Pole
 is not the magnetic South Pole.
 Yeah.
 So it's crazy.
 I read that.
 So you were saying that they had to redo it and announce it.
 So they finally got all the stuff together,
 all the information about where the magnetic North Pole is.
 They were about to release the information
 for people who needed it.
 And then suddenly, in America, that government shutdown
 happened.
 And they weren't able to release it.
 So they had to sit in limbo with the updated information
 and anyone who is 25 miles closer to the North Pole
 than they thought was suddenly unable to access it.
 Yeah.
 It affected millions of people.
 And I think it's moving towards Russia, isn't it?
 It's currently still in Canadian territory,
 but it's moving up towards Siberia.
 Putin's declaring war on it.
 Well, I read that in 2001, Russian researchers
 made the world's biggest magnet.
 And I'm not saying that that's what caused it.
 But they created a 2,800 Tesla magnetic field
 by getting a massive magnet and then
 doing a massive explosion around it.
 So it really pushed it in.
 And this was the biggest magnetism
 that had ever been created on Earth.
 Wow.
 And I'm not saying it's anything to do with it.
 Well, I didn't know we were in the business of encouraging conspiracy
 theorists.
 But what did he gain from seizing the North Pole, though?
 Santa.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Give me that good bad list.
 Trump.
 Trump.
 So I was looking at sort of the history of the North Pole.
 And people really didn't know what was up there in the past,
 because nobody had been there.
 So this is related to the Hollow Earth theory.
 We're on conspiracy theories.
 So this was proposed by Edmund Halley of Halley's
 comet fame in 1692.
 He suggested the planet was a series of shells
 inside each other, because that would explain
 anomalous astronomical data, you know,
 when stars appear to move back and forwards.
 So that was his great explanation for it.
 But this theory got taken on by other people.
 And it evolved.
 And in 1812, there was a war veteran called John--
 I think his name was Simms, S-Y-D-L-M--
 and he wrote that the Earth had massive holes
 at the North and South Pole, and that that was the way
 into the Hollow Earth.
 And that the entire Earth inside, that he called them Simms
 Holes, and he campaigned to launch an expedition
 to the North Pole so that he could go into the Simms Holes
 and explore what was on the inside of the Earth.
 And Congress voted on funding--
 Did they?
 Yeah, I mean, they voted against funding it.
 But Hitler was obsessed with it, wasn't it?
 Hitler-- yeah, he had expeditions.
 I think I'm right in saying this.
 I only know this from reading a tie in Indiana Jones
 book called Indiana Jones in the Hollow Earth.
 But so it's good.
 But in that, Hitler does go exploring
 for the Hollow Earth had actual expeditions.
 Oh, yeah.
 We have to have some basic standards
 of extensible sources.
 But they're written based on history,
 like with the young of the Covenant and the aliens.
 They came back to a young town in his gestor's costume,
 squatting over the catalysts of trade,
 reading Hitler Indiana Jones stories.
 You know, not only is it the North Pole
 that we're sort of losing track of GPS-wise,
 but Australia as well.
 Whoa.
 Yeah, Australia is a bit--
 Oh, well, never mind.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Australia moves a lot.
 It's shifted by 4.9 feet since 1994.
 That's not a lot.
 That's not a lot.
 Is it not?
 Well, Australia's massive of four feet is not massive.
 Oh, but for a whole thing to shift that way.
 But you're not going to get to Ez Rock
 and be four feet away, and God can't see it anywhere.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah, good for you.
 But I programmed the boat to stop right
 at the edge of Australia.
 So we're just going to step off the boat off the presumably
 appear that we'll be waiting for us there.
 But there was a bigger problem.
 I don't know if anyone here uses Bing Maps.
 Yes.
 You use Bing Maps.
 Of course, I don't use Bing Maps.
 It's on Microsoft.
 It's on Microsoft.
 So unfortunately, it turns out that I can't
 believe you use Bing Maps.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Was genuinely not expecting.
 Sussi calls me some problems in the past, but go on.
 Well, yeah.
 Like, for example, if you were looking for Melbourne,
 because Bing Maps had Melbourne placed off the coast of Japan,
 wow.
 That's not for the same reason as the far feet, though.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah.
 This explains when we played Australia, Dan,
 you were four feet away every gig.
 You were just off in the wings.
 And I was in Japan.
 Yeah.
 And there it is.
 So here's the weird thing.
 Bing Maps is updated, not completely,
 but a bit, by information via Wikipedia.
 Now, obviously, Wikipedia is often tampered with.
 And in this circumstance, when they did an update,
 they had ingested someone who tampered with where Melbourne was.
 And suddenly, Bing Maps was registering
 off the coast of Japan.
 Well, so Bing isn't the only one, right?
 Apple Maps had serious problems.
 So in 2012, they dropped Google Maps as their provider.
 And they went to Apple.
 And maybe you will remember, there were some serious issues.
 For instance, there was an Australian town called Mildura,
 which was placed 75 kilometers from where it actually was.
 Problem is that it was in Victoria.
 And it was sort of in the bush.
 So there were four separate incidents in the space
 of a week, where groups of travelers went,
 so we're hiking to this town.
 And it ended up 75 kilometers away in the middle
 of the remote Australian bush in 40 degree heat.
 And all had to be rescued.
 Oh, wow.
 Also, if you search for Manchester United Football Club,
 it directed you to Sale United?
 I think it's like an under 12's team or something.
 And it's for ages five and above, sorry.
 And it had satellite images that it
 advertised as Apple Maps again.
 But it hadn't worked out to penetrate the clouds.
 So a lot of its satellite images, if you went to look at somewhere,
 it was just you were above the clouds.
 You just saw cloud cover.
 What a weird football team to have a policy of accepting
 anyone above the edge of five.
 You're going to get a very mixed range of abilities, yes?
 Time for the final fact of the show.
 And that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that the British vegetarian movement
 was started 200 years ago by a man called Reverend Calhard.
 Yeah.
 And this was in Salford in England.
 And this was 200 years ago.
 He was the Reverend of this chapel.
 And in January 1809, he stood at the pulpit
 and he made a plea to say to all of his congregation,
 we need to stop eating meat.
 They all agreed.
 And that was the fundamental beginnings
 of vegetarianism in the UK.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 Calhard.
 Yes, so he said that if God had meant us to eat meat,
 then it would have come to us in an edible form like a fruit.
 So it makes sense.
 Sushi is arguably fine.
 But Calhard, he wrote hymns that were pro-vegetarianism.
 So he wrote one hymn called "Little Lamb, who ate thee?"
 That's amazing.
 He wrote another one called "Eaters of flesh."
 "Eaters of flesh, could you decry our food and sacred laws?
 Did you behold the Lamb can die and feel yourself the cause?"
 "Low there, he struggles, hear it moan,
 a stretch beneath the knife."
 I mean, this is pretty tough stuff, isn't it?
 But that is something to rhyme with knife,
 because that's not a good ending to the poem.
 "It's eyes would melt a heart of stone,
 how meek it begs for life."
 Wow.
 This act, because we did all just have quite a big meaty curry
 before we came on stage, and I'm now feeling quite guilty,
 as well as sick.
 I like my thing that I like about this fact.
 Obviously, it's vegetarianism started by a man called Calhard,
 and I love those little name connections
 when they go anti-the thing that you're talking about.
 And weirdly, the whole setup of vegetarianism
 in that period of the 1800s was completely rife
 with that kind of names that were connected to either animals
 or meat.
 So the key groups that formed the vegetarian society,
 which eventually got its name in 1847,
 were people who were called the Bible Christian Church,
 which was what he was a part of Calhard.
 You had the Concordium, which was a boarding school,
 and then you had the readers of the Truth Tester Journal.
 So Concordium, which was the high school,
 sorry, the boarding school, in 1837,
 they were located in Ham Common.
 Nice.
 That's where they were.
 And then the Truth Testers, who were the magazine
 that were pushing it, it was taken over,
 the editor ship, by a guy called William Horsel.
 No way.
 Yeah, so you suddenly have Horsen there.
 And then the Truth Testers, they basically,
 they got this other guy who wrote a very important letter,
 who's called William Oldham.
 Wow.
 So then, in 1847,
 in the listeners at home, Dan is pointed,
 and he knows bored behind him with bits of string,
 and connecting everything else to everything else.
 And so in 1847, they officially named the Vegetarian Society,
 where William Oldham was the treasurer,
 and Horsel was the elected secretary,
 and that conference that they had to name it was in Ramsgate.
 Oh.
 It did sound like--
 When you sort of climb out to the end there,
 it did sound like a crazed person.
 Like, we need to call a doctor.
 And by the way, for the people at home,
 he really did climb accidentally under that.
 The herring of fleeing the area, as we speak.
 It's like synchronized spawning on the stage.
 Well, one of the other pioneers was a man called--
 I hate to add to Dan's crackpot theory, William Lamb.
 He was a doctor in 1815.
 He came up with what he called a water and vegetable diet,
 and he said it would cure acne, tuberculosis, scrofula,
 asthma, and lots of other diseases.
 Wow.
 I don't think it did, but it probably would have done a harm.
 If you've got scrofula, give it a go.
 You know, they nearly weren't called vegetarians, vegetarians.
 Oh, well, they're going to be cult.
 So there were lots of potentials.
 Pythagorean?
 Was one of them, was it?
 That's true.
 That's an old one.
 Pythagoras, supposedly.
 Sorry, I'm actually meeting vegans.
 So vegans were nearly not called vegans.
 So in 1944, there was a member of the vegetarian society
 in London, who was called Donald Watson.
 And he set up a new newspaper for vegans.
 He wanted to go a bit further with the vegetarianism.
 And he asked his readers for suggestions as to alternatives.
 And they came up with things like dairy ban.
 So that would be the noun, I am a dairy ban.
 Or bennervor, instead of omnivore or carnivore,
 a bennervor, someone who eats good things.
 Or boom-or-je.
 No, nice.
 I'm a boom-or-je.
 So it was a big thing in the 19th century,
 the vegetarian movement.
 It was a big thing in London.
 And there was one vegetarian restaurant in London in 1878.
 And by the 1880s, there were 52.
 So it suddenly took off.
 But the most popular one around this time
 was started by the best real tennis player in the world.
 That's a good word.
 Wow.
 He was a guy called Eustace Miles.
 And he was basically a real tennis--
 so you know, real tennis is sort of like weird indoor royal
 tennis precursor to tennis.
 And he was the world champion, basically,
 from 1898 to 1911.
 He was the best player in the world.
 And he was also obsessed with fad diets.
 And he was a vegetarian.
 And he opened this restaurant that was incredibly popular.
 And it had stuff on the menu, like little acronyms on the menu
 like we have today.
 We have a V for vegetarian.
 He had NN, which meant very nourishing.
 And he also had-- next to many of his items, FU.
 And that meant free from uric acid.
 Oh, obviously.
 I love my meals free from uric acid.
 I always ask free from uric acid.
 It was quite a big thing, because it sort of caused gout.
 But he was a bit weird.
 He wrote an article once about how everyone
 should be able to live on a diet of two plasmon biscuits
 in one lentil a day.
 One lentil?
 Just the one.
 Yeah.
 Don't overdo it.
 Wow.
 You know in Australia, you get kangaterians.
 Oh, yeah.
 I was kind of a kangaterian in Australia.
 Were you?
 OK, so if anyone here doesn't know what that is,
 kangaterian is where you eat purely kangaroo and no other
 meats, and there's an ethical and moral logic
 behind the idea of becoming a kangaterian.
 One is that one of the big problems we have with farming
 cattle is the methane the farts are ruining the ozone layer,
 whereas kangaroos really emit a very, very tiny fraction
 of the amount that it calda.
 So if you started farming them, that
 would be fantastic for the environment.
 Although one of the reasons that also is ethical
 is that they're not farmed, so they're wild.
 There are a whole host of reasons.
 They're a massive pest, aren't they?
 They're a pest, yeah.
 I always think pests as a subjective term, isn't it?
 We're probably a pest of them as much as that.
 Oh, but they're very hard to catch, though,
 because they're always four feet away
 from where you actually thought they were.
 This is a whole theory.
 There's a guy called Jackson Landers, who's written a book,
 proposing that vegetarians who want to be vegetarians
 for planetary reasons, but they like meat,
 he suggested they should only hunt and eat
 invasive species, and he wrote a book
 where he did exactly that.
 So he ate pigeons in New York City, which I think is brave.
 Yeah, there's a whole theory behind it.
 Again, I don't like to be a dickhead here,
 but I always think invasive species
 is a very human term, isn't it?
 Because that implies they have a concept of nationhood,
 which most animals don't.
 So they're like, I'm allowed to be in New York.
 The pigeons, they're not.
 They don't have the kind of strict immigration policies
 that humans have, I think, at time of recording, anyway.
 On stigma against vegetarianism, this is a weird thing.
 There was a study by the University of Southampton,
 and it found that men, in particular,
 don't like choosing vegetarian dishes
 when they're with other men, particularly,
 for fear of being ridiculed.
 And this study was a year long.
 It was called man food.
 And the sample was small.
 It was only 22 men, so it was not a comprehensive city-wide thing.
 But basically, even men who don't like meat,
 or men who find it hurts their digestive system,
 or men who've been literally asked to meet,
 eat less meat by their doctor, or see themselves as green,
 they want to eat meat, particularly around male friends,
 because they think it's sort of cool.
 It's cool.
 And presumably, that's Western men.
 Is men in Southampton?
 Right.
 I can't stress enough how small the sample was on this study.
 Well, there was a study--
 It's two football teams in Southampton, isn't it?
 22, man.
 Yeah, they had a Gamer football.
 From the age of five upwards.
 There was a study done in Canada, which actually
 showed that you can calm a man down by showing him
 a picture of a piece of meat.
 Stop it!
 No, you can't.
 Yeah, no, no, that is so stupid.
 No, no, no, no, no, no.
 Yeah, McGill University in Canada, and they--
 What do they do?
 How do they do it?
 So they were barfights with a big, laminated steak.
 Don't worry, let's chill out.
 If I was a general, I would make all my soldiers carry pictures
 of meat on their rifles, on the bayonets,
 to completely neutralise the opposing army.
 Give it like a kabab, wouldn't it, of the old bayonets?
 It's such a great idea.
 What it was is that they had 82 men sit down
 and an actor read out a script to them.
 And if the actor ever stuffed up, and as the actor was reading,
 they were looking at different pictures.
 Every time the actor stuffed up, they
 were told to send a loud sound to the actor
 to sort of--
 as punishment for stuffing up.
 So they would stuff up, and they would press this button,
 and there would be levels of loudness.
 Whenever the actor stuffed up, while they were looking
 at a piece of meat, they decided to not really give any punishment,
 whatsoever.
 OK, so maybe it's more that they're distracted by the meat.
 No, it's according to--
 They were calmed by it.
 I do my best here.
 [LAUGHTER]
 What's my study?
 Are there any speculations as to why?
 Yes, actually, this is really interesting.
 It's because the idea that men, once they see meat,
 and it's in a cook form, it's so they can see the charcoal-grilled,
 kind of nice--
 It's a slab of steak.
 All that's been properly barbecued, someone.
 But also, they think it's caught.
 I don't need to go hunting.
 I don't need to be the man who's going to be aggressive and stuff.
 I can calmly eat my meal now.
 And again, this is not my study, but you wasted everybody's time with it.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So it's reassuring them that they're going to get some meat.
 They're thinking of meal time with their families.
 They're thinking, this is a nice image.
 And yeah, calm down.
 Is it a pretty picture?
 For me, man.
 I got another thing about-- this is about veganism this time.
 President Eisenhower from America, his great-granddaughter,
 thinks that veganism is going to help us to contact aliens.
 Great.
 This is, actually, this is fractionally more plausible
 than the last thing you ran up the flagpole.
 That she said, we have to understand
 that we are multi-dimensional beings,
 and based on our frequency perceptions and vibratory levels
 that we are functioning from, we are going to see different things.
 So that's her.
 So that's Eisenhower's great-granddaughter.
 She thinks that meat holds us down the density of our bodies.
 And if we want to connect with the higher beings,
 the vegetables are going to be much lighter.
 And they think--
 It's interesting, because some political families
 you just think, oh, they've got so much power stored in the family.
 They're just going to be in the front of politics
 for generations to come.
 I don't think the Eisenhower family is one of these families.
 They're never going to elect an idiot to the president of America.
 They say so they--
 It's also not super reassuring, what she said.
 So that implies that if you adopt a vegetarian or a vegan diet,
 you're just going to float away.
 That's the implication.
 It's true.
 OK, I can't believe we're ending on that, but that is--
 that is it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we have said over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland, Andy.
 @AndreyHunterM, James.
 @JamesHarkin, and Chazinski.
 You can email podcast@ky.com.
 Yep, or you can go to our group account, which is @nosuchthing,
 or our website.
 Nosuchthing is a fish.com.
 We have everything on there from our previous episodes
 to upcoming tour dates and all the stuff
 that we've released merchandise-wise.
 Thank you so much, Annembro.
 We'll see you again.
 Good bye.
 [CHEERING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
