 (upbeat music)
 - Hi everyone, welcome to this week's show
 which was recorded live in the wonderful city
 of Christchurch, the furthest away
 that we have ever been from home.
 Unfortunately, Andrew Hunter Murray was not here
 for this show, he was unexpectedly called back
 to the UK for personal reasons, but in his place,
 we had the unbelievably brilliant Josh Thompson.
 Now, those of you who like a New Zealand comedy
 like I do will know all about Josh.
 He has been on New Zealand Taskmaster,
 he's been on the Guy Montgomery/Guymont spelling bee,
 which by the way, if you've never seen that,
 you have to go into YouTube and look for episodes of that
 'cause it's a brilliant show.
 He's also been in the New Zealand version of The Office,
 but in this show, he came on and was absolutely brilliant,
 told us a whole load of facts that we didn't know
 about New Zealand.
 I'm really sure you're gonna love this show.
 It's the last one of our talk, can you believe it?
 We'll be back to normal programming in a couple of weeks' time,
 but anyway, I really hope you enjoy the show with Josh.
 And what else is there to say,
 apart from on with the podcast.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (audience cheers)
 - Hello, and welcome to another episode
 of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast,
 this week coming to you live from Christchurch.
 (audience cheers)
 My name is Dan Schuyler.
 I'm sitting here with Anna Tyshinski,
 James Harkin, and Josh Thompson.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days,
 and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one,
 and that is Josh.
 - Well, my fact is that the first people
 to achieve powered flight were not actually
 the American Wright brothers.
 (audience cheers)
 They know it well here, we're not the Wright brothers,
 but actually a lone eccentric New Zealand farmer
 called Cranky Dick Pierce.
 (audience laughs)
 - Somebody tells me that the people of Christchurch
 might have come across this guy before.
 - Yeah, well, there's an airport about two hours from here
 in a town called Temeru, where I was born, yes.
 (audience cheers)
 And that is named Richard Pierce Airport,
 after he flew about two hours drive away from here.
 - Wow, amazing.
 - So the Wright brothers flew in Kitty Hawk in America
 in December, 1903, but Richard Pierce actually flew
 in March, 1903.
 - 'Cause there's a lot of conflicting accounts,
 and you should--
 - I'm so totally sure.
 - The ocean, yeah.
 - Here's the only problem, right, is that,
 and I see where Anna's coming from,
 the Wright brothers, when they did it,
 they have a photo and they had lots of people who saw it.
 The issue with old Cranky Dick is that we have nothing.
 We have bits of the plane and full bits of the plane,
 but the original one, no one took a photo
 and no one saw it happen.
 And--
 - What, loads of people saw it happen?
 - Sorry, loads of people saw it happen,
 but by the time they were properly interviewed about it,
 most of them were dead.
 - I heard that there were some photos,
 but they got destroyed in a flood.
 - Yeah, there were a lot of convenient destruction
 of photos.
 (audience laughs)
 But the real, I think the main thing Richard Pierce
 had working against him was that he was a New Zealander,
 and in New Zealand, we don't like to show off, so.
 - Yeah.
 - So while the Wright brothers had your movies
 and your photos of the event,
 Richard Pierce had a handful of farmers watching,
 and he had a bit of trouble getting the plane started,
 actually, which happens to the best of us.
 And after a while, right guys?
 (audience laughs)
 If there's a lot of farmers watching,
 but they're all pointing and giving instructions.
 After a while, after a while, a lot of the farmers left,
 so there was only a really small handful of people.
 He got the plane going,
 but then he didn't want to gloat about it.
 So he knew the farmers would be like,
 "Oh, okay, I saw your little bicycle plane fly,
 "mate, calm down."
 (audience laughs)
 But yeah, he just didn't keep any journals.
 - So was it like a bicycle?
 - No, it was pretty amazing, really.
 He built the entire thing himself.
 So the Wright brothers had a lot of money.
 They sort of connected to the Vanderbilt family,
 and they were commissioning engine parts
 and stuff like that.
 Richard Pierce built the entire thing himself.
 I've seen the engine.
 Like, the pistons are made from irrigation pipes.
 The cylinders are made from tobacco cans.
 And when you look at it,
 it looks like it's made from tins and cans.
 - Wow.
 - A bunch of baked bean cans
 stacked together for a high school production.
 (audience laughs)
 - And the frame was made out of bamboo, right?
 - Yes, that's right, yes.
 - And so he was also known as bamboo dick.
 - Yes, yes.
 - Yeah.
 - Which grew as famously fast.
 - It's the fastest growing plant on earth.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Just be careful googling that.
 I had a bit of a--
 (audience laughs)
 - Not proud of it, but you know.
 - They did a replica of it to see if it would fly.
 And this was in the 1970s,
 and they made a documentary about it.
 And while they were doing the filming,
 they attached it to a horse.
 A loud noise happened and the horse bolted.
 And as it ran, the speed that it went at,
 which it pulled the plane into the air.
 - Oh wow.
 - And all the crew saw it flying.
 They went, oh my God, it's flying.
 It actually worked.
 And then it crash-landed.
 And they went, did you get that?
 And no one was filming.
 - Oh yeah.
 How convenient.
 Why did they tie it to a horse?
 - I had no idea.
 - That's such a Timaru thing to do.
 (audience laughs)
 Everything, if you ever go down there,
 everything's tied to a horse, man.
 - Well, Timaru, so not only have you got
 Richard Pierce airport down there,
 and it is where you are from, where you were born.
 Also, another notable character from there
 is Farlap, a horse.
 - Yes, yeah, I can't believe it.
 - Farlap was sired there and the father of Farlap
 was called, what was he called, Night Raid.
 And Night Raid had a bunch of award-winning horses.
 Farlap, which was the biggest,
 there was one called Lady Graceful, Pillow Fight,
 and one called Peter Jackson.
 - Wow.
 (audience laughs)
 - Really?
 - Yeah, for incidents.
 - It is weird.
 Do you know how big a deal they make of him in Australia?
 It's mad.
 And he's from New Zealand.
 I was astonished.
 It's so odd that they've spread Farlap
 over three different locations in Australia.
 Like, would you do that to someone you love?
 They worship this horse for non-Australian-New Zealand
 listeners.
 Farlap is the biggest celebrity in Australian history.
 (audience laughs)
 Incredible race horse from the first half of the 20th century.
 It was a very sweet story because a trainer
 persuaded a businessman to buy him from New Zealand.
 And then he turned up and his face was all covered in warts.
 And so the businessman went, that's disgusting.
 That's a horrible horse.
 No, I'm not gonna pay to train it.
 So the guy trained it for free.
 And yeah, it won all the races there were for ages.
 And then there was an assassination attempt
 and everything.
 But then when he died,
 they couldn't decide where to keep bits of him.
 So his hide is in Melbourne Museum.
 Skeleton in the, actually a skeleton is in New Zealand,
 I think.
 Oh yeah.
 Yeah?
 That's actually the best bit.
 And I think it's heart.
 I totally, yeah.
 (laughs)
 You want the bones, mate.
 (laughs)
 And his heart is in the National Museum of Australia.
 So yeah, you've got the skeleton.
 That's good.
 Farlap.
 Is that a New Zealand thing?
 Is that what's gonna happen with you, Josh?
 When you go?
 Yeah, I hope so.
 (audience laughs)
 It's gonna take a while to get the hide off,
 to be honest.
 (audience laughs)
 We'll keep the bones at home.
 Yeah.
 Actually, there was a session at the National Museum.
 Farlap was hit by the mob.
 Right?
 Yes.
 This was by shooting, which didn't get him,
 and he went on to win a race that day.
 The mob, did you say?
 Yeah.
 Did they leave a human head in his bed?
 (audience laughs)
 I think we should really emphasise just quickly,
 going back to this first powered flight,
 which appears how humble he genuinely was.
 When he was interviewed, he refused to take credit almost.
 He misremembered it, so most of the evidence,
 and most people who've researched it,
 agree now that he was the first powered flight.
 It was nine to 18 months before the Wright brothers.
 But when he was asked to remember it,
 he said, "I don't think I did anything practical with it
 until 1904," incorrect.
 He was doing it in 1903 or 1902,
 'cause they interviewed all these sort of
 80, 90-year-olds in the '70s and '80s, I think,
 who all remembered sort of when in their lives
 it had happened, they could place it historically,
 so they could put the event in context.
 But he just said, "You know, know the Wright brothers,
 they have fair cop, they should get the credit.
 I'm just, you know, no invention is really
 invented by a single person, it's just all inevitable
 that someone will come up with it."
 It was just bizarre.
 The other thing is, the Wright brothers,
 they send it up with a catapult or something.
 It was like--
 It was down a big rail slide.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, like a sort of water slide, but without water.
 And his one.
 Yeah.
 (audience laughs)
 Yeah.
 To describe it for you, you might not understand.
 I got it.
 His one was much more like modern planes, right?
 Yeah.
 Yeah, that's right.
 What's really amazing about it is that he left
 zero research, and because of that,
 he had zero impact on the aircraft industry,
 'cause no one knew he existed, no one knew what he did.
 Yet, the Wright brothers had a biplane,
 they had an engine mounted behind them,
 they had skids instead of wheels,
 and yet planes evolved to be more like Richard Pierce's
 plane, which had wheels, a variable-pitch propeller,
 single-plane engine mounted in front,
 propeller on a center crankshaft.
 So really, bamboo dick was right.
 Yeah.
 (audience laughs)
 And all on his own, he built the engine on his own.
 He just went to someone, the only other person in New Zealand
 who knew what an engine was basically at that time.
 He was so fresh, that's not a knock.
 Like 10 years before his flight was the first time
 that there was a recorded hot air balloon flight
 in New Zealand.
 Really?
 Yeah, in 1903.
 So we're talking about, like, there's a lot of tech
 that wasn't yet here.
 So this guy taught him how to make a machine.
 He then gets on his bicycle to go and collect
 all the bamboo that he needs for the plane itself.
 So he's just riding in and out of town,
 building this eccentric thing that no one's ever seen before,
 'cause it doesn't exist, and yeah, and then he does it.
 The guy he worked with, who was the engineer,
 just had a build on his, you know,
 everyone works together on this,
 was a huge deal in his own right.
 The engineer who was the guy called Cecil Walkden Wood,
 I don't know how one only is here,
 but he sounded very cool.
 So he made New Zealand's first motorbike
 and probably first motor car, I think, around 1901,
 and he powered it with gunpowder.
 Yeah.
 (audience laughs)
 And he got...
 (laughs)
 It goes very fast over a very short time.
 But he bought his gunpowder from a local chemist
 who was called William Gunn.
 (audience laughs)
 Brilliant, yeah, the chances, yeah.
 That's great.
 So Richard Pierce's engine that he made himself,
 a Model T Ford engine has 20 horsepower
 and weighed about 136 kg.
 Richard Pierce's homemade engine out of baked bean cans
 had 25 horsepower and weighed about 57 kg.
 So, more power and about less than half the weight.
 And the Wright Brothers engine had 12 horsepower and 82 kg.
 I mean, how embarrassing.
 (audience laughs)
 Although he did keep crashing it.
 I'm just...
 One thing I thought, there were like three separate counts
 of it crashing into a bush.
 It crashed into a bush again.
 Another bush.
 He had a lot of bush.
 (audience laughs)
 He was a very bad farmer.
 Like apparently his animals were starving.
 He's terrible.
 He didn't care, he didn't care.
 There's only a few instances in which the media
 had any kind of interest in him whatsoever
 during his lifetime.
 One happened in 1909.
 At this point, he's a really kind of dishevelled
 reclusive in his house.
 And they come to him because they wanna interview him
 about the fact that between June and August of 1909,
 lots and lots of New Zealanders thought
 that aliens were invading because they kept seeing stuff
 in the sky.
 People were going, we think either aliens
 or Germans are invading, we're not sure.
 And they were reporting it to the police.
 There were multiple counts of kids in school,
 grounds seeing an object land and fly off again.
 And it's gone down in the sort of annals
 of like UFO cannon of sort of like legit encounters.
 But they went to him at that point and said,
 "Didn't you try and build one of those things
 "that was going up?"
 And that's one of the only interviews that we have
 during his lifetime, yeah.
 - And what was that point?
 It was like, are you an alien?
 - Well, they were.
 - Yeah.
 - What did they think?
 - No, they were like.
 - Can we go up and get them?
 Can we use that?
 - Yeah, or is it possible that we are being visited
 by you know, Americans who are flying planes
 who they just haven't told us and like they're going
 from city to city and so on.
 - You also invented a bike that you don't pedal cyclically.
 You pump up and down with your feet.
 - Oh.
 - And it was like a piston bike and it wrote,
 but it also had tires that inflated as you rode.
 - Oh, that's amazing.
 - Which must have been so hard to make.
 I would suggest making better tires in the first place.
 - Yeah.
 - But it was like, these bloody tires keep getting flat.
 But I've seen the picture of that bike
 and the tires are flat.
 - Really?
 - So maybe, maybe he was right.
 - Well, 'cause you do, well, if you're not a cyclist,
 you don't want to waste air.
 You know?
 (laughing)
 I think that's fair enough.
 I think that's a good point.
 - Yeah, eco-friendly.
 - I thought I'd look at a few more local achievements
 as soon as we're in Christchurch.
 So I went on the Guinness World Records
 and I found out that the largest ever game of leapfrog
 was in Christchurch.
 It involved 1,348 participants.
 - Okay.
 - Which I think, by coincidence,
 is the exact number of people in this building right now.
 (laughing)
 If you include all the staff and us four,
 I think it's excited.
 So we could do that.
 - Okay.
 - All right.
 - Slightly messes with the format of the show, but yeah.
 And the most teabags thrown into mugs in 30 seconds
 for it, for a team of two,
 (laughing)
 that was broken in Christchurch in 2021.
 - Wow.
 - It was 11.
 (laughing)
 - Final thing.
 - The most teabags thrown into mugs in 30 seconds
 by a team of one is 13.
 (laughing)
 - Yeah.
 - And one final thing in Christchurch,
 the greatest distance ever run on a treadmill
 in 48 hours by a female.
 Can you guess how far she ran?
 - Well, you don't get anywhere, do you?
 - Yeah, zero miles.
 (laughing)
 But she thought she'd run 340 kilometers.
 - Okay.
 - Okay.
 - How long is that?
 - Well, the days when we missed the plane
 are quite a long way back, aren't they?
 (laughing)
 - Yeah, I tried to see if there were sort of
 any notable stories that came out of Timurut,
 you know, just like any great news stories.
 The only thing I could find was that the
 Timurut District Council were trying to investigate
 a missing $5,000 toilet unit.
 They basically just nicked this giant outdoor toilet.
 And yeah, and just, I mean,
 it doesn't get any more interesting except--
 - Well, I mean, look, I've dealt with these allegations
 in the past.
 (laughing)
 - To be honest, I'm sick of them.
 It's time to move on.
 - Maybe someone tied a horse to it, and they just--
 (laughing)
 - Yeah, that's true.
 Shout out to the journalists, by the way,
 who ends the piece by saying, "Police are investigating,"
 but still have nothing to go on.
 - Oh my God.
 (laughing)
 - Come on.
 - Decisions were made.
 (upbeat music)
 - It is time for fact number two, and that is Anna.
 - My fact this week is that in the 1940s,
 a law was passed that meant wherever the Dutch princess
 stood, didn't count as a country.
 - What?
 - So cool and weird.
 I can't find out another time this has happened,
 but this is amazing, and I read this in a book,
 which is so fun, and I would recommend.
 I found it on my bookshelves recently.
 It's called Atlas of Extinct Countries by Gideon Defoe,
 and it's about all sorts of weird nationality quirks.
 And this story, so this is in 1940,
 Germany invades the Netherlands.
 The Dutch royal family flees, mostly goes to Britain,
 but the princess, crown princess Juliana, went to Ottawa,
 and she went with her two daughters to Ottawa,
 while Germany was occupying the Netherlands,
 and while there, she got herself knocked up,
 and there was a problem with that,
 because the law in the Netherlands was that no one
 could be in the line of succession
 if they were born on the soil of a foreign country,
 and she only had two daughters at the time,
 so if she'd had a son,
 that would have meant he would be presumptive,
 but he couldn't be 'cause he'd be born in Canada,
 so they had to do something about this,
 so the government got together with a bunch of lawyers,
 and they concocted a new law,
 which basically said, wherever this pregnant lady is,
 isn't Canada, because in case she gives birth,
 it can't be on Canadian soil.
 - And did the Canadians agree with this?
 - I think, you know, it's only a small bit of their soil,
 it's not like you're stealing an acre of land.
 - Well, it depends where she walks, though.
 If she gave birth, sort of, I don't know,
 in the prime minister's chair or something,
 and then to boot, like.
 - He was probably very careful not to lend him
 her chair at that time.
 - But was it the case that it was technically
 born in the Netherlands, or was it just no,
 it didn't belong to any?
 - It was weirdly nothing.
 I think maybe making it in the Netherlands
 would have been even harder,
 and the law was that as long as it's not another country,
 you're okay, so it was just an extra-territorial zone,
 basically. - Right.
 - The thing is, if she'd have been born in Canada
 under normal rules, then she would have been British,
 because anyone who was born in Canada
 on those days was British,
 because it was a farm of British colony.
 Although, because she was a Protestant descendant
 of Sophia of Hanover by British law,
 she's British anyway.
 - Right.
 - It's one of the weirdest ways to get citizenship
 of any country, I think.
 But you know, you have to do the tests
 when you go to different places.
 To be British, all you really have to do
 is to be a Protestant descendant of Sophia of Hanover,
 and you're straight in.
 - Really?
 You know, if you're Dutch and you're in Canada at the time,
 you know when you see in movies,
 sometimes someone's running towards an embassy
 so that they don't get caught.
 Could, if they'd hopped on her shoulders
 for like a shoulder ride, would they?
 (audience laughing)
 - Yeah?
 - Yeah, but you then have to stay
 on her shoulders the whole time.
 And as soon as the baby's out, it's Canada again.
 - Yeah, but you make her walk to an embassy.
 - I see, I see, yeah.
 It's probably easier to leg it to the embassy.
 I don't know if you've tried climbing
 on the shoulders of a nine month pregnant woman, but.
 (audience laughing)
 Very easy.
 - My wife and I have some really weird kinks.
 (audience laughing)
 So was this Princess Juliana?
 - Yes.
 Now, I was unaware of the pregnant thing.
 But I do know that after the war,
 she gave Canada 100,000 tulip bulbs to say thank you.
 - Gee, that's cool.
 - And I just think 100,000 is too much.
 (audience laughing)
 Like, you know when, it's just too much, Edmund.
 Like, you know when you go to,
 someone gives you like a bag of tomatoes
 during tomato season, you go,
 "Oh, okay, well now I've got to deal with all these tomatoes.
 This fruit flies everywhere."
 You know, like, they've got to plant
 100,000 tulip bulbs somewhere.
 They've got to feed them, they've got to keep them alive.
 And you know, when she comes to visit,
 she's going to be like, "Where's my 100,000 tulips?"
 - I know, you can't hide it.
 - It's not even just that.
 It didn't stop at 100,000.
 She then went on to give them 20,000 more
 as an extra thanks to the maternity ward
 in the hospital that she gave birth in,
 so they could be planted in the grounds.
 And then it became an annual thing.
 She would send them tens of thousands of bulbs
 every year for her entire reign.
 - To me, it sounds like she's got a lot of tulips
 hanging around her, she's trying to get rid of them.
 - It sounds like big tulip to me.
 (all laughing)
 - That's the case of the bulb industry,
 reaching its claw over the world again.
 (all laughing)
 - All of Canada's mates always getting tulips
 as presents, constantly re-gifted.
 That's who they don't know her.
 - This kind of thing did happen
 in a few other places around that time.
 So in 1945, the British government ceded
 suite 212 at Claridge's to Yugoslavia.
 So the room, 212, they said,
 "This is now a part of Yugoslavia,
 "so that the air to Yugoslav throne could be born
 "on Slavic soil."
 - So does that mean like the house, like the maids,
 did they have to go through customs
 and like paint the room or what?
 (all laughing)
 - I guess so.
 According to the story, they got a spade full of soil
 from Yugoslavia and put it underneath the bed.
 So that not just was it technically Slavic soil,
 it was literally Slavic soil.
 - Yes.
 - I'm not sure if that's true.
 - 'Cause yeah, there's rumors of that kind of stuff
 with George Washington, there was a statue in London.
 They said that the soil that the statue was placed on
 was American soil that was imported,
 so that Washington wasn't technically on British soil.
 But I think that was the tourist guide to tell you that.
 I think that might have been false.
 - It's pretty easy to fake soil.
 (all laughing)
 I wrote a pretty tight record down in the South Island.
 (all laughing)
 - Yeah, but on the other hand,
 having come into New Zealand and Australia,
 it's not that easy to bring soil in, is it?
 (all laughing)
 - That's right.
 - He just keeps handing his golf shoes over every time
 we come into--
 - This is a great tip, by the way.
 So if you play golf and you bring golf shoes in,
 you have to declare them because they might have soil on them.
 But when you declare them, they clean them for you.
 - Lovely.
 - It's amazing, I've never had such clean golf shoes.
 - It's a very expensive way to get your golf shoes cleaned
 by a ticket to Australia or New Zealand
 every time you need it done.
 (all laughing)
 - I was actually reading a few of the other fun
 weird nationality examples in this book,
 "The Atlas of Extinct Countries."
 One of my favorites is something called
 "The Republic of Goose," which is a village.
 It's in the mountains of Southwestern France.
 It's a little hamlet, but it's this weird thing
 happened in the 19th century where this rumor spread
 that it was its own independent republic.
 It's quite hard to work out where it came from.
 I think an MP referred to it as a republic in 1827.
 And you go back through newspaper archives
 and there'll be stories in the American newspaper saying,
 "Well, of course, there's this tiny village of Goose,"
 which is its own independent republic in France.
 It had no legal basis, but two things I like about it.
 One is that according to an 1896 article
 from an American tourist who went there,
 the women there remained beautiful, well into middle life
 in striking contrast to the lowland women of France.
 (all laughing)
 That's interesting.
 And the other thing is lowland women,
 because Goose was on the top of a hill,
 the other cool thing about it is that
 it was at least an hour's hike to get down
 to the bottom of the hill to get anywhere else.
 And when someone dies in Goose, that's a faff.
 So they created a chute out of timber
 and they just got their corpses whenever anyone died.
 - Like a water slide, but with no water.
 (all laughing)
 - That's absolutely right.
 - Wow, that's very cool.
 - The body just, what a wonderful way to end your life,
 or to begin death as a little prayer at the top.
 Tip them over the edge,
 slid them down to the town at the bottom,
 which presumably was like,
 "Stop sliding your dead bodies down here."
 (all laughing)
 - That's so funny.
 I got a riddle for you.
 - Okay.
 - Okay, so in 2009, a girl was born in China.
 Her father was a Canadian citizen born in Libya
 and her mother was a Chinese citizen.
 What was her nationality?
 - You can have this.
 - So she was born in China.
 - I'd say Chinese.
 - She was born in China.
 Her father was Canadian, but he was born in Libya.
 Her mother was Chinese.
 Now, you would think Chinese,
 but because the two parents were not married,
 according to Chinese law,
 he goes on what the father's nationality was,
 so she couldn't be Chinese.
 - Okay.
 The daughter was the force.
 (all laughing)
 - Okay, so.
 (all laughing)
 - Or.
 - Let's pretend he never said that.
 - Or Libyan.
 - So he didn't have his Libyan citizenship anymore
 'cause he'd renounced that 'cause he'd moved to Canada.
 But according to Canadian law,
 you could only be Canadian if you were born in Canada
 or if one of your parents was born in Canada
 and he wasn't born in Canada.
 - Oh my gosh, she didn't, she had nothing.
 - Well, the answer is she was Irish.
 (all laughing)
 So I'm quite surprised she didn't get that, Josh, actually.
 - No, I was gonna say Scottish, which is different.
 It's different, but it's Indonesian,
 and I was pretty close mentally.
 Mentally, that was pretty close.
 - Why?
 - It turned out that the father's father was born in Ireland
 and you can get Irish citizenship
 if your grandparents are from there.
 So since she couldn't get any of the others,
 they gave her Irish citizenship.
 - Very good, good old Ireland.
 - And then eventually it got in the news and stuff
 and the Canadians went,
 "Oh yeah, we should probably give her Canadian citizenship."
 So she did get that in the end, but yeah.
 - Oh, Ireland is always sort of scooping up the rejects
 from the rest of the world.
 It's so nice.
 - And in a very nice way.
 I remember when we were in the EU
 and sort of everyone found a very, very distant
 bit of Irish ancestry about it.
 Yeah, we'll have you.
 Yeah, yeah, sure.
 Come on in.
 (all laughing)
 - Well, I went, I mean, I'm loving all this stuff,
 but I really dug deep on the tulip buzz.
 (all laughing)
 And I went down quite a rabbit hole
 of terrible gifts from royal families.
 - Really nice.
 - And in 1851, Queen Victoria
 sent American president of the United States.
 (all laughing)
 You see, the Queen Victoria sent the president,
 Millard Fillmore, a 1,000 pound block of cheddar cheese.
 - Wow.
 - That's 450 KGs, it's nearly half a tonne of cheddar.
 - Wow, so like a week's supply almost.
 (all laughing)
 - Well, apparently it's quite hard to transport
 and became quite smelly.
 So, I think it was meant to cement
 American-British relations, but it just stank.
 So.
 And in the 1860s, Napoleon III of France
 sent Emperor Maximilian of Mexico
 a stuffed alligator wearing a crown.
 (all laughing)
 Again, to celebrate the French-backed emperor's rule
 over Mexico, but everyone thought it was just a bit weird.
 - Yeah, tacky, it's tacky.
 It goes in the guest room, that.
 - And there's a more recent one.
 You guys might know about this.
 I don't know if this is controversial,
 but Prince Charles, who was Prince at the time.
 (all laughing)
 Guys, I've got a lot of facts.
 (all laughing)
 He visited Haiti as they were recovering from an earthquake
 and he gifted them a jar of sand from the Dead Sea.
 - Wow. - And it was seen
 as not particularly helpful.
 (all laughing)
 If anything, the last thing you want after an earthquake
 is more dirt.
 (all laughing)
 - We've got to move on in a sec, guys.
 - There's sort of about diplomatic quirks
 and I kind of love all the weird diplomatic quirks
 and immunities there are.
 I think actually my favorite example
 of like a diplomatic rule that's made,
 it was in 1917.
 I don't think we've talked about Lenin's train trip
 back to the Russian Revolution,
 which was the thing that triggered the Russian Revolution.
 So in 1917, Lenin was taken in a secret sealed train,
 which was kind of officially given Russian embassy status.
 He was taken from Zurich to Petersburg,
 sort of so that he could start the revolution.
 It was arranged by Germany
 because Germany wanted to weaken the Russian war effort
 at the time and it thought the best way to do this
 is to get this crazy revolutionary
 to go and start a revolution there.
 So the Germans sort of sent Lenin back.
 So it was quite awkward because Germany and Russia are at war,
 but they're sharing a train together
 and helping each other out.
 So they drew a chalk line
 down the middle of the train carriage
 and all the German sort of soldiers and guards
 stood on one side and Lenin and his mates stood on the other.
 And it's such a conflicted journey.
 They had to swap carriages about four times.
 So they always had to get off, get on, redraw the line.
 Say, you're not allowed to cross over.
 But the thing I actually love most about this,
 because it's such a nice insight into Lenin's mind,
 is he also organized a bathroom rotor?
 So on this train,
 there was one bathroom between 34 people,
 half Russians, half Germans.
 Lenin had forbidden anyone to smoke on the train
 except in the bathroom.
 This caused a problem
 because everyone kept hogging the bathroom.
 So he started issuing passes.
 He's on his way to start the greatest revolution
 of the 20th century.
 He was issuing bathroom passes
 and you got a second-class pass
 if you needed to have a cigarette
 and you got a first-class pass
 if you needed, you know, to...
 - And number two, go on. - Have a number two.
 Or a number one, you know?
 He didn't distinguish between those in the pass system.
 So you could.
 There's Lenin like, you want a week?
 Yes, there's a first-class pass
 and that gave you priority
 and you got to bang on the door and say,
 "Oi, smoker, get out."
 - Amazing. - And that's, um...
 Just... That's... I find that really entertaining.
 LAUGHTER
 - What's that? - Good old Lenin.
 - Good old Lenin. - Good old Lenin, you know?
 Not enough people talk about that side of him.
 - That's the answer. - The bathroom monitor side.
 It is time for fact number three,
 and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that the Marine snail,
 Litorina saxotillus,
 is otherwise known as the most
 misidentified creature in the world.
 It has been wrongly identified as a new species
 over 113 times
 and was first described in 1792.
 - This is astonishing. - That's crazy.
 - It's crazy. - 'Cause it just looks like a little snail.
 Yeah, it's a little rough periwinkle,
 is the kind of snail.
 And, yeah, it's a snail that just comes in different shapes,
 different sizes, different colours.
 Yeah, and so as a result, people keep finding it and going,
 "Wow, this is new," and giving it a new name,
 and then people eventually just go,
 "Sorry, that is the periwinkle.
 "We need to bring that back to the old name."
 As far as I could tell,
 'cause it's a bit hard to get the full list,
 but I have seen a list, sometimes it's been named six times
 as a new species by the same people.
 LAUGHTER
 - Which is wild. - That's so funny.
 It's like every new human you met thinking there were different species
 'cause they're wearing different clothes, basically.
 - Yes. - 'Cause they do have this real variety.
 I don't know how people do it who are naming these things.
 The problem with them is that they adapt incredibly quickly.
 They're amazing, so if they find themselves in a different situation suddenly,
 some are a bit cold, some are a bit scary,
 some are a bit rocky and exposed,
 they'll exploit the genes within them,
 'cause they've got huge genetic variation,
 they'll exploit the genes within them that make them turn bright red
 or make them go really small or make them get a really thicker shell.
 So that's why every single one that's completely different.
 - Yeah, and this isn't just with this particular species.
 So there's a big group we're called the World Register of Marine Species,
 or Worms, and they have been going through, exhaustively,
 the giant list that we have of all the names of all the species out there,
 and they've discovered that they've had to reassess 190,400 of them
 because they're duplicates and they need to be taken away.
 So yeah, we have 228,450 accepted species,
 as it stands, that number is growing all the time.
 - It's almost half, they went back and looked at the list and were like,
 "Half of these are shit, they're just that guy in a hat."
 - I just don't know how you could misidentify,
 I'm not a "Guess Your Pod" mollusk guy,
 I'm more on a bi-valve buzz,
 but if I got a trial to draw a picture of something they found at the beach,
 it would be this, it's the most common thing I've ever seen.
 - I've got to say, I'm not actually sure if that's the tale we're talking about.
 - And I've just got to say that people listening at home
 don't know what we're pointing at, so as far as that concerned,
 this is exactly what it is.
 - That's right.
 - It could go the other way, of course,
 there's a lot of things that look identical and turn out to be completely different.
 So, for instance, there were some researchers looked at the DNA
 of 643 bird species in North America,
 and they found 15 new species that looked identical to other things,
 but when they checked the DNA, it turned out they were completely different,
 because they just looked like little brown birds.
 - It's so weird, I always wonder with taxonomy,
 there must come a point where you think, "Why are we doing this? Why does it..."
 Is it that this bird doesn't care that it's a slightly different type of bird to this bird?
 Why do I care?
 - I guess we would know if things go extinct, if we put them in big databases.
 - Yeah, I know, but that's the thing, if it's very similar to this thing,
 then I know this is a very controversial thing to say, though,
 in the age of climate change, I'm going to back out.
 But I think one thing that epitomizes it is the giraffe problem, right?
 So, I think, we thought for many hundreds of years that there's one species of giraffe,
 and then very recently it's been thought that actually giraffes are split into four different species,
 and that means that giraffes suddenly go from being a bit of a worry to very endangered,
 because now that there are four species, each species has far fewer members.
 - Oh, yeah.
 - And it seems like there's such a weird categorization that we put on stuff to say to this giraffe,
 "Hey, mate, did you know yesterday that you were fine, but today you're in serious trouble?"
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - What?
 - Oh, that is interesting.
 It's as well, the worms, that unit, they've made estimates about what there is out there still to find,
 and they think there are still 10,000 new marine species waiting to be found
 that are sitting exclusively in the back rooms of museums that have been collected.
 And actually, that is a big thing in the world of curation with museums.
 A lot of new species are discovered in the boxes that they have there as opposed to in the field.
 We went behind the scenes at the Natural History Museum in London.
 There are still boxes that Darwin collected from the beagle that have not been properly studied yet.
 - It's incredible.
 - Yeah.
 - There was one person at University College London who left the job, I think they retired,
 and they left a bottle of homemade plum brandy in the drawer.
 And then when they actually looked at it, they found out that it wasn't a macerated plum in the brandy.
 It was actually a testicle, Brackett's Species Unknown.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And they've added it to the collection.
 - Really?
 - Hopefully one day we'll find out what kind of testicle that was.
 It was a good job they didn't drink it.
 - Yeah.
 You know, that reminds me of a great New Zealand invention.
 We talked about that earlier in the show.
 Is that New Zealand innovated the glory hole that doctors use.
 - No, no, no, no, no.
 - No, this is...
 - Those pervert doctors.
 [LAUGHTER]
 - This is specifically for doctors and for people who are too embarrassed to have their testicles checked.
 So what you do is you go in a booth.
 It's kind of like going to Confession and Cheritry.
 [LAUGHTER]
 - Right?
 - Actually, it's very similar to my childhood.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So what you do is you go in and you pull your trousers down
 and a little door opens with the hole and a hand comes through
 and it just plays with your testicles and then...
 - And goes, "Ten Hail Berries!"
 [LAUGHTER]
 - And then just gives you a thumbs up and gets out of there.
 Yeah.
 - Is that the thing where you look to your left and cough?
 - I don't know.
 I'm pretty sure he was a doctor.
 [LAUGHTER]
 - Isn't that a thing where it was in the ward?
 Like, you...
 - That is the thing where they get you to cough.
 It feels like they're weighing...
 - I don't know.
 - One of them jumps up a bit.
 - This really sounds made up.
 - Does it?
 - Yeah, one of them, like, "Guys, go home tonight
 "and give a little cup and look to the left and cough."
 And I think one of them jumps up and I think that is...
 - Oh, yeah!
 [LAUGHTER]
 - Wash your hands.
 [LAUGHTER]
 - I don't think any of you has been seeing a real doctor.
 [LAUGHTER]
 - Wow.
 - That's very funny.
 This rough periwinkle, by the way, since we're on "Sexy Facts,"
 they are famous for basically attempting to mate
 with any shell that they encounter.
 So they'll find a mucus track and they'll follow it,
 hoping that there'll be a female at the end of it.
 But whenever they get to anything,
 whether it's a male, a female, just a shell,
 doesn't matter what it is, they'll try and have sex with it.
 And the females, on the other hand, are really quite passive.
 If they don't really, they don't try and fight him off
 or anything like that, they just let him get on with it.
 - It's the first way to do it.
 [LAUGHTER]
 - She doesn't seem to encourage the male.
 She just barely even knows.
 Sometimes she'll just carry on walking down the road
 with him on the back, humping away.
 - And yet, they are officially the females,
 the most promiscuous animal on earth, I think, aren't they?
 Because they're so passive and the lads are so randy.
 And it's quite extraordinary.
 They don't have an egg-based system.
 They get inseminated internally
 and then they've got a uterus equivalent,
 which is very unusual in something like a little snail.
 And so the males will mate with them
 and I think this little snail penis comes in through her side.
 But she can have hundreds of embryos in her uterus
 that are at various different stages of maturation
 from loads of different male snails.
 And they did a study of four female versions of these snails
 and they found that over 2.5 months,
 each one had about 70 offspring
 and on average, they'd have 19 fathers between them.
 - Wow. - So you're storing
 19 fathers' worth of offspring
 and when you go into labor, it's fine.
 If you're feeling sorry for them
 because they're giving birth constantly,
 sometimes multiple times a day,
 it doesn't take any effort from them
 because if they pushed, then all the snails would come out,
 like if they're not ready ones.
 So the snails themselves crawl out
 and their little baby snails are known as crawler ways
 because they literally, they're just like,
 "I'm ready to go now, got my shell,
 crawl out and just disappear into the world."
 - Oh, they come out with a shell on.
 - They come out with a shell on. - Oh!
 - That's true. - Oh, my God.
 - The bunch of barnacles crawling out.
 I think I might have been on the same website because I...
 - Oh, I don't think so. - I was looking into conch sex
 and conches are massive sea snails
 and they are in trouble in Florida
 because when the water gets too warm,
 they become sort of sexually lethargic.
 I mean, it happens to the best of us.
 And so there's a team of scientists in Florida
 because the water's getting hotter
 who have to go and pick up the conches from the warm areas
 and take them out into the cooler areas to mate
 and to encourage them to mate and have sex.
 And I don't know how that...
 I got uncomfortable searching at that point,
 but I think that's a lot of sexy talk and a lot of Marvin Gaye music.
 - That's so embarrassing, though.
 They need a human helper, a human fluffer to help them.
 - Hey, just while we're talking about sea slugs,
 one thing that I read about is Spongebob Squarepants,
 the creator, was a marine biologist.
 And I had no idea about that.
 Yeah, he was called Stephen Hillenberg.
 He sadly passed away in 2018.
 But he's the one who came up with the concept for it.
 He was a marine biologist.
 He was working for the Orange County Marine Institute.
 And while he was there, he created a comic book
 to explain into title zones.
 So, like, all the pools that you get,
 where you go and see what's going on in there.
 So he just laid out a bunch of facts in there.
 One of the facts is that one species of sea slug
 can lay one million eggs in one sitting, right?
 And that was in there, and he gave it around,
 and someone saw that and went,
 "This would be a really good cartoon for kids."
 And so Spongebob Squarepants is based on a fact book
 that he did for students at a marine biology place.
 But I don't remember Spongebob giving birth
 to a million offspring in one sitting.
 That was the pilot they said, "It's great.
 "We have a few tweaks, just a couple of tweaks.
 "The barnacle vagina exit is a bit strong.
 "And let's get his pants back on."
 All right, I found a lot of animals that are out there
 that are just called completely the wrong thing.
 You may be aware of the mantis shrimp.
 They've got a very powerful claw strike.
 It's a very explosive, it can kill.
 It just basically punches a prey to death.
 But the mantis shrimp is neither a mantis or shrimp.
 The binterong, commonly known as the bear cat,
 is neither a bear or a cat.
 And the honey badger is neither a badger or a jar of honey.
 (laughing)
 - Wow. - Just be careful out there.
 That's all I'm saying.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Don't put a honey badger on your toast
 'cause it will tear you apart.
 (laughing)
 - There is a, there's a type of frog
 called alabati's niputidia that was described in 2007.
 And it's like a little brown, jobby thing.
 Like, it doesn't really, it's not very impressive.
 And it turns out that it's named after
 the Spanish phrase niputa idea,
 meaning I have no fucking idea.
 (laughing)
 - Brilliant.
 - I think that, like, texomonists get things wrong a lot,
 but also the general public.
 I mean, it's not really their fault,
 but apparently there's a BBC rescue shelter.
 Sorry, I'm English.
 Sorry, a British rescue shelter.
 - We are, we're all the BBC.
 We all work for the BBC, everyone in the UK.
 - Sorry, sorry.
 - Well, it's like the Conservatives' nightmare.
 You just go, say, "Britain has become the BBC."
 (laughing)
 - There was a rescue shelter in Guernsey.
 And the BBC reported that this shelter
 has been taken a dead cat,
 which turned out to not be a dead cat,
 but actually a cuddly dog puppet.
 - What?
 - Oh, it was just a sock puppet.
 They also got alerted about a sick seal on a beach
 which turned out to be a duvet.
 (laughing)
 And an injured bird on the beach,
 which was basically just a blonde wig.
 - I just, how far are the rescue shelters getting?
 Is it like the seal's been in there for six days?
 They've gone, "It's not easy, anything."
 (laughing)
 (upbeat music)
 - It is time for our final fact of the show,
 and that is James.
 - Okay, my fact this week is that during World War I,
 a popular conspiracy theory was that German blackmailers
 had drawn up a list of 47,000 highly placed English perverts.
 (laughing)
 - A list of 47,000 highly placed English perverts?
 - Yep.
 - It's like the original Ipsing list.
 (laughing)
 - Yeah, it's now known as the BBC.
 (laughing)
 So this is an article in the London review of books
 that I read about a book called "MI5 and the Great War"
 by Nigel West.
 And it's basically about the enormous amount
 of anti-German mania that was going on in Britain,
 especially in America as well in the First World War.
 And there was just these conspiracy theories everywhere
 that Germany was infiltrating Britain,
 it was infiltrating America.
 Every German person that you saw in the street
 might be a spy.
 And there was a guy called Noel Pemberton Billing,
 who was an MP, and he produced a list
 of these so-called highly placed British perverts
 that he said were being blackmailed
 by the German secret service.
 And that they would basically,
 if they'd infiltrated the upper echelons
 of British society.
 And once the war started, that was gonna be,
 we were gonna get taken over.
 - And it's quite hard to work out
 how they thought they planned this to happen.
 So the idea is that the reason that there are these
 47,000 highly placed perverts that they've identified
 is that the Germans can come over, chat to the perverts,
 say, "Hello, can you seduce all these other people?"
 And gradually will remove the manhood of Britain, I think.
 And this guy, what was he called?
 Pemberton?
 - Noel Pemberton Billing.
 He said that the Germans are propagating evils
 which all decent men thought had perished
 in Sodom and Lesbian.
 And there was a lot of homophobia there.
 So there was lots of, you know,
 they would find loads of gay people.
 They'll seduce loads of other people into being gay.
 And the whole of Britain will lose the war because of that.
 It's so hard to work out what we thought the plan was.
 - No, I think that's the thing.
 The thing about conspiracy theories is,
 they do tend to fall down quite early now.
 I think the thing for me is, like,
 how do you define what a pervert is?
 Like, but also, how do you define
 what a German thinks a pervert is?
 - Yes. - Oh, that's true.
 - On my moderate online research,
 the Germans enjoy a wide spectrum of night-time activities.
 Like, how do you know what they think is perverse?
 - Well, I mean, of course,
 the British royal family is German in heritage,
 and I wouldn't say any of those guys are perverts.
 (laughter)
 I don't think any of us would.
 - But basically, I think, I mean,
 there was a lot of homophobia there for certain,
 but they were quite nebulous in their definitions.
 And for instance, when Pemberton Billing was sued for libel,
 he immediately added the name of the judge
 to his list of perverts.
 - Yeah, it's...
 - He just kind of added anyone that he didn't like in there.
 - Yeah. - Yeah.
 - There were a few stars of his claims weren't there.
 So there was one star who was called Maude Allen,
 who was a real focus of his, and she was an actress,
 and she'd been in a performance of Oscar Wilde's Salome,
 which had to be a private performance
 because it was still banned at that time.
 And he wrote lots of articles,
 or he had lots of articles that were propagated
 about how she was spreading the cult of the clitoris.
 And there were all these suggestions
 that Maude Allen was a lesbian
 and somehow this conflated with having German sympathies.
 And there were lots of rumors also
 that she was having an affair with Margot Asquith,
 who was the wife of Herbert Asquith,
 who'd been the prime minister.
 But anyway... - I think that might have been true
 as well, actually. - Were they true?
 I just wonder. - Well, it's not...
 We don't know for sure, but for sure,
 Margot Asquith paid for her apartment for 20 years
 after they first met.
 - Well, I take back everything I've said,
 I think that's true entirely.
 But she sued Maude Allen for defamation, basically,
 because this MP was accusing her of all these things.
 And one of the people who appeared in court
 in Pemberton Billings' defense,
 so against Maude Allen saying, "Yes, she's a homosexual,
 "she's in need with the Germans,
 "she's having an affair with the ex-PM's wife,"
 was Alfred Douglas, otherwise known as Bozy.
 - Oh, Bozy. - Bozy,
 like Oscar Wilde's old boyfriend.
 - Yeah, wow. - He turned tail, turn-coated.
 - Yeah, that was weird. - He went that way a bit, Bozy.
 - He did, right at the end, yeah.
 This whole thing was part of the weird paranoia.
 Well, it wasn't weird.
 There was war looming in the distance.
 People were thinking the Germans were coming in,
 they were sussing it out, they were laying spies in there.
 So there's this big push to try and out the spies.
 And one guy, Richard Haldane, set up a committee,
 the Secret Service Bureau,
 which was a forerunner to MI5 and MI6.
 In fact, the people who ran it were
 Commander Mansfield Cumming and Captain Vernon Kell.
 Both of them did go on to be the front people,
 the heads of MI5 and MI6.
 What's amazing is that was basically set up,
 MI5 and MI6, because the two of them didn't get on
 and they couldn't work together
 in the original Secret Service, yeah.
 So he was like, you guys are terrible at working together,
 but you're great, you do six and you do five,
 and that's why we have MI5 and MI6.
 - Is that right? - It's an argument, yeah.
 But also, you look at it, and there's a lot of Germans
 that were just a bit incompetent who came over anyway.
 You didn't need to be vigilant, they were outing themselves.
 There's a guy called Paul Buchwald,
 who adopted the alias Sherlock Holmes when he arrived.
 (audience laughing)
 - Good and dark, Sherlock Holmes, that's like...
 - That's like me going to America undercover
 as Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson.
 (audience laughing)
 - Yeah, I love the paranoia the German paranoia so much,
 because I read that if you encountered a German waiter
 at a cafe, you were entitled to say no to their service,
 and if they said that they were Swiss,
 you had to be very careful and asked to see their passport.
 But the head of the Met's Criminal Investigation Department,
 Basil Thompson, recorded that it was positively dangerous
 to be seen in conversation with the pigeon.
 - Yes! (audience laughing)
 - And a foreigner walking in one of the parks
 was actually arrested and sentenced to imprisonment
 because a pigeon was seen to fly from the place
 where he was standing, and it was supposed
 that he had liberated it.
 - Wow. - Yeah.
 - Wow. - I thought it was a woman's wig.
 (audience laughing)
 - Brian Pemberton.
 Cumberbatch, what's his name?
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah, Pemberton Pemberton.
 - Joel Pemberton-Billy.
 - No, yes, yes, him.
 (audience laughing)
 Apparently he had a monocle,
 and the only thing that I could find out about him
 is he had like a piece of flesh inserted into his cheek
 to keep the monocle in place.
 - Oh! - Oh!
 - But also just one cheek, like get both done,
 otherwise you're all gonna be askew.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah. - Wow!
 - I quite like that idea though,
 because I have a very small nose,
 and whenever I wear sunglasses, it just keeps falling down,
 and I'd love a little ledge on there.
 (audience laughing)
 - Whereas I've got a huge ledge on my nose,
 I never need glasses if we could do some sort of a swap,
 like an organ donation.
 - Let's chat after the show.
 - Great.
 - I'm happy to donate some flesh
 to anybody who wants to donate,
 but leave us bones, they're for the kids.
 (audience laughing)
 - In America, there was a worry that the Germans
 were coming over poisoning all the livestock,
 and this was really, everyone thought this was the case,
 basically, that all their beef and their animals
 were getting sick, and it must have been
 because the Germans were sending over bacteria and stuff.
 It turned out that the reason was,
 there was a war happening in Europe,
 America was shipping out loads and loads of animals over,
 and they were doing lots of intensive farming,
 and obviously when you do intensive farming,
 and you move animals around, they make each other sick,
 that's what was happening.
 But it turned out that the Germans
 were trying to make them sick,
 but they were just failing all the time.
 (audience laughing)
 - And there was a group of Germans
 who were in a laboratory in Chevy Chase in Maryland,
 and they were cultivating lots of bacteria
 that they were gonna put onto these animals,
 but they just never managed to get it to work,
 but it didn't matter 'cause the animals would get sick anyway.
 - How did Chevy Chase feel about it, Ernest?
 (audience laughing)
 It's a weird subplot to your story there.
 (audience laughing)
 - Chevy Chase is a place, as we've said before,
 where the battle of Chevy Chase was.
 - That's right, yes.
 - And then there was a ballad of the battle of Chevy Chase,
 and then Chevy Chase, the actor,
 was named after the ballad of the battle
 of the place of Chevy Chase.
 - There you go.
 Don't you wish you'd never asked Ernest?
 (audience laughing)
 - We're gonna have to wrap up very soon, guys.
 Anything before we do?
 - The paranoia went the other way as well,
 so in Germany, they were very paranoid
 that there might be British spies or American spies there,
 and at one stage, there was a lady's maid who was on a train,
 and she was strip searched in Germany,
 and they found secret writing on her bottom,
 and they photographed her bum,
 and they sent it to German military intelligence
 and put her in prison,
 and it turned out that what she'd done
 is 'cause she was worried
 that the train toilet would be dirty,
 she'd covered the seat with her newspaper,
 (audience laughing)
 and it was backwards writing from the Frankfurter Z-Tung
 newspaper. - Right.
 It sounds like classic pervert behavior today.
 (audience laughing)
 I think there's some writing on your bum.
 I better take a photo.
 (audience laughing)
 We've all tried that, but...
 - But presumably the newspaper headlines
 would have read things like, you know,
 Germans about to invade, and so...
 - You know, Lenin's knocking on the door.
 Have you got the talk in?
 (audience laughing)
 Not your turn!
 (audience laughing)
 (upbeat music)
 - That is it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much to Josh.
 Thank you so much, Christchurch.
 It's absolutely, that's the end of our tour.
 We'll be back again next week with another episode.
 We'll see you then.
 Good-bye!
 (audience cheering)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
