 Hi everyone, before we start this week's show, we want to remind you that we're going
 on tour.
 We are.
 We are, in fact, currently on tour.
 Actually, yeah.
 We're playing the Hammersmith tonight, I think.
 As this goes out, we're backstage at the Hammersmith Apollo.
 We are indeed.
 And you're probably too late to catch that show, but you can definitely catch one of the
 others we're doing.
 So where are we going?
 We are going up to Newcastle, going to Sulford, back down to Norwich Birmingham, a number
 of other places.
 Edinburgh, Sheffield, Dublin, Brighton and Oxford.
 There are the other places in an unbelievable order in which we go from one part of the country
 to the other part with really no thought put into it whatsoever.
 Yep, that is why we have called our tour in no particular order.
 It's mainly about our travel arrangements, but it's a super fun show.
 So we have a first half that we've written where we each do a little bit full of interesting
 facts.
 And then the second half we record a podcast.
 We always have such a good time and we'd love to see you there.
 And if you are from Europe, if you're from Gothenburg, Stockholm, Oslo, Amsterdam, Groningen,
 either Copenhagen or Antwerp, or indeed one of a couple of very large cities in Northern
 Europe that we haven't announced yet, then you can also get tickets and you can get those
 by going to qi.com/fishevents.
 That is right.
 qi.com/fishevents.
 Get tickets for any of those shows.
 Please do come along.
 We'd love to see you there.
 OK, I'm with the podcast.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of no such thing as a fish, a weekly podcast this
 week coming to you live from Aberdeen.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I am sitting here with Anna Chazinski, Andrew Hunter Murray and James Harkin.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts from
 the last seven days and in no particular order, here we go, starting with you, Andy.
 My fact is that 15 years after it was invented, the US government banned sliced bread.
 Why did they ban it?
 It was too good, no, it was, it was 1943, it was a very bad time actually, it was a famously
 bad time, it was a time of war and it's not an audio book.
 So it was done with machines as it still is, sliced bread and it was, the machines were
 very expensive.
 So if you didn't pretty slice it, it was a way to keep the prices of bread down because
 the US never had bread rationing but lots of nations did.
 But the price had been going up everywhere, hadn't it, because of the war.
 Exactly, yeah.
 And then you'd use like the metal for aeroplanes and staff, then you'd use all the materials.
 Exactly, yeah.
 Right.
 The bread for missiles.
 Yeah.
 You know when you put it in your mouth and you look it and it's like a little torpedo, yeah,
 like that.
 Well.
 They know.
 They know.
 Okay, we'll bread torpedoes aside.
 It was a serious, like you could be fined a thousand dollars if you used sliced bread or
 if you sold it.
 So a baker could be fined.
 Yeah, not if you were a sandwich.
 No.
 But couldn't you just slice it on your own?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 You were still allowed to slice it on your own.
 You didn't have to shove the whole loaf of your face.
 Which time would it be for the walk?
 You know, it also happened in Britain actually in wartime.
 So I was looking at this.
 And it's not very well reported, but if you go into the old British newspaper archive and
 you type in sliced bread, the main things that come up are people being arrested throughout
 the UK for slicing bread, not at home, but in shops and stuff.
 So it was from 1941 and I actually found an article from 1949 where it was still illegal.
 I think it was Liverpool for someone who was arrested for slicing bread still.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 People were really annoyed though.
 I mean, the band didn't last long.
 No.
 It lasted in America only.
 What? A year or maybe less than a year?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 When the law first came in and the newspapers, which were all written by men, they were complaining
 that housewives would not know how to cut bread.
 And so they were giving the best kind of ideas of how to cut bread that they could do, which
 was keep your head down, keep your eye on the loaf, and don't bear down, which is basically
 how to play golf.
 Oh.
 And then about two or three months later, when the band stopped, the headline in the New
 York Times was, "Slice bread put back on sale, housewives thumbs safe again."
 The way that slice bread was packaged back then was that they shove hat pins through the
 slices in order to keep them together.
 And that was actually how housewives did that before he invented the machine as well.
 He'd chuck a hat pin in in slice bread and it doesn't fall apart.
 Yeah, it came with instructions, like an IKEA cabinet.
 Like you were given instructions for how to unwrap it to take the pins out, remove your
 bread, stick the pin back in, because the idea was no one wanted slice bread, because psychologically
 they were told that a loaf of slice bread would go stale much quicker.
 So he had to get around that.
 And also scientifically, it goes stale much quicker.
 But...
 That's mostly a psychological thing.
 No, it was...
 If slices fall apart from each other, then you've got that exposed surface area that's
 going to be more vulnerable to stale-ness.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 And we love facts on this podcast, so.
 Some more bread laws from history, so until the 24th of September 2008, it was illegal in
 the UK to sell a loaf of bread, which wasn't 400 grams or 800 grams in weight.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 And then the Europeans changed the law and then we could have any kind of slice bread.
 We can have...
 We can have 500 grams or 600 grams or whatever we want.
 Oh, I can't wait 'til those days are over.
 (audience laughing)
 - The paralysis of choice in the bakery aisle.
 - Well, when this happened, Jonathan Robertson,
 who owns Robertson's bread,
 he said that, "Now we can sell 600 gram bread,
 "which we think will be fantastically popular."
 Okay, and I went on to a card, though,
 and looked at the most popular breads that they sell.
 And they are 800 grams, 800 grams, 800 grams, 800 grams,
 400 grams, 800 grams, 400 grams, 400 grams, 400 grams,
 400 grams, 500 grams, 500 grams.
 But that's gluten-free, so it doesn't really count.
 (audience laughing)
 800, 400, it just goes all in on.
 And a 600 gram loaf is the 42nd most popular breads
 that they sell. - Wow.
 I found another bread law, French bread law.
 So until 2015, bakers in Paris were not all allowed
 to go on their summer holidays at the same time.
 So half of them had to stay open in July,
 and half of them had to stay open in August,
 'cause lots of people go on their holidays,
 it's really big in France and especially Paris.
 And if you broke the rules, you were fine.
 Every single day, you went on holiday
 when you weren't allowed to as a baker.
 - Wow. - Wow.
 - That's what the name's not lasted until.
 - Oh, yeah. - It's actually cool.
 - Do you know why mechanized bread making
 came into fashion?
 So slice bread was all about getting machines
 involved in the bread process.
 And now, I guess the artisan hipsters of the world
 think that you want handmade bread
 and the slice stuff is rubbish.
 But the turn of the 20th century,
 it was terrible to be handmade,
 because being a baker was so sweaty.
 So this is one of the main arguments was that,
 if you were a baker who sweated so much,
 there was this woman called Eliza Action,
 who was arguing for mechanizing and adding machines
 of the bread making process in the 1840s.
 And she was saying that the problem is that,
 due to the muscular effort that the baker's body
 has to make, it's overflowing with perspiration,
 which falls in large drops and is amalgamated
 with the dough he is kneading and becomes a part of the life.
 - They cut that out of a great British bake-off domain.
 (audience laughing)
 But yeah, the first machine made bread
 as its main advertising slogans would say,
 untouched by human hands.
 The idea was that no human should get in there,
 it was just machines.
 - France has an online baguette booking service.
 So you can buy--
 - I suppose if anyone was going to have it
 France would, exactly.
 - So it was started by a burgundy man who was annoyed,
 'cause the shop... - That wasn't the color of him, was it?
 (audience laughing)
 - He was so angry. - He was angry.
 - Yeah.
 He was annoyed, 'cause the shop kept not having any fresh bread
 when he got there, 'cause he got up very late.
 And he said, "I have two passions in life,
 "getting up late and fresh bread."
 (audience laughing)
 He read this poll, which said,
 the result of the poll was that 92% of French people
 said they were terrified by the thought of not having
 fresh bread with a meal.
 So he set up a thing where you can just go online
 and reserve a baguette in your local Boulangerie.
 - Wow. - And then you're gonna pick it up.
 - That's terrifying, hey.
 (audience laughing)
 - And I wanted it in farewell in the war, I mean.
 (audience laughing)
 - So in Turkey and Egypt, if you made bread which was too light,
 so it wasn't like 400 grams or whatever it had to be,
 you could be punished by having your ear nailed
 to the doorpost of your shop.
 - Oh. - You'd have to try really hard to style that out,
 wouldn't you, pretend to be leaning against the doorpost
 of your shop all day.
 (audience laughing)
 - Good morning.
 Good morning, Mr. Jones.
 Just having a lean.
 (audience laughing)
 - Just one more tiny thing, like another wartime ban
 for the same reason, sausages were banned in Germany,
 which was a horrible moment, but this was in the First World War,
 and this was to make airships.
 So Zeppelin's.
 - Very tiny, tiny airships.
 (audience laughing)
 - They were little ants in them, and they sent them to invade.
 No, it was the best kind of material.
 So the sort of sheep's intestine that is needed to wrap sausages
 is the best kind of airtight material to make airships out of,
 and the Zeppelin was gonna be the great war weapon of the future,
 and sausages were banned because all of that cow intestine,
 sheep intestine had to go towards making airships,
 and they actually used to put that kind as agents used to be sent
 to butchers across the land to guard them
 and make sure that all of their sausages were being sent to the M.O.D.
 - Yeah.
 - Really?
 - Yeah.
 - But they weren't going in and sneakily buying sausages,
 and then hustling them back to add to the giant sausage,
 giant war sausage that they were expecting.
 - No, what they were doing.
 They were sending all giant war sausage.
 They were firing at the enemy.
 (audience laughing)
 - I don't know.
 - We smashed the giant war sausage.
 (audience laughing)
 - Okay, it is time for fact number two, and that is James.
 - Okay, my fact this week is that a common problem for ice hockey players
 is that they have such mussely bums
 that they can't find jeans that fit.
 (audience laughing)
 - Why do they have such mussely bums?
 - Well, 'cause they're athletes, then.
 - But why do they specifically ice hockey players?
 Is it that, I guess they're just doing a lot of moving side to side?
 - I don't know.
 - I'm not an ice hockey person myself, but I--
 - You have to squat.
 - You have to squat, guys.
 - How you have to--
 - Yeah, that's just good advice in life.
 You have to squat.
 - Always squat.
 - Don't stand up straight.
 - So they do lots of turns and stuff, and so it's the glutes
 and it's the quadriceps that get much bigger than the rest of their body.
 And this was an article in ESPN, and there was a guy from the Edmonton Oilers,
 the captain's called Conor McDavid, and he said,
 "Can it be hard for me to find pants?"
 Yes, always.
 The waist, you need to get around your thighs and butt,
 but that doesn't always match how tall you are.
 I definitely have a hard time finding jeans of fit.
 And they went through a whole load of hockey players and asked them all,
 and they all have exactly the same problem.
 They can't get jeans of fit them.
 But they have, they have like personal tailors.
 There's a guy who looks after over 250 hockey players,
 goes round, measuring their butts, and then...
 - Sure, he does, yeah.
 - And they never have from him again.
 (laughter)
 - There's also a company, isn't they, called Lululemon,
 or Lululemon, if you're from the continent.
 And they mark it a line of trousers that are for hockey players.
 There's, for what's called the hockey butt,
 and they specifically design their pants for hockey players so they can play in them.
 - Yeah, another company called Gong Show.
 They do the same thing, just, you know, in case people think
 there won't be an advertised by Lulule,
 whatever they call it. - Lululemon, Lululemon.
 And Gong shows, they have like stretchy jeans,
 spandex in the jeans, and their biggest pair of jeans
 is called the quadrisaurus.
 - Nice. - Nice.
 - Very good. You know, you can get stronger muscles,
 just by thinking about doing exercise, even if you do not tense your muscles.
 - Wow. - So, you have to just imagine...
 - I'm thinking about squatting right now.
 - Imagine contracting those muscles as vividly as you can, really picture it.
 - And the muscles don't get bigger. They don't grow larger, but they do get stronger.
 So you end up using more of the fibers in individual muscles just by thinking about it.
 So not actually just sitting and tensing where you are, but just imagining tensing.
 - The glutes are very important.
 And I think people will think about the gluteus maximus as being the last muscle
 that's the most important.
 But I've been reading a lot about the gluteus medius,
 which a lot of people say causes a vast majority of injuries
 for sports people, is it's in the gluteus medius, which is the muscle that's in the middle
 between the maximus and the minimus.
 And what that does is quite cool.
 That's what basically stops you from falling over as far as I can tell.
 So when you take a step, I'd never thought about this,
 but when you lift up your leg to step forward, if you were a plastic doll,
 then as soon as that doll's leg lifts up, they just fall over.
 And the only reason you don't fall over is because your gluteus medius is counterbalancing that.
 And so that's super important because otherwise you topple over.
 And there's a special thing that is called a trendle and burg gate.
 And that shows that you've got a weak gluteus medius, and that's the supermodel walk.
 So that's, you know, when you walk and you overcompensate by kind of wiggling your hips a lot.
 Oh, sure do.
 Yeah.
 Well.
 But you don't know what I'm overcompensating for.
 I think everyone here knows.
 When you do that supermodel gate, that's to overcompensate with the fact that your gluteus medius is weak.
 And so you have to lean your weight on the opposite side that's not lifting its leg up.
 Otherwise, you'd fall over.
 That's a very important muscle.
 Do you know, you soon, they've been testing this out.
 But soon we might become, when so muscles, if they get damaged, often get replaced.
 But the problem is you can't put new muscle in because the living cells don't quite react.
 So we might all soon be made up of onions, because onions are being tested and seen to be, it's true.
 In, in, in, this is onion transplants.
 This is what they're talking about.
 So you can take, if you take the skin of an onion or like a little bit of an onion and you get rid of all the water, dehydrated, it acts very much like a muscle.
 It contracts and it moves and so on.
 And they've been putting electrodes into it and seeing how it responds to, basically, being worked out.
 And it works perfectly like a muscle.
 So they're suggesting that what we should be doing in the future is implanting our muscles with onions instead and be more vegetable-based as humans.
 I'm so sorry, your husband's a vegetable.
 Look inside, he's doing weights, finishing everything in the air.
 Did you know that we, most of us, have a claw retractor muscle?
 Oh, a claw retractor.
 A claw retractor?
 Like a wolfery, might have.
 Yes, exactly. Does he retract his claws?
 Yes, he's a wolf. Great.
 Erm, it's more of a hard-and-metallos colour set implanted by the military.
 OK.
 You've got the reference too much.
 Erm, look, so the claw retractor muscle, officially called the Palmaras Longus, is something that about 85% of people still have.
 And you can tell whether or not you have it, and it's the muscle that now cats, for instance, use to retract their claws when they're pulling their claws and when they're not using them.
 It's very important for primates when they're climbing trees, but we don't really use it anymore.
 And 15% of people are missing it.
 And the way you can tell is you can clench your fist or you touch your thumb against your fourth or fifth finger and sort of pull your hand inward towards your elbow.
 And if you can see the bits sticking up there in this tendon, in the wrist, in the inner wrist, that means you've got it.
 You've got 15% of people don't have it.
 But other 15% of people don't have it more evolved, because you don't need it.
 Exactly. So if you don't have it, well done.
 I can't believe you're still using your Palmaras Longus.
 Yeah, you've got a huge one. I'm afraid you're very backward. You've got seven.
 But I didn't know this. And some people have double ones. Like, I've got a double one.
 Some people have just one long line, one long tendon, and I didn't realise some people don't have that.
 There is a muscle which we've got, which is around your ear, and it's another leftover muscle.
 But if you can wiggle your ears, some people can do that. And if you're just shaking your head, you're not going to do it.
 I can't cry, I'll be shaking my head because I can't do it.
 That's true. I mean, I'm more or less involved. Don't tell me it's less involved again.
 I think it means you're more evolved, actually, yeah. So if you can wiggle your ears, you have a limited amount of control over these muscles.
 But they're left over from a time, and this is many hundreds of thousands of years ago,
 when we could prick up our ears to locate the origin of a sound.
 Wow. So the muscles are still there, and they still respond to sound today,
 but they're not strong enough to move your ear into position, but they are there still.
 Poor things, so they're just sitting there saying, I can hear a noise, but they can't have any impact on your body.
 Yeah. That's tragic.
 I have a few facts on Bums. Yeah, oh, great. Sorry, two enthusiastic.
 Someone's ears pricked up.
 A Cillenadon is a little shrew. It's found in Cuba and in Hispaniola and around there.
 I demand the Queen Republic and stuff like that.
 Females give birth to three offspring, but only two survive because she only has two nipples,
 and both nipples are on her bum.
 No way.
 So in the Cillenadon world, if anyone asks, are you a bumman or a boobman, the answer is yes.
 Okay, it's time for fact number three, and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that when it was playing on Broadway, Bill Murray went to see the musical
 Groundhog Day. Then the next day, he went again.
 And then the next day, no, he didn't do it. But yeah, Bill Murray was seen.
 So I really, really threw a lot of people because the paparazzi were like, Bill Murray is coming tonight.
 The cast and crew knew who he was coming, and then there he was again, the next night.
 He went on the first night with the original writer of the show, which is called Danny Rubin,
 and he went with a friend of his, sorry, a relative, his brother.
 And then when he saw it, it was done in such a way.
 So the music and the lyrics are by Tim mentioned, who's a very deep thinker.
 And he basically saw what he wanted the movie to be, something that was steeped in philosophy,
 very different to the movie, which turned out to be an all-out comedy.
 And he fell in love with it, and he loved it so much. He said, I've got to come back.
 So he went the second night on his own because he just wanted to experience it properly again.
 Really? Yeah, he did go there.
 He did go there. But he was erratic as hell. He was climbing over audience members.
 He was tipping people, thousands of dollars. He does do that, doesn't he?
 Yeah, he liked to get to the bar. He climbed back over a bunch of seats rather than go the normal way.
 But he did, I think, he cried at the end of the first performance because he was very moved by it.
 Or because he knew he was going to have to go back the next day.
 I've got to see this joke through.
 I've been looking up Broadway shows, which closed quickly.
 And there are some incredible ones that have opened.
 And so there was the most famous...
 We should say, the grandel day closed quite fast on Broadway, despite Bermurri liking it, no one else did.
 And despite having a plot about something that runs forever and ever and ever.
 The irony.
 Yeah. So there was one in 1983, which was called Moose Murders,
 and it was meant to be a kind of fast and a funny show.
 And it lasted one night into its proper run.
 Although we are on the first night of our tour, so we can't criticize.
 But the right one is a guy called Arthur Bicknell.
 And the reviews included things like, "If your name is Arthur Bicknell, or anything like it, change it."
 And after one performance, the writer Arthur Bicknell, he saw a woman on the street,
 shout to a New York cop. Officer, arrest that show!
 You know, another big Broadway disaster was they converted...
 They turned the novel, and I think movie, "Carrie," the Stephen King book, into a musical.
 And it closed after five shows. It was said to be the most expensive flop in all of Broadway history.
 It was open in 1988, and the New York Times compared it to the Hindenburg disaster.
 Yeah, favorably, or...
 It was just like a massive sausage burning up in this guy.
 Have you heard of what the sequel, kind of, the sequel to Oliver?
 So after Lionel Bart, wrote Oliver, exclamation mark, you know,
 the "extreme thing." It was the next one, Oliver, question mark.
 It was twang with two exclamation marks, and it was a burless Robin Hood show.
 And he lost all his money on it.
 Oh, no, he lost all the money he'd gained and earned through Oliver, because it was such a flop.
 It's because Oliver, it's funny Lionel Bart, isn't it, because Oliver's my favourite musical,
 my favourite thing maybe. It's so good, but it does have an exclamation mark at the end of it, Oliver.
 And you think, "Oh, gosh, that's a bit tacky, wonder why you did that?"
 And I think he thought maybe the success was due to the exclamation mark, I'll try to next time.
 Oh, yeah.
 My problem with Oliver was no twist.
 It's like you didn't know what you were coming to.
 I wrote a really good ask, cool. I was just looking into a Broadway and Broadway shows and what it's like.
 But in Broadway, they have this way of practice, and they're can sort of applaud more readily, maybe,
 than it's habitual here, especially tonight.
 And it's too late now.
 I'll also go and complain about this, because they will applaud when a celebrity comes on stage,
 and a lot of shows now have a famous person in them. So he said, for instance,
 Paul Rodd was in, Paul Rodd, who was in France, who's a famous actor, was in a show recently,
 and his opening scene was, he had to shoot two characters dead.
 But they have to pause for the audience to pause, so he walked on stage, shot a character,
 and had to leave a massive pause while the audience all applauded before he could shoot his other character
 in this guy, Max XC.
 Was the other guy running around looking for a way out of the room?
 Morning, his dead friend.
 Stage manager in the wings, pushing him back on.
 And directors have actually started to try and circumvent this.
 And so they started having lead actors, for instance, speaking offstage, starting their lines off stage,
 so that you're sort of in the scene before the audience applaud, so they feel worse about applauding.
 Or sometimes they come on with a mask on, more often now, the relief celebrities.
 In 2011, Ben Stiller was in a show called In the House of Blue Leaves,
 and he was positioned to start with his back to the audience, so they wouldn't know,
 so people couldn't gratuitously applaud when they saw him.
 But people recognized his silhouette from his back, and started screaming and applauding,
 and awarding him a standing ovation, according to Mark Lawson, before he even turned around.
 So yeah, different practice.
 Can I pick you up on something you just said before?
 Did you say Paul Rodd from France?
 Paul Rodd, you know, massive blockbusters, like Ant-Man, famous for a clueless.
 And what was he in friends?
 I think friends is a big thing, isn't it?
 Paul Rodd.
 He was in more of friends than those other things he'd mentioned.
 That's him, okay.
 He was Phoebe's husband.
 We don't need to get into it now.
 In 2018, the first British performance of the show Titanic, The Musical,
 was stopped after the ship hit the iceberg,
 and Pluster started falling onto the stage.
 It was genuinely stopped due to a health and safety.
 You know, before the Wizard of Oz movie,
 Balm wrote The Musical of The Wizard of Oz for Broadway.
 So there were 60 songs to it, and it was very different to what we now know.
 Yes, 60 songs in this musical.
 And it's too far too bad, isn't it?
 The Wicked Witch of the West was not in it.
 Missing all together, it took her out.
 Well, the character wasn't in it.
 Yeah, the character was taken away.
 There was a different villain.
 The cowardly lion was a very small role in it,
 and Toto was replaced with a cow called Imogen.
 Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show, and that is Chazinski.
 My fact this week is that there is only one confirmed male,
 yanksy, giant, soft shell turtle left in the world,
 and his penis is broken.
 [laughter]
 This is actually a bit of a disaster.
 This guy is in China.
 There are four of these yanksy, soft shell turtles in the world.
 Two of them are in a zoo in China.
 Two of them are in separate lakes in Vietnam.
 I think they're in drops with each other.
 They won't speak.
 So we don't know what sex they are.
 But in China, one's female, one's male,
 and they're obviously endangered, because they're only four of them.
 And they've been trying to make them for ages,
 but they can't, because his penis is damaged.
 And it got damaged a while ago.
 So he's quite old.
 They lived a very long time, and almost 30 years ago,
 he was introduced to a female turtle to mate with her,
 so they could make the species continue.
 And it turned out, once he was introduced to her,
 that her was him, and it was just another turtle.
 And they fought a lot, because they were rivals.
 And one of them died, the one that wasn't one we're talking about,
 and the other one ended up with a ruined penis.
 And they've tried artificial insemination, and it has not worked.
 Very sad.
 That is disastrous.
 I know.
 It's a problem for the Axie's soft-shelled turtles.
 Yeah, and he's very old, isn't he?
 He's like a hundred years old.
 Yeah, I think he is.
 They certainly do grow to be 100, maybe 120 max.
 Yeah, so what are they doing?
 Are they going to...
 Well, so they've tried artificial insemination three times, I think,
 so they've got this female in the zoo with him.
 And it's very complex, artificially inseminating them,
 because the genitalia are quite difficult for both of these turtles.
 So the males, according to the New York Times,
 look a bit like a medieval weapon with fleshy spikes and lobes
 poking out of it.
 And it's designed to perfectly navigate, like...
 Like theses in the minotaur.
 Theses is the penis, and the labyrinth is the vagina.
 Sorry, what's the minotaur?
 The minotaur, I think, is the egg?
 Who's the princess?
 Is it the thesis?
 The end.
 This is broken down remarkably first.
 After!
 It's the zookeeper.
 My netherworld's run out.
 But the genitals are very difficult.
 So artificial insemination has been really hard and unsuccessful.
 Yeah, scientific American said of the turtle penis that
 it has this weird configuration of sinuses and associated folds.
 It says, "Some of the configurations look terrifying."
 Others look really terrifying.
 They're so cool soft-shell turtles.
 Oh, yeah.
 They're not like a turtle that's been run over, don't they?
 Yeah, they've got this sort of pancake on their back.
 And it's leathery skin.
 It's not a hard shell, so hence the name.
 And they can breathe partially through the soft shell.
 And they hibernate in pools of water and they're kind of half buried.
 And we didn't know how they lived long enough to...
 We didn't know how they got enough oxygen under the water.
 And it turns out that how they do it,
 they do press-ups under the water.
 What?
 Yeah, so they're partially buried.
 But they do press-ups with their back end.
 They raise and lower their back end thousands of times in a row.
 And we think it's because it moves the water round.
 So it replaces the water next to them,
 which they've already breathed in and out of through
 with oxygenated water.
 Wow. So they can get a bit more oxygen in.
 That's incredible.
 They're just lying at the bottom of rivers doing press-ups all the time.
 That's so cool.
 You were asking Dan about what they're going to do in the future.
 The truth is the two turtles that live in the lakes,
 they're not really sure if they're male or female.
 In fact, one of them, they only got it from DNA collected from water samples.
 So they kind of...
 They took the DNA out of it and realized that there must be a turtle living in there,
 but they just don't know anything about it at all.
 And actually, it's really hard to tell whether a soft shell turtle is male or female
 because for the males, the penis is hidden inside the shell.
 The best way to find them is to give them a vibrator.
 This is genuinely the best way to sex a turtle, sorry.
 If you were to get a vibrator on a tortoise
 and you kind of go into circles around its belly
 and then you move it down towards the tail,
 100% of the time he will either send out his penis
 or he'll be a female and not send out the penis.
 Send it out. It's not an ambassador.
 You have a mission for you.
 Be back within the month.
 Explore the source of this erotic massage.
 This is a relatively new invention, isn't it?
 I think a guy called Donald McKnight,
 who's a PhD candidate in Australia,
 invented a vibrator for these giants of cells.
 A lot of turtles, specifically for turtles.
 Yeah, turtles, absolutely.
 And he said that the difficult thing about them
 is they demand for play, apparently.
 He said, ultimately, most erections happened
 when the vibrator was on the tail itself,
 but the turtles generally weren't let you start there.
 You first have to spend a few minutes on other parts of the body.
 Yeah. Ask it how its day's been.
 He also said, we weren't doing this
 because we thought it would be fun.
 So it's what they weren't doing?
 No, they weren't. It feels like it was protesting a bit too hard.
 And then he said, like I said,
 it was a successful 100% of the time
 and he added one of them was showing his penis
 in like four seconds.
 There's another really cool thing that turtles
 have, sort of, ability to have.
 So these are snapping turtles, common snapping turtles.
 They live in mud holes in the winter
 and they go back to exactly the same mud hole every year
 and they've measured it and it's to the centimetre.
 To the centimetre, every year, they get back.
 And scientists tested this by giving them a drug
 called scopolamine, which prevents the brain from forming memories
 and they observed that the turtles just wandered around in circles
 not finding their way back, which seems very cruel.
 But then it wore off and they just go straight back to the path
 and then they land right to the centimetre in their thing.
 It's amazing.
 But I found another thing off the back of this.
 Scopolamine is a drug that works on humans as well.
 It's a very powerful, knocks out your memory, basically.
 So there was a campaign in the 1910s by feminists at the time
 for the right to forget childbirth by taking this drug.
 Wow. They said we do not want to remember it.
 And so if you take it, you would basically wake up
 with a baby after 12 hours.
 And that was it when you're offering this drug on the way out
 tonight, by the way.
 A traumatic as childbirth.
 Yeah, people traveled from all over Europe and from America,
 specifically to Germany, because that was where you could get it,
 without a big prescription or a big kerfuffle.
 And there was an association called the Twilight Sleep Association
 who campaigned to get it universally accepted.
 No way.
 People always sort of clean that childbirth.
 There's some sort of formula release that means you forget it anyway,
 because it's so rubbish.
 But I don't know if that's true, because I haven't done it.
 Or what have I?
 On animal penises, did you know that alligator penises are always erect?
 And they are, I think the only animal that has a permanently erect penis.
 Which is quite interesting, I think.
 So there's also the only animal that has a penis that doesn't inflate
 or enlarge when it's aroused.
 So every other animal has its penis inflates or enlarges.
 But the alligator penis sits inside its body.
 It's just this lump of protein, basically.
 It's free-floating and it sits in the sort of cradle,
 which is its cloaca, which if you think of it like a hammock,
 which the penis is in.
 And then when it needs to procreate, then it just fires it out.
 So the hammock tenses up and it fires this out like a projectile.
 Dispatch the love sausage.
 Okay, that is it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you would like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said
 over the course of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland.
 Andy.
 At Andrew Hunter M. James.
 @JamesHarkin and Chazinski.
 You can email podcast@ky.com.
 Yep, or you can go to our group account, which is @nosuchthing.
 Or you can go to our website.
 Nosuchthing is a fish.com where we have all of our previous episodes.
 We have links to the tour that we're currently on.
 We'll see you again next week.
 Goodbye!
 [Applause]
 (audience applauds)
