 Hey, Clubfish members, welcome to this compilation episode of No Such Thing as a Fish.
 This is all the outtakes and bloopers and bits that just didn't fit the main narrative
 of the episodes that go out on the main feed, but stuff that we thought is too good to lose.
 So you can hear the voices of me, Anna, James and Andy, but also you're going to hear Malcolm
 Gladwell, Angela Barnes and Steve Mould, who all make little cameos along the way in
 this episode.
 I just want to quickly remind you as well before we start, a lot of stuff going on with
 the fish at the moment.
 There's the Discord, which if you haven't got to, I highly recommend nosuchthingasafish.com/fishcord.
 It's where a lot of the people who are part of this Clubfish membership are hanging out
 and just chatting literally every day about everything.
 There's general fish chat, to recent episode chat, to fax fax fax, which is a thread where
 everyone's just putting in their own fax.
 There's the No Such Thing as the cutest pet, everyone's uploading photos of their pets.
 There's meetups where people are saying, "Where do you live?
 Do you live in my city?
 People have a group meetup."
 There's book recommendations, movie recommendations, TV, music.
 It's a whole world of interesting chat, and it's all exclusive to the Clubfish members.
 So, if you're paying for this Patreon, if you're hearing this right now, you are eligible
 to join it, so get in there and start chatting away.
 Okay, enough of me waffling on, let's get on with the compilation.
 Here you go, on with the show.
 It was used medicinally a lot, wasn't it, sort of seaweed back in the day.
 There was a story I was reading about Francis Bacon.
 Francis Bacon, there used to be that thing we spoke about before of grinding up mummy
 and skull and bones and all that sort of stuff.
 When that wasn't available, supposedly Francis Bacon started a little trend of crushing up
 moss with skull.
 So it was a moss and skull thing, sorry, rather than seaweed.
 And you would put that in your nostrils, and you would eat it and so on, and that became
 another kind of version of that, yeah.
 There's a Northern Irish version of kerrigan called dulce, and you eat that, you eat it
 in candy and stuff like that.
 But one way they use it now is as a vegetarian substitute for bacon.
 Really?
 Not Francis Bacon.
 Good, because it's a bit salty.
 It's salty, yeah, and in Northern Ireland, you can still get this, I think, it's a candy
 called yellowman and dulce.
 And it's like, you know what's it called, that stuff?
 It's like honeycomb, and then this seaweed on the side of it, and so it's sugary and
 also salty, and it's like, you know, salted caramel became a thing like 20 years ago.
 I mean, there's some hundred years before that.
 That sounds quite good, actually.
 It does.
 Honeycomb with moss.
 It sounds like a nice...
 It's a dulce.
 Honeycomb with moss is also a good name for a detective couple.
 It is.
 I'm Sean Honeycomb, and I'm Janet Moss.
 Oh, see, I would've...
 You're gonna go the other way round.
 Well done.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Well, I like to subvert.
 It only really works if that is a thing, honeycomb and moss, right?
 Otherwise, the pun doesn't really work, because you'd have to explain to your viewers that
 there is a thing called...
 I think episode one is some extensive food history.
 That's how all good detective dramas begin.
 I quite like, just separate to the actual screen time itself, just how much information
 is in our phone now, not within the body of it, as in not within the metadata, but the
 actual physical bacteria that's sitting on top of it.
 If you swab phones now, they're able to tell so many things about us.
 They're able to tell us where you've been, what medicine you might be on, what you just
 ate for your last meal.
 We're basically just implanting a footprint onto the face of our phone each day.
 So if you lost someone's phone, you could probably tell everything about it.
 Who's it was?
 Who's it was?
 Yeah, apparently, our phones at this point, because we're so careless with them in the
 way that we put them down, the bacteria on it is something like 17,000 bits of bacteria
 latch onto it.
 It's dirtier than an average toilet, yet we're holding it to our heads every day.
 I always have slight doubts about that stat, as in...
 Yeah, who's counting?
 It can't be dirtier than the average toilet.
 It can't...
 Poo's on their phone.
 It's not those kind of bacteria, is it?
 You've not got the toilet paper hat, have you?
 There is always panic, obviously, about new technologies, although this does seem markedly
 different because it's so all-consuming, but I always like going back through old records
 to see what people were saying about new stuff.
 So like with the printing press, there was real fear for about 100 years that it would
 cause a massive overload of books and information, huge overabundance.
 People wouldn't be able to handle it.
 Turns out all of that turns out to be true.
 Yeah.
 Well, I was thinking, has this been disproved?
 There was a tract written in 1545 saying that Princes and Kings had to deal with this and
 sort of ban people from having books because of this confusing and harmful abundance of
 information.
 But maybe that's where we went wrong, books.
 Yeah.
 Maybe this is...
 Let's go to the source.
 Yeah.
 Burn the printing presses.
 I found a superhero who derives his powers from seaweed.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 So this was a character, I think it was created by DC, and the idea was they wanted a version
 of Popeye, and they wanted someone who could take on Superman.
 So I think it kind of was a parody, but it sort of also reads as if they introduced it
 as a real thing.
 So Captain Horatio Strong, he was called, and he used to eat seaweed, which was called
 Sancha, and Sancha was basically an alien origin seaweed, which I think he might not
 have known at the time, because he then finds out that it is and he becomes addicted to
 it.
 So it's kind of a bit like a...
 It's a drug addict story, really.
 And he has to go cold turkey on the seaweed, so he quits the seaweed, and he then returns
 to natural level of strength as a normal human would have.
 And the only surviving bit of this alien seaweed, he keeps on his houseboat, and he keeps it
 there as a way to sort of look at it and sort of tempt himself into a strong will of not
 having to have it.
 Sort of there.
 So he gives up his superpowers.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 I would have thought he would...
 Also, firstly, you don't get many superheroes who live on houseboats, I think that's quite
 a nice touch.
 Yeah, that's rare.
 I also think like Popeye, by the way, missing a trick, not eating seaweed, because he's
 a sailor man, right?
 He is a sailor man.
 And where do you not grow spinach in the middle of the sea?
 Such a good point.
 Yeah.
 But you do get seaweeds.
 You do get seaweeds.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Lots of superheroes are kind of addicts in one way or another.
 Like Dr. Jackal and Mr. Hyde, he kind of gets addicted to...
 Is he a superhero?
 Is he a superhero?
 I missed that comic book.
 Is he kids?
 He's a kind of... Sorry, yeah, he's a proto superhero, but he invents the formula to turn
 himself into...
 Yes.
 ...bananaman.
 Who eats a banana when there comes a banana man?
 Absolutely.
 He's addicted to bananas.
 He is.
 Frodo?
 Addicted to the ring.
 Oh my God.
 Superhero.
 Oh my God.
 Do you know, winning the lottery can also cause different kinds of problems.
 So a couple of decades ago, there was the Grand Bay Waffle House, whereby there used to be
 a customer who was called Edward Seward, and he used to come in and he used to just, as
 a tip, leave a lottery ticket every single time.
 That would be his thing.
 Okay.
 So this day, the waitress who was there was called Tonda Dickerson, and the numbers came
 up and she won $10 million.
 And this was an amazing thing.
 So then she got the offer of, "Do you want to have it as the full $10 million or do you
 want to break it up over 30 years so she would get $375,000 every year?"
 She picked that option.
 Good idea.
 All of a sudden, chaos just erupted.
 Someone who worked there said, "Hang on, there's an unspoken rule that should anyone have ever
 won this, it would be split amongst us all."
 Oh, an unspoken rule.
 That's a tricky one.
 Yeah.
 Sorry.
 How much spoken is what they claimed.
 Oh, okay.
 Okay.
 We all just assumed.
 Sorry.
 Absolutely.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 Understanding.
 Yeah.
 And so they took her to court and the court said, "Yeah, it needs to be split," but then
 she had that overturned.
 Then there was the guy who left the ticket himself saying, "I should be getting some of
 the benefit of this."
 Yeah.
 Oh, no.
 You leave a lottery ticket behind.
 I think he said that there was also a spoken rule that he would get some sort of truck
 as a compensation.
 She never got.
 Can't get this in writing.
 This is why we asked Malcolm to sign a release form.
 This is why you get his contracts down in writing.
 You get signatures.
 Yeah.
 And then the ex-husband got involved and actually tried to kidnap her at one point.
 Yeah.
 It was all horrific and then the IRS got involved and they wanted bigger amounts of the tax that
 they had taken off.
 It was hell for her to win it and not even for the benefits of people asking for money.
 It was people literally...
 But she could have just split...
 I mean, it's not that much hell for her because she could have just split it up equally between
 all the people who deserved it as was the unspoken or spoken agreement, couldn't she?
 Yes.
 My sympathy is limited.
 Oh, yeah.
 Just saying.
 It's a cautionary tale.
 Isn't there a...
 That's why you should always win a hundred billions so you can have them all assassinated
 and...
 Did they split tips as a matter of course in a restaurant?
 You usually would, right?
 I guess.
 Do you think that would be a precedent?
 That would...
 I don't know.
 Some restaurants do and some restaurants don't.
 The question is whether that...
 Is it considered an ordinary...
 If it's...
 He left it as a tip.
 Yeah.
 That's a good point.
 That's a good point.
 So, you know, I...
 Way back in time when I worked in restaurants, I was never a waiter, I was always the dishwasher.
 We split...
 There was a policy that all tips were split.
 Yeah.
 It doesn't sound like...
 If there was a clear, I don't know, clear policy in place of splitting tips at this restaurant,
 this whole thing wouldn't have arisen, right?
 She clearly had the expectation, she must have been keeping her tips.
 Yeah.
 I'm with her.
 Yeah.
 Oh, really?
 Yes.
 You think it's...
 In accordance with the restaurant policy, you're keeping your tips.
 You keep a 30 mil.
 I think you keep the...
 I mean, if she was...
 She should have turned around and out of the goodness of her heart, shared it, but they
 have no right to compel her to share it if to practice it in the restaurant was you keep
 your own tips.
 Well, there you go.
 We've got the case for the defense, the case for the prosecution.
 That's where you do the whole thing.
 I'll support whoever's willing to share the 30 million dollars, probably.
 Karris is another similar-ish food.
 It's also from 10th century Baghdad, which is fish tongues suspended in a concealed broth
 made of fish heads, boiled in vinegar.
 Where is the...
 Where do you conceal the broth?
 What?
 Good point.
 Oh my God.
 Congealed.
 Congealed.
 It's false.
 Sorry.
 You'll just have to trust me, the tongues are in there, but you know how to seal it.
 We'll bring the bill.
 You won't be able to see the bill, but sorry.
 One really cool way of taking chloroform was done by Anita Berber, who was a German dancer
 from the 1920s say, and she used to take some chloroform, put it in a bowl, and then stir
 it with a white rose, and then eat the rose petals, and that would be the way that she
 would get high.
 Wow.
 That's really cool.
 That's classy.
 It's quite sexy stuff.
 It's quite a sexy dame if I can use the words from the '90s up from the '20s.
 She did dances called cocaine, called morphium, quite often got naked in them.
 Dancers.
 Dancers.
 Yeah, she was a dancer.
 Cool.
 You wouldn't have thought it would improve your dancing, dosing up on chloroform beforehand.
 Was it a co-dance treat?
 I reckon she did it in...
 Yeah, a green room afterwards, probably.
 Yeah.
 Like cocaine's going to give you one hell of a kick, isn't it?
 Yes.
 Right.
 She was a Budapest and Vienna for both places for removing all of her clothes, and she supposedly
 ended up in prison in Zagreb for six weeks after insulting the King of Yugoslavia.
 Wow.
 That's great.
 That's a great person.
 What are you in for?
 I'm mugging.
 What about you?
 I insulted the King of Yugoslavia.
 Apparently, the King came up to her.
 She didn't know it was the King and said something in Serbian, I think.
 And she said, "I don't understand your barbaric tongue."
 She said, "I'm French."
 What was her name?
 Her name was Berber, though.
 Anita Berber.
 So it was kind of a clever joke, almost.
 Berberic.
 Berberic.
 Oh, that is clever.
 Yeah.
 She probably knew her surname.
 She'll probably offer that as a defence.
 Probably didn't work.
 There was another controversy, weirdly, just as we're talking about the raunchy side of
 chloroform, which is that it was frowned on partly because it caused erotic dreams.
 Did it?
 Yeah.
 So there was a chance that when it was used on women in labour, they would experience
 erotic visions.
 And there was a French woman who confessed, this is actually a related thing.
 This one is about Aether, which apparently had a similar effect.
 One French woman confessed that under the influence of Aether, she had dreamed about
 having sexual intercourse with her own husband.
 Ugh, disgusting.
 I know.
 Because we all thought you were going to say baby, then.
 I think we all thought we were watching you, believed.
 I don't think any of us went to bed.
 No.
 They never just either went there.
 No worries.
 I've got one very final use of chloroform, which is just so weird that I wanted to mention
 it.
 It's in this book, "Cloroform" by Linda Stratman.
 Yeah.
 I mean, there were various uses.
 It was used to preserve meat in 1851.
 It was used, it was inserted into the rectum to treat irritability.
 You know, all of these uses...
 Irritability of the rectum, or just general irritability.
 Yes, yes.
 Okay.
 So there were all these uses, right?
 But in 1849, it was announced that chloroform could power a steamship.
 Oh, okay.
 And there was this test in the French port of Loréand.
 The steamship went around.
 How would it work?
 Well, if it's steam, it doesn't matter what you're boiling, right?
 Oh, I guess.
 Is that...
 Does it seem like a waste?
 I thought it was the...
 I didn't think that was what the...
 As in I thought it was water powering or being powered by...
 It could be, but I mean, you could take some chloroform and boil it and then use that.
 Yeah.
 But I mean...
 It does seem like the entire crew would be unconscious.
 Yeah.
 Like the entire ship got going.
 Yeah, there's no further record.
 But it worked.
 It worked.
 It happened.
 And then there's no other trace of it being used again.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 A mystery.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 Maybe there was that one 10 years when it was used for everything and it turns out to be
 brilliant for everything.
 Then 10 years later, I thought, "Oh, what's that thing that we used?"
 Some illegible notes.
 What is this?
 Have you guys heard of dark lightning?
 No.
 Dark lightning.
 It doesn't exist.
 No, it does.
 It's basically something that can happen in a lightning storm.
 But rather than being electricity as we know it, it's basically bursts of gamma rays.
 So it's radiation.
 Yeah.
 And what will happen is if you get hit by dark lightning, you'd have to be flying for
 it to hit you really because it has to be quite high up.
 It can't come all the way down to the ground.
 But if you're in an aeroplane, for instance, if you're in a light aeroplane, you might
 get hit by it.
 And if you're hit by it in a light aeroplane, you would get as much energetic radiation as
 you would get in basically an entire lifetime.
 Oh, no.
 All in one go.
 Oh, you mean as a passenger on the plane?
 Yeah.
 You can't really cause cancer.
 Oh, my God.
 But you can't see it.
 It just happens.
 You can't feel it.
 You can't see it.
 You don't know you've been hit.
 So does this happen?
 So this could just happen?
 Yeah, yeah.
 It happens.
 Are there plane loads of people who have cancer who find out?
 It's rare.
 It's rare.
 And that's actually, I mean, if you know about aeroplane, flying an aeroplane, aeroplane
 rides, I always say.
 They're outside the supermarket, aren't they?
 You put a quid in.
 I've been on loads of this.
 If you fly an aeroplane, you do get more cancerous radiation than if you don't, and
 it's partly due to this kind of stuff.
 But a lifetime worth.
 A lifetime.
 Yeah, that's a lot.
 It's not the sort of thing, not sort of lifetime supplier you want to win.
 No.
 You've lost a competition at that stage.
 It's called the Velvet Revolution, the fall of Soviet Czechoslovakia in 1989, called that
 because it was bloodless.
 In Slovakia, they call it the Gentle Revolution, and then in 1992 they split into Czechia or
 Czech Republic as it was then, and Slovakia, and that's sometimes called the Velvet Divorce.
 But in 2017 there was a poll, and I think this is kind of still true, that 42% of Czechs
 and 40% of Slovaks don't really agree with what happened, and they would rather still
 be Czechoslovakia.
 And in 1992 when it happened, it was 36% and 37% who wanted to split.
 So largely speaking, I mean, obviously it's quite a big split, but a lot of people in
 the country didn't really want to split.
 So we might be looking at a Velvet remarriage.
 That would be good.
 Like a Burton-Taylor scenario.
 Velvet Reformation of Vows.
 And by Klav Havel, who I mentioned, who was in charge of, he was basically the president
 of the new Czechoslovakia.
 Klav is a heroic anti-communist, he's an amazing revolutionary figure really.
 Like still now, if you speak to any Czechoslovak people, he's a superstar.
 He's a superhero.
 Superhero.
 Oh, so drug addicts, lives on the houseboat.
 Yeah, yeah.
 But there's two places in Prague that are named after him, the airport and the new stage
 of the National Theatre, and he hated the theatre and he hated flying.
 That's great.
 In your face.
 On the subject of the inside of an anus, it is on the same subject.
 Just gustatory cells that we have on our tongues.
 We also have them in our digestive system.
 So in your stomach and in your intestinal linings and stuff, there are, for example,
 glucose receptors, just like the ones on your tongue.
 It's good for your stomach to know that these things are in there so that they can send
 out the right enzymes and stuff to deal with it and pull those nutrients into your bloodstream.
 But it's such a shame it doesn't get to the brain though.
 It would be so fun if you ate and you could taste your food all the way down.
 It's always a sad moment when you swallow your food and then that's over, isn't it?
 A sad moment, yeah.
 Whereas, yeah.
 If you could keep enjoying the meal all the way through.
 All the way through.
 There would have to be a cut-off point at some point in your intestines.
 Why not go all the way through until it comes out on the other end?
 If it tastes sweet, it's fine, right?
 Yeah, I mean if, if.
 There will be a point where it's not a good look with a dragon's head or as all I'm saying.
 It's amazing how long we've been able to predict eclipses, thousands of years.
 Yeah, it's really weird.
 Yeah.
 Like in Brits of Humans, well done.
 But it wasn't great news for a lot of people.
 So ancient Mesopotamians in like the 2nd and 3rd millennia BC thought there was such bad
 news that, and so dangerous for the kingdom, that if there was eclipses coming, the king
 and queen would have to be removed from the throne and replaced by a substitute in case
 they were killed by this awful omen.
 Oh, really?
 Yeah.
 And it happened so much over hundreds of years.
 It's so cool.
 So you'd, you'd take the king away, you'd hide him, and you'd get a replacement king.
 You'd dress him up as a king.
 Which would be just like a farmer or like.
 Yeah, just a bloke, a gardener.
 It wasn't like someone who was next in line.
 It was, yeah.
 No, it's got to be the most lowly person possible because they might die.
 Because they might die.
 Why?
 What happens after the eclipse when, presumably, they haven't died?
 They change back.
 Well, if you're the farmer, surely you're like, well, I'm king now.
 Yeah.
 Well, but here's the thing.
 No, there's a couple of awkward things.
 First of all, you get killed as the farmer.
 Yeah.
 Oh, you're joking.
 Just in case.
 Yeah.
 Have they secured my sign off on this arrangement as a farmer?
 You're sacrificing yourself for the health of your country.
 Yeah.
 For the good of the king.
 Well, that's what I've got a problem with.
 I still feel like there's a loophole that you have become king.
 And at that stage, you can say, you know, that rule about killing the farmer guy, let's
 not do that anymore.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, that's true.
 But there is an actual loophole, which is if the king does die in that period, the real
 king who's in hiding, the farmer then just stays.
 So you've got an incentive as the farmer to then have the king assassinated during that
 period.
 Exactly.
 You've got a very narrow window of opportunity.
 Six minutes.
 This is the ingredient of a very funny film, I think.
 A very short film.
 Yeah.
 Very short, yeah.
 I didn't know that was a rule.
 I did read, there was one instance where, so they didn't always kill the replacement,
 they usually did.
 But there was one person who didn't get killed, he just got to go back to being a gardener,
 which is what he was.
 He was called Enlil Barney.
 And then the king who he'd replaced died a couple of years later, a short time afterwards,
 and he was made king again.
 And he actually ruled this area until this was in Babylonian times, and he was Babylonian
 king for 25 years.
 Wow.
 That's good.
 Was he a good king?
 Did he just force everyone to have really nice gardens?
 That's not the worst thing you could do as a king, right?
 It seems like a kind of Prince Charles approach to being king.
 That's really good.
 Yeah.
 It just goes to show, take opportunities when they come up, and you don't know how you're
 going to benefit further down the line.
 Do you change your tune from the, when did I sign off, well, you sign the form now then.
 There is somewhere where they celebrate kale in all of its glory in northern Germany.
 They have, so basically the kale harvest is a huge deal there around those parts.
 And they have a festival, and the main highlight of this festival seems to be the Kohlfart,
 the kale fart, or the kale walk.
 And there's, I think it's Oldenburg calls itself the Kohlfart capital of the world.
 And it sounds like such a fun event.
 So you...
 No, it doesn't.
 Isn't it?
 Because kale is cabbage, isn't it?
 Cabbage.
 Cabbage.
 So it's all sort of all cruciferous.
 I think it's kale is the main event, but then other cabbages can attend, I believe.
 And it's to celebrate that, and you get a kale king and queen crowned every year.
 And I think sometimes you can crown the king and queen based on, you weigh them at the
 start and then you weigh them at the end of the feast, and then whoever's gained the most
 weight gets to be king and queen for the next year.
 Whoever's eating the most kale.
 Yeah, basically.
 Which is served with like large chunks of meat.
 Yeah.
 It's also quite a mouthful, presumably that's the Kohlkönig and the Kohlkönigin.
 So the Kohlkönigin is king and queen.
 Oh, yes.
 So you'd be the Kohlkönig.
 The Kohlkönigin.
 Kohlkönigin, yes.
 It's quite hard to say.
 That's brilliant.
 There you go.
 Try saying that five times first after ten sausages.
 I think it's cool when there are amazing ways of cooking food that are not, you know, that
 you're taking something you're already using and you're just, you're using it to cook.
 That's a fried egg on a bonnet.
 Exactly.
 That's right.
 I was thinking actually a sausage on the exhaust pipe.
 Would that work, putting a sausage up the exhaust pipe of your car?
 No.
 I think it might do.
 But the chemicals will be shooting out of it, aren't they?
 You need to give it a rinse, I think afterwards, but I think could you, do you think it gets
 hot enough?
 I think it probably does.
 I think the exhaust pipe gets pretty hot.
 Yeah.
 You'd have to strap it in, like tie it, like strap it in and put the sausage up your exhaust
 pipe.
 I don't think so.
 Oh, I think it definitely would work.
 It would taste rank.
 Fried egg on the bonnet, sausage up the exhaust pipe.
 You just need someone to cook the beans in the cigarette lighter.
 Lovely.
 You can get a full English out of one's car.
 And that's how you toast.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Bread.
 This is just my cooking cup.
 I thought the etymology of the emu family, ratites is quite interesting, because they're
 called ratites and that includes all the big birds, you know, all the famous ones.
 Cassowary.
 Nice.
 Chris Ria.
 Very nice, yeah.
 Chris Ria.
 Chris Ria.
 Yeah, he's in there.
 Yeah.
 You're ostrich.
 And your kiwis actually, who just sneak in there even though they're quite small and
 squat.
 Right.
 But ratite, I thought, well, that's weird, because they're not very rat-like, but it
 actually comes surprisingly from a different origin, which comes from the Latin to mean
 a raft.
 And that's because the key thing about ratites and the reason they're flightless is because
 they have no keel, which I didn't know, is the big extension of a breastbone that you
 can see if you look at the skeleton of any of these big birds and it holds onto the pectoral
 muscles.
 So the big muscles, if you don't have a keel, those poor wing muscles have got nothing
 to sort of get purchased against, so they just flap uselessly and embarrassingly, whereas
 all are the birds, you know, they've got something to hold their wings onto you.
 Interesting.
 So ratite comes from raft.
 Raft, because a raft is a boat without a keel.
 Oh my God.
 That is quite good.
 That's great.
 That's a long journey.
 But what a journey.
 We were talking about Irish dancing before.
 Do you know why in Irish dancing you stand with your top half completely still?
 Is it because they're always holding a very full cup of coffee at the time, aren't they?
 I would guess, logically, it must be that you've got room for your legs to move, but not
 your arms, right?
 So maybe the rooms they performed in were very narrow above hip height, but very broad
 like rooms are often different.
 How are they getting into those rooms?
 It doesn't make any sense, does it?
 We have to crawl into the room because it's very open, and then we stand up into the narrowing
 closed space.
 I've never seen a room like this, by the way, I just guess it.
 I don't think I've said it here once, I was looking at houses and I went to this house
 and they had a bedroom, but they have two kids there, and the kids didn't want to stay
 in the same bedroom, but they only had one bedroom, and so they made it so it was in
 half top and bottom, so they put a fake floor halfway up the wall, and one of the kids had
 to climb up onto the top half, and the other one had his little sort of underground room
 that he had.
 So it's like a bunk bed, but a whole room?
 The whole room was a bunk bed.
 That's brilliant.
 You'd want to be in the top bit, wouldn't you?
 Yeah.
 You'd want to climb up.
 Especially because I don't trust my parents' building abilities, that floor's going to fall
 through at some point.
 Yeah, sorry, we were saying about the Irish, so basically Irish dancing was outlawed by
 the English along with other things like Irish sports, stuff like that, and so the theory
 goes that the Irish would keep their top half still and dance with their bottom half,
 so the British wouldn't be able to tell if they were dancing if they saw them in the
 window of a pub or behind a hedge.
 Brilliant.
 Brilliant.
 Just dancing the way he's dancing.
 Yeah, yeah.
 We're just having a quiet pint of Guinness.
 Exactly, and one of the theory is that it began when some dancers were forced to dance
 for Queen Elizabeth I, and she was responsible for starting the plantations in Ireland, so
 they had no chance but to dance, but to protest against it and show their fellow countrymen
 that they didn't want to dance in front of the Queen, they kept their top half really
 still.
 Like throwing a real strop?
 Yeah.
 Like eating your peas, but crying at the same time?
 Kind of like folding your arms with a grumpy face, but then your legs are still dancing,
 kind of thing.
 Wow.
 That's hilarious.
 Just on floodlights, I don't know if this is interesting, but the first time they had
 floodlights at Old Trafford I was reading yesterday, they were going to play against
 Real Madrid the following week, and they knew that there would be floodlights in Spain,
 and so they quickly put up their own floodlights, and they were playing Bolton Wanderers in
 the league, and they made the Bolton players dress like Real Madrid players so that they
 be able to see what the Real Madrid players would look like.
 Oh, wow.
 So they wore like, and they already both wore white, but they wore the same shorts and the
 same socks as Real Madrid.
 That's amazing.
 So they could just do a dummy run of...
 Pretty much.
 Even though it was a proper league match in the UK, they wanted to be like, "Okay."
 Can you still do that?
 Football matches, can you insist that your opponents wear a costume?
 Clown outfit.
 Clown outfit.
 Effectively.
 Or clown outfit.
 Big slam on Real Madrid there.
 Or Bolton.
 Yeah.
 But yeah, I think like in those days it was, everyone was quite wanting the English teams
 to do well in Europe, so they helped them out.
 Wow.
 Anyway.
 If you had clown shoes on, would that help or hinder your match?
 Hinder.
 I think you know the answer to that.
 Hang on, hang on.
 I haven't done anything to the question.
 In a football match?
 Yeah, I was going to say...
 Or in the big top.
 In a dance match, it would be bad actually, wouldn't it?
 Because you would be quite further, you'd be a lot further away from the board.
 But you could possibly counterweight yourself and bend forward really far if you had heavy
 shoes.
 Exactly.
 If you were the goalie, you would have a longer reach for getting to the ball.
 Why?
 Well, if you had to kick your leg out, that little two-inch difference might be...
 I've once played football in Wellington Boots, and I can say that it was much more difficult
 than playing in football boots.
 But was everyone playing in the Wellington Boots?
 Everyone on my team was, and the other team were in normal shoes.
 Were the other team about to play some international team which was going to play in a monsoon?
 They needed...
 They were about to play in a monsoon, and they needed...
 It was for charity when I was a kid.
 Right.
 So our Wellington Boots were full of custard as well, so that also helped.
 What?
 That'll make it more difficult.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 What?
 It was for the...
 Possibly the first, or maybe the second, never, comment relief.
 Wow.
 Really?
 Did you have to drink the custard at the end?
 No.
 I would have thought that would be...
 Really?
 Just oranges like normal.
 What was the final score?
 I don't recall.
 Did you decide when?
 I think we must have done, because we were playing against kids, like really young kids.
 Yeah.
 Sorry.
 Hang on.
 You were adults.
 No, we weren't adults, but we were older kids.
 Yeah.
 But you had the handicap of...
 Exactly.
 Wellington Boots full of custard.
 That's right.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 So if more matches have played like that, I'd be more attracted to football.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Exactly.
 I think it would be fascinating to see...
 That sort of weird handicap when you come to someone's home ground, they have to just...
 Yeah.
 Who's the best football team at the moment?
 Man City.
 Man City.
 Man City.
 I'd love to see Man City play...
 Sorry, who's the worst football team at the moment?
 Trump.
 Trump is.
 That's my team.
 Okay, I'd love to see...
 Man City play Tremerovers, but Man City are all tied together in a line.
 That's great.
 Oh, nice.
 I think...
 Like, the handicap depends on the deficiency between the two teams, right?
 Exactly.
 Yeah.
 That's great.
 Or if they were positioned like foosball, so like a...
 Yeah.
 You know, a big mess of ball.
 Oh, yeah.
 They will be drilled through their bodies.
 Yeah, through.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 In the position.
 Anyway, I look forward to that nil-nil game between Tremero and Man City.
 Jon Osborne wrote, "Don't look back in anger while sitting on a deck chair in Morgan Bay for 17 days."
 That's great.
 Get piled.
 There's play.
 It's a play, right?
 It's a play, yeah, yeah.
 It's a famous angry young man play.
 Well, it was where angry young men came from.
 They named it in the reviews for it.
 But yeah.
 It's quite hard to look back on a deck chair, isn't it?
 Yeah, that's why they got so angry.
 Yeah.
 Being angry on a deck chair doesn't feel right, does it?
 No.
 It's like being angry on a trampoline.
 You can't do it.
 You can't do it.
 You can be angry.
 Should we put dangerous world leaders on deck chairs?
 Or like Putin should have all his meetings on a deck chair from now on.
 And it might solve a lot of problems.
 Put them in soft play centres.
 Yeah.
 That's where they belong.
 Your coffers should be.
 Yeah.
 Apparently, in look back in anger, it is kind of one of these kitchen sink plays.
 I haven't seen it, actually.
 But there is a moment where someone brings out an ironing board.
 And apparently the first time it played in London's Royal Court Theatre,
 the audience gasped because there was an ironing board on stage.
 When was it?
 It started in 1956.
 That's great.
 But you didn't have them in those days.
 If all you've seen was the importance of being earnest.
 Yeah.
 No ironing at all.
 Or Shakespeare or whatever.
 Yeah.
 And there was a review where apparently there's a woman,
 one of the characters is basically ironing throughout the first half.
 But there was a review saying a guy called Gerald Berry,
 who said that he almost had a nervous breakdown,
 watching her take so long to iron one pajama top.
 It was supposed to be realism,
 but she didn't change any of the ironing.
 She just sat there ironing this one thing all the way through the book.
 That's so funny.
 You would definitely focus on that when you were in the audience.
 I wouldn't be listening to anything they said.
 I'd say she's still not ironing that top.
 That's really funny.
 Definitely funny.
 We're just one other cool thing that they have in airport.
 And this is around the world as well.
 So you know how you have your runway.
 And when you're landing a plane,
 you don't want to go off the end of the runway.
 It's frowned on.
 But you can't land exactly at the beginning of the runway.
 And sometimes, you know,
 terrible conditions or there's a mistake in the cockpit, whatever,
 planes do just go a bit further than they should.
 There's an amazing system they have,
 which is called EMAS.
 It's engineered materials arresting system.
 So it looks like normal tarmac runway, right?
 But it's designed to crunch down
 and to collapse like a blamange as soon as the plane hits it.
 So it's like the plane runs into treacle.
 It just slows the plane down and brings it to a complete stop.
 And it's just this amazing crunchy surface
 that they have beyond the end of runways
 in loads of airports these days.
 If you accidentally wander onto that,
 do you end up crunched up?
 You miss your flight.
 But it destroys the plane's wheels
 just because it just is grinding it to a halt
 because it's literally designed to collapse.
 Here's one thing.
 Another thing that might happen,
 you're taking off.
 Obviously, like you say,
 sometimes mistakes, sometimes you go too far,
 you start in the wrong place.
 What if you're trying to take off and you hit this stuff?
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah, probably huge problems.
 Delays, I imagine, for the passengers.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 I think, I don't know if it's ever happened.
 It might be.
 It's not nose dive into the ground.
 My wife, when she sleeps,
 she puts her arms above her like a zombie.
 That's quite scary.
 You mean she's on her back and she sticks them out?
 Yeah, yeah, in the air.
 Is it a sort of slow rise
 or just they straight up in a sort of...
 Yeah, no, I'm not like Hitler.
 I've never asked her if she's dreaming about being at Nuremberg.
 Maybe she is, but no, they're like,
 they slowly rise until they're vertical.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 Does she say, "brains, brains, brains"?
 I imagine you wake up with sort of pins and needles.
 Yeah, you think so, right?
 Yeah, you think so, right?
 She wakes, that's when she's in a really deep sleep,
 so by the time she's woken up, she's no longer riking.
 Emus has been banned from a hotel in Queensland
 for misbehaving.
 Okay.
 Really?
 A Yorak hotel.
 It's in a very remote part of Western Queensland
 and they've actually put a sign up saying,
 "Emus, a ban for bad behaviour
 and there's a rope and you have to fasten it behind you,"
 because they kept,
 there are just two Emus left in the area
 called Kevin and Carol
 and they kept wandering into the pub
 and stealing guest possessions
 and apparently putting their heads in the toaster
 to take, to take, to take toaster out.
 Can they read?
 What good is the sign?
 That feels a bit...
 If there are only two Emus in the area,
 it feels like a bit of overkill, frankly,
 to ban all Emus
 when actually you're just aiming this at Kevin and Carol.
 Just say that on the sign.
 Just say, "Kevin and Carol,
 Kevin and Carol ban from this place.
 Please cover that with the rope when you go in."
 You're right, don't tar all Emus with the Kevin and Carol brush.
 I got a very small quiz,
 potentially one-question quiz.
 Derring a quiz.
 Let's begin.
 You've just walked up to Saddam Hussein.
 You're going to give him a kiss.
 Okay.
 Where do you kiss him?
 Is this after he died?
 No, pre-death.
 Is he still in charge?
 He's still in charge.
 On the moustache.
 Ooh, lovely stuff.
 But not the lips.
 But not the lips.
 Yeah.
 He's got a big moustache.
 That's very achievable.
 Yeah.
 I mean, I like to think I'd have more self-control.
 But if I'm compelled to, this is a diplomatic thing.
 And you know, otherwise...
 You're going for what he wants.
 Oh, what he wants.
 I'd say the berry.
 Oh, interesting.
 Interesting.
 Yeah.
 Well, I'm just thinking about what's left of Saddam Hussein.
 Maybe on his medals, did he not always...
 Are my thinking of someone else?
 He probably wore a few.
 Colonel Gaddafi.
 I don't know.
 But yeah, maybe on his medals.
 You've picked...
 James is the closest.
 You've picked the right spot.
 Nipple.
 It's the armpits.
 It's roughly in the armpit area.
 Sort of chest going into the armpits.
 No.
 So this was discovered by a guy called Joel Soler.
 He made a documentary about Saddam Hussein.
 He went into Iraq under a different...
 Like he claimed he was there filming some other stuff.
 And then he smuggled archive footage that had been filmed of Saddam Hussein while he was there out of the country.
 And he made a satirical documentary about all the stuff.
 I believe, I hope I'm not being tricked here, but I believe all the stuff in it is...
 Like Michael Moore's satirical documentaries are real stuff, real fact the whole way through.
 He got footage of where Saddam, who was a hygiene freak, to...
 He didn't want to kiss his on the cheek, so that's where you would kiss him.
 In his armpit areas.
 All these weird leaders are hygiene freaks.
 That was a strong correlation.
 Sorry, can I just pick up down on the way he said hygiene?
 I think the reason that they're hygiene freaks is because they think they might be assassinated.
 A lot of them.
 A paradise.
 The gun is in their mouth.
 And you don't want to...
 You could be shot in the armpit and live.
 That's fine.
 But you know...
 Okay, well, second question to the quiz and then I'll be done with the quiz.
 Did I get the points for the first one?
 You do, you absolutely.
 So James is winning 1-0.
 Right.
 So, second question.
 You're a princess.
 You found a frog.
 You're chatting to the frog.
 The frog's chatting back.
 You realise you could turn this frog into a prince.
 Where do you kiss the frog according to the grim tales?
 Can I just say, first of all, someone's stomach rumbled halfway through that fact.
 And I really hope it came up on the mics because it sounded like a frog was in the room.
 Who was it?
 Was that me?
 I'll dive in and I'll go classic reversal.
 I'll say the bum.
 Oh, damn it.
 I knew I shouldn't have let you go first.
 It's not what you're going to say.
 Yeah, it just feels like the only other non-obvious hole.
 A nostril?
 A nostril.
 A frog nostril.
 Well, I'm thinking the fact that it's in the same quiz, armpit.
 Ah, very nice answer as well.
 No, the answer is that you don't need to kiss the frog at all.
 That's a later addition to the story.
 Oh, really?
 Yeah.
 So in the original grim story, rather than kissing the frog, she gets really pissed off with the frog,
 picks it up and chucks it at a wall.
 And when it smashes at the wall, it then turns into the prince.
 Wow.
 Yeah, there's no kiss at all.
 She's like, she picks it up.
 Now, will you be quiet, you ugly frog, pegs it at the wall,
 and then a handsome prince just sort of pops out from the-
 Wait, but is he-
 I'll roll his bones broken because he's just been thrown at the wall.
 So presumably he doesn't fancy her after that.
 Yeah, she's really shown her character there.
 That's true.
 They do say you have to throw a lot of men against the wall before you find your prince.
 Scallops move around using jet propulsion.
 Oh, my God.
 That's amazing, isn't it?
 Yeah, it's incredible.
 That big muscle means they can just clamp that thing close really quickly, really strongly.
 It creates a jet of water and they move around.
 It's to get away from predators.
 They can make the jet go in different directions, so they have this kind of random motion.
 It's basically an evasive manoeuvre.
 It's so cool.
 Yeah.
 If you see a footage of a scallop escaping from something, it's like,
 it reminded me of the chattering teeth.
 Yeah.
 It just sort of go off in one direction.
 That's weird.
 It's a bit random and it's, you know.
 It reminded me of Sesame Street animals for exactly the same.
 Is that one that, you know, the Sesame Street Muppets?
 Their mouths.
 The Muppets Muppets.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Well, there's a bit of a cinematic universe going on here.
 There's the Muppets on the Muppet show.
 And then the Sesame Street, which I think is, I think they are Muppets on Sesame Street.
 Is Big Bird a Muppet?
 Oh, God, I thought they all were.
 Maybe the Muppets is a trademark for the Muppets.
 Which are the ones that do have mouths like scallops that snap, snap, snap,
 like you say, like the teeth?
 I think all of them do.
 I think that's not a useful.
 Maybe Big Bird doesn't, I don't know.
 No, Big Bird has a beak.
 No, that's a completely different one.
 But Big Bird's just a bloke in a suit, isn't it?
 Yes.
 What?
 But they are manic, aren't they?
 Like chattering, looping around.
 And they move so fast through the water.
 It's incredible.
 You'd think they were really slow, but no.
 I think, I've been on a jet ski quite recently and I found that it's really hard
 to change direction when you're going slowly,
 but actually weirdly a lot easier when you're going a bit quicker.
 So I wonder if there's something to do with that if they're jet propelled.
 Yeah.
 There's no stability in the way they move, so they sort of tumble as they go.
 So every time they squeeze the water out,
 they're facing in a new direction anyway, so they just kind of tumble around.
 Interesting.
 So Gatwick has a train line at the end of its runway.
 And as it trains, like not right at the end,
 like there's just a train track that goes past Gatwick Airport.
 But there's a special tripwire in the train track.
 And I think it has it when it runs past Gatwick
 and then it runs past another airport somewhere else in the south.
 But there's a tripwire that automatically cuts the power to trains
 if a plane doesn't stop at the end of the runway.
 So there's a system that detects immediately if the plane hasn't stopped
 and that cuts the power.
 And it has been tripped occasionally, but by accident,
 which is quite annoying because your train just does an emergency stop.
 That's awesome.
 That's so clever.
 It's a clever system.
 What if you're in the line of the actual runway?
 Yeah, that's a cock up, I suppose.
 You just cross your fingers.
 I know it's really cold there.
 I know that, guys.
 And the Antarctic.
 Yeah, and the Antarctic.
 I know it's cold there.
 I know that.
 But what I didn't know is how cold it was.
 And I now have a good way of measuring possibly for some listener at home
 of how cold it was and it is in the Antarctic.
 So we told a story back in episode 111 of the time
 when Neil Armstrong, Edmund Hillary and Steve Fossett
 all went to the North Pole together.
 So there was a guy who dreamed of bringing the first man on top of the world,
 the first man off the world, and Steve Fossett.
 And Steve Fossett.
 He went around the world.
 He was a ballooner, right?
 Okay, he's definitely less famous.
 He's definitely the--
 Oh, yeah.
 But he was a very rich billionaire, Branson-esque kind of person.
 Yeah.
 And so--
 Bring the guy with the money.
 Yeah, exactly, yeah.
 And so they all went there and they landed, they didn't do it a proper track.
 They sort of got brought by helicopter and so on to land there.
 And when they landed there to celebrate,
 they popped open a bottle of champagne and before even two glasses were poured,
 the entire champagne froze.
 That's how cold it is.
 Champagne will freeze within two doors.
 I'm not that surprised by that because I've seen like videos on YouTube
 in really cold places where people like pour hot water
 and it just freezes on the way down.
 Wow.
 But you have to down it super fast then.
 Pretty bad gas.
 It's very hard holding the flute in your mitt as well.
 Excuse me, I asked for this whiskey without ice.
 Wow.
 What a way to kill someone because if you drank and it froze as it was going down your throat
 and sort of blocked your entire--
 Luckily, hopefully your throat is not so cold that it would--
 If your throat is cold enough to freeze water, you're probably already dead.
 Good point.
 Otherwise, you're eating all the stuff and you're worrying it's going to freeze in your stomach.
 Yeah, I think your assassination club needs more work.
 The other day I drove across for the first time.
 You know, if you drive into Gibraltar, you have to drive over and feel--
 Yeah.
 No, no.
 Yeah, so it's a runway.
 Kind of like how you stop for a train and let the train pass and then they lift it up.
 That's the runway.
 Yeah, so like you drive into the-- you go through Pascalville control
 and then it's a straight road and the runway goes right across your road
 and if there's a plane coming, it stops you from going.
 But you know when you go across a level crossing and there's trains
 and you're still thinking right, I'm going to definitely check both ways just in case.
 You definitely do that for planes as well.
 Always looking, oh, I hope there's not a 747 about to come this way.
 Yeah, I always get so freaked out going over level crossings that have let me go through,
 the lights are green, they're not even deeing down.
 I also assume that my car is just going to get over one of them
 and not on the other one and I'm just going to be balanced on top of the rails.
 You do drive one of those Cozy Coupe red in the other car, don't you?
 In the the queue, something that got quite a bad rep was our old friend What3Words.
 Oh, really? Yeah.
 What3Words for anyone who doesn't know.
 So What3Words is basically a system of addresses where a place is identified by just three random words.
 So you get the coordinates and you can say, hey, can you come to a bubble--
 It's hard to think of three words, isn't it?
 Bubblecat table and then that'll be a specific place in the world and it'll be somewhere in Finland.
 You put the three words into your app and it'll tell you exactly where to go.
 Yes, but I'd never thought of the flaw in What3Words before until the queue happened,
 which is that if you don't get it exactly right, unlike if you don't get a normal address exactly right,
 it's usually quite close, this would have sent you somewhere completely different.
 So there was a bunch of queers who were told to go and start queuing in California.
 Well, What3Words say is that actually if you put the three words into your app
 and it tells you that the start of the queue to see the queen is in California,
 you might think, probably I've put the wrong word in.
 Whereas if you say it's number 34 High Street and it's actually number 38 High Street,
 then it's more likely that you'll get things mixed up.
 But people can be silly, can't they?
 You know, they'd heard it was long, maybe they thought.
 And it did keep on, it was because I think the What3Words was same valve grid.
 What was that? Was that the end of the queue?
 That was the end of the queue, yeah, exactly.
 So that's where people went and actually it was supposed to be same value grid, I think.
 And then they accidentally misdirected people to a different part of London,
 which could have been confusing for people.
 Right, interesting.
 And then sent them to North Carolina later on.
 So who knows how many idiots are scattered across bits of North America now?
 None of this is the fault of What3Words in my opinion.
 I'm going to stick with Andy's opinion as well.
 Look, I'm not Andy What3Words either, just be careful of typos.
 Helicopters create lightning, sometimes, I heard.
 I've been in quite a few helicopters and never noticed it.
 Well, you've been lucky, be careful.
 So this happens wherever there are helicopters
 and thunderstorms happening at the same time, or heavy rain.
 And in the North Sea, a small number of helicopters will be struck by lightning every year.
 And they're struck way more than they would ordinarily be.
 And even if there's no lightning in the area, it can happen.
 So what's going on?
 I don't know the exact process, but I don't know.
 So it doesn't come out of them, it's not like you see a helicopter above you
 and it might target you and strike you down with lightning?
 No, it's not Zeus.
 What do you mean create lightning?
 Static created by the blades, I'm guessing.
 It must be something to do with that.
 Yeah, I don't know the exact explanation.
 But helicopters do have anti-lightning technology on them.
 Well, it's not working, it sounds like.
 It's creating it.
 I think how many would be plummeting out of the sky without it?
 To protect the people inside, I mean.
 So if planes these days get hit by lightning all the time, it's normally fine.
 And same with helicopters, yeah.
 Wow.
 I've got one very final thing.
 Have you guys heard of, I know you've heard of the Wilhelm Scream.
 Yeah?
 Yes.
 Have you guys heard of Castle Thunder?
 No.
 But the Wilhelm Scream for people who don't know, it's that Scream in movies that is used over and over again.
 Sounds about like that.
 That was quite good.
 Well, there is a single movie Thunder Clap as well.
 And it's called Castle Thunder.
 And it's used in so many films.
 So it's in the original Frankenstein.
 It was in Cleopatra.
 I can hear it in my head right now.
 Bambi, Sleeping Beauty, Star Wars, Ghostbusters, Citizen Kane.
 It's in so many.
 And it's one sound.
 I think it is.
 That could be so many.
 No, no, but the rhythm, the rhythm of that.
 Yeah, yeah, you might be right.
 Which one resonated with you guys?
 Bambi is the scene I remember best of those.
 I'm not sure I've seen any of them.
 What were they?
 All there's nothing recent.
 Yeah.
 Stop on my mum will shoot.
 You might have seen the original Ghostbusters.
 I have actually.
 For a sort of, you know, if you were on a history trip or something.
 I actually did watch that when I was a kid.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 That's good. What's in that?
 Oh, Castle Thunder.
 Very cool.
 Okay, that's it.
 That's all of our outtakes.
 Thanks so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we've said
 over the course of these blooper reels,
 you can find us on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on at Shriverland.
 You got James, who's on at James Harkin.
 You got Andy, who's on at Andrew Hunter M.
 Then you got Steve Mould, who's at Mould S.
 We've got Malcolm Gladwell, who's on at Gladwell.
 And of course, there's Angela Barnes, who's on at Angela Barnes.
 There's also our group account, which is at no such thing.
 Or if like Anna, you're not on Twitter,
 you can always email us podcast@QI.com.
 Send us all your thoughts there.
 And we will be back again in a couple of weeks with another bit of bonus content
 for you clubfish members.
 We'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
