 Hi everybody, Andy here. I just wanted to start with a quick apology before this
 week's edition of No Such Thing as a Fish. We've had some letters of complaint
 about our use of a sponsor square space. I just wanted to read one of them out
 to you. Dissur and Madame, I am disgusted that you have been using square space
 to sponsor your podcast. I don't care that it helps you tell your story to the
 world. I don't care it has beautiful templates, 24/7 support and e-commerce and
 we'll really make your work speak for itself. Nor do I care that if you use the
 off-code fish you can save 10% off your order and already very reasonable
 $8 a month. I am disgusted. Please unsubscribe me immediately. So I just wanted to
 share that with you before the podcast and I hope it doesn't you know have any
 subliminal effects on you. Okay, thanks. Bye. Hello and welcome to another
 episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming to you from the QI
 offices in Covent Garden. My name is Dan Schreiber. I'm sitting here with
 Anichesinski, James Arkin and Andy Murray and this is our UK General
 Election Special podcast. The only UK General Election Special podcast out there
 that makes absolutely no mention whatsoever of the UK General Election. So once
 again we've gathered around the microphone with our four favorite facts from the
 last seven days and in no particular order here we go. Starting with fact
 number one, James Arkin. Okay, my fact this week is that the first thing was
 a parliament. So the first thing called a thing. The first thing called a thing was
 a parliament. This is an etymology thing. An etymology. I think you mean an etymology
 parliament. Okay, so let me get this right. The oldest non-parliament which is
 still going is the Al thing which is in Iceland. There's been going since the
 10th century and that was called Al thing from the Icelandic which they used for
 parliament and then in Old English they used this word "thing" to mean
 the parliament as well. And then they used "thing" to mean a place where people got
 together and decided on laws and stuff like that. And then a thing was something you
 brought to the parliament if you had a problem like it was your, you know, my
 thing is that my neighbour is stealing my goats. And then a thing became any
 old thing and then it became what it is today. The journey of this thing. Yeah, so
 basically I thought we just talk about the history of parliaments and Icelandic
 parliaments in particular because Iceland, like I said, was the oldest ever
 parliament. It was 9.30 and it was basically everyone would turn up to this
 particular part of Iceland. It's actually the place where the North American and
 the European continent are right next to each other. You can jump from one to
 the other. I've been there. It's quite cool. Oh wow. And that place is called "thing
 Belia". And yeah, it was going from 9.30 to 17.99 then it was abolished for a few
 years and then reinstated in 1844. It's been continuous ever since. I like the
 simplicity of the Icelandic terms like having it in "thing" field and didn't
 they used to make their decisions on law rock, I think, which is in the middle of
 "thing" fields when they met originally. Oh, that's so good. I do really like Icelandic
 politics mainly because of one character I've come across and looking at this. Andy's
 shaking his head, John Gnar, right? Yeah, I don't know if I'm pronouncing his
 surname, right? Did you read about John Gnar? No, John Gnar is fantastic. He basically
 he set up a satirical party called "The Best Party" and yeah, the idea of the
 best party was that he was just going to challenge all of the things that he
 thought was wrong that politicians were doing. So part of his political
 promises was that he said that everyone would get free towels and swimming
 pools. Ah, that's good. Yep. A polar bear for a Reykjavik zoo. Okay. All kinds of
 things for weaklings. What do you think that means? I don't know but I'm voting for
 it. And he wanted a Disney land there as well. But he actually got in, which is
 really exciting. He's like a post-punk guy as well. When it's a gay pride day, he
 dresses up in drag. One of the problems was with the free towels. He did
 it just as a joke. But then when he got in, he realized that actually they had to
 make a lot of cuts because there've been really bad economic problems in
 Iceland. All right. So he couldn't give free towels to people after all. So he couldn't
 keep his mouth shut. He actually doubled the price of towels. He said. They asked him
 about it and he said, yeah, I had to raise everything that could be raised. All
 service fees and no free towels. In fact, double the price. Wow. My favorite
 thing of all about him is that upon being elected, he said that he would not
 enter a coalition government with anyone who hadn't watched the series The Wire
 on HBO. So another good thing about Icelandic politics, they had the world's first
 openly gay head of state. And that was Joanna Sigurd Da Dottia. And she was
 lesbian and she was head of government from the first of February 2009. She's
 pretty cool. Yeah. A few other things that Iceland's really good at. They've had
 more Nobel Prizes per capita than anywhere else. Apart from there's a few
 very, very, very small places that have a few more. If there's only one guy in the
 country, that's what I want. The country where 100% of people have a Nobel prize.
 Yeah. They have the most expensive big mucks in the world. Why are they so expensive?
 Just because you've got to get all the food over there. And also it's to do with
 their currency being very, very strong. Yeah, everything's quite expensive in
 Iceland, isn't it? Well, last time I got the figures, which was a few years ago
 now, and they've had a few trouble since then. It was $6.67 each for a big Mac. And
 that was compared to the equivalent of $3.32 in the U.K. Oh, wow. So it's twice as
 expensive. Is that with fries? It's like Mac meal. Okay, well, I don't know. Do you
 know about Icelandic horses? No. No. They're very cool. Are they? Yes. And they're
 very lonely. It's the most isolated breed in the world. So you're not allowed to
 import a horse into Iceland ever. Okay. You can leave if you're a horse, but once you leave,
 you can't go back. No way. Yeah, because they they they are worried about the Icelandic
 horses getting diseases or foreign horses infecting them. This is supposedly one of
 the oldest laws in the world. It goes. It was supposedly decreed by the
 Althing in 982, which I mean no one's quite sure because records are obviously quite scanned.
 But it's quite it's quite difficult because they lost about 70% of their horses in 1782
 because of volcanic ash poisoning. Oh, yeah. Yeah. So there were slim pickings there, but
 they've they have recovered since 1782. Yeah, it's difficult with Icelandic history because
 it kind of morphs into the sagas quite a lot. Right. So until 1980s, the Icelandic sagas
 were taught as history. Well, a lot of them are a lot of them are historical though. So they've
 they found, for instance, the history of the fact that it was Icelandic people who first
 got to America. There's archaeological evidence, which exactly backs up what was in the sagas,
 which said that. I think it's kind of half true and half madeeopie stuff. Yeah. That's
 kind of like Sweden. Have we ever mentioned the fact that Swedish kings about eight or
 nine of them are fictional because they come from their legends, don't they? So King Swedish
 King Charles the I want to say 16th or 17th is actually only the 11th. Okay. Here's another
 old old law speaking of Parliament and laws as you were since 1313. It's been legal to
 wear suit of armour in the houses of Parliament and it's still as illegal. So you can't do that. Yeah.
 It would have seemed like a declaration of war like you were going into. Although weirdly,
 it's illegal to have a suit of armour there, but they do have still on the in the cloakroom
 for their MPs and also in the lifts. They have hooks for your sword. In the lift. Apparently
 there was a guy who went as far as in the lift for the sword. Remember in the 14th century
 they had these lifts that they used to put their swords up. The invention of the lift. Post
 dates, swords going out of fashion. You would have thought by about 200 years. You don't
 know what's fashionable in the houses of Parliament. There's still very in. And also how long
 is the journey of the lift? Yeah. They're like, I'm just going to take the sword off of the
 duration. Well, it's a very old letter. They were slower in those days. How old is it?
 In the 14th century. No, I don't know. I think it's just must be a customary thing. Apparently
 quite a lot of plastics or the hooks onto the hangars in the cloakroom. It's going in the
 plastic. There is the idea that we mentioned this before that you're not allowed to die or
 that it's illegal to die. Oh, yes. This is not true. So you can die there. Of course you
 can. Who's going to stop you? Most of the, it's illegal to die. No, no, no, but the, oh, sorry,
 not illegal, but it's not recognised. But it is. It is. You can die in Parliament. Yeah. No one
 actually knows where that myth even comes from. Oh, really? Okay. The, oh, you're finding about
 etymology speaking of the English houses of Parliament. The origin of the phrase in the bag,
 I think one of the best estimates of where that comes from is from the partition bag,
 which is the bag that's hung on the back of the speaker's chair. Is this not true? I don't know.
 You're looking at me really weird. I don't reckon it's true because I just think it comes from
 there being bags. Where's that pig? It's in the bag. I don't mean, I mean, maybe it's true. Maybe
 it's true. Where's that pig? I can't tell you because it's just no phrase. Wait, so what's it,
 so so Parliament is I should clarify, I mean, the metaphorical meaning of in the bag to mean the
 thing that I wanted to happen is going to happen is from in Parliament. There's a bag, a velvet
 bag that hangs over the back of the speaker's chair. And it was if you wanted to lodge a petition
 in Parliament and you were too shy to announce it out loud, then you dropped a little petition
 paper into the, in the bag, maybe like it's in the bag. Wow. That's very cool. Just a theory,
 just an etymological theory. Where's your petition in the bag? I know that's the pig bag.
 Okay, time for fact number two. And that is Chazzynski. Yep, my fact is that one of the largest
 majorities in a Brazilian local election was won by a rhino. So a rhino got elected? A rhino got,
 well, annoyingly, she didn't get elected. So this was a rhinoceros called Kakaleko, who was a
 rhino at Sao Paulo Zoo, and this was a 1958 at the council elections. And she just got this massive
 majority. So this campaign was started by a bunch of students a few days earlier, who managed to
 get her added to the ballot paper. And 100,000 people voted for Kakaleko, and the second highest
 vote number of votes anyone got in that election was 10,000. But she didn't get elected into office.
 What? Why not? Oh, because she's a rhino. Some little detail of bureaucracy, which bans rhinoceros,
 who came second, got in. Yeah. Doesn't Kakaleko mean rubbish as well? Yeah, it means like
 pile of rubbish. And that's because she was so mean. It's because she was a really formless
 baby when she was born, which does seem kind of harsh. Apparently she was really ugly though.
 The zookeeper was really harsh about her, in fact. So the idea was that we're voting something so
 hideous and ugly and stupid. And yet it's probably going to be better at this job than a politician.
 Well, I hope she had a very scathing acceptance speech. To everyone who doused me along the way,
 I'm coming for you. So on animals being elected to things. Okay. I can highly recommend the Wikipedia
 page list of non-human electoral candidates, which is very strong. Here's some examples please.
 Well, there's, and I'm quoting directly here, there's New Zealand's McGillicatti Sirius party,
 is the name of the party, that entered a goat in a local election. And then it says,
 "But they're attempt to have a hedgehog stand for Parliament was unsuccessful."
 Also, in 2001, a daxan called Sossice, or Sossage, was a candidate. Thanks for that, by the way.
 In the municipal elections there. And he got 4% of the votes, which is a lot more than
 quite a lot of fringe candidates. And then a few years later, he went on their
 homeland of Big Brother, which is called Secret Story. Oh, I remember that, yeah. And because
 the the point is that when you enter, you have to have a secret. And his secret was that he was a
 candidate in an election. He had to enter under an assumed name. So he entered the house with the
 nickname secret. That was his nickname. But if the whole house was about every single candidate
 having a secret, didn't they all have the nickname secret? Exactly. What else was on that list?
 I got one if you want. There was a sock puppet called Ed the sock, who attempted to run for the
 Fed up party during the Canadian federal election of 2011. How did he fare? He attempted to run,
 so I don't think they allowed him to reach the shame. Actually, one of the people who's running
 against Ed Miliband in this election for the official Monster Raving Looney party is called Nick
 the Flying Brick. But he's not a brick. He's a human. Okay. Imagine the disappointment when you
 thought he was a brick. He voted for him and then it turns out to be a human. Or maybe it's a pleasant
 surprise. It was like, I voted for a brick because it was the lesser of two evils. He turned out to be
 a person. It was great news. I only voted for you because of the housing crisis.
 Since you mentioned the Monster Raving Looney party, so going back to the Kakareko, Rhino fact Canada's
 equivalent of the Monster Raving Looney party was called the rhinoceros party. Canada's equivalent
 of the, so just a coincidence. No, it was named after Kakareko, so they had some quite funny
 policies in the 80s and 90s. They determined to repeal the law of gravity to provide higher,
 yep, didn't succeed, as far as I know. Although we aren't doing this on the ceiling, which maybe,
 provide, they said they'd provide higher education by building taller schools. They said they'd
 count the thousand islands to make sure America didn't steal any. And then they had this platform,
 this election platform in 1984, the Rhino party of Canada, where they declared war on Belgium.
 They said they declared war on Belgium because in an episode of Tintin, a rhino had been blown up
 and it turned out that rhino was Cornelius the Rhino's grand mother. And Cornelius the Rhino was the
 nominal leader of the Rhino party of Canada. So this fictional rhino was the... Cornelius the Rhino,
 sorry, was a real rhino, but his grandmother was a fictional rhino. Yeah, I don't know how that happens.
 So yeah, they said they declared war and then the ambassador to Canada from Belgium decided,
 so he made an announcement saying I saw I had a crisis on my hands and they declared war saying the
 only way they wouldn't actually go to war with Belgium was if Belgium handed over a case of
 muscles and a case of Belgium beer to the rhinoceros, delivered to the rhinoceros is hind quarters,
 as they said. And the Belgian ambassador to Canada actually made an announcement saying,
 "I will hand this over. I don't want to create an international crisis." And they turned up in
 Montreal and they all met and they had a really great day eating muscles and drinking beer and you know,
 war was aversage. Wow, yeah, thanks. So we should really declare war on anyone who we want
 free beer from. Everyone, the champagne region? Yeah. They've been pissing me off for a while.
 Just about Brazil, which is where the rhino was elected and funny people are getting themselves
 elected. I find this so extraordinary. Recently, I think this year, last year, the highest number of votes
 ever recorded in a congressional election in Brazil has been recorded and won. And this was won by
 a clown called Tiri Rika. And so he's just been elected to Congress for São Paulo. And yeah,
 he's got the highest number of votes ever received by anyone in São Paulo. His election platforms
 included all his slogans included things like, if it can't get any worse, vote Tiri Rika.
 What does a federal congressman do? I really don't know, but vote for me and I'll let you know.
 If elected, I promise I'll help all Brazilian families, especially mine. And he's just a complete
 joke and got more votes than anyone else in São Paulo has ever. So that's amazing. They're really like
 jibbing at the proper election candidates, don't they? Yeah. Yeah. I'm presumably quite hard
 canvassing as a clown because you're constantly saying to people, "Check my hand." You don't want to be
 holding babies too much. I was really surprised by the fact that as someone who I've read tons of
 comedy biographies, comedians are largely my heroes. And so many comedians go into politics. There's
 a lot of in America at the moment. Al Franken, he was a Saturday night live writer. He's now a politician.
 Eddie Azard has said that he wants to run Russell Brand seems to be al Murray currently in the
 election we're not talking about. I was surprised though, there's an old comedian in America called Gracie
 Allen. Gracie Allen was one of the top comedians of her day in America, household name. And she ran,
 she went on a 34th city tour. She was running for president. She ran as a candidate of the surprise
 party. Kangaroo is her mascot. I love that, the surprise party. I also know the way you delivered
 that really deadpan. That's just a normal party name. You can have other ones, couldn't you like the
 sex party? No. Why was that the first thing that came to us? The fancy dress party? The house party,
 which is actually bad housing, very important. But this is what my favourite thing, just relevant to
 a conversation we had earlier. So she had a Kangaroo as a mascot and her slogan was, "It's in the bag."
 So speaking of famous people becoming, going into politics, of course Ronald Reagan was a famous
 actor before he became president. But when he was running, the TV stations couldn't show his films
 because if they did, they would have to allow equal time to the other candidates. So if he has a
 movie, which is like 90 minutes long, the other guy has to have a 100 minute party election broadcast.
 I think they should force one of the other guys to make a film, to be in a western all of a sudden.
 That's a great idea. Ronald Reagan's Secretary of State was called Donald Reagan, wasn't he?
 Okay, one similar thing, which is some animals vote in their own elections. So they're not getting
 votes in our elections. They're doing their own things. So monkeys have police.
 Well, they have their equivalent, let's say. So they have peacemakers who, when there's trouble,
 will kind of come in and sort it out. Which sounds like they're more like UN peacekeepers.
 Yeah, they are a bit like that. But unlike the UN peacekeepers, they're democratically elected.
 And inferior monkeys bear their teeth to a more dominant member of the group to get elected.
 Wow. And once they're elected, they have responsibilities such as breaking up fights.
 And if you remove the peacekeeper from the group, then all sorts of nonsense happens.
 And everyone goes crazy. That's amazing. Another animal who votes sometimes is buffalo.
 So if you have a load of buffalo in an area and they need to decide which way to go,
 they'll all kind of stand up in turn and then like do a little stretch thing and then they'll
 sit down and then put their head in a certain direction. And then once everyone's done that,
 whichever direction is the most common, the most democratically chosen, is a direction they'll go.
 How do they, can they see? They can see, they have no, but how do they see how everyone else is voting?
 Because normally you have someone looking over. Yeah, you're right. I don't know if they have
 like a person like collating the votes. Yeah. Can you spoil your ballot by shoving
 ahead in the ground or something? Yeah. Okay. Has anyone got anything else before we move on?
 Just speaking about political animals, like, you know, non-humans.
 So I got really into reading about David Cameron and George Osborne's pets and their
 relationships with each other. And they really do have a fascinating relationship. So basically there's
 the official Mauser, isn't there, traditionally, who is the Prime Minister's cat, who's supposed to
 keep the Mauser out of Downing Street. So that was Cameron's cat, who is called Larry. It was
 reported last year that David Cameron has rebuffed calls for Larry to resign because he's too lazy.
 There was a Prime Ministerial dinner recently and a Mauser appeared at it. So Larry's obviously not
 doing his job. There were photographs taken of Larry, who was just lying asleep in the corner for
 the entire duration of that dinner. So Larry fat cats in government. But George Osborne's cat
 Freya was a stray and is an awesome Mauser. So ended up sort of taking over from Larry. And Larry and
 Freya became joint Mausers. I think Larry was sort of, you know, the face of a cabinet
 Mausing. But Freya was doing all the hard work and catching all the mice. And Freya used to appear
 all over London and used to have to be taken. Why didn't Freya used to appear all over London?
 She just liked to wander. She used to be a stray. All right. Sorry. I think I'm in an election
 event and things like that. That's kind of sound like the Cheshire cats as well, isn't it? Just to clear it.
 There were also sounds like you know when a president or a Prime Minister is visiting your house,
 the sort of secret service come and do a swoop of the house. Freya comes to the mouse fun,
 but that's good Cameron. You're good to go mate. No, I was here. Larry used to see being in the
 boot of the car again. Yeah, classic Larry. So Freya was once found wandering the streets of
 Vauxhall by a woman at about five in the morning. He was working for a homeless charity who was trying
 to help out homeless people who were sleeping rough. So she found Freya and she called up the number
 on Freya's. It was like, oh, it's a chance to check it. Come and pick up your cat, please. And she
 was quoted as saying, I did find it slightly ironic that I've been up at five a.m. trying to help
 24 people who've been sleeping rough in Newham and we couldn't find anywhere to send them.
 And then this cat gets show for driven home. And she did use it for some strong political
 satire as well. She tweeted found on the streets of Vauxhall, not everyone is as lucky as Freya.
 George, please stop cutting homeless services. So if you want to make a hearted and political point,
 I think find an MP's cat. And then also it sounds like Freya needs a Twitter account to rebuttal and say,
 oh, what? So I'm not worth going back into her house because she kind of sounds like she's pissed off
 at Freya. You're right. She's taking out on Freya who's really the victim. So Freya's written
 and I've been sent away to the countryside because they got a dog. I think that means Freya's dead.
 That's another euphemism isn't it? Oh my god. I bet that's true. All the news reports say that she's
 been sent away and looked after really carefully by a member of staff and the countryside because
 the family got a dog. The nation with the classic lie.
 Hi everybody. And again, just in the middle of this podcast, we've had some more abusive tweets about
 our used to square space. Just thought I'd share a couple with you. Beautiful design. I absolutely
 think so, but it has no place in a podcast. That's from @coolguy123 and another one, only $8 a month,
 bargain exclamation mark, which I am not interested in hearing about. Unsubscribe. That's from @malakimanga.
 So thank you very much for those tweets. Do please keep them coming in and don't forget we are sponsored
 by Squarespace. Okay time to move on to fact number three. That's my fact. My fact this week is Finland's
 parliament sometimes makes decisions in their sauna. Oh, political decisions. Political decisions.
 Oh, just decisions like, should we get out now? No, they love sonas. They love sonas. So they have a
 sauna in the parliament. Yeah, they do. Their parliament has a sauna. They just absolutely love
 sonas. I found this amazing speech by guy called Mr. Bertie Tostilla. He's a secretary of state
 and he gave the speech at the International Sauna Congress, which they have and this was in 2010
 and it was actually in Tokyo that he gave this. So I'm just going to read you a bit of his speech.
 Okay. Ladies and gentlemen, there are about 3 million sonas in Finland, more than one for every
 two of the 5.3 million Finns. And did you know that Finland is a country where there are more
 sonas than cars. Practically all the houses in the rural areas have saunas of their own. It's
 hard to imagine a finished summer cottage by a lake without a sauna. And he goes on into talking
 about how Nokia has built saunas for their employees in their company gyms. He said Finns carry
 their saunas with them wherever they go. All the 98. Yeah, they all the 98 finished diplomatic and
 consular missions in different parts of the world have their own saunas. Oh, okay. So yeah,
 that's not by leading. Our representatives here in Tokyo take pride in their two saunas.
 The embassy saunor in Tokyo was the first Finnish sauna built in Japan, but certainly not the last one.
 I'm sure there are many Finnish saunas in today's Japan and the Japanese guests and friends
 keep queuing to them. They love saunas. Yeah, I got it. Although apparently this was a statement made
 by a statement, a comment made by Oli Rein, who's a Finnish politician who's serving as a European
 commissioner for financial affairs. And he said that with increased emphasis on gender equality,
 it's becoming harder and harder to have political discussions and meetings in saunas,
 because they are naked saunas. So Finns don't gender mix their saunas, men or saunas,
 and a different saunata women. I guess there is something nice about doing a debate with all your
 clothes off, because it's like you're naked, you're kind of letting yourself be shown as you don't
 have anything else around you. There's a story about... I mean, I don't want to see it in the British
 parliament. Particularly. Yeah, let's not introduce it to podcasts or anything, but...
 What do you mean? There's a story about Caesar doing that in the Roman Senate. I think it was.
 He, someone said, "He's got a knife in crocodile dundee." And he lifted up his toga to show his thigh
 where you would apparently keep a knife, and there was no knife there, so that was a toilet.
 But that's pretty saucy. It's saucy. You could have done with the knife, considering what happened
 later, to be honest. Um, Christian. That is, you know, ancient Roman satire just doesn't cut it.
 Oh, yeah. What are you going to say? I was going to say that during the Cold War, um,
 Christian visited Finland for the president of Finland's 60th birthday and the two of them stayed
 in a sauna till five in the morning, and they came out and they'd resolved a whole bunch of
 international issues. Um, so, um, Christian of came out and expressed his preparedness to support
 Finland's desire to integrate and cooperate with the West, which was obviously quite a radical
 thing for Finland to want to do at that stage. So, yeah, stay up till five a.m. and a sauna with a
 Soviet and they will give you concessions. That's a long time to be in a sauna.
 I mean, they might have gone at 4.30 a.m. I actually don't know the start sign.
 So that Prime Minister would have been a whole kekenen, right? Yes. Um, so the good thing about
 kekenen is in the 78 elections, uh, he won, obviously. Uh, and they had a thing where they read out the
 vote count on the radio, as in they read out who everyone in the country voted for. What?
 And they did it in groups of five. And so there's like this long standing kind of joke in Finland,
 which is like kekenen kekenen kekenen kekenen kekenen kekenen kekenen kekenen kekenen kekenen kekenen.
 Can you imagine that? That was been the best radio. Well, not the best, but, you know,
 it's mental. Did they just not have any creative programming ideas for a few weeks?
 I think it was to show, like, show that there wasn't any dubiousness or anything. They're saying,
 right, the here are all the votes we're going to count them all. All right, because you can't lie in
 an extra kekenen. It must be very hard to read out as well, because presumably if you lost count half
 way through. Yeah. Oh, my god. Imagine we're going to have to start again. Or if they say this time,
 definitely, definitely, you know what they say, ninth times the charm. Kekenen kekenen kekenen. So when this
 is true about them taking them overseas, so as when finished troops have peacekeeping jobs overseas,
 they take a sauna with them, even if the country they're going to is boiling hot. So when they got to
 the Sinai desert in the 1950s, they took, they built 35 sowness with, including one which had wheels.
 And in the golden heights, they made sure that both the Israeli and Syrian ambassadors had access
 to maybe, though, you could use it. If you're in the desert, you could kind of go in there to
 cool down. Maybe. It's like a waste of water, doesn't it? In the desert. You're piling water into your
 sauna. No, I just think it's kind of like the fact that people in the North Pole use refrigerators
 to keep things warm, to stop things from freezing. That's amazing. So it's kind of like that, isn't it?
 Yeah. That is very cool. There's actually a hot tub in the South Pole, a natural one.
 A natural one. Yeah. Yeah. It's basically there's a volcanic sort of area on one of the islands of
 the South Pole. And the water is, it's naturally heated. And so people actually go, people who are
 stationed there go and actually sit in this natural hot tub. And the Italians over there bring
 their own jacuzzi anyway, because it's like, well, we'd rather have our own one.
 The jacuzzi brothers used to make planes and propellers. That was their original line of work.
 I guess it's jacuzzi really, isn't it? Yeah. Yeah, yeah, exactly. And then one of them had a son
 who was very old and needed, I think, the massage qualities that a jacuzzi would have. And so they
 rigged up a very, very basic jacuzzi. Just kind of a length of pipe bubbling through some water
 to help his son. And it kind of took off. Like their planes. So in Austria, there's a town called
 Lins in Austria. And there's a health and fitness centre there that has had to deploy undercover
 naked security guards to infiltrate its saunas. Not on the much cover, are they?
 They've got to stop, like, hand keep, hand keep going on in the saunas. So they're employed to sit
 there naked in the saunas. And then if people start fondly each other, they have to be like,
 I don't know where they keep their badge. They have people identity. Oh my god.
 Women traditionally gave birth in saunas. Did they? Yeah. Can you stop saying, I know it's the
 way we're supposed to say it? No, I can't. I never will. I never will. It makes me feel sick.
 Sauna. Sauna. Women traditionally gave birth in them because the walls of traditional smoke
 sauna were lined with sutt. And that had kind of bacteria-resistant properties supposedly,
 which made them a bit more hygienic than... Could just line the walls of a room that's
 a comfortable temperature with sutt. So in Moscow, earlier on this year, a man got his testicles stolen
 while he was in Corona. Yeah. Wow. He was... He put him down. You put him in the little lockers
 and you think he's going to be safe. You've got to put your pound in the locker. Yeah.
 It's a false economy not to put the pound in the locker.
 Was it, was it innocent mistake? Did someone else leave their testicles and he just picked up the wrong pair?
 Later on walking down the street, these are my... I'd lose feel a bit. Should I have them in?
 It might have been... Can you describe them any better? Oh, they're testicles.
 So look, it actually sounds like a really horrible night with this guy. He was... he started out in a bar
 and this woman approached him as I had talking to him and he explained to the new station that was
 infuriating him. We drank a beer together and then she suggested we go to a sauna. They went to a
 sauna and the next thing he remembers is waking up early in the next morning. At first, the only
 items he noticed were missing were... What is towel? Seriously, at first, the only items he noticed
 were missing were his cell phone tablet computer and some money. It was only later when he
 undressed at home that he noticed. Oh my god. He insisted on it. Oh my god.
 Do you ever get the feeling you're missing something? I've got my phone. I've got my keys. I've got my wallet.
 Oh my god. I know. That's a terrible story. It is really terrible. The new station
 did report though. Do remember that he did chose to go into a sauna with this woman he
 been a little bit and the new station reported it. That's not a crime. I didn't feel bad for making
 jokes about that now. Oh man. I know. I really hope he's not listening. I think he's laughing
 wherever he is. At every dinner party. Do you have to tell your bowl story. Come on. It's so boring.
 Oh no. These guys haven't heard it. Come on. How did he not notice it? They said that it had been
 done by a medical expert. The doctor said that it had been done very professionally. Yes. Wow.
 You can get apps that tell you how to do that anyway these days. So, can't we do ever stole this phone?
 This is why it is. They were about to just leave with the phone in the wallet and then they were like.
 What's this at? Oh wow. You couldn't. This is why those ads always tell you to check your
 testicles over a few months. Okay time for our final back to the show and that is Andrew
 Hunter Murray. My fact is that in British electoral history eight candidates have been awarded
 no votes at all in a general election competition competition. And the whistles blown. The gates are
 up. So this fact comes from a book. I don't know if you guys have heard of it. It's called the Book
 of Heroic Failures by Stephen Pyle and it's such a classic comedy book. It's the official
 handbook of the not terribly good club of Great Britain and when it was first published it contained
 an application form to join the club and you had to give your main area of incompetence and
 a subsidiary area of incompetence and the club was shut down after it received 30,000 applications
 from membership and was therefore too successful to exist. And before that Stephen Pyle the author of
 the book was himself expelled from the club for publishing a best-selling book. So this the first
 hero to achieve this was a guy called Lord Gava and he was standing as a liberal candidate in
 Rigat in 1832 and turnout was about 66% which was about 151 people in that constituency at the time
 and of the 101 people who voted everyone voted for the other guy. But there's a note in the
 electoral records because I look us up and it says Lord Gava was proposed without his knowledge.
 I haven't been able to find any more so he didn't really have a chance to campaign if he didn't
 know that he was a candidate. In Ghana in 1992 there were candidates who got zero votes quite a few
 of them even though they'd voted for themselves and so they didn't know how obviously it was
 the allegations were of electoral fraud but yeah. So they actually when I'm and said I've got zero votes
 and yet I voted for myself, how is this possible? Were you out of vote for yourself? Yeah you were
 alive. Supposedly in old American elections in the 19th century you weren't actually allowed to
 enter the polling building. Does that ring a bell with anyone? Did you just have to make a paper
 or a plan out of your thing and you had to pass it through the bars into the building and there'll
 be all kinds of crowds gathered outside. Isn't that pretty? Yeah I need to check it. You say bars
 it's and that's just reminding me of you do have pubs that are polling booths, don't you?
 In the UK. Because anything can kind of be a polling booth. Normally it's schools all.
 Churches? Do you say there was a bedroom? Yeah there's one person who it's there's a polling booth
 in the sun's bedroom and they get take the bed out and take all the furniture out amazing just like
 a local because they don't have a local pub or whatever I think it's amazing. Kind of selfish isn't it?
 If you're going to do that put it in your own bedroom. Are you going to bother voting? No.
 I six year olds really got energized about this election though. That reminds me of the fact that
 the division bell still rings in a couple of pubs in the red line and another pub near Westminster
 doesn't it? We should say what the division bell is. Yeah so the division bell which in the House
 of Parliament calls MPs to the House to vote. So that's still traditionally rings and still does ring
 in pubs near the House of Parliament. So the MPs who are drinking pints can be like oh whoops
 you daisies got to be at the in the House of Commons and cast my vote in five minute. Apparently
 when the division bell rings in the pubs tourists in the pubs think that it's fire alarms and
 frequently evacuate the building. Which is another advantage of going to those pubs. Yeah.
 It's a great way to leave. Yeah great way of getting a seat. This is quite a weird thing. Control of
 stuff. So if there's a dead heat in an election then it gets just in a general election in a
 constituency then it gets decided by either the toss of a coin or drawing straws I think
 or cutting a deck of cards. So twice running in 1988 and 1992 the local council has been
 decided by cutting a deck of cards. How weird is that? That's so cool. I really hope it was the same
 person who lost both times. This time I'm going to do it. Oh too long. Someone's rigged this deck.
 That's like Hong Kong. I got this from I have feelings as James's facts. I got it from our squire
 database. Political candidates in Hong Kong if they finish in a dead heat the election is
 decided by luck of the draw from a bag of numbered ping pong balls. I think they have ping pong balls
 in what do we do of that. I think in like the National Florida. Yeah.
 Bad news you've lost the election. Good news you're a millionaire.
 I think they have it in Florida and in either Texas or New Mexico there's one place where they do it
 from a hand of poker. It must be Texas. Texas old and yeah. But that's a game with skill in it's
 they deal one hand in it's New Mexico. New Mexico. Yeah because you couldn't have it would be good
 if you could have games of skill like whoever's best at boggle. Probably should be an MP actually.
 It's grip chess. Plastic sword fight. That's how we do it. Okay so just on some bad candidates in
 elections. Oh yes please. Have you heard of Bill Bokes? He was a Lieutenant Commander in the
 Navy and he was also the worst election candidate ever. He campaigned in 28 elections and got 7,700
 votes in total. Wow. Which is not very many. He lost his deposit all 28 times. In 1951 he tried to
 stand against the Prime Minister Clement Attlee but he accidentally stood in Wolfenstow East instead
 of Wolfenstow West. His party was called The Land See Air, Road and Public Safety, Democratic
 Monarchist, White Resident and Women's Party. Oh yeah. It was quite racist unfortunately.
 But he campaigned against mostly against traffic accidents and in favour of road safety
 and he bought an old voxel which he painted black and white to make it a mobile zebra crossing.
 So people would climb over the top of his car across the road. So yeah and in 1952 his election
 campaign involved fitting his car with a mast and a mainsail at which point he was arrested and
 fined for using a vehicle for advertising purposes in the centre of town which you weren't allowed
 to do then. Yeah and he said once I am nominated I don't go back to the constituency for one thing.
 I can't afford to. He sounds great. There's a great story I really like about a guy called John Wilkes.
 He stood for Parliament and barrack upon Tweed. But a bunch of people who heard this
 and they were the opposition they were like no way are we going to allow this guy to get in.
 So they sailed up the east coast to Scupper's plans. They basically chartered a boat,
 got into it and headed up to ruin his chance. So they were going to vote against him?
 Yeah they were going to vote against him. But he found out about this and he bribed the captain
 of the ship so instead the ship took them to Norway. But he still lost anyway. He lost anyway.
 Yeah he didn't, despite that tactical genius that he showed. So here's something else from the
 Book of Morocco failures. Would you like to hear about Matt Jack Mitten? Oh yes let's hear about him.
 You don't want to hear the other option? No no. All right.
 So John Mitten was 19th century aristocrat and he was extremely eccentric in a lot of ways.
 But one of the things that he wanted to do, everyone in his family got elected MP for
 Shroesbury. I was just thinking it's just the thing he did. If you if you were in that family,
 he's the Shroesbury House. Loads, loads. So him his father had done it, his grandfathers had it.
 So his campaigning seems to have mostly consisted of him walking around his constituency
 with ten pound notes stuck on his hat. And people could just come up and pick them off.
 And someone else would replace, you know, he had an assistant to replace and he knows
 that we're taken off. He spent £10,000 doing that, which was a fortune. Yeah.
 An absolute fortune. He won the seat by 384 votes to 287.
 Well these people are going cheap skate. Yeah, only the 20.
 And then on the first day he attended Parliament, it was hot and he found it boring.
 So he left and he never went back. Not nearly as interesting as walking you
 out town covered in ten pound notes. That's a weird job isn't it for his assistant.
 What do you do? I'm the ten pound note replacer on my boss's hat.
 We don't really have any vacancies for that at the moment.
 That's literally the only thing I can do.
 So another 19th century MP who I like is, well, he was from 1784 to 1830.
 The MP for Devon was a Tory called John Bastard who was then followed as an MP for
 Devon by his nephew Edmund Bastard. But what I like about John Bastard is his name.
 I hadn't thought about that. It is quite a funny name.
 Yeah. No Edmund Bastard, sorry, inspired the nursery rhyme Old Mother Hubbard.
 So why did they call it Hubbard? Because you can't teach children a song Old Mother Bastard.
 How did he inspire it? So yeah, his sister-in-law was someone called Sarah
 Catherine Martin who he instructed to run away and write one of your stupid little rhymes
 when she was behaving badly in the town or something.
 She was going out with it, floundering with the man she shouldn't have been.
 So he told her to go away, write stupid little rhymes, she wrote Old Mother Hubbard and that was that.
 Is that inspiring? Someone to write something? He was her muse.
 Who's the mysterious other person on your list? That's the Earl of Leicester who the fifth Earl of Leicester
 who was a member of the House of Lords. He didn't say anything for 22 years.
 He was going to speak about capital punishment and then he changed his mind.
 So that's all we have. We've turned it into a yaw in the last minute.
 Okay, that's it. That's all of our facts. Thank you so much for listening.
 If you want to get in contact with us about the things we've said over the course of this episode,
 you can get me on @tribaland. James @shaked. Andy @andruhunter. Anna.
 You can eat my podcast at qi.com. And you can also send just general stuff to @qipodcast.
 So those are all on Twitter. We've got lots of episodes you to listen to.
 If you head to nosuchthing as a fish.com, you've got all the backlog there.
 Also, if you want to sign up to our newsletter, you can go to qi.com/fishmail.
 We are going to be back again next week with another episode. We'll see you then. Goodbye.
 [Music]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
