 They don't look at it, but it won't look at it.
 Hello, and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming
 to you from the QI offices in Covert Garden.
 My name is Dad Shriver, I'm sitting here with Anish Zinski, James Harkin, and Andy Murray,
 and once again we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts from the last
 seven days, and in no particular order, here we go, starting with you Chazinski.
 My fact this week is that the first trampolines were made of wool or skin, and this is a thing
 that's called blanket tossing, and it's been practiced for the...
 My teenage boys for thousands of years.
 Okay, so blanket tossing is something that's been practiced by the Anupiat Eskimos up in Alaska
 for, we don't know exactly how long, but references to it go back to...
 On Google Books, they go back to the very early 19th century, and that talks about it as a tradition
 that's obviously been practiced for a long time, and it's a game they played where they'd get
 a wool rust hide, and they'd attach it with ropes to four poles, and then they'd have lots
 of holes drilled into the wool rust hide all around it, so people could get their hands
 through the holes and pull on the holes, so they pull on the skin, and then they dump
 somebody in the middle of the skin, and it's about waist height, it's suspended, and then
 when everyone pulls on the holes at the same time, then obviously the skin flicks upwards,
 and it throws the person on them up in the end.
 Wow.
 So we're going to say that counts as a trampoline, are we?
 I think I am for the sake of this fact, no I think, because it's attached to things at
 the side.
 People are holding...
 It sounds more like a, you know, when there's a fire in a building, and someone needs
 to jump out, and there's people below with that fire net.
 Those are really interesting, I didn't really know about those, or you see them in old films
 and things, there's one in Dumbo, isn't there?
 You know, in the circus show, there are all the clowns and he covers it off of a burning
 building.
 But Dumbo can fly.
 Well yeah, but they don't know that at the time they're planning the circus show.
 No, and also James Spoiler, very much alert.
 But anyway, we don't really know why people did this, it seems like a lot of people speculate,
 but it could have been, for instance, in order to, when they were hunting, get one
 member of their tribe raised up high so that they could see for a long way where the nearest
 new walrus was to kill to make their new trampoline, or whatever.
 That's an amazing idea, and then gradually they noticed that the people were staying on
 it for ages.
 Oh, it's just one more go, guys.
 I thought it's one something.
 I've read something about you've been framed, something like 40% of home video accidents videos
 that are sent in out of trampolining accidents.
 That doesn't sound true to me.
 It sounds so untrue.
 I don't know, because it's an occasion that you'd film someone being on a trampoline.
 I do see that, but from my memory of watching you've been framed it's usually cats and dogs
 doing stupid things.
 Oh, they weed out.
 They mostly take from the other 60%, but you can't just show incessant trampolines, people
 will get doors.
 True.
 But how many people own trampolines?
 I thought everyone did.
 Am I wrong?
 Do you want to hear a headline from Scotland in 2010?
 Yes, please.
 A man caught jumping up and down naked on a trampoline has avoided a jail sentence.
 Okay.
 It was a man whose surname was Byrdon, and he had his manhood in one hand and a cigarette
 in the other when he was spotted by the neighbor and a neighbor called the police, and he was
 arrested and charged with shameless indecency.
 Wow.
 And the prosecutor said he told police he had gone out to the trampoline and had masturbated
 himself there.
 So blanket tossing survives in some ways.
 And asked why he did it.
 Byrdon told officers just for the thrill of it.
 On the bus side, he did manage to win 250 quid when he sent in the video to you being framed.
 I was reading about the earliest modern trampolines, and I went to the Olympics website because
 they've got a history of trampolining on there.
 So the earliest that they have is 1934, and it was for astronauts.
 And the idea was to get astronauts used to the idea of what space conditions might be.
 It was the best kind of possible exercise for them to do.
 How many astronauts were there in 1934?
 That's a very good point.
 There would have been none.
 I thought NASA used them, but not in the 30s.
 Maybe the modern trampoline was developed in 1934, and the NASA started using them down
 the line.
 It was by two guys called George Nissen and Larry Griswold at the University of Iowa.
 And they came up with this idea.
 And the guy, George Nissen, he was traveling in Spain, and he heard the word trampoline,
 which meant the springboard, and he thought that's a good name, and he took it.
 So in Spanish, the word trampoline means springboard.
 And in Italian, it means stilts, isn't it?
 Not sure why.
 Wow.
 Those countries are arriving to the Olympics.
 Nissen always wanted it to be in the Olympics, but it wasn't until 2008.
 He was given the honour of testing out the first ever Olympic trampoline before the event,
 and he was 94 years old.
 Wow.
 He died a couple of years later, but yeah.
 He was really cool.
 His 80th birthday, apparently, had a big dinner party, and in the middle of the dinner party,
 he threw all the silverware aside and got onto the table and did a handstand.
 But AC.
 Wow.
 What a fun guy.
 You do get kicked out of the restaurant for doing that, especially if you're naked with
 a cigarette in one hand.
 Do you know how Nissen got the trampoline popularised?
 No.
 He jumped up and down on one with a kangaroo.
 The kangaroo?
 Yeah.
 He's a kangaroo.
 Does it go twice as high?
 Actually, this is interesting.
 You say that.
 You should all look up at home a YouTube video of a kangaroo that accidentally jumps onto
 someone's trampoline in America, and they filmed it, and it tries to jump off, and obviously
 it doesn't have the consistency the kangaroo expects, and it just faceplans into the ground
 in front.
 Wow.
 He had a higher kangaroo in 1960, and jumped up and down a trampoline with it, and apparently
 locked eyes with it for ages, and had lots of photographs taken, and this photograph went
 viral all around the world.
 And people thought, yeah, that looks great.
 They all hired trampolines and kangaroos.
 Was that like a bundle deal that you had?
 Travelling plus kangaroo for a 50-grid extra.
 No, they didn't.
 They didn't actually hire out kangaroos.
 He also tried to invent a load of games, and so one of them was called Spaceball, and what
 it was is you'd have four people on a massive trampoline, two on each side, and there'd be a wall
 in between, and the wall would have a hole in it, and you'd try and throw the ball through
 the hole, and hit a target on the other side of the trampoline, and the other guys would
 try and block it.
 Yeah, I think it sounds fantastic.
 Sounds like a trampoline version of Quidditch.
 In Australia, we used to play trampoline volleyball.
 That's so cool.
 Is it?
 Yeah.
 There's a lot of trampoline games that get played out in Australia that I'm seeing over
 here.
 We don't have so many trampolines.
 Australia's got so much space.
 You can fit them in.
 Is that why you've got so many kangaroos, you just bought a load of trampolines, as well?
 They all came with a free kangaroo.
 What do I do with this guy?
 Yeah.
 Okay, so some other things that you can make using walruses, as well as trampolines.
 So, walrous stomach lining was used for sales by Inuit people.
 The shoulder blades were used as shovels, and the penis bones were used to make houses
 to brace the walls.
 So, to secure the flooring in the houses.
 And also, there were some Inuits in St. Lawrence Island who used the penis bones to make snow
 goggles.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 They used them as tent poles, as well.
 Yeah.
 And this is cool.
 You would live in a walrus home, so you would stretch the hideout over whale rib frames,
 or penis bone frames.
 And the windows would be made of stretched walrus gut, or stretched penis membrane from
 the walrus.
 And the window in your walrus skin house.
 How is that?
 What does that mean?
 What's a membrane?
 Very thin piece of skin.
 A thin skin, I suppose.
 Yeah.
 They also, apparently, their whiskers could be used as nose pickers.
 And you would like your home using walruses in the lamps, and you would also turn the intestines
 into your clothes.
 So, you were completely living inside a walrus, and you would eat.
 Wow.
 They made frozen blocks of walrus meat, which they turned into.
 I find this impossible to believe, but I love it.
 And waste ledges, which you would eat as you went.
 Oh, yeah.
 Oh, my God.
 They, you know, Captain Cook's biographer says the closest he ever came to suffering a mutiny
 was when he tried to make his men eat walrus, and they all vomited, and said it was disgusting.
 Captain Scott, when he was in the Antarctic, I was reading about this the other day.
 He tried to get, they tried to eat seals when they were going down the Antarctic, but
 it was so disgusting, they hated the taste of it.
 So they boiled it really, really, really for ages to try and get rid of this kind of horrible
 fishy taste.
 Because they boiled it so much, it got rid of all of the vitamin C in there, and so they
 all caught scurvy.
 Oh, wow, really?
 Yeah, but they didn't know at the time that's what was doing it, but yeah.
 Wow.
 That's really interesting.
 But do you know how they hunt them?
 How the Alaskan Eskimo's hunt walrus, and how they have done for hundreds of years.
 They take a seal skin out, so apparently they're attracted to seal skin.
 They want to eat the seal skin, and they have it dragging behind the boat.
 Because walrus comes and then they kill it with a harpoon, and then in order to carry it
 back to the shore, they inflate it with a tube.
 And so the walrus just floats behind the boat, like a little inflatable boy, like a boy.
 Like a boy?
 Exactly.
 Do you know that their mouths have a vacuum force suction, right?
 When they eat seals, this is how strong their suction is, they can suck the skin off
 the seals.
 What?
 Yeah?
 That's what I read.
 Is that the best bit for the skin?
 No, they're trying to get to the meat, so they want that out of the way.
 So then they spit it out.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Okay.
 It sounds so dubious.
 It's what I've got another amazing sounding thing about walrus, which I almost can't believe
 is that they have these very strong muscles, and they can basically push their eyes out
 a bit, so they can either look forwards or sideways.
 I read that when they're attacking seals, one way in which to kill them is that they
 drown them.
 So they've got incredibly strong grips, and they grip around them with a hug, which
 often is confused a lot of humans, who, if they're in a sea world, that often
 confuses a lot of people because it looks very friendly, but actually it's a really solid
 grip, and they take you down.
 I just imagine being in sea world, and you're like, "Oh look, that walrus is kissing that
 seal, and then it rips its skin off."
 Oh my god.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two.
 That is Andrew Hunter Murray.
 My fact is that one suggested solution to the problem of storing nuclear waste for thousands
 of years is putting up warning signs with Edward Monk's The Scream on them.
 So this is particularly at New Mexico's waste isolation pilot plants.
 There are loads of nuclear storage facilities all over the world, whether you store all the
 waste that you get from nuclear power plants, and the problem is that so far, I think the
 whole industry has generated about 300,000 tons of the stuff, and it has to be protected
 from all lifeforms for about 100,000 years.
 And I mean, it's 10,000 years since we invented farming, and some of it lasts for a million
 years.
 So the idea that we're going to be able to clearly say to future civilisations.
 We can hardly even understand Shakespeare and Chaucer and stuff.
 Yeah.
 I know the Pyramids are 5,000 years ago, and we know what Herodless mean, but it's taken a lot
 of work.
 But the idea is, I guess, and it does kind of make sense, right?
 The Edward Monk's The Scream, or however we're pronouncing his name, it just does look like
 a human who's terrified, and you imagine that, unless we really physically evolve out of
 looking at all like ourselves, it probably still won't have any experience.
 I don't know, because that emoji, which is a bit like the screen where he's got his hands
 next to his face, that almost means, "Wow!"
 Oh, yeah.
 So what have you done?
 I've been using that wrong.
 In just 50 years.
 How have you like?
 What are 50 years from now?
 That means awesome, cool thing.
 Yeah.
 Great rollercoaster, right?
 Yeah.
 So they haven't actually done this, but this was one proposal, and there were other proposals
 included, things like making a whole landscape nearby, full of jagged concrete spikes to make
 it this horrible, foreboding place.
 I saw that suggestion, but then someone said there's a very big problem that usually when
 you make big ugly things, they just get destroyed by the next generation.
 Right.
 Yeah.
 But the problem is, it's all, we have no idea what future societies are going to be like.
 They might find ever mugs painting the screen unbelievably sexy and enticing.
 Yeah.
 That might be what an attractive person looks like in 2000 years.
 So it's a huge philosophical problem, and actually the French nuclear agency is called
 Andrea, and it has a special memory division, and their job is to deal with these problems
 and to think about them.
 Yeah, there was one guy who said, "My job is essentially to communicate with people
 in the future," which is the coolest job, and I liked, I think it was him who was pointing
 out one of the ways that things could be misinterpreted in the future, is if we drew
 a little comic above dangerous sites, which showed a little diagram of a man walking into
 a barrel of radioactive waste, and then the next one was his head exploding or something,
 and the next one was his coffin, actually, in the future they might read backwards.
 So they might think that it's something that brings you back to life again.
 They might think that if your head's exploded, this is a thing that gets the pieces of brain
 from all the different parts and puts them all back together, and you definitely want
 to dig that up.
 That's like my parents, when they moved to Hong Kong, they lived on Redneck Cellar Road,
 and no one could work out what Redneck Cellar was, they just had no idea, it turns out that
 it was actually Alexander Road, but the person who was Chinese who was making the sign obviously
 wrote from right to left, so Redneck Cell was very famous as an early example of that happening.
 You guys must have all found that other thing about making GM cats.
 So what you do is you genetically modify cats so that whenever they see any radiation,
 they change colour.
 Then you also make a nursery rhyme saying, "Little cat, little cat, if you change colour,
 we're all going to die," and so people remember the nursery rhyme and see a cat's change
 in colour and think, "Oh, shit, that means we're all going to die," and so they stay away
 from the radiation.
 This was a thought experiment, I think, wasn't it, by philosophers in the 80s, from Swabasti
 and Paolo Fabri.
 Yeah.
 I think the idea was that we've always, in human culture, been really interested in cats,
 and they've always been important to us as symbols, so if we go way way into the future,
 we can be reasonably sure, they think, that humans will still be watching cats and
 still be taking note of them, and when they start glowing, they'll still be.
 There's no good way of doing it, I don't think we are going to crack this.
 I really like the idea of just making it really boring, so people don't want to go there.
 Yeah.
 They're just making a completely wasteland, nothing there, put it 400 metres down, and hope
 that no one's going to go 400 metres down.
 It's just such a long time, that's the problem, you've no idea what's going on.
 Or fire it into the sun.
 Well, it was discussed a lot, wasn't it, firing stuff into space, and I think the fear
 was that if there were an accident in the atmosphere, and we had hundreds of thousands
 of tons of radioactive waste on a craft that then exploded, it would just rain down
 upon us.
 It would feel so, so stupid.
 Do you feel like an idiot?
 Not for long.
 But...
 I quite like the idea of the comic book, but then also having some kind of, you know, cracking
 of an egg, so you can see the direction that time goes.
 Do you know what I mean?
 So there are some things which are definitely one directional in time, due to entropy.
 So you could put those in the same direction as the comic book, and then they would realise
 that they'll have time travel by then, James.
 But then, surely, we could just go forward in time to where they are.
 Oh, just tell them.
 No.
 They'll have time travel.
 Well, when they come back here to 2016, which was the most interesting year in the whole
 of history, we can just go, oh, by the way, although that case, what are we worried about?
 We should just wait for the time travel.
 If there can't be people that do even develop time travel, I don't think they deserve
 to say these people.
 Here's something.
 I love the idea of time travel is finally coming back, but just being seriously pissed
 off with us.
 It's an opening line, dude.
 Was that weird scream guy you were supposed to say?
 Don't go into a massively radioactive, or do you put a picture of the most attractive woman
 for the 5 millionth century?
 So the scream?
 Yep.
 Yep.
 That guy is not screaming.
 Well, the scream is not coming from him.
 The whole point of that painting is it's a scream coming from nature, and he's kind of
 covering his ears to keep out the scream that's coming from nature.
 Do we know what he meant by a screaming?
 I read something that he said, "I was walking along the road with two friends.
 The sun was setting, suddenly the sky turned blood red.
 I paused, feeling exhausted and leaned on the fence.
 There was blood and tongues of fire above the blue, black fjord and the city.
 My friends walked on and I stood there trembling with anxiety and I sensed an infinite scream passing
 through nature.
 So it's almost like an anxiety attack, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 So after the eruption of, is it Cracotella?
 1880s?
 Yeah, so there had just been a volcanic eruption in Southeast Asia and so all the skies were
 quite weird and red and strange and they think that's where that came from.
 Well people's face is also suddenly going weirdly curvy.
 So I didn't know he did four versions of it.
 I'm one of the three ones, green two, green three.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that Karl Marx used to do London pub crawls.
 So London pub crawls, for anyone overseas, that means jumping from bar to bar in a single
 evening and having a drink at each of those bars.
 He managed to do 18 bars.
 So this is Karl Marx, who I've always associated as a deep philosophical thinker and not someone
 who was a pisshead.
 They went all the way up Tuntland Court Road, which is very close to where we work and there's
 not as many bars these days on it that were 18 in his day and they managed to do it.
 And at the end, they got all ladish and started breaking stuff in the street throwing rocks
 at lamps.
 Well, they had a bit of a sort of xenophobic brawl with a bunch of Englishmen and a pub,
 didn't they?
 So Marx is one of the people that Marx is on this bar crawl with who is Wilhelm Legnecht
 wrote about it later.
 And so they got into some chats with some British guys and a pub and it all started off
 very friendly and then they sort of started debating politics and he noted that at one
 point the British people, when they said Russian, they usually meant Prussian.
 It seems Russia and Prussia are frequently confounded in England, which feels like classic English.
 Russia, Prussia, whatever, completely different places, obviously.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, then they decided to claim that Germans were culturally superior to English people
 and so I think the English people decided to fight them, wanted to fist fight and they
 scarpered and then they decided to smash up some lamp post as they ran away.
 Do you know that Karl Marx, when he went on honeymoon with his wife, Jenny, took 45 books
 with him?
 That's so insulting.
 It's so rude.
 Unless they were books on the art of good sex.
 I don't think they can all have been.
 No, you've been in there with that many.
 In my experience, you only need a few of those, but they can't any holiday.
 Do you know, Jenny and Marx had four daughters who were born, three of them, five to adulthood,
 and they were all called Jenny, bizarre.
 Oh, really?
 Yeah, and then the son that they had is called Edgar, after Jenny's brother, weird.
 I think my favourite thing that I read about Karl Marx is that obviously he's buried
 in high-gate cemetry and I've been to it, you can, if you live in London, it's worth going.
 Huge, huge tombstone with his head on the top of it.
 And what I love is that there's constantly reports being made that Marxists who go to visit
 him are furious that they have to pay to get into the graveyard and none of them realise
 that when they get there.
 I think he's buried next to Herbert Spencer.
 He's covered him.
 He's the philosopher who had an angry suit.
 He got a suit when he was angry.
 And he also had theories that were very different to Marx's, so in Russia is always a joke that
 these two people are buried near each other and they're kind of arguing after death.
 Oh, really?
 The other joke is that Marx and Spencer.
 Oh, yes.
 I think they're opposite each other in fact, looking at each other.
 Yeah.
 Do you know Marx's biographer said one of his personal habits to inspire his creativity
 was to stand up to, he'll be at a table working and he'd stand up and he'd start walking
 around the table and he'd just walk faster and faster and faster and faster.
 And he found that was the way to make ideas come to him, just starting to be renting around
 the table.
 It just sounds like you'd pass out.
 I think he had a lot of boils on his bum as well.
 He did.
 Throughout life.
 So he found sitting incredibly hard, so.
 Can I make sense?
 Those two facts been connected?
 Yeah, exactly.
 Yeah.
 Although they did, they do say that he would do the walking around as soon as the idea came
 to him.
 He would immediately slam himself into a chair and start writing.
 That doesn't sound like something you'd do with boils.
 With boils.
 You gently slide in.
 Slytherin.
 Slytherin.
 Slytherin.
 That was one of the pubs he went to, actually.
 Yeah, the skin disease he had was really debilitating and he wrote to Engels saying he had boils all
 over his penis.
 That was a nice letter to get.
 He had an Engels maybe who was there with a friend going, "I have this philosopher, Marks,
 I know what I'm saying."
 I just got letter from and he should read it.
 He's an incredible brain.
 From each according to his ability, to each according to how many boils the lacer has on
 their pit.
 We saw a letter of his just a few days ago.
 You and I were at the British library and they have this incredible treasures room where
 they have original writings from Dickens and Thomas Hardy and everyone.
 God, is every single person you'd want to see the handwriting of?
 Yeah.
 You'll see it there in this room.
 And they have a letter from Marks to Engels and they used to write in pseudonyms.
 They used to have...
 I'm not surprised to hear that most of what they were writing about.
 Just on pub crawls.
 Uh-huh.
 Yeah.
 Uh-huh.
 Uh-huh.
 There is an Oliver Reed pub crawl in Wimbledon, which is my hometown.
 Yeah.
 And it's eight different pubs and the record for it is two complete laps, i.e. 16 pubs
 having a pint in each and it is held by Oliver Reed.
 After he completed the 16 pubs, he threw up on Steve McQueen.
 [laughter]
 Good name.
 Um, have you seen these guys, um, who are trying to go to every pub in the UK?
 No.
 No.
 There's a group of guys, um, they're known as the black country ale testers.
 So I assume they're from the middle in somewhere.
 Uh, and they've done over 18,000 pubs in the UK, including every single one of the 3,905 pubs
 in Wales.
 Wow.
 Okay.
 There used to be more of them and then I think one of them died and a few of them stopped
 when they reached 18,000, um, but some of them are still going.
 Wow.
 There was an interview with one of them in the newspaper and he said, "Now a day is I try
 to limit myself to 1,500 pints a year."
 [laughter]
 Well, that is restraint if I ever heard it.
 But they don't think they'll ever get every single one in the UK because it's just too many.
 Because they just keep making new ones.
 There's a similar, uh, problem that is had by the woman who's visited the most weather
 spoons in the UK.
 This woman called Mags Thompson and she's been to 972 and that was out of 2014, I think.
 But she says it's just very hard to keep up because they keep popping up everywhere.
 [laughter]
 Well, they all at the same night and then she vomits it on Stephen Queen.
 [laughter]
 She said, "It's a good conversation point.
 If I meet someone from say Swansea, I can say I know Swansea.
 Nice weather spoons there."
 [laughter]
 [music]
 Okay, it's time for our final fact of the show and that is James.
 Okay, my fact this week is that there is an insect in New Zealand who catches its prey
 by pretending to be a star.
 Which star does it pretend to be Stephen Queen?
 [laughter]
 No, these are glowworms, they live in a cave and they all live on the ceiling and there's
 loads of them and they pretend to be stars in the night sky and there are other insects
 in there who navigate using the stars and they get confused by these glowworms pretending
 to be stars and then they fly into their lures and they get eaten.
 Yeah, it's amazing.
 It's pretty cool.
 And it requires serious cooperation unless you want to be a star on a really cloudy night
 then they're all working together, aren't they?
 Yeah, that's true.
 I don't think they do exactly the same, they don't do Ryan's belt and all that goes.
 [laughter]
 Amazing.
 But yeah, they just generally look like stars.
 So it's in the Wytomo Cave which is in New Zealand and I read this in an article on the
 online magazine Deep Look.
 There's a species called Arachnocamper luminoza and yeah, there's moths and stuff in this cave
 and there's like little bit of mucas coming down and the moths fly into the mucas and then
 they can gobble them up.
 Oh, lovely way to go.
 You should put up a picture on your Twitter because it looks unbelievable.
 I will.
 If you go to my Twitter @egshaped, I'll put that picture up.
 Yeah.
 I really like as well that the glow, they can change the glow.
 So if one of the larvae next to them has eaten, it just calms down a bit and if there's a hungry
 one next to it, it glows harder like this way.
 Wow.
 Come on.
 Yeah, it just puts out more glow.
 That's great.
 Wow.
 I think for most female glowworms, the harder they glow, the more eggs they have.
 So it is actually a good thing for a male to see a glowworm that's really glowing like
 hell because it means that she's more likely to be fertile.
 But by total coincidence, this weekend, I was hanging out with glowworms, which is
 weird because I don't think we've ever talked about them before, but yeah, I was in Cornwall
 in a place called Kajweth where everyone should go because it's one of the only guaranteed
 glowworm sighting places.
 Shot the people of Kajweth will love that now.
 It's got a very nice weather spoon.
 It does not have a weather spoon.
 But they are incredible.
 They do look like something that sci-fi has created and there's this one in particular
 I love that's called the railroad worm, which has a body that glows green and a head that
 glows red and it's called the railroad worm because it looks like a set of railway tracks.
 It's got little green dots up either side of its body that lead to a red light, but it's
 like a little worm traffic line.
 That's amazing.
 It's beautiful.
 Look it up.
 I was reading the UK glowworm survey website because there are, I think a few hundred places
 in the UK where you can see glowworms, but not as good as this one though.
 Yeah, and I think there's no words in the world that's like the white term okay but one
 of the headings on the UK glowworm website is, is it really a glowworm?
 And then it says, one cause of false reports of glowworms is actually light reflected from
 shiny leaves due on litter.
 Please check what you see really is a beetle with the light coming from the final tail segments.
 Not a solid vinegar crisp bucket.
 Because that's what they are, the beetles aren't they, they're not worms.
 So actually I think they're in a bit of trouble in the UK aren't they glowworms, a lot of
 them are dying out.
 I think they're improving a bit now, but for a while they did.
 One of the reasons is dog poo and apparently according to Nick Moise who's the assistant
 keeper at Derby Museum, he says the number of glowworms especially around him has gone
 down because dog poo creates more plant growth and they make it hard for the females and
 males of the glowworm species to find each other because there's so much plant life.
 That is fascinating and I'm going to take it up with Cajrith Council because they put
 a sign up on their cliff path which says, please excuse the overgrown path we like to encourage
 glowworms to hang out and breed here.
 That is obviously just an excuse for what lazy path clearance.
 That's interesting.
 Oh Nick Moise at the Derby Museum is wrong.
 So let's not jump to too many conglomerates.
 All the other two different species of glowworm.
 No, but I'd like to see a fight between Nick Moise and Cajrith counting.
 So I've been reading about various insects that live in caves and various animals so there's
 one you might like to know about which is a species of cave insect called Neo-Trogler and
 this is an interesting thing because the females have penises and the males have vaginas.
 Well, surely that makes some male and female, no?
 Well, no, here's the thing.
 So the female, it's a penis like organ, I think it's technically known as a gyneosome and
 it gets erections and it's spiny, like an old penis.
 So the female gets an erection in her gyneosome and the male has a vagina-like chamber, right?
 And the female inserts her penis into the male to hold it still and then it acts like a vacuum
 cleaner and it sucks out the male's sperm.
 Oh my gosh.
 It's like the seal mollus all over.
 You can do that up to 70 hours straight.
 Wow.
 Yeah, and the thing is, the-
 70 hours.
 70 hours.
 And the really interesting thing is that, I mean, well, that's the really interesting thing but
 this other thing.
 So they're locked together unbelievably tightly due to these bristles and spines and pouches
 in the males of gyneor and the bristles on the penis.
 So there was a scientist from Hokkaido University of his experiment and he tried pulling
 a copulating pair apart and the-
 Oh, why would you do that?
 Well, I know.
 I think that's worse because the male was then ripped in two.
 It's a bad end to a date, isn't it?
 You think it's going so well?
 And then, yeah, so that possibly means that males in the natural world can't actually resist
 the act of mating because they'll do themselves more damage.
 Sure.
 I looked at a couple of things on insect camouflage strategies or insects disguising themselves
 as other things.
 So one of the things I love is that spiders, which obviously aren't insects, disguise
 themselves as ants by lifting up their two front legs and pretending that they're antenna
 by waving them above their heads.
 So then they only have six legs, obviously.
 Yeah, then they've only got six legs left.
 And then they lift another two and pretend to be a cow.
 And then another two and pretend to be a human.
 They've found, not too long ago, that camouflage within insects has been going back very, very
 long-top.
 They've actually found, in amber, the earliest example of it.
 And it was found by a Chinese academy of sciences in Nanjing, by a team led by Bo Wang.
 And it's called debris camouflage.
 And debris camouflage is when you just carry, effectively carrying a leaf on top of you.
 But they've got examples of it where it definitely was trying to hide underneath the leaf.
 Just like, "Sell it, say if he leaves you and pretend it to be a tree."
 Exactly.
 And none of you has asked me why I've got an empty pack of salt and vinegar crisps on top
 of my head.
 Okay, that probably was a glow worth it.
 Orkids disguise themselves as wasps so that other wasps will have sex with them.
 Rather than just attracting the wasps to come and pick up pollen, they actually make wasps
 come and mate with them by emitting smells that smell like a wasp and making themselves
 look like a wasp.
 And 75% of wasps who land on these orkids do actually ejaculate.
 So they just go away thinking, "Oh, I successfully had sex there."
 Isn't that weird?
 I think they've just mated with a wasp.
 The good thing is humans, we have no idea what the thing is that is persuading us to have
 sex with it by mentally, successfully mimicking a human isps.
 If I found out that my wife's been an orkid all this time, we don't know what's out there.
 Okay, that's it.
 That's all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things we've said over the course
 of this show, you can get us on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland, Andy, @AndrewHunterM, James, @X8, and Shazinski.
 You can email podcast@QI.com.
 Yep, or you can go to our group account, which is @QIPodcast or go to our website, no such
 thing as a fish.com, where we have all of our previous episodes.
 We will be back again next week with another episode.
 We'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 [MUSIC]
 [MUSIC]
