 Hello club fish members welcome to another piece of bonus material
 It is another compilation of outtakes from all of our shows over the last couple of months before we went on tour
 One quick thing before we go on with a compilation and that is that you as a club fish member
 Are eligible to join our club fish discord
 Now what is a discord a discord is a place where you can hang out chat post videos post facts
 Do all sorts of stuff and we have our very own discord
 And you can get that by going to know such thing as a fish comm forward slash fish
 Cord so go over there and you'll see loads of fish fans
 And you might also see the odd fish member dropping in from time to time to say hi anyway
 Like I said, it's a compilation time so on with the compilation
 I
 Was to speak everyone I
 Think it was Emily from take who said that they sold to so we'd in her diary
 So we don't know if she was slightly exaggerating, but I do like in a diary that they did what I guess we all do
 When you work places or when you publish books today, which is send them out to famous people desperately hoping that they'll tweet about
 They didn't sell any books, but they did write to words with Kola Ridge Tennyson, etc saying hey
 Here's our book if you wanted to mention it in your circle, I don't think any of them tweeted about it
 Robert said he did he was the poet laureate poet laureate Robert so that he wrote back to I think it was a Charlotte
 And he said literature cannot be the business of a woman's life, and it ought not to be good on him
 That's you know
 I like to see him tweet that today
 One animal that's struggling due to a lack of drugs is the hippos in Columbia that used to belong to Pablo Escobar
 Do you know those guys? Yeah cocaine hippo?
 Yeah, so I met Pablo Escobar used to have all these hippos and then of course
 He died and the hippos went feral and now there's a load of hippos living in Columbia
 And they can't control them and one of the reasons is they can't get enough drugs
 They can't get enough
 Anesthetics because they want to castrate these hippos so they can't keep mating and keep making more hippos and the
 Castration part isn't that hard
 But you need to anesthetize them first and they just can't get enough
 Anesthetics at the moment and that's one of the reasons why they're proliferating so much
 But wait, we did my previous podcast that it is hard to castrate them
 I thought because they can move their testicles around. Yeah, they does but they can't do that when they're out of it
 I see even these guys. Yeah. Yeah, I see
 Right, it's like it's easy enough to castrate a hippo the challenges in stopping it from then castrating you
 Something that's slightly surprised me, but I guess it makes sense is that Queen Victoria used to do medicinal cannabis
 We are amused and we're hungry
 Yeah, so the doctor so Jay Russell Reynolds
 He wrote that in 1890 when pure and administered carefully cannabis is one of the most valuable medicines
 We possess and it's thought that he was giving it to her in a sort of liquid form
 She wasn't sort of smoking doobies or anything like that
 But yeah, it's just quiet and bizarre
 Menstrual cramps, right? It was for menstrual cramps exactly is the is the belief
 Well, we said I think we did that on QI once and we said that she was she was a muggle because a muggle was someone that used
 Cannabis there's a really old word for someone who used cannabis and so yeah, Queen Victoria technically was a muggle
 No, I had a very small related Pablo Escobar fact after the hippos
 Which is that in the in the middle of Reykjavik there is a bar called Pablo disco bar
 Do you remember when we used to do our TV show no such thing as a news
 We would often get the boat which was down on the embankment
 I get the ferry all the way across the Thames to Greenwich and so across along along
 But actually across as well because we're going to the South Bank carry on
 Do do jump in if you have any more
 Points to add do you remember that when they came in they would always have the person with the lasso who had to
 I mean that's a skill
 Looping some rope round if you never sort of like dr. Canalbo for anything none of us has apart for you
 It is a highly skilled job and very few of you would be able to do it the first time I went on that boat by the way
 I went to the National Television Awards, which was that the
 02 yeah, but I had to wear a tuxedo
 Obviously, I don't own a tuxedo
 So I had one and I had one on the way and so I had to get on the ferry and
 Go into the toilets and change into my tuxedo on the boat going along the Thames
 They come off and I felt like James
 I was like well, it was the other guy who went in
 He was very slovenly looking
 Leave your clothes in the toilet to make it look like you've kind of killed in
 I've killed him and I'm gonna flush him down, but I'm gonna make him naked first
 I was I was on just on railways. Have you heard of ghost trains? Yes. Yeah
 Real ghost trains though true ghost trains. Yes
 I reckon dancing of a different kind of ghost
 I know you're talking about the empty ones. Yeah, the empty ones in the UK pretty amazing. They're not real ghost chains
 No, they're just trains that are empty. What okay?
 This is semantics now the point is they're empty trains and they run weird schedules and even the people in the stations don't know that they're real
 Yeah, what you can ask they can see them. Yeah, they know they're real when they see them
 No, no, but people at the station will frequently tell you know, there's no there's no there hasn't been a train here since
 1624
 To Aberdeen
 They know if there's a train coming they must do because otherwise they might stand too close to the edge and get sucked off
 The trains which run almost completely empty and they're very hard to buy tickets for like you get a ghost airplane rides
 flights
 That's to keep your schedule
 Two tickets to the airplane ride to New York, please
 Yeah, you have to explain what that's so yeah, those flights are kept those flights are kept running to keep the slots
 You know the airline has it's lots of ones keep and it's the it's a very similar thing
 It's basically they're a legal placeholder to stop that that line or that bit of the line being closed down
 Why would they make tickets hard to buy for them? No, they just don't they they don't know they exist basically so there were people
 We like to go on them publicized. Yeah, so they'll say I want to get two tickets to this train and they say that train doesn't exist
 They say I promise you it exists. Yeah, it's not on our schedule. So you can actually go on the ghost trains
 It's not as if yeah, they have to be empty, but it's really difficult
 Yeah, and it's not exciting once you're on because they aren't just a train if you're expecting a ghost on the train
 Of course, it's exciting to go on an empty train and the guy right the article that I read said you could cartwheel down the aisle
 And I didn't know that was a sort of thing that Brits wanted to do is it I once did a cartwheel
 At the BBC did you so doing a cartwheel as a yeah
 It's just like we're in a big sort of old room where there's a massive painting of Lord Reef
 And I was like I bet loads of amazing interesting things have happened here
 And I was the only person my wife was there as well, but there was not many others there
 And I thought why not I do a cartwheel she got it's gonna do his fucking car
 Is this airplane ride gonna be full or empty my husband will be right down the aisle
 So the Mayflower had to divert the Azores the Mayflower the robot the robot robot Mayflower
 Okay, yeah, does that happen a lot then do you think that a lot of ships divert there?
 Is that something I only say that because there was someone who
 James and I were researching recently who was rowing across the Atlantic and when stuff goes wrong
 In fact, I think it's what we talked about in the podcast previously when stuff goes wrong
 They get taken to the Azores
 Where are they off of Morocco? Oh, okay
 It's like the the last place you leave before you get into Atlantic proper, right? Okay, so it's quite a useful
 It's quite near the middle. Yeah. Yeah, I just wonder if there's like a seaside restaurant that sort of looks at upcoming
 You know cross Atlantic sales and goes, okay, we could we potentially could have a big, you know
 500 group are coming in soon. What if the Pilgrims fathers had accidentally ended up in the Azores?
 Is it possible that now the Azores would be the world's super power?
 Yes, I think that's the alternative history. We're all waiting for you to write. Yeah. Yeah, I found this article from
 2001 about someone called Jill Heinef
 She said I like them
 She said when she was deciding put new places to dive the way she does it is partly by looking at old
 Archival maps and comparing them to current maps and then looking at ancient writings to find out where sounds interesting
 So she's read back as far as Alexander the greats accounts of traveling through Egypt. I guess, you know
 500 years ago to go. Hey, that sounds fun. Alexander like this place
 She says that they found remains of Mayan sacrifices when they've been diving they found
 Ice age bears in Mexico extinct sloths in Cuba
 And actually you can study the desert by diving underwater as well. There's a place in the Bahamas called Dan's Cave
 It sounds pretty good doesn't it? It's 350,000 years old Dan's Cave
 And it contains sand that was blown there by the wind from the Sahara
 And there are like stalactites in there which are made out of this sand
 And obviously if you get some sand which is on the surface in the Sahara
 It might have pollution from nearby cities or something like that
 But if you've got it in this cave, which is 300,000 years old, then it's really pure sand from that time
 So it can teach you a whole lot. Oh, cool
 Have you guys seen Danielle Steele's table? Yes. No, she's a she writes. Is it kind of romances?
 Yeah, I mean they sell by the truckload. I mean, I've sold millions of millions of books
 Her desk is shaped like three of her own books as in it's like poops
 Like as it is as if she's tiny as if she's a borrower and there are these three huge books piled on top of each other
 And that's the desk she writes
 Danielle Steele's books on the spine they say Danielle Steele and then her biggest novels are on the side
 So is it in colour? Yeah, it's in colour
 It's really incredible. Can you not get your feet under it? Yeah, you can. She uses it. It's her writing desk
 No, I know, but I'm imagining if you've piled up three books and they're massive. Oh, they're not real books
 It's like this. It's hollow on the inside. I can't believe we're having to explain so much. Are they hollow? Yes, they're hollow. It's the desk. They're not real books
 I thought she could perfectly simulate of the books. You could open them up and read them. Is everything in her house like a book? Yeah, it is
 If you need to go to the toilet, you have to lift up the front cover of one of her novels. It's incredibly confusing. It's at least a lowest selling novel
 She said in the toilet. The toilet paper is just sheets from every one of those books
 This is something about prayer paraphernalia as it were and again, it's a medieval thing
 It's a brilliant study by someone called Catherine Rudi of St. Andrews University
 who found that you can examine medieval prayer books and calculate who's been praying and
 Which prayers were popular and which were boring by the dirt on the pages obviously because when whenever anyone touches a page
 That leaves a tiny amount of organic residue on there and she used to think all the densitometer
 Which I'd never heard of before
 Which aims light at paper and measures how much light bounces back
 so it's it's basically measuring the quantity of dirt and
 She found all these fascinating aspects of it from these different prayer books
 So when plague was huge prayer for since Sebastian anti-plague became a big thing. It seems very obvious
 Prayers for personal salvation were much more heavily used than prayers for the salvation of others
 This was another finding and she also found a prayer
 Which was an early morning prayer and the really interesting thing about it was that it lasted several pages in the book and the first few pages
 Only showed lots of dirt and the towards the end there was almost no dirt
 And what she thinks that shows is that people fell asleep halfway through this very early morning prayer
 Like you would be restarted it and then fell asleep
 Francis just the other day admitted that he keeps falling asleep while he's doing his prayers
 So everyone keeps noticing that he's just sort of his eyes are shut be slightly droopy and they think why I was really into this prayer
 It turns out he just admitted he's like
 And
 When he was sort of question that he seemed to justify it by saying Saint Teresa did it too
 Who was a 19th century French nun, but it sounded like he could only think of one other person to help justify
 He's nodding off and so on like autonomous vessels and AI and stuff
 In May this year
 We had the first ever commercial cargo ship that was navigated entirely by AI
 And what I mean by that is not that you've built a boat and it's deliberately AI
 They took an existing boat and shoved the AI in it and navigated with it
 And it went in Tokyo from Tokyo Bay to
 Somewhere near Oscar. I can't remember exactly where
 But it's pretty cool because in that time it had to avoid somewhere between
 400 and 500 vessels on that trip because it's such a busy area of water
 It's quite clever. That's really cool. That's incredible 500 miles is and wow
 Did it do the avoiding or is it mutual avoiding both? Well, that's interesting, isn't it?
 I think it the AI did the avoiding
 Yeah, but it could have just plowed through and they thought well, everyone's gonna get out the way
 Wow, that worked really well
 And how does AI deal with that thing that humans have when you meet each other in a corridor on a pavement?
 You dodged to one side and then you dodged to the other side and we'll go back to the same side
 That's a problem with like Teslas and stuff. I guess right isn't it with this?
 Well, yeah with any kind of autonomous car you've got to work out which of you's gonna move out of the way
 But I guess it ships have a rule you go you go to one side always. Yeah, yeah
 You've been on the you've been on alba. Yeah, you always go to the same side. Sure. Do you yeah?
 That's the rule of the ocean for us. See that's the rule of the sea as well. There's no one side to the sea
 If it's ships coming towards you left and right still exist, there are those sides
 What if Apollo 11 that had encountered? Yeah spaceship. Yeah an alien. Yeah, okay. Exactly. Thank you. Sorry. Yeah
 Amsterdam apparently has some of these autonomous boats. Oh, yeah, it's canals and they're called row boats
 Oh boats, so it's like robots, right, but also like rowing boats. Yeah clever, but probably potentially confusing very confusing
 Absolutely, they don't actually row themselves. That would be a really stupid kind of AI boat to design
 They don't know they've got a they've got a mechanical
 Oarsman yeah, you have to wind up at the start of the jet. Yeah, no
 But they're really cool because they can either be ferries so that you can sit in them and they can take you around
 Or they can be litter-picking boats. They've got some kind of capacity to store rubbish
 Or they can form into movable bridges, so they clasp on to other boats. That's really good
 And they just form a bridge because that's a problem with Amsterdam. There's not enough bridges
 Yeah, so the other boats know that they're going to be clasped onto or is it just an unsuspecting
 You know sailing boats just clutched and turned into a bridge
 They all have to be these row boats that join each other because they're like Lego basically they stack together
 It can't come under it. It's not a pirate
 I like the idea of it being in Amsterdam you have a few drinks
 You're wandering around and if it looks like you're going to get towards a canal
 It sort of runs in the way and lets you walk along it. You're just on a bridge
 Yeah, yeah
 We could do with one of those in London's one bit of the terms in London, which I don't know why there's not a bridge along it
 But row boats if you're listening or maybe a massive garden bridge
 We need to get someone in power
 Do the so at the rim pack which I'm sure you know what that is
 It's the kind of practice war games that are held in the pacific rims pack like the Pacific rim
 I don't think it is named after Pacific rim dance favorite film. No the rim as in where all the volcanoes are
 Pacific rim and these favorite film. Thank you
 You've brainwashed me into that coming above the actual Pacific rim
 Pacific rim one
 What's James's favorite film and James hasn't seen any films
 It's now everything everywhere all at once
 In another universe it's top of my mum will shoot. So anyway, you were saying yeah Pacific rim
 Fights out there. So rim pack is where they do simulated military games
 It's like the biggest military exercise international military exercise in the world at sea and this year
 There's going to be an exercise which is completely formed of uncrewed robot work
 It's a bit Pacific rim, isn't it like the movie to have a robot boats fighting. Yeah, I don't know
 All it means is large monsters coming up from a rift. I also haven't seen that film
 But I have heard Andy talk about it about billion times
 They are technically
 Because they've got two pilots. They tried it with one, but they can cope with a neural overload
 Well, they haven't got the monsters in these games
 But they're really cool the rim pack where they trial new technology and it's where I found out
 It's where they trialed in 2014 the leg squad support system, which is another robot
 Piece of military equipment, which I hadn't seen before it's also called big dog and it's basically looks like a huge
 Headless dog and it's for carrying military supplies in war. So it looks like a huge dog
 But it's like the size of a rhino or whatever and these are naval. These are no games
 Yeah, this I think they do stuff on land as well. Oh, sorry. Okay. I'm probably on the beach. It's a good point
 I think you might I think it's on the beach. Yeah, otherwise the dogs were drown
 They look so fun and they just sort of like gallop across the land carrying all your soldiers bags
 But they never worked because it turns out they were incredibly loud. They sounded like a giant swarm of bees
 Any enemy would know immediately that you were coming
 We haven't mentioned Anne Bronte enough. I just want to say
 Does she just gets a raw deal give us give us some stuff. She wrote two really good books
 She was the her book was the first Bronte book I ever read in fact
 It was one of the first adult books I ever read tenant of Wildfell Hall and it's stuck with me ever since good book. Yeah. Yeah, great book
 Actually, I read one thing saying that she was more famous in her time than her sisters for a period anyway
 And some people say because by the time that she died at 29
 Then she was more successful than her sister. She'd published two books that had gone pretty well
 Well, the main thing is that Charlotte Bronte was alive when Elizabeth Gaskell was writing the book about the Bronte's
 She did get a chance to kind of shape the story with everyone else posthumously
 Suddenly it was like all of her sisters relied on everything that she did
 Yeah, you know her story was the main, you know things. Yeah, I think there's a lot of that going on
 I don't know but also, I mean Jaina and Wuthering Heights are probably slightly better books. Uh, what? No, excuse me
 I think I think we can agree that if Anna thinks a book is the best book then that just means it objectively is
 I like it. Thank you. She must have had five typos on her gravestone. Really? That's annoying. Wow five errors
 And Charlotte went to she died in Scarborough, and I think she was buried in Scarborough
 But Charlotte went and corrected the grave. Oh, yeah, and even after like they got it got a new one
 They got a new one even the new one had more had another mistake on it
 So she died aged 28 when she was actually 29 when she died
 That's interesting because when you look at Wuthering Heights, sometimes you do wonder if Wuthering was just a typo, don't you?
 Even though everyone sort of claim now it actually does have this meaning wild and whatever
 Did you just mean to say Wuthering? Yeah, Wuthering Heights. It makes much more sense. I mean, what the hell is Wuthering?
 I've never please sign my petition to rename Wuthering Heights as Wuthering Heights
 It feels like it would be a very different book, doesn't it?
 I was reading about a few other unusual railways. You're the Vatican has its own railway. Yes
 What does it do? Does it just take the Pope? Just a Pope first. It's basically it's a 600 meter long railway with very high ceilings
 Carriages yes
 Papal hat
 Doesn't it go so it goes from the Vatican to his to a summer house, right?
 Yeah, I think it's slightly confusing because I think it does link to, you know, the Roman train station whatever
 But I think you're right
 It goes it goes to the Papal summer house and you can get in fact you can now buy a ticket and go on that train
 Very exciting. Only four popes have ever used it. John the 23rd, John Paul II, Benedict the 16th and
 The Bones of Pius X
 Transported using the papal railway. I think the current papers not use the railway as far as I can tell
 Because all the plebs are using it sounds like
 You got the pope you don't expect to show a railway carriage with random ticket buyers
 I'll tell you what Gregory the 16th must be really fucking pissed off
 Does Gregory the 16th? Yeah, I don't know if you know this forbade the building of any railroads in the Papal States. Oh
 He hated 19th century. I guess he must have been
 No, he was he was early 19th century and he called railways
 Shimane Delfair meaning roads to hell which is a pun on
 Shimane Delfair meaning iron road because they're made out of iron. That is good. It's a great for a pope
 That's interesting. Yeah, you're right. That's the yeah. Yeah, I mean, it's not gonna win any awards at the Dave joke of the year
 Edinburgh is it? I think it might be. It's a surprise entry this year
 Pope Gregory is
 Storming it. Anyway, Pope Gregory the 16th, he saw railways as a way that liberalism might infiltrate the Papal States
 So the world was becoming more liberal and he thought if we get railways and that's just
 Not bloody wrong because haven't they just started allowing women into certain positions in Vatican recently?
 I mean, they're always built in 1929 Anna. So that's a very long road to hell
 The hill that's right next to the Parsonage in Howarth is called Peniston Hill
 Which is spelled penis stone. Yeah, and while the word pen is like an old British old
 Welsh word for hill there's loads of hills that have got word pen in
 Peniston probably doesn't get its name from that. It probably gets its name from a game called penny stone
 Well, you would get a load of stones a bit like Patonk a bit like bowls where you would try and roll your stone and get as close
 To another stone as possible and lots of people did it lots people would gamble on it. It's really really popular
 And they people were playing it for about the 15th century and they named this hill
 Peniston probably around that time and the word penis didn't come into the British language till around the 17th and 18th century
 And so when they called it penis stone hill
 They didn't know that it was going to be a rude word because they thought it was just named after this gambling thing
 And now obviously it has one of those huge like white horse things
 Is that the the pennines like pen meaning hill and meaning hell. Yeah, are there nine? No, there aren't
 Penine as in an adjective. This is like a pen. It's hilly penny. Just it's called hilly. Yeah
 Well, have you guys heard of Rob fortune? He's the main guy responsible for English tea and English tea as it is today
 So he was a Scottish botanist again huge start like lots and lots of Scots involved in the early tea trade basically
 And he's the one who stole living tea saplings from China and transported them to India like industrial espionage
 Exactly like that and this is from a book called for all the tea in China by Sarah Rose which looks really really good
 And basically Rob fortune Robert fortune. He would go in disguise to Chinese tea factories effectively plantations of factories
 He had a servant called Wang who would go ahead of him Rob fortune was behind dressed as a Mandarin apparently dressed as a sort of senior official
 I mean if you see the what his fancy dress was and that's really what it was more than the disguise
 It was pretty remarkable. I believe that
 So I immediately pictured the fruit. I'm just gonna say
 So you shaved off his head
 And so he shaved off his hair and then he had his servant so on a pigtail that hung all the way down to his feet
 Yeah, he wore Chinese robes and only traveled in a sedentary
 And he thought that this was enough to pass him off as a Chinese person
 Amazingly it clearly kind of yeah
 And the idea being that China is so big that it wasn't out of the question that this weird
 Person with a shaved head and a fake pigtail could possibly be someone from somewhere else
 So his servant Wang would go ahead of him and say look, I've got a dignitary visiting from a very long
 Don't laugh at his pigtail. Yeah. Yeah, very sensitive about it. And will you accept a visit from this very wise official?
 He wants to see you know your tea factory
 And so he was the guy who transported the first tea saplings and he was the first westerner to realize
 Two things firstly that green tea and black tea are the same plant before that for a hundred years
 It was thought they were completely separate species
 Yeah, and secondly that Chinese tea makers were unwittingly poisoning their customers
 Because in the tea making process they included a chemical called Prussian blue
 Which and you know which could be poisonous, but actually it passes through the body
 But it does contain cyanide but that wasn't the harmful thing the harmful thing was gypsum
 Which was an ingredient of plaster and it was used to make the tea lovely and green
 But if you have it over a long period of time, it will do have
 Reasonably bad health effects for you. They were like cutting it with this stuff
 Exactly. Yeah, and it was to try and make it a lovely green flavor
 It was with you know, no no harmful intent whatsoever, but that was the that was the problem with it. Yeah, Rob Fortune
 Wow good nominative determinism, I think
 Yeah, exactly. What year was he? Did you say he made the journey in 1848 and when he took the tea plants
 He took them in front of the podcast wadi and the cases
 You would really have to have a memory and I've listened to all the episodes to remember what they are
 I say that's a quaint into the podcast
 I was looking up amazing divers. Oh, yeah, have you heard of a key out of ego?
 Yeah, he was a diver originally. Wow. Um, she
 So she is the only diver of her kind in the world she lives on an island off Sardinia
 Okay. Yeah, and what she is she makes sea silk. Okay, which is incredibly rare stuff
 It comes from clams secretions, right? So her job she dives down
 She trims the fibers which are growing out of the clams
 It's basically like clams have a little beard that they grow and they're made of secreted saliva
 So they've got this weird fibrous stuff and it turns when it hits seawater. It turns into keratin, right?
 She dives a hundred times to get 30 grams of strands
 It's incredibly labor-intensive and she weaves it once he's back up and it's dried
 She weaves it into this beautiful delicate linen and she no one else does it in the world. I'm not surprised
 Why would you look sounds completely thankless? It's three times finer than human hair, you know
 It's incredible and it's also family passed down. I think so she's she's and her daughter isn't sure if she wants to go into the family business
 So it's quite a tense time actually
 But her family's been doing this for 24 generations as in it goes back apparently about a thousand years
 This stuff is there's mention in the Old Testament this stuff
 But there's a problem well, it's not a problem. It's an opportunity in many ways, which is that sea silk she can't buy or sell it
 That's why it's because it's according to the tradition a master of this fine linen
 The sea silk linen only lives on offerings. So she's on the doll. She well no she lives
 Offerings from visitors it can be donated or received and so people come to her and they bring her offerings also her husband's pension helps which is good
 Yeah, and anyway, it's just she's an absolutely incredible woman and I just wanted to give her a little shout out
 Yeah, if you want to give some money to someone absolutely and you may be donated a tiny bit of linen, but you may be you may not be
 Oh, is that right? It's not one of those things where you go and you pay what you think it's worth like an adabra chair
 And you're like oh, that's a bit shit. I'll give you 20 page. She's been two dived 3,000 times to make this one doily
 You might find this fact familiar
 But it's that on a windy day in San Francisco Zoo strands of giraffe semen can be found floating on the breeze
 Yeah, I remember that fact now that yeah was posted on the QI boards by James 12 years ago
 So why why is it float? I actually go and collect that giraffe semen and make little dailies
 And you're very concerned that your child might not want to do that
 You know, you can go camping underwater these days on like literally under we've all been camping in Wales
 No, there's a thing called the ocean space habitat which invented in 2019 and it's basically an underwater tent
 Okay, it's an inflatable tent you go underwater you take it with you
 You set it up at a strategic point and it's weighed down and ballasted
 So it's in the same place in the water and you can take a break in there. That's really it has windows
 It has a seat. It has an oxygen source. It has a carbon dioxide scrubber
 But what happens when I wake up in the night and thoughtlessly unzip it to go to the
 I found the story about a cave diving rescue mission
 So this is back in 1907 and it was an Italian miner in Australia called Modesto varchetti
 And he was down in this mine, which was in Bonneville in Australia
 And suddenly there was this huge thunderstorm and it flooded the entire area and the entire mine flooded up
 Except for one tiny pocket that he managed to find and swim up to so he was stuck there
 They assume that everyone was dead
 So they thought we're just gonna have to just call quits here and just assume everyone who was in there is now dead
 But they started hearing through the ground a sort of miners Morse code this sort of very specific
 distress signal
 And to me if you could hear that presumably that means you were probably quite close to where it was coming from
 So they realized someone's alive. They don't know who they tell the papers and so on
 And so they enlisted two of the best divers that they knew of in the area
 And then someone else who was really clever and knowledgeable about mining which was President Herbert Hoover. Oh really?
 Yeah, who sucks him out
 That was his brother Henry
 So at the time he was working in Australia, this is pre-presidency and he was working for a lot of the mines
 Yeah, and so he had he had a lot of knowledge about it
 Also, they brought him in to sort of stand by and help to sort of work out what they needed
 Yeah, so they didn't have an air pipe long enough to go down
 So they sent for the closest one which was five hundred and sixty kilometers away
 Well, they knew that the closest longest one was and
 Australia man is just
 Yeah
 So far away and they they ordered and chartered a special train called the rescue special
 It's a 12-hour train ride
 But it cut two hours off the time in order to get there and then it was only on day five
 They couldn't fit it. They didn't have the fitting for the tap. It's annoying. It's 2,000 miles away
 Day five sorry day five at this point this guy is just he's floating for five days
 He's just still knocking the entombed man is trying to make his point that he's there
 The divers go in and they start making contact with him
 But they can't get him out because they've only got the pipe so they can't spread the oxygen
 So what they need to do is use machines to lower the water by sucking water out
 So that's what they started doing, but it was taking ages
 So in between that these two divers kept going back in to visit him and each time they would bring cigarettes and they would smoke inside there
 They brought letters one from Giovanni his brother so that he could just read a letter while he was in there
 Yeah, and food and lamps and so on eventually they got it down and he was so
 Absolutely, you know tired and just wasted away from no food and drink and they managed to walk him out and he survived
 And that's one of the first major
 Okay, that's it that's all of our facts
 I hope you enjoyed that compilation if there's anything you'd like to say to us about what you've heard
 Then you can catch me Andrew and Daniel on Twitter and our ads are at James Harkin at Andrew Hunter M
 And at Shriverland if you'd like to email Anna you can do that at podcast at qi.com
 And don't forget we have a discord
 It is a place to hang out to chat to other fish fans and fish members as well
 And you can find that and no such thing as a fish.com forward slash fish cord
 Hope you enjoyed the rest of the week and we'll see you with some more bonus material in two weeks time
 You
 You
 You
 You
 You
 You
 (upbeat music)
