 Hello and welcome to another episode of The No Such Things A Fish
 International Fact Ball brought to you by the QILs
 in association with visitingland.com.
 My name is Anna Tishinsky and joining me today
 are Andy Murray, James Hocken and Dan Schreiber.
 And today's match is Belgium versus Algeria.
 So guys, anything interesting about Algeria?
 Algeria is the oldest known country
 where magic mushrooms were taken.
 Ah, yeah, really?
 Yep.
 About 7 to 9,000 years ago, there is a mural
 which is thought to depict the species Silicaib Mary,
 which is the magic mushroom.
 It's also the first place that Orangina came from.
 It's the soft drink Orangina is from Algeria.
 It only became French after the country.
 It was kind of won in the war.
 The war of independence.
 What, so they, when they France gained Orangina?
 A lot of things that we think of French
 are actually Algerian, aren't they?
 Really?
 Albert Camus, here, Algerian?
 Yes.
 Was the goalkeeper for his Algerian university football team?
 No, we're really sucking.
 I'm not talking about football.
 Yeah, football.
 Yeah, sorry.
 Tarzan of the Apes was filmed in Algeria.
 It's a weird place to film Tarzan.
 They have very little jungle.
 They have, I think, almost 90% of Algeria
 is a Sahara desert, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 It is huge.
 Inside Algeria, you could fit most of Western Europe,
 including the whole of Germany, Spain, France,
 the UK, Poland, Italy, and Portugal.
 So it's pretty large.
 That's pretty big.
 But all their people, it's kind of like Australia.
 They're packed into about 12% of the land mass.
 Because all the rest of it is Sahara and desert.
 10% of the world's helium comes from Algeria.
 Are we running out of helium?
 Yes, yes, we are.
 That's why people's voices are getting deeper and deeper.
 There is more of a culture of women
 not having such a rough time in Algeria.
 But at the moment, women in Algeria make up 70% of its lawyers
 and 60% of its judges and 60% of university students
 are female.
 Yeah, I'm sorry, sorry.
 Someone who lived in Algeria until about the 18th century,
 they were known as Algerians.
 Really?
 Yeah, it was quite a nice word.
 Yeah, it sounds like a fruit.
 Yeah, exactly.
 And clementines come from Algeria.
 They were first grown in the North-Indian Algeria
 by father Clement Rodier.
 Oh, wow.
 Well, speaking of food, a bunch of Algerians
 publicly ate lunch during Ramadan to demonstrate against people
 being persecuted for not observing Ramadan.
 That's my kind of process.
 I can get on board with.
 Yeah.
 Pretty brave process.
 That was in August last year.
 That was August last year, yeah.
 OK.
 This is in 1999.
 149 Algerians died from scorpion bites.
 Wow.
 In 2007, in a marketplace in Algeria,
 one man was trying to sell a donkey to another man,
 and they were bartering over the price of the donkey.
 And they bartered for so long that the donkey ate the huge pile
 of cash that one man had brought to pay for the donkey.
 And they didn't notice until it all been consumed.
 And the case had to be referred to the supreme court
 in the end, because no one else could
 decide who the donkey therefore belonged to.
 Speaking of four-legged animals,
 there's one of the oldest traditional practices
 is ram fighting.
 People make rams fight each other.
 I don't think people fight rams.
 Oh, I thought it might as be where you ram into somebody.
 Yeah.
 St. Augustine, born in Algeria.
 Yeah, he was born in hippo, wasn't he?
 Born in hippo is the bishop of hippo.
 What's an Algerian city, hippo?
 Yes, meaning horse.
 What?
 Yeah, hippo means horse.
 So hippopotamus means river horse in Greek.
 Yeah.
 All hippos are actually horses.
 Didn't know that.
 Like a fancy dress party.
 Oh, oh, this is great.
 This is one horse in the front of the hippo,
 and there's another one in the back of the hippo.
 So there was an uprising in Algeria in 1856 of the Maribu people.
 And that was in French Algeria, it was at the time.
 And the Maribu people claimed they
 could perform what works of magic,
 and that was making them quite powerful.
 And the podium, the third-- French the podium,
 the third, obviously, wanted to quell this uprising.
 And so he sent the most famous magician of the era
 to go and prove to these Maribu people
 that their magician was more powerful than the Algerian
 magician, and they better chill out.
 Who was that?
 And that magician was Huda, who obviously--
 Who did?
 Who did?
 Who Dini's, the man who Dini took his name after.
 Indeed, yes.
 And he turned up, and he performed all sorts of incredible tricks.
 And apparently, he did intimidate the Algerians
 into submission.
 Yeah, did they use electromagnetism on a big metal box
 so that nobody else could lift it because it was held down
 by an electromagnet, and then he surreptitiously turned off
 the magnet and lifted it himself.
 I probably out of the magic circle now
 that I told you how he did that trick.
 Yeah, so that was--
 OK, it was an electromagnet book.
 You've already been excommunicated twice
 from the Roman Catholic Church.
 Now you're out of the magic circle.
 I know.
 You're going to have no more subs to pay by the end of the year.
 You're going to be very cheeky, doesn't it, 15 feet?
 And the largest meat-easing dinosaur known
 to have lived on Earth was found in Algeria.
 That's the Cuchero Dontosaurus Saharicus.
 It's a bit like a T-Rex only a little bit bigger.
 Small hands?
 Big heart.
 Dante, sorry.
 So that was the whistle for half time.
 So that's Algeria covered.
 And now we're going to bring you a QI quiz brought to you
 by visitingland.com.
 We've got three questions about England for you.
 Let's kick off with Andy.
 My question is, what is the only town in England
 named after a novel?
 It's also got punctuation in the actual place
 named Chaffee and other clue.
 50 Shades of Grey's in Essex.
 It is not.
 Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone.
 That's got an apostrophe.
 Yes, but it's only a book, not a town.
 Stone is a town.
 I don't even know what that is.
 Anywho, no time for guessing.
 On to the next one, no time for more guessing.
 Question number two from James.
 My question is, why did Mad Jack give everybody
 in Shrewsbury 10 pounds?
 It was a bloody nice guy.
 Thanks for that.
 And now to question number three from Dunn.
 Yes, the Queen of England could be addressed
 in a number of ways.
 But what does Brian Blessed like to call her?
 Brian Blessed being the Thessian actor
 with a booming voice for those who don't know him.
 And also for those who don't know Dunn,
 Brian Blessed being his main life obsession.
 And for those people who don't know the Queen,
 look at your back notes.
 Visit visiting.com, I'm sure she's reference somewhere.
 OK, thanks for that, guys.
 And that's half time over onto the second half.
 And we are going to find out some interesting stuff about Belgium.
 French fries, French fries, one country-made Belgium.
 Really, Belgium fries.
 OK, well, they had a French fries revolution.
 Is that just an occasion where they turned
 all the French fries around?
 Nice.
 No.
 But it was.
 The Belgium went the longest of any country
 without a government.
 So young people started what they call the free-revolutie
 with the fries revolution, because that's
 a symbol of the country.
 Yeah.
 And there were lots of ideas that were demonstrations.
 Protesters in Gent occupied one of the city's squares.
 And then the country which had gone
 longest without a government before that was Iraq.
 So they invited an Iraqi delegate to come and hand over a trophy
 as the longest running country without a functioning government.
 541 days they went.
 And they went without a government.
 I think Belgium has the world's only carrot museum.
 Oh, they have a lot of very weird museums.
 In Brussels, there's a sewer museum.
 There's a street lighting museum.
 And there's also the wardrobe of the mannequin piss,
 you know, that little statue.
 They dress it up every year.
 And he has more than 800 costumes, which you can go and visit
 in this museum.
 There's also an underpants museum.
 What's the earth?
 Yeah.
 It's a Belgian artist called John Bequay.
 Are we sure his mom didn't just visit his flat one day walk
 any good?
 This is disgusting.
 And he went, no, no, no, it's my museum.
 No, mom.
 And you didn't pay the admission fee.
 Yeah.
 The give shops are a bit weird, but--
 Speaking of give shops, Brussels International Airport
 is the world's biggest chocolate selling point.
 The chocolate selling location.
 So that's a mess talking about what it sells more than 800 tons
 of chocolate every year.
 Oh, I feel like I've been there.
 And I feel like they sell a lot of smurfs as well.
 Smurfs were invented by a Belgian, right?
 Tintin as well, Belgian.
 It's he.
 That's cool.
 I believe so.
 Oh, he's based on a real-life war correspondent
 called Robert Sexay.
 That's all I know about Tintin.
 Amazing.
 Also, duffle coats, a Belgian.
 Oh, yeah.
 And the saxophone invented by not Robert Sexay,
 but Adolf Sax.
 Yes, and he has a museum in Brussels as well, which I've been to.
 They have a lot of very small, specific--
 they're quite like celebrating quite weird things
 in their museums.
 I like it.
 Yeah, I went to the Sax museum and was very disappointed
 when I went through the dark.
 There were a live sax show happen.
 But the thing is, it was an amazingly controversial thing
 for him to invent.
 So on one occasion at a show, before it was displayed
 as this new invention, they kicked one
 of his saxophones to death, so badly to death.
 Yeah.
 They kicked one of his saxophones.
 So it was so badly bent out of shape that he couldn't show it.
 And someone was killed on his doorstep,
 and he thought it was one of his apprentices
 who'd been mistaken for him.
 So it was an amazingly controversial thing to invent.
 The saxophone.
 Yeah, he spent years in the courts,
 and he was tricked out of money and driven to bankruptcy.
 Yeah.
 Here's something controversial.
 The cat and stoet was a medieval festival in Belgium,
 in which cats were thrown from a bell-free tower.
 Did you know that only 2% of Belgians
 know the words to their own national anthem?
 There is a very strong history of not knowing it.
 For example, in 2007, a Belgian politician was asked
 to sing the national anthem, and he accidentally sang
 the French one.
 I'm still at singing the Massey A's instead of Belgians.
 Oh, yeah.
 And Rabankon.
 They do celebrate weird things that you were
 saying earlier, Andy.
 Every year, on August 15th, Belgium
 has an international regatta of bathtubs.
 25,000 people tend to turn up.
 It's a 1-kilometer race down the river
 murs in the town of Dinal.
 They're going since 1982.
 And they just jump in bathtubs with various decorations
 on them, race down.
 I like the sound of Belgium.
 I'm really into this country.
 Yeah, it sounds good.
 They seem slightly nuts.
 But still cool at the same time.
 Great museums.
 I love the Belgian town, the Belgian exclave of Baal Hurtog.
 Oh, yeah, I've been there.
 Why is that?
 Have you?
 So to explain, it's a Belgian exclave.
 It's in the Netherlands.
 So it's within the Netherlands.
 But it's an exclave of Belgium.
 So it's 22 little pockets.
 And there are borders between Belgium and the Netherlands,
 all over the place, all over the city of town, aren't they?
 And they're marked with white crosses.
 Yeah, that's right.
 There are white crosses on the floor,
 so you can hop over from one country to the other whenever you want.
 And also, all of the houses have little flags on them.
 Either Belgian flags or Netherlands flags.
 So you know whether they're in Belgium or the Netherlands.
 So what's an exclave?
 It's just--
 So an exclave is a piece of a country
 that's fully surrounded by another country.
 Oh, OK.
 There are a lot of houses that are built across the border,
 so you decide what nationality your house is by where the front door is.
 That's right, yeah.
 Oh, wow.
 That's such a confusing place.
 It's a really cool place.
 I recommend anyone goes there.
 We're going to have to wrap on Belgium.
 Anyone want to throw in some--
 They invented roller skates in 1760.
 The guy who invented them, when he was debuting,
 they've almost killed himself by crashing into a giant mirror.
 So--
 Who's that other guy who's in the roller skates as well as me?
 He's a fine invention. How you come here?
 [APPLAUSE]
 Oh, that's the full-time whistle.
 Well done to both the competitors' times up.
 And it's now time for the answers to our QI visit England quiz.
 So Andy, what was your question and answer?
 The only town in England to feature punctuation,
 and which is named after a novel, is Westwood Ho, exclamation mark in Devon.
 Ah, yeah.
 They named it after the novel.
 And then the author, Charles Kingsley, got very annoyed that they had done so,
 because they hadn't actually asked permission.
 It was just to get tourists in.
 OK, thanks for that, Andy.
 James, what was your answer?
 My answer to the question, why did Mad Jack give everyone in Shrewsbury 10 pounds?
 This was in 1819.
 He wanted to become an MP.
 And so he bribed everyone in the town 10 pounds.
 And they all voted for him.
 And he became an MP.
 That's very clever.
 Jack Mitten.
 Not allowed, I don't think, in this day and age, simply.
 Frowned upon, certainly.
 Done, your question.
 Yes, the queen.
 The queen, we all know her as queen Elizabeth, the second.
 But Brian Blessed, what does he know her as?
 The answer is, he calls her knuckles.
 He calls her knuckles, because any time he meets her,
 she hits him on his hand with her knuckles.
 Well, like a fist pump.
 Yeah, no, no.
 He goes off on a lot of adventures, and she gets very worried about him.
 And so she says, don't go on those adventures, and she hits his hands.
 And so he's like, knuckles.
 And then she also gets him to say Gordon's alive.
 Apparently, she's a massive flash Gordon fan,
 according to Brian Blessed.
 OK, so there are all the answers.
 Of course, you didn't get to win any prizes,
 even if you knew all the answers.
 But you can win a prize if you go to visit england.com,
 where you'll have the chance to enter a ballot
 and win some just fantastic brilliant Marvelous QI goodies,
 including a sign book, if you're lucky.
 And so now, I think it's only left to decide who won that match.
 And I guess, totally arbitrarily, James is going to pick a winner.
 I am going to go for the guy who invented the roller skates.
 Yeah, I think we have to go for Belgium.
 All right, Belgium, congratulations.
 Algeria, hard luck.
 OK, if you want to get in touch with any of us
 to register any strong feelings you have about this podcast,
 you can get Dan on--
 At Tribal Land.
 You can get James on.
 My Twitter is @Xshaped.
 You can get Andy on--
 At Andrew Hunter M.
 And you can't get me at all, because I don't have a Twitter feed.
 But you can email else@QI.com, and I will respond there.
 And thanks for listening, guys.
 Join us tomorrow when we'll be pitting
 two countries against each other, and those countries will be--
 They will be Cameroon and Chile.
 Cameroon and Chile.
 Join us then.
