 Hi guys, we've got a seriously special guest on the podcast today.
 It is Sarah Pasco and you're about to hear that she is brilliant and funny and fascinating
 and has a book out which is also all of those three things.
 It's called Animal, or if you want the full, unedited title, it's called Animal, Cologne,
 the autobiography of a female body and it's out right now.
 Go and get it.
 Okay, on with the show.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming
 to you from the QI offices in Covent Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I'm sitting here with Andy Murray, Anne Chazinski, James Harkin, and Sarah Pasco.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts from
 the last seven days and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with you, Sarah Pasco.
 Okay, in the 1920s, scientists concluded that menstruating women wilted flowers.
 So, it's a proper scientist and so he's name, and it's a he, but his name's Bella Schick,
 I think, I've only seen it written down.
 And he's a proper scientist, he cured diptheria, and I think apparently he was the first person
 to use the word immunization, so he's a proper guy, but then one day he's made, was passing
 him some flowers.
 So she was like, I don't want to pass you the flowers, and then he's, do the flowers.
 And then the next day they were all wilted, these red roses, and she was like, oh, I knew
 that was going to happen.
 I'm on my period.
 And he was like, what?
 And she's like, yeah, women are poisonous when on their periods.
 They can't look at bread, or dogs, children, or such flowers, or go swimming.
 And he was like, oh my god, I'm a scientist, I didn't even know about this.
 So he then did all these experiments with women holding flowers and baking bread, and he
 gave it the term menotoxin, which were emitted by women in their tear glands and their sweat
 glands.
 So his study showed, reading between the lines, and
 I'm no conspiracy theorist, but reading between the lines, it sounded like the women held
 the flowers for quite a long time outside of water.
 And then they wilted, whereas flowers in water, the control group, they were fine.
 There was an experiment with bread as well, and one made, it was on her period.
 I mean, it must have been such a lovely house to work in.
 So she made everyone make bread, and hers, hers didn't rise as much.
 She was holding it in her hand, and the other, hers didn't rise as much for that exact
 reason.
 And then he was like, it's true, we were in bread.
 And so it was kind of supporting all of the really, really old taboos.
 And taboo means menstruation, that's where the word comes from.
 No.
 Yes.
 I mean, sacred, or it's a word for menstruating.
 Oh, god.
 Yeah, amazing, right?
 Because it is one of those things where throughout history, the idea of menstruating
 women around certain things did affect plenty of the elder right about it.
 Oh, he wrote so many crazy things, like dogs would go mad, or the caterpillars would fall
 out of the leaves of trees, and my favourite is that even ants wouldn't pick up the grains
 if they, if menstruating women had touched the crumbs, like ants would have, no thank you
 disgusting.
 Those would pass in that by.
 Oh, yeah.
 And they'd call thunderstorms.
 Yeah.
 My favourite one is that they would dim mirrors.
 Oh.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 Mirrors so dark.
 There's one positive belief, though, sound at least traditionally.
 Yeah.
 So this is a German occult writer called Henry Cornelius Agrippa.
 And he said that menstruating women could protect crops from blight.
 He said of menstrual women shall walk naked about the standing corn.
 They make all cankers, worms, beetles, flies, and all hurtful things fall off from the corn.
 But if they don't do it before sunrise, then the corn whibbers.
 That sounds like the weirdest chat up right in the world.
 Would you mind coming around and taking all your clothes off? You've got to be gone by morning.
 But the other one's really interesting is the synchronicity thing.
 So lots of people have this real common belief that women's synchronised periods has never
 been scientifically proven.
 Yeah.
 Like one woman did a study.
 Actually, I've got her name and down.
 She did a huge study on seven women.
 And this is kind of mutated into people believing that pheromones mean that when women are living
 in the same house in close quarters, they suddenly sync up.
 It's never been replicated.
 They can't find any scientific reason why we would.
 It's confirmation bias.
 So with a friend, do you notice a person who's like, "Oh, suddenly, we're on at the same
 time," or "we have an overlap," which is nothing to do with when you ovulate, which would
 be the significant part of the reason to sync up with somebody.
 And you ignore all the people you're around all the time and you never sync up with them
 at all.
 Also, maybe they're lying because I recognise the claim of my housemates that I had my period
 at the same time, so it was not to be left out, but maybe everyone else is doing that.
 Yeah, we're all synced up, but you don't want to be the loser who's not quite in tune
 with your mate.
 I'm hiding your period.
 I've never, I've never been moved in case I'm like, "Ah, I'm going to be coming on again!"
 I thought we were together on this one.
 McClendon, she defended her work because there have been lots of follow-up studies which,
 as you said, have never found it.
 And they've done studies for a full year and said there could be in the original study bits
 which synced up a little bit, but that was just through coincidence, really.
 I think it's much more to do with the moon than it is to do with other women.
 So the one thing that's quite interesting is that 30% of women have their periods during
 the full moon, and the next nearest group of women being the same is 12.5%, so that's
 quite a huge, verifiable difference, and when women live in cities of electricity, they
 have their period changes, how long their menstrual cycle has changed from now to now.
 I know, I know, it's like magic.
 It's to do with the melatonin in the brain, so women, let's start to get affected even
 by when you start sleepingness or being an electric, biting all the time.
 Your cycle changes.
 Because people do sleep less when there's a full moon, don't they?
 And they think that's because of the lightness, yeah.
 So do people right up near the North Pole and Iceland and stuff have mental periods, do
 you think?
 When they have 24 hour day and then 24 hour night?
 Yeah.
 I would love to know.
 Yeah.
 Well, if anyone's listening now.
 Contact us.
 Contact us, yeah.
 With all of the details of your menstrual cycle.
 At Shriberland.
 So they do have positive connotations in some places.
 There are various societies where women on their periods are thought to have magical powers.
 So I think in some Native American tribes, they would retreat to a moon hut for the duration
 of their periods.
 And that meant that they didn't have to do any work and that they could just have spiritual
 awakenings and stuff like that.
 Yeah.
 But then again, I think you can read that from the other way, because you can go choose
 to go to a hut where I think I sent away to a hut, don't worry, put your feet up, we'll
 handle this.
 Yeah, it's completely, see for me, I think, what a absolute freak I'd love to do nothing
 for five days in a hut, but for most women, I guess that seems like you're being.
 You like camping as well.
 So this is...
 Love a bit of camping.
 Yeah, especially because in these huts, people bring in your food and stuff.
 Yeah.
 There's nothing I love more than camping where someone else is doing the food.
 It's just like glamping, basically.
 Exactly.
 Yeah.
 And so, in terms of other experiments, there was a married couple called George and Olive
 Smith, and they injected rats and mice with women's menstrual blood, and they all died.
 And they were like, "See, toxic, poisonous, you inject, vaginal blood into a mask, terribly
 dies."
 And then...
 What did they expect it to do?
 Well, they just wanted to see.
 And then what they did is they then some other people did some follow-up studies, where they
 also gave them mice antibiotics because they thought they might be the bacteria from
 used blood.
 So they were put injecting into the animals that was killing them, and then all of those
 animals survived.
 But they did describe like, "Oh, but the mice were really affected.
 They kept cowering in the corner of the cages."
 Like, "I wonder why."
 So, there's a really fun thing that people can watch on the internet if they want to.
 It's a 1946 Walt Disney film called The Story of Mentioneration.
 And it's better than Fantasia.
 Yeah, it's the first film they think that mentions the word vagina.
 The science of it is fantastic in terms of the glands and the hormones behind it.
 It's not a lot of stuff that's educational for children or young women.
 It's about the physical stuff, the stuff that you can see, and it's much more about the
 relationship of hormones in your body and what it's caused by and what's happening.
 It's quite weird.
 It's 10 minutes long.
 Wow.
 It's banned, I think.
 Because Mickey in it.
 Yeah, yeah.
 It's Mickey Spazperia.
 It's confusing.
 And you get to inject it halfway through, I think, by Minnie's vaginal blood.
 Yeah, and he dies.
 That's very sad.
 OK, it is time for fact number two and that is Andy.
 My fact is that one proposed solution to plane hijackings in the 1970s was to build a pretend
 Havana airport in South Florida.
 So the thing is that in the late '60s and early '70s, hijacking was a huge, huge problem and
 it was very much in the sort of, you know, before 9/11 days when the main thing that happened
 was someone would say, take this plane to a different place, and the big thing was take
 me to Cuba.
 Yeah.
 Because obviously, Cuba, very nearby, come in a state and lots of people just would hijack
 planes and fly, didn't fly into Cuba.
 And between 1968 and 1972, they sometimes happen once a week in the USA alone.
 In 1969, 82 planes were hijacked, which was a huge, huge thing.
 And they didn't have any security at airports and people kept hijacking.
 So people started contacting the American FAA with suggestions.
 And one of them was setting up this fake Havana airport in South Florida.
 So everyone just, you know, so the pilot says, OK, you're going to fly you to Cuba.
 They fly around the sea for a bit and then fly back.
 I think that's how they do it.
 Just subtly change direction.
 They land.
 And the CIA busts the hijacker.
 Yeah, they had a special anti hijacked task force, didn't they, which people could send
 in their ideas.
 Yeah.
 That's right.
 Yeah.
 And but people started taking the piss as well.
 One person said, make everyone wear boxing gloves so they can't hold a gun.
 But then they would just point their way again, yeah.
 There was one where someone said, play the Cuban national anthem before take off and arrest
 anyone who knows the lyrics.
 People are just so patriotic, they can't help but stand up and chant a lot.
 So first of all, the hijacking was going the other way, wasn't it?
 People trying to escape Cuba because you weren't at the child who took two places.
 Right.
 But my favorite one is the story about Alan Funt.
 So it's 1969.
 He was the presenter of Candid Camera.
 So he was very, very famous across the world.
 And then he was on an aeroplane, which had hijacking to go to Havana.
 And he'd been recognized by a couple of people.
 So a man stood up and went, no, no.
 This is a trick.
 And Alan Funt, the presenter, knows it is not a trick.
 It's like everyone, everyone calm down.
 Let's just listen to the guys.
 And he was like, you're not going to get us.
 This is so like you.
 Like, perfect.
 So there's different cases.
 His daughter's talked about it openly.
 She remembers people dancing once they realized it was a trick.
 And her sister says, popping champagne and go, we're going to be on TV.
 And it looks like he's trying to save the program.
 Let's just take this seriously.
 Yeah, right.
 There was the other guy who--
 So at first, people, I think, wanted to hijack the planes and go to Cuba.
 And then people started to catch on that.
 You could also ask for shed loads of money while you were doing that.
 And there was that guy Arthur Barclay, who was debating his tax bill.
 And I think he started debating it in 1962.
 And this went on for eight years.
 And he kept going to him from Washington.
 And there was quite a small tax bill.
 It was like $472 he owed.
 And he said he didn't owe.
 It's the principal.
 Yeah, it is actually--
 I can imagine the money back.
 That's still quite a lot of cash.
 I can imagine James actually doing this.
 So eventually, he just hijacked this plane.
 And he smuggled a gun on.
 And he demanded that they do an emergency landing.
 And when they landed, they had to have $100 million waiting for him.
 So the CIA would have to be there.
 $100 million.
 How do tax bills as he expected?
 If you get that kind of money, is that tax free?
 How does it work?
 Is there anything gift?
 Does it count as a gift?
 There are places in the world where people have declared their guns
 as expenses when they've done bank robberies and things like this.
 It was a famous case of a businessman, I think, claiming a ransom against tax.
 I'm pretty sure.
 I've never seen that on my tax return.
 Can I gift aid the ransom?
 It's worth a bit more, actually, and then you get something more back.
 This guy, I just really love the idea of--
 he said I need $100 million cash waiting for me when we do this emergency landing.
 So they landed the plane.
 And the plane had radioed down to the ground to the airport staff at the airport,
 saying, you need to get as much cash as you can.
 Just go into all the banks in the area.
 And so I, first of all, did all these airport staff running into all the banks
 and saying, how much cash have you got to give it all to us now, please?
 And they managed to get $100,000, so $100,000, which they brought to the airport waiting for him.
 And they brought it onto the plane when it landed.
 And he opened up the sacks and was like, this isn't a 100 million display.
 Do you think I'm an idiot?
 And he took the plane off again.
 And so he was like, that's not nearly enough.
 I asked for 100 million.
 So then they got the government to really properly get enough bags of these realistic.
 So they sent a bunch of CIA agents to stand down the runway
 and they stuffed sacks with newspaper.
 What I would have done, I would have filled the bags with CIA agents.
 And as soon as he opened one, they burst out.
 I'd have covered CIA agents with money.
 And then he tried to spend them, he got it.
 And my truckers weren't all bad.
 I think sometimes they would just like disturb teenagers, weren't they?
 And there was that guy who hijacked a plane and wanted it to be taken to Cuba.
 And then he got distracted by another man on the plane, stood up and said,
 hey, do you want to see my coin collection, mate?
 And he sort of dropped the gun.
 I was like, oh, yeah, I collect coins, actually.
 And so that seems like someone who's not terrifying.
 The first hijacker in Norwegian history.
 He hijacked a plane in 1985 because he was fed up with society.
 But then he surrendered his pistol to authorities one hour later
 in exchange for more beer.
 So he'd already had some beer.
 After they started adding signs at airports about security.
 So in the early 1970s, when they'd started sort of screening passengers
 to see who looked like they might be carrying weapons,
 all janitors at airports in America reported that they'd find just guns
 and knives and stuff, strewn in the flower beds outside the airport.
 Because when it first came in, people would come to airports,
 playing to hijacker plane, and then see a sign that said,
 by the way, we've got screening going on to see if you're going to hide that plane.
 Maybe it's like, sod this.
 All right, so it's not like, you know, if you go into a pub,
 but you've got a kind of flag or something in your hand,
 you're like, oh, I'm just going to have to leave this out here,
 because I can't take it in.
 It's not like they were just carrying guns around and thought, oh, no, it's not.
 I think it was in theory, it was people who were intending to hijack planes.
 Do you often get to the pub with a can of lager or ready in your hands?
 Just tough enough on the way.
 Oh, sure, yeah.
 That's called preloading, isn't it?
 Yeah, I've heard of that.
 Do you know that near London, in Graves End,
 there is a whole town where they do practice,
 a fake town where they do practice police things.
 So like for hijackings or bombings or fires or riots.
 Wow.
 And there's pictures of that online as a whole flicker account.
 It's really odd, but all the public transport and nightclubs and there's a pizza land and everything.
 That must be the most terrifying place to accidentally wander into.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 That's the crime hub.
 Yeah.
 I think I saw photos of that at the other day.
 There was photos of a train crash.
 What would happen if a tube truck crashed?
 Yes.
 And they had people dressed up in makeup and they had emergency services coming.
 Yeah.
 The spooky thing, in the '50s in Nevada, they did a whole city to test atomic bombs on.
 And they put people, they dress people up in mannequins.
 They got all these JC Penny mannequins.
 It looks like families having a nice time.
 And then it's photographs in real time of what happened to their houses.
 So I think it was like something like 43 kilotons was the most they let off.
 When you think Hiroshima was 12 kilotons.
 Whoa.
 And people watch from six miles away.
 And all these photographs are seeing just literally fire going through a house.
 Wow.
 You can still visit it.
 Yeah.
 Richard Feynman, I think, watched those.
 And you know, the only person of all the people watching it,
 not to wear the special glasses that were given to everyone.
 Why did we...
 Why did we...
 Because I'm a tough guy.
 Because I'm a tough guy.
 It's because he was in a car and he knew that the radiation wouldn't get through the glass.
 Yeah.
 Right?
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 So he had advanced.
 Yeah.
 You've really got to trust your science.
 Yeah.
 To take a call like that.
 I know exactly how this is going to work.
 Okay.
 It's time for fact number three, and that is Chazinsky.
 My fact is that this year an organisation will finish a 40-year-long study of Britain
 and post-boxes, at which point it will immediately start again.
 What are they studying?
 They're studying everything about all the post-boxes in Britain.
 And they've been going since 1976 when they started, they're called the letterbox study group.
 And they decided they had to document every single post-box, like what the Royal insignia was on it.
 What kind of post-boxic was is it in a wall built into a wall?
 Is it on a lamp pose?
 Is there a lot of important things to be told about?
 Well, in part, it is a very strong word.
 I was really sneering of this idea, like, oh my god.
 And then I found out a bit more and now I'm going to join.
 Because I think it's so amazing what they're doing.
 Me too.
 How do you want to join them?
 I think it's only boys in it so far.
 Actually, you're right.
 I didn't really see a single interview with the woman.
 No.
 They were all like, I watched some videos of them online.
 This guy Paul, who I'm now in love with.
 And he was like, oh, my wife is so understanding.
 He's like, well, she should be getting it out.
 But it's really interesting.
 I didn't know that the monarch who was reigning when the post-box made has their initials on it
 in Scotland, where, so in Scotland, they had to take off.
 They were protesting Scotland when the first introduced the E1-1R.
 Yeah.
 Because, obviously, she's the first Queen Elizabeth, not the second of Scotland.
 Yeah.
 And so they don't have it on them anymore.
 They just have a little, they have a little symbol.
 Just like post-box.
 Crown or something.
 Something wrong, but not saying she's second.
 Yeah.
 I really like, and maybe this was a massive story,
 but I missed it, that there were now a hundred golden post-boxes.
 Yes.
 That's so cool.
 Did you not see one?
 I remember when the Olympics was on, they did the spray-painted one.
 When are they going to paint them back, I wonder?
 I don't think they will, yeah.
 No.
 I think they ought to eventually.
 Do you?
 I feel very strongly about that.
 You should treat them.
 Because it's introducing a rogue element of individuality into the post-box design.
 I feel very strongly, but they should all be red.
 Well, there was a period when they were all getting painted red,
 because they were green and Victorian times.
 And was that because people had won things or...?
 I think it was just to make them stand out more,
 because it's a green in rural environments.
 You might think it was green.
 Yeah, exactly.
 For years, no one could post anything.
 Well, people were posting letters, but just into trees and bushes and things.
 And it made the collection...
 It's just helpful for the tree because it's made from paper.
 It's like a corpse of a relative.
 It's so mean.
 There was, in 2012, in Birmingham, New Street Station,
 they found a post-box that had been covered up for like 50 years or something,
 and they kind of opened it.
 And there was a load of letters in there that had just been sat there for years and years.
 Oh, wow.
 Yeah.
 And did they read them all?
 They did.
 They gave them to the Royal Mail and the Royal Mail took them to the people who they should have gone to.
 Oh, that's nice. Oh, my God.
 Do we still have a dead letter office in this country?
 What's that mean?
 Oh, I don't know.
 It's where posts that they don't know how to deliver it.
 The instructions on the outside, the address is too vague.
 And these guys are amazing.
 And they crack the codes on the outside and they try to get in with that.
 They really vague, and they will get it to Father Christmas of Princess Diana
 as I hand out as a child.
 Really?
 Yeah?
 What were you writing to them?
 Oh, like the pretty lady in the big house.
 Oh, what was I writing?
 Yeah, good wishes.
 Just a big fan.
 It's to write loads of letters to the Royal Family.
 Right.
 And to Santa?
 Not asking for presents.
 No, just wishing them well.
 Also, I thought we needed stuff to do in the downtime.
 Everyone writes in December like when they want something.
 I'm just going to write in May.
 Oh, you're just trying to get on that nice list, aren't you?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Charles Dickens had his own post box in his house.
 Woo.
 Yeah, we'll do.
 You've got a letter box.
 So the postman would come and collect the post from his house.
 From his house, yeah, it was built into the wall on the outside of his house.
 So it was in the area where he lived to, which was Gadsel, I think.
 So he lobbied the post office, said, "Install it in my house, please."
 Because everyone from around the village would come to his house to post their letters.
 And the post he would arrive, open the thing in his house and pick up all the letters.
 It was a private one.
 It's a communal one for everyone.
 It was also back then when he was alive.
 They would have been up to 18 collections a day.
 Whoa.
 Yeah.
 He's amazing.
 I think it was in his so many letters.
 Yeah, that's insane.
 So you could correspond with someone.
 A few times in a day.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 A few times in a single day.
 But really?
 Yeah.
 I mean, my email does hundreds of thousands of collections a day.
 So it's not actually extraordinary.
 Yeah.
 I found out about one now.
 So in Japan, there's underwater post box for scuba divers who then send letters to other scuba divers.
 And they're waterproof letters that you put underneath.
 And that's collected twice a day.
 Yeah, that's really cool.
 Do you have to have your own underwater letter box?
 I don't know how you tell it to your address.
 I guess you just had to say that that's starfish.
 That's starfish near the rock.
 And then it would get to where you're going to collect it from.
 That's amazing.
 Yeah.
 It's very remote.
 Yeah.
 So the Everest Base Camp has a post box.
 That's it.
 Where else?
 There's the Antarctic one.
 Not sure if we've spoken about that before.
 Really remote.
 The polar bears.
 Yeah.
 Well, yeah.
 Exactly.
 They did a application for it and they published it in the newspapers.
 So we could see the application.
 And they explained that the job would involve carrying big heavy box over slippery rocks and slushy snow.
 And you'd have to survive on no heating or running water.
 That just says, are you happy not to shower for up to a month?
 Live in close proximity to three people and two thousand smelly penguins for five months?
 Yes.
 That sounds better than the Edinburgh Festival.
 I was thinking it was on weird societies.
 Yeah, cool.
 Or apparently boring societies.
 Do you guys know how popular, according to its website, the Biscuit Appreciation Society is?
 How popular?
 It's very popular.
 According to its website.
 It's a very reliable website.
 I believe everything they say.
 So there's a message on their website saying that I'm really sorry we can't take any extra members as we have a backlog of memberships.
 And there's a 17 year waiting list to get into the Biscuit Appreciation Society.
 What?
 It claims our membership currently stands at about three million appreciators.
 I've never expected more than a couple.
 Does it mean every time someone has a biscuit?
 I know.
 I don't know the list.
 They obviously appreciate biscuits.
 There's a movement of UFO alien believing people on Earth.
 And the aliens do that, don't they?
 Well, what the aliens do is you can become a priest, but by kind of just going there and they make you a priest.
 But they'll also make you a priest without you even knowing it.
 So they kind of make celebrities priests just without even telling them.
 And they say, look at all these famous people who are priests.
 And the famous people are like, well, I didn't even know that.
 I didn't even spy it to set up a fan club for myself.
 I just was like, Robbie Williams, big fan of mine.
 This was 6.7 billion members.
 No waiting list.
 Everyone's gone.
 It's automatically answered.
 Are we still disheartening that for the letters you get from Robbie Williams?
 Please remove me from your hand, lovely.
 It doesn't work like that, my friends.
 They are a double member.
 The minute you try to leave, he'll love me more.
 In the old and days London, they used to be really odd kind of gentlemen's clubs,
 where they had very specific things they had to do.
 So there was a murderous club where you were only allowed in if you'd ever killed a man.
 And there was the everlasting silence club where always someone had to be there,
 but you were not allowed to ever speak.
 And it was for men who had to escape their noisy wives.
 And there was a fartist club.
 All these kind of really odd things.
 Was the murderous club just a front set up by the police?
 All the club staff were hanging around saying, "So who'd you kill?"
 I imagine that the murderous club would be people who used to be members of the silence club
 after the fartist club walked in there.
 In Japan, there are drain spotters,
 which I also want to be a member of the drain spotters club,
 which are people who spot drain covers because manhole covers in Japan are often really really beautiful.
 And they've got these amazing designs.
 Do you think they came up with a name first because it's like a pun on train spotters?
 Yeah.
 Do you happen to read the urban Welsh book "Train Spotting"?
 It's incredibly boring.
 Can I tell you about one more?
 Yeah, we should move on.
 This is from the Del Men's club,
 who are a fantastic organisation.
 And I'm quoting exactly here.
 "Bottle banker, Steve, I don't know if that's rhyming slang."
 It's not.
 "Bottle banker, Steve Wheeler, 66 from Molvin,
 has spent 30 years collecting more than 20,000 milk bottles.
 He found his first bottle in the mid-1980s.
 And now, Steve, who admits he doesn't even like milk, houses them in an 80-foot museum in his garden."
 So, when he collects them, do they have milk in them?
 Don't know.
 Right.
 I mean, if they do, I'm sure he gets rid of it pretty quickly.
 That's why he hates milk so much.
 I think this is the mindset, man.
 Milk is all disgusting.
 Have you seen what happens to it?
 How do people drink it every day is horrible?
 Okay, let's move on to our final fact.
 And that is James.
 Okay, my fact this week is that in the middle ages, people slept with cow dung
 at the foot of the bed to keep bugs away.
 Did it work?
 I think it did, to a certain extent.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 Because bugs will be attracted to the dung, right?
 Would it try them maybe just to the end of the bed?
 Also, it wasn't fresh dung.
 No.
 So it was dried dung, and sometimes it set fire to it.
 It was actually the smoke from the dung.
 Oh, so it's like incense?
 And so people still do that now.
 Apparently.
 Yeah, wow.
 Yeah, sometimes people burn their houses down in order to keep a book open.
 Actually, there's loads of cases with bed bugs, where people have
 with alcohol and different kind of flammable things on their sofas and beds.
 And then, yeah, setting fire to the neighborhood.
 Yeah, I think there was a woman in Detroit recently, maybe the last couple of months.
 Yeah.
 So yeah, I covered her apartment in alcohol and then turned up the heating super high.
 I actually heard that was hard to get rid of them.
 Sometimes, once they do that, they go like, oh, I'll put alcohol on everything.
 That's great.
 That should do it.
 And then I'll have a nice fag to relax.
 Wow.
 Bed bugs are really hard to get rid of, aren't they?
 Yeah.
 I've heard that they're getting thicker skin now to get rid of the insecticide.
 And the horrible things people are saying about them.
 Yeah.
 Insects evolve so much more quickly, because there's so many generations.
 Yeah.
 The concentration of insecticide that you need to kill a bed bug now is about a thousand times more than it was, like, say, a hundred years ago.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 And apparently, it always takes three times.
 You can't just get rid of them in one sweep.
 It takes three goes round.
 So what is wrong with having bed bugs?
 I've never understood this.
 So I don't think I've had them.
 Yeah.
 But if I did, what would be there?
 They cover you in painful, horrible, red-lived bites.
 Do they?
 They do.
 It's okay.
 Because bedding apparently used to be worth, like, a third of people's possessions.
 And that's why, when they traveled, they would take their bed sheets and they're covering with them.
 So they didn't use them in ins and stuff.
 And I hadn't really even thought about the fact that it's so unusual now that we sleep in beds on our own.
 Yeah, absolutely.
 Until about the 19th century, you'd mainly share a bed with someone else, wouldn't you?
 Yeah, if you stopped in a tavern.
 Well, like, if you had to travel lunch, you'd just have to sleep with, like, let the Henry have something.
 Yeah, that's right.
 Wow.
 Let the Henry and everyone read it.
 I guess hostels.
 Hostels are still kind of like that.
 Yeah, but there's bug beds.
 But you're in a room at Strangels, which is quite rare.
 Yeah.
 It's just like sharing a bed that was the standard that was the only option you'd have.
 In Tudor Medieval times, people who are wealthy enough to have a bed, which wasn't very many people,
 would always take it with them.
 So all beds were Z beds, foldable beds.
 And yeah, so the king would travel with his bed.
 Any nobles would travel with their beds folded up on the back of their car.
 Well, I was reading something by Lucy Worsley, and she was saying that beds in that period were actually incredibly rare.
 For the poor, yeah, so it would just be a huge hole where everyone was sleeping.
 So did they have cow dung on the floor next to them in their kind of their floor bed?
 I think it was hanging up rather than nice.
 Yeah, really?
 Because it sounds like it would be spread at the foot of the bed.
 Yeah.
 But I think it's done kind of hanging up to keep the fries on.
 Oh my god, like the front of a car for--
 Yeah, like an air freshener.
 Like an air freshener.
 The little tree.
 So cow dung is great stuff.
 Oh my goodness.
 So I did not know that you can, on the Indian Amazon website, you can buy cow dung cakes.
 You can get them about roughly 6 for £2.50.
 Are you good?
 So what it is, you get a cow pat and you mix it up with it, and then you slap it on a wall,
 and it dries into a cake, and then you can burn that in a stove to cook food or--
 For religious ceremonies.
 People in cities these days don't use it for food cooking anymore, but yeah.
 So there's also an Indian centre which uses cow dung medicinally,
 and their claims are so extravagant.
 Oh, what is this?
 What is this?
 Okay, so this is in Ahmedabad, and one claim is walking on fresh cow dung is very healthy.
 It completely heals all problems with your feet.
 They also have cow water, which is a urine-based soft drink.
 And the director of this facility said, "This will end the market for carbonated fizzy drinks."
 I love these all problems with your feet.
 I lost a foot.
 Come over here!
 So I'm so all problems.
 Not very long, yeah.
 And the sentence on this website just says,
 "Mainstream doctors are divided about the medical benefits,
 with some pointing out that the curative claims have never been validated by independent bodies."
 Yeah, you can get cow urine aftershave, I think, because it's very good for your skin.
 So just apparently.
 So does this come from thinking that cows are precious?
 Yeah, it's in their religion.
 Yeah, because cows are sacred.
 And their dung is sacred as well, which is why it's religious rituals.
 That's what, yeah, it says here, their milk makes children more obedient.
 That's part of the sacredness.
 And touching them can lower your blood pressure, that's one of the thoughts.
 And they block nuclear radiation.
 Okay, well, I'm right with the first two, because they make sense.
 That yes, if children want some more milk, then they'll be more obedient.
 Yeah, I think it makes absolute sense.
 Stroking lots of pets, people have comforts.
 And also that will calm you down.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Those quarters are fine.
 And the nuclear...
 Well, not many people know, but Richard Feynman is talking about that.
 Yes, he's talking about that.
 He just slapped a cow pat on his eyes.
 Yeah.
 And I've got another thing about old bedtime habits.
 Great.
 Better you feel tired.
 Yeah.
 So have you heard of bundling?
 Yeah.
 Bando, you're jumping on someone's phone.
 Someone gets a break from it.
 Oh, okay, no, no.
 It's right for the very bottom of the bundle.
 You don't have to be second in the bundle.
 Why is it okay to be on the bottom?
 I don't know.
 For some reason it's a snugly, but the second one on it's not comfortable.
 You can kind of curl up and defend yourself a bit more if you're at the bottom.
 Yeah, if you're at the bottom.
 Yeah.
 You're spreading it when you're second in the bundle.
 But then I think you deserve it, because you're the first one jumping in on the bundle.
 You're causing all the problems.
 You don't know.
 Maybe the person underneath said, "Bundle."
 You just have to follow the instruction.
 Can you get people to bundle you?
 It's a bit silly pathetic if you lay down going, "Bundles, everyone's going, no James."
 You're in your late 30s.
 You haven't done that for a long time.
 It's a terrible sleepover.
 We're going.
 And then, Maga told G, "That's when you do a bundle, but you're all got sleeping bags on."
 So, bundling used to be when you wanted to introduce two unmarried children to each other.
 Of age, I should point out.
 Yes, okay.
 So, it'd be two boy and a girl unmarried.
 And the parents would let them sleep in the same room for an evening.
 The idea was to get to know each other.
 So, in order to prevent things from happening, from getting sexy,
 they used to either tie them to the bed.
 So, you would have to lay them tied, both of you, to the bed, and just have all evening.
 Or, they would put a ginormous wooden board just in the middle of the bed, separating you two.
 Surely, that's how people get fetishes.
 Maga, you're right.
 That's the birth of a bed.
 Your early sexual experience is all I mean tied up with.
 I can't do it anyway.
 How old are these young people?
 I guess approaching marriage age.
 So, yeah, so they were kind of marriageable age.
 Yeah, I don't know.
 It was kind of, yeah.
 The roughly late teens, I think.
 Yeah.
 So, the next guy I meet, and we're like, "Hey, do you like being tied up?"
 Because I want to get to know you.
 That's why I always got kicked out of these bundling parties, you guys are going to show my rope.
 You plop some wood.
 The first draft of 50 Shades of Grey is actually incredibly boring.
 A lot of conversation.
 I mean, also the final draft of 50 Shades of Grey is also incredibly boring, but that's not the point.
 You haven't read 50 Shades of Grey.
 I've read the first third of 50 Shades of Grey.
 Oh, what did you think?
 I have 17 Shades of Grey.
 I stopped after the third or fourth time, she shattered into a million pieces.
 Oh, yeah.
 I thought it was...
 Is that what happens?
 Did you read Humpty Dumpty?
 Anastasia calls all the King's horses and all the King's men.
 Yeah.
 That's pretty rude, she's stubborn.
 Okay, that's it, that's all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we've said over the course of this podcast,
 we can all be found on our Twitter account.
 I'm on @Streiberland.
 Andy.
 @AndruhunterM.
 James.
 @Xshaped.
 Sarah.
 There's an underwater postbox in Japan.
 And Jizinski.
 You can email podcastakui.com.
 Yep, and also just reminder, go get Sarah's book.
 It's out now.
 It's called Animal, the autobiography of a female body.
 It's in every single bookshop that you will go near.
 So go in, you have no excuse.
 And go to noswitchthingasoffish.com.
 That's our website.
 We have all of our previous episodes up there.
 We will be back again next week with another app.
 We'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
