 Hello you lovely club fish members, welcome to your bi-weekly piece of bonus material.
 Now does bi-weekly mean twice a week?
 If it does, maybe I should have said fortnightly.
 Anyway, it is another episode of Andrew Hunter Murray's Drop As Align.
 He spent days reading a backlog of emails and he has found a whole load of correspondence
 which he would like us to comment on.
 I really hope you enjoy this.
 We really do enjoy making these.
 It's so much fun to hear all of your amazing facts and corrections.
 Anyway, for the time being, on with the Drop As Align!
 Hi everybody, welcome back to Drop As Align.
 The bit of fish, the bit of club fish specifically, where we talk about all the correspondence
 you've sent in, all the emails, the letters, the scrolls, the rolled up papyri, all of
 it.
 Everything you guys have sent in.
 Guys, what would you like, first of all, I'm going to say...
 Perhaps has anyone sent us in a better name for the show?
 No, we've had a few complaints about the name where people have said club fish sounds like
 an instruction or it sounds like a club seal thing.
 Yeah, yeah, it does remind me of that's why I liked it.
 Yeah, no concrete better suggestions.
 Okay, well we've got plenty of weeks.
 Keep them coming.
 Can I quickly ask, you just said papyri, is that the, are we in a Panino-Panini situation
 without any controversy?
 I don't know.
 Is that multiple papyrus?
 I don't think people say papyrus is often enough for it to be a hot button topic.
 I think that when people are pluralizing papyrus, I would say the vast majority say papyri because
 I think they're usually sort of Egyptologists or the like who are going to do it the proper
 way.
 That's fair enough.
 Good.
 New word I'd never heard before, so that's exciting.
 Papyrus, maybe I would have said.
 Any Egyptologist listening, we know there probably are one or two of you.
 There's only one village left in Egypt that makes papyri in the correct way.
 That's just a fact.
 Really?
 It's not a funny fact, which is why I've never suggested it for the show.
 No, it's good.
 I think usually when you say a non-funny fact, you always end it by saying that's just a
 fact.
 Yeah.
 You let us know straight away.
 Yeah.
 It's getting your defense in early, isn't it?
 Yeah, it really is.
 I like that awkward pause at the end of the fact where people just go, "Ah."
 Yeah.
 And it's good because you're allowing me to know that I don't have to fake laugh, which
 I'll often do to make it seem like I understood the joke when I did.
 Papyrus.
 Yeah.
 Thank you.
 Well, we could start off with a brilliant bit of correspondence that we had, which was
 actually George Eliot based.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 This is from Hannah Stopple, who writes this, "Hello, love the podcast.
 I work at a company that makes handmade wigs.
 We were listening to the most recent episode of your podcast, and we all burst out laughing
 when you said the measurement of George Eliot's large head, 22.25 inches is an extremely average
 size head, very average for a woman, somewhat, but not unusually small for a man.
 In our experience, women's heads tend to run 25 to 23 inches, men's more commonly 22 to
 25."
 Interesting.
 "I don't pretend to be an expert on historical head sizes," Hannah goes on, "and average
 is certainly may have changed over the past 150 years, but I thought you might be interested
 to know that you caused a moment of unintended and very specific extra hilarity over here
 on the other side of the pond."
 God, life at a wigmaker's place is a laugh of a minute, isn't it?
 It was hell to pay.
 Oh, gosh.
 Oh, nice.
 Nice.
 I think in our defense, Hannah, we all thought that was a completely ridiculous fact at the
 time.
 What?
 A courtesy of Dan just trying to call back to the large hand issue.
 Untrue.
 How dare you?
 I think in the podcast, we might have said it wasn't that big, was it?
 I think we said that it was two and a half inches smaller than my head.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 The point, though, is that it was seen as big to the point where he took her to London.
 Like, it's not like she just randomly in a diary said, "Oh, I'm in my big head."
 Like, he got her on a train, he brought her to London.
 They measured it.
 They had her molded.
 They had to get an extra seat.
 They had to take the carriage door off its hinges, actually, they had to get in.
 Yeah.
 Isn't it true that everyone in those days had a much smaller head?
 There we go.
 Half the size.
 That's what Hannah said.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I don't pretend to be an expert on historical head sizes.
 But anyway, Hannah is the build manager at the Custom Wig Company.
 So if you want to go to the customwigcompany.com for all your wig needs.
 Great.
 You know.
 We'll take some wigs.
 If Hannah wants to send us some wigs.
 Yeah.
 Well, I was actually trying to get the firm more custom rather than actively soak up
 their resources.
 I was just reading the other day about hairdressers who double up as archaeologists and they look
 at hairstyles.
 Yeah.
 Not many of them are.
 Well, we, James and I know Joanne Fletcher, who comes from a family of hairdressers and
 then she discovered the oldest headlice, like literally on a mummy.
 She found the oldest.
 But isn't she an archaeologist?
 She is an archaeologist.
 She's not a hairdresser.
 My point is that there's a lady who I was reading about who's a hairdresser, but she
 looks into the hairstyles of history and she recreates them to show because in a lot
 of cases we thought they were wearing wigs in certain cultures because how can you hold
 your hair in such positions?
 She works out how they did it.
 She works out the styling.
 So she uncovers the sort of hidden mysteries of, of hairstyles and she's a hairdresser
 by day.
 I'm going to say Indiana Bangs.
 Are you going to say that?
 Because Bangs is a, is a, it's a friend, isn't it?
 But it doesn't sound like Indiana Jones.
 Friends, Indiana Jones would be, that's great.
 There we go.
 Well, by iteration, we've made our way to a good joke, haven't we?
 You were the bridge.
 You laid yourself down.
 We wouldn't have made it there if I hadn't, you know, said mine.
 Yeah.
 True.
 Yeah.
 Were you, were you thinking, were you thinking of saying for Indiana Jones?
 No, I wasn't.
 No, I wasn't.
 No, I wasn't.
 You always need one person in any meeting to just talk utter, utter nonsense.
 There are no bad ideas.
 Yeah.
 I'm not even happy we ended up at Fringiana Jones.
 I wouldn't say that it's a particularly good place.
 You're welcome to go straight further, Anna.
 I'm reversing back over Indiana Bangs and getting out of the forest.
 Do you want to hear from someone else?
 I think.
 I'll be better.
 People of true did.
 It can't be just that.
 I think what happened here, I mean, I might be wrong about this.
 But are you aware of, I think it's a cartoon about a dog archaeologist called Indiana
 Bones?
 Indiana Bones.
 And you are.
 And what you thought is that Bones sounds a bit like Bangs because it's got a B and
 an S and an N effect.
 And you've made that leap, but didn't tell anyone that you'd used the cartoon as part
 of your leap.
 It's like, that is exactly what I was thinking, Indiana Bones.
 And it's kind of how a joke is like a, they always say a joke is like a horse jumping
 over a gap, like a canyon or whatever.
 And if the canyon is too narrow, no one is impressed by the leap.
 But if the canyon is too wide, the horse falls in and your jokes are pretty much the Grand
 Canyon of jokes.
 There are corpses littering.
 Horses everywhere.
 Anyway.
 Okay.
 Let's plow on.
 Let's plow on.
 So who do you want to hear from next?
 Kate Matthews or Elizabeth Vison?
 There's not much to go off.
 Yeah.
 Give us a bit more.
 That's just.
 No, that's all I'm giving you.
 Okay.
 I've not heard Vison as a name before.
 Okay.
 He's did that on purpose.
 He gave you one relatively normal name and one unusual name and you, you would go for
 that.
 Who's the other one?
 Kate Matthews.
 Yeah.
 Kate, please.
 Okay.
 So easily changed.
 This was a fact we did.
 Oh, it was about radioactivity in some way.
 Kate Matthews writes following on from the urine fact from Friday show, that was it.
 I thought you might be interested to know after patients have had an isotope bone scan in
 the radiology department, their urine and feces is radioactive and they have to use a designated
 radioactive materials toilet in the department.
 And if they're an inpatient, the ward have to collect their waste and dispose of it in
 a special bin.
 So when you walk out, you go, I'd give that another couple of hundred thousand years if
 I knew.
 This is amazing.
 She goes on, I used to work in radiology and a patient once used one of the regular toilets
 and had terrible aim because there was radioactive pee everywhere, the toilet had to be closed
 off and quarantined and then tested daily with a Geiger counter until it was safe again.
 That's really funny.
 That's incredible.
 That's great.
 That's really cool.
 Thank you so much, Kate.
 So do all hospitals have this?
 Or no, like most of them don't have this kind of.
 I guess if you've got this kind of treatment happening, an isotope bone scan, she says
 the injector radioactive isotope intravenously that makes any cells that are suspicious glow
 and the body excretes the isotopes, but they remain radioactive for a while.
 That's the incredible fact.
 It's the one that makes you feel like you've wet yourself when you have it injected with
 you.
 You know, there's one that like lots of people have it whenever you've had cancer, you get
 it injected and then it makes cells glow if they've got cancer and it makes you and
 you feel when they inject it, you feel like you've wet yourself and they always say beforehand
 you'll feel like you've wet yourself and then I was looking to someone, I know recently
 she was like, yeah, it was really weird.
 You feel like you've wet yourself.
 But I think that's that.
 But this person I know definitely didn't go and use a toilet and a bunker after that.
 So I'm a bit worried for my health.
 I got a bit of correspondence this week.
 Wow.
 I see.
 Well, the 30, the five already.
 Yeah.
 The steering wheel.
 I feel it's been rested from my grasp.
 This was from a fact on the show.
 I love it when facts get in contact with us.
 So I got a message saying, hey, Shriverland, would you be interested in retweeting this?
 It's another charity auction for the Samsung Apple business card.
 Now we did a fact on the show, which is that Apple used to have an employee called Sam
 Sung and he had a business card and he was auctioning it.
 Well, Sam Sung worked in two different places and he's just found his other Samsung card
 with his t-shirt from it.
 And this tweet is from Sam Sung.
 Wow.
 He's got in contact directly saying, I'm now auctioning it.
 Here's the auction and it's up on eBay if anyone wants to get involved in it.
 It ends in five days and seven hours.
 So after this has gone out?
 Yep.
 So after this has gone out, it's currently on 24 bids, $485 at the moment.
 So anyone who wants to get involved, you can't.
 Cool.
 Did you retweet it or have you just done this quite useless service to paroled Sam?
 I thought I'd save it for the show.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 I might give a retweet.
 But that's quite cool.
 Sam Sung is now in contact with us.
 He's changed his name.
 Which is weird.
 What?
 Are you sure it's him?
 His Twitter is Sam Struan, S-T-R-U-A-N, brackets, formerly Sam Sung.
 Oh, interesting.
 Yeah.
 He's changed his name.
 He's changed his name.
 I've got a friend of a friend called Struan.
 It's an unusual name.
 Hmm.
 First name.
 Did he change it?
 Because he was getting so much bullying for the Samsung thing.
 Possibly.
 Yeah.
 Possibly.
 Well, I'll tweet him.
 He's changed his name to Sam Struan.
 Yeah.
 I thought you were going to say he changed his name to Sam Blackberry or something.
 Yeah.
 Well, that was a roller.
 That's really good.
 That's really good.
 Yeah.
 I saw someone else wrote to me.
 Oh, no, no, no.
 Great, great, great.
 It's really good.
 You want to take over hosting this show, actually?
 It's really good that you're sort of getting into the hosting thing down.
 I like it.
 What did someone else write to you?
 Well, I mentioned the thing about ducks.
 I didn't think you'd actually take us off on it.
 Yeah, yeah.
 You know, remember I said that ducks were used as pesticide, anti-pesticide.
 Oh, yeah.
 Army's of ducks were coming in.
 But not for tea.
 But not for tea.
 Exactly.
 Farmers around the world.
 So they troop over.
 They troop over and they start eating all of the worms.
 They live like five miles away.
 They take some hours to get there.
 They have holiday leave.
 They have certain work hours.
 We all know that.
 Yeah.
 And a goose comes as their protector, as their bodyguard.
 An owl comes.
 An owl.
 And we've got the goose for it, because, yeah.
 Anyway, farmers around the world have gone in contact,
 sending me videos of their ducks parading through on the way into...
 Nice.
 Yeah.
 It's a real thing.
 So, yeah.
 Okay, my correspondent section of the show is done now.
 Thank you, Andy.
 Well, that was great.
 Dan's Corner.
 I'm only going to come for Dan's Corner next time.
 Can you tell me when that's scheduled in?
 Yeah, well, I can't tell you when it's scheduled in,
 because it'll just be whenever Dan takes over.
 Probably after two e-mails, I would imagine.
 So, are we not allowed to bring anything to the table?
 No, you absolutely are.
 And you're encouraged to.
 Cool, because I've got a third.
 No, you've got a third.
 I'm not even sure you make the rules of this.
 Oh, really?
 I always thought this was Andy's thing.
 I think this is just evolving constantly, isn't it?
 What is drive-by, but from the other side of the table?
 James, if you'd like to chip in and say,
 "Maybe you think the whole thing doesn't work," or, you know...
 Well, it's more you.
 I think the rest of us are doing quite well.
 Yeah, yeah.
 We'll wait till you hear what Elizabeth Vison's got to say.
 Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 She says, "Hello, Anna and the Fish Podcast team."
 I think that's because Anna says who to e-mail,
 but I think we're all included in this.
 It's a long-time listener from Connecticut.
 And she says, "I live in Connecticut in the U.S.
 "And my fact that I learned this week
 "is that there is a town called Myanus,
 "pronounced just as one might hope,
 "located along Connecticut's coast
 "in one of the richest parts of the state."
 Nice.
 What do we know about Myanus?
 Well, she goes on, actually.
 She says, "Disclaimer, it's probably pronounced
 "myanus, but it didn't stop the Jackass team
 "from visiting and partaking in the Obvious.
 "And because July 4th is a thing over here,
 "there are likely fireworks happening
 "in Myanus this weekend."
 (all laughing)
 So, Hang on, she's just said a fact,
 said it's pronounced exactly as you hope,
 and then immediately said it's not pronounced
 as you hope, though.
 I'm afraid so, yeah.
 Right, welcome to the podcast.
 You should replace Dan when he's next away.
 Anyway, do you want a fireworks fact?
 Oh, yeah.
 The laughing Buddha, when he died,
 he knew he was gonna die,
 and so he stuffed all of his pockets with fireworks
 'cause he knew he'd be cremated.
 And then when he was cremated,
 there was a massive fireworks.
 Oh, that's hilarious.
 Is that prank?
 Or is it?
 Oh, okay.
 It's not a vengeance thing.
 Yeah, it's just a fact.
 (all laughing)
 That's why they're laughing.
 Yeah, 'cause it was funny.
 That's mean.
 That was funny.
 (all laughing)
 Yeah, Mayanus reminds me of Uranus.
 Remember for one of the--
 They're all very similar.
 (all laughing)
 It's like the Spanish say, isn't it?
 Uranus is Mayanus.
 (all laughing)
 No, Mayanus is Uranus.
 That has a very different meaning, actually.
 (all laughing)
 We, in the last book of the year that we did,
 I interviewed the mayor of Uranus in America,
 and he had all sorts of weird novelty things,
 but this sounds like it's got similar,
 what's going on in Mayanus this week.
 You can play with that.
 You can see the connection.
 Do you remember that article?
 I think I sent it to you guys,
 and they reckon that there's not as much science
 being done on Uranus because the scientists
 are all worried that it will just get
 jocular headlines on the internet.
 So they tend to study Neptune instead of Uranus.
 It's brilliant.
 (all laughing)
 It's really funny.
 Is that definitely, do you reckon that's true?
 There were some real scientists who said it.
 They said that this was a problem.
 That's so funny.
 That's so good.
 Any publicity, I would have thought.
 Come on, jocular headlines better than no headline at all,
 which I reckon those Neptune lads aren't getting.
 (all laughing)
 He just says they're a Neptune headline, the front page.
 Yeah.
 Do you guys want one more?
 Yeah, absolutely.
 All right, this is from Charlie Langdale.
 Yep.
 He says, "Hi, guys.
 Long time fan of the podcast.
 Very nice.
 A fact for us from the veterinary world.
 I am a podcast producer."
 I thought you was a vet.
 Oh, interesting.
 Completing sentences.
 People go, "What is it?"
 You must have a vet podcast.
 I am a podcast producer, and we had an interesting fact pop up on one of our shows recently,
 which instantly made me think of you guys.
 One of our guests was working with a tortoise.
 Brackets.
 We're a veterinary podcast.
 Right.
 I called it.
 Yep.
 One of our guests was working with a tortoise who had swallowed lots of stones,
 and the ideal treatment is to effectively shake them out.
 There's an official study which refers to a similar case,
 and the tool in question is referred to as an improvised vibrating massager.
 It was a sex toy.
 So the official cure for tortoises being constipated with stones is to use a vibrator on it.
 Our guest had to tell his client to strap a dildo to their tortoise as an official treatment plan.
 Are you strapping it to their underside?
 Their underside.
 Yeah.
 And he sent a photo as well, and it's amazing the image of this tortoise with a dildo on it.
 That's incredible.
 Do you think because if you had to go home for the day,
 and then something happened, and then someone else came into your lab,
 they'd just see this tortoise with an enormous penis,
 and momentarily be quite confused.
 Huge discovery.
 I will say that Charlie has cleverly managed to advertise his own podcast in the private bit of our podcast.
 Yeah.
 So I'm not going to mention that the name is Veterinary Ramblings.
 Great.
 And it looks really fun, and I recommend you go and give it a listen.
 Well, let's switch off this and go and do that.
 That's much better.
 There's a correction.
 There is a bollocking.
 Okay, let's do that.
 Let's finish on that.
 This is a short one.
 It's from Kim Ray.
 In your last episode, it's a recent telling after two,
 you mentioned how Jay-Z has said that the bitch in his song "99 Problems" is a dog.
 I know.
 I remember this at the time.
 I think, but I didn't say anything because I was so unsure.
 Yeah.
 I think each verse is about a different meaning of that word.
 Oh, yeah.
 Did he not say that in an interview once?
 Well, that's not what Kim says.
 Okay.
 Kim will know.
 Kim says this extraordinary law review article, which Kim links to, does a line by line analysis
 of all the Fourth Amendment and criminal law points mentioned in this song, including
 how the bitch is a drug dog, and it's a drug dog that isn't on the scene.
 So it's a problem.
 The force of it is the officer pulls him over.
 He has drugs in the car, but the officer doesn't have a right to search without probable cause.
 And the officer doesn't have a drug dog on him.
 And Jay-Z knows he only has to wait a reasonable time for the officer to get a drug dog on
 the scene.
 So he's saying no drug dog here, no problem.
 So that's what I said.
 I said it wasn't about women.
 It was about a dog.
 Oh, but I thought you were saying it was ridiculous to claim that it was not about women.
 And I'm still with Dan.
 And here's why.
 Look at the logic.
 Look at the grammar of the previous sentences.
 If you're having girl problems, I feel bad for you, son.
 I've got 99 problems, but a bitch ain't one.
 Well, girl is actually slang for a type of drug that this drug dog looks for.
 Of course.
 Yeah.
 Sorry.
 I just don't know the lingo.
 Yeah.
 Well, if you want to check out Jay-Z's 99 Problems verse two, a close reading with Fourth
 Amendment guidance for cops and perps.
 That's in the St. Louis University Law Journal, 2012.
 That's great.
 Yeah.
 Thank you, Kim.
 Law is time well spent.
 Bye.
 I quite like that being up.
 I think that should just be how I could buy for this every time, which is a surprise.
 You never know when it's coming.
 Yeah.
 Mic drop.
 Okay.
 That's it.
 I hope you enjoyed that episode of Drop Us a Line.
 Very interesting for Dan to get involved in the hosting there.
 We'll see how that goes in the next few months.
 It's almost like a soap opera, isn't it, as well as a correspondence bag.
 If you have any correspondence to send us, then please do email us podcast@qi.com.
 You can also tweet us on all of our normal Twitter accounts, which I'm sure you know
 by now.
 We'll be back in two weeks' time with some more bonus content.
 Who knows what it'll be?
 It's a lucky dip, and I really hope you enjoy the rest of your weekend or week, whenever
 you're listening to this bonus content, and to steal one of Andrew Hunter Murray's catch
 raises. Bye.
 (upbeat music)
