 [Music]
 Hi everybody, just a quick announcement before we start this week's show and that is that
 we have a special guest on. He's been on once before and he was so good that we decided
 we absolutely had to have him back. It's Jamie Morton from My Dad Wrote a Porno. He is the
 star. He is the one whose dad actually wrote a porno and we're having him on partly because
 he's a brilliant guest and also because it's a very sad time in podcast land because the
 final episodes of My Dad Wrote a Porno have just gone out all apart from the very, very
 last one which is coming out on the 12th of December and it features an exclusive interview
 with for the first time ever Rocky Flintstone himself, the Banksy of Erotica as they call
 him. Missed opportunity to call him the Wanksy of Erotica but never mind. Jamie was absolutely
 brilliant. This was such a fun episode to record. He is so funny. We think you're going
 to love it and so do check out the final My Dad Wrote a Porno episodes and all the other
 ones too. All right, on with the show.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming
 to you from the QI offices in Covent Garden. My name is Dan Schreiber. I am sitting here
 with Andrew Hunter Murray, James Harkin and special guest is Jamie Morton. And once again,
 we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts from the last seven
 days and in a particular order here we go. Starting with fact number one, that is Jamie.
 Okay, so my fact this week is this week. I'm not on the show. My fact is Barry Fitzgerald
 is the only actor in Oscar history to be nominated twice for the same role in the same film.
 Oh, was the film an early version of Mrs. Doubtfire? Best actor and best actress. Yeah,
 exactly. No, no. He had one role. It was Father Fitzgibbon in 1944's Going My Way, which did
 win Best Picture, actually. Yeah, he was he was nominated for both Best Leading Actor
 and Best Supporting Actor. Yeah, yeah, which is insane. It doesn't say much for the rest
 of the cast, does it? Exactly. But he won for Best Supporting Actor. So he could have
 conceived of the one for both. Yes, but it went to Bing Crosby, who was the lead in the
 film in it. Or Co-lead. Hang on to it. One best film, it won Best Actor for Bing Crosby.
 Yes. But then Fitzgerald lost Best Actor, but he won Best Supporting Actor. Yes, correct.
 That is amazing. I know. What a sweep. Yeah. Do you have to pay entry fees for the Oscar
 Oscars? That is a great question, James. Andy. Yeah. Yeah, you do. I imagine you do. You
 have to nominate yourself. Yeah, yeah. You have probably an administration fee, like
 20 quid or something. 20 quid. Probably. But this movie sort of set a lot of records.
 For example, it's the first film to ever have two actors win the Academy Award for Best
 Actor and Best Supporting Actor. It was the first movie to get the Academy Award for Directing
 and Writing, which was by a guy called Leo McKerry, who wrote and directed it. Oh, so
 he won two. He won two at that one. It was the first film to win Beck's picture at the
 Academy Awards and the Golden Globes. It was the first picture to win Best Picture and
 Best Song. It has all these records as the first movie. No one's seen it. I never heard
 of it. Exactly. It seems such a waste. I suppose 1944 we had other things to worry about. Didn't
 they hit Europe? Well, it's interesting you should say that because during the war, all
 Oscar statues were made of plaster instead of gold or gold plated bronze, which is what
 they're actually made of. So he got a a plaster Oscar and he was a massive golf fan was old
 Barry Fitzgerald. And he was practicing his golf swing one day and he decapitated his
 Oscar. That's a great picture of him with like the head and the body. I was reading a bit
 more about this guy, Barry Fitzgerald. Yeah, yeah. Oh, interesting man. Yeah. He was childhood
 playmates with the siblings of okay, fine. James Joyce. Okay, not James. No, they thought
 he was weird. He was older and they said that he had a beard and glasses and was always
 reading books and so didn't play with him. His name Barry Fitzgerald. It's not his real
 name is it? And usually you do that because you arrive into the world of the arts and
 someone has your name and so you have to register your name right and you change it. But for
 him it was because he was trying to hide from the fact that he was sort of doubling on his
 work when he was meant to be working in the civil service. So they wouldn't, his name
 would be on the bill and they wouldn't know it was him. The worst thing was he worked
 in the unemployment department. So they had all of that. Yeah, they had all of the lists
 of who was supposed to be working and who wasn't supposed to be working. So all of his mates
 would have known that he was. He's a movie star. Oh, this is hard to hide because when
 he started, he was doing plays. He worked in the Abbey Theatre with Sharon Yates as
 well. So more. Oh, what a milieu. I know. He was once almost kidnapped before the opening
 night of a play he was in. By his boss who said you should be working. It was quite a controversial
 play and Ireland was very recently out of a civil war. You know, it was a febrile time
 and the play had a lot of controversial stuff in it and the Irish Times reported this. It
 was in 1926. Several gun boys turned up at Fitzgerald's mum's house. I don't want a
 gun boy. A young gunman. I mean, we've got a gun man. That's the thing. Yeah. I think
 people who carry guns around between places, maybe like gun runners or young people, maybe
 might be. Well, anyway, the gun boys were there at the door and they met his mum and
 they said, right, we're here to take him. Just keep him safe until the opening night
 is gone. So he won't be able to appear on stage in this play. Right. And she said, well,
 he doesn't live here. This is his mum. And I'm not telling you where he is. And so they
 had to go away and then he did the play. Wow. Yeah. What polite gun boys. Just because
 the gun boys still live at home doesn't mean that everybody's sleeping. They were 12. They're
 almost like knocking his barry. Okay, to come out and play, please. Have any of you ever
 held an Oscar in real life? Oh my God. I reckon there's an addict out coming out. You haven't
 lived boys. And I'll tell you something. I've held two. Same time. Same time. Oh my God.
 I went, I was name drop hideous, name drop, but I was at Emma Thompson's house for doing
 that. She's not that hideous. No, the name drop. She's lovely. She fed me and everything.
 No, but in her downstairs loo, her two Oscars right there. An interesting fact about Emma
 Thompson, you might know this, that she's the only person in history to have won Oscars
 for writing and acting. Still to this day. What? Yeah. Were they both for, I mean, was
 the writing one censored sensibility? Correct. And the acting one. I thought Jane Austen wrote
 that. Well, agreed. It was a controversial year. It's like when Kenneth Branagh won the
 Oscar for Macbeth or whatever he thought. Best adapted screenplay literally just used
 the words. He didn't actually win for that. I was going to come onto that. You mentioned
 Kenneth Branagh. You know, they used to be married. What? I did not know that. They
 used to be married and he just won an Oscar for writing Belfast at the last Oscars. And
 if he were to win an acting Oscar, him and Emma Thompson would be the only people in
 history to have acting and writing. And he's been nominated for two acting Oscars. So it's
 not beyond the realms of possibility. We sort of parent trap them back together, right?
 Well, maybe not. I think she's very happily married to Greg Wise, but you know.
 Jeremy, did you take a selfie of yourself in Emma Thompson's toilet? And what he was
 holding to Oscars? I mean, what were you taking a selfie with? Well, I didn't, but my friend
 did. And then weirdly later on in the evening, somehow, I think we were taking pictures and
 like we were like saying, oh, that had dropped me the more ever. And Gaia, Am's daughter,
 took his phone and found, honestly, about 50 selfies. She was like, oh, my God, that's
 so embarrassing. But I didn't because, you know, too classy. Yeah, wait till you get
 your own. Well, I'll be waiting a while. But I'm not sure that Barry Fitzgerald should
 have got the Oscar for Best Supporting Actor. Well, for example, there's a little a little
 goof in this, which is that so he plays a Catholic priest in this film, but Barry himself
 was Protestant. So he wasn't kind of fully aware of how priests act. And in the film,
 I haven't seen the film myself, but I didn't deserve the award. They want you. Well, apparently
 when he does the crossing of himself, you know, he does it the wrong way, which feels
 like as an actor, you would look into the basics and post. Oh, my God, that's possible.
 He doesn't do it the wrong way upside down, though. He does it right to left away. He
 should be doing it left to right. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I think you meant to do the left to
 right. You do top to bottom. I go top to bottom, left to right. That's correct. Yeah. So yeah,
 take it back. Take it back. Curiously isn't everything in the arts, Dan. It's an interpretation.
 Do you think maybe he was making a comment on Catholicism as in, you know, like the devil
 probably would do it that way. Yes, yes, really good call. Oh my God, it's even deeper than
 I realized it was. Do you know that it's, this is a bit of a reach, guys, but I found
 this and I thought I'd share it. Male actors who have won or been nominated for an Oscar
 are statistically more likely to get divorced than their osculous acting peers. Interesting
 because because they've just got women throwing themselves at them. Well, because there's
 a thing called the negative consequences of positive status shifts. So basically when
 you get a bit arrogant because you've just been nominated or won an Oscar, men tend to
 leave their wives. Interesting. I could do so much better. And then there was, I remember
 years ago reading a book where Dustin Hoffman, struggling actor for years and getting bit
 rolls and stuff suddenly gets cast in the graduates. Yeah. And this line being that
 when he got the call, he tells his wife and they just stared at each other and there's
 an unspoken thing that's happening there, which is this is the end of our marriage.
 Bloody hell. Yeah, because he's now going to be, he's going to be globally famous and
 obviously he's going to go off and obviously that's obviously in the room to them too. It
 was obvious to them too in that moment that that was the end of their marriage.
 Gosh. To be fair, this does remind me a little bit of the time. I don't know if you, Dan
 and James, remember the time we won our first, uh, Chortle Awards. Yeah, I do remember that.
 We all split up when our partners didn't leave immediately. Speaking of Oscars. I keep my
 charsal wad in the bathroom, actually, um, which has led to a lot of weird stains on
 it, but. I keep one of my wards in the bathroom as well. We won a Webby Award. One of my wards?
 One of many. They don't all fit in the cabinet. That's the problem. So mine is next to a,
 um, a review that I got in the Sunday times, which called my dad wrote in porno the quote
 worst cultural event of the decade. So it's ying and yang in my bathroom. It was in the
 Christmas edition of the Sunday times, 2019. It was like a roundup of the decade and some
 absolutely poisonous little, little, little, little toad of a journalist. I won't name
 him. He knows who he is. Um, he finds a way to worm us into any bad review he ever gives.
 This was terrible, but not as bad as my dad wrote in a porno. So he'll be thrilled that
 we're ending. Um, yes, I thought it's important to kind of have them both to realize that
 neither really matter, do they? Oh, that's very good. That's like, um, Reddy Kipling,
 isn't it? If the tribe from the disaster, and you know, you treat them both the same.
 It's exactly like that. I'm often called. Um, if you go on IMDB, they have lots of sort
 of tagging that you can do and people just go and do it. It's not like an official thing,
 but, um, there's loads of different tags and each movie might have 20 different tags. Uh,
 someone went through them to see if there's any correlation between these tags and whether
 you can win an Oscar or not. Uh, and the apparently there are some keywords that have never been
 even nominated for an Oscar. So zombie food fight and breast implant. There has never
 been a movie with any of those three things that has ever been nominated for an Oscar.
 I don't think that's true. It's the tagging. So it could be that's because I'm pretty sure
 that hook has a fantastic food fight. Absolutely not. But it must be something like production
 design or song or something. You're saying that my screenplay, my double D undead custard
 brawl is not probably not Oscar worthy. Just quickly ask in my double D undead custard
 brawl brawl. Sorry. Um, is it the simply the breasts that are undead? It is. It's about
 a woman who goes in for a routine operation, a breast enlargement and she gets given the
 breasts of a dead person. Ah, yes. Yeah. And it's, and they come to life and they can put
 still attached to her and she's alive. Wow. That's weird. You rarely have a zombie attached
 to a human who's alive. We don't have a woman on this podcast where we normally do. But
 um, is that how breasts implants work? They just take the breasts off another person and
 stick them onto you. Is that right? I believe, I believe so. I did need to do the screenplay
 is still in the research phase. Russell Crowe has an Oscar. Doesn't he? Russell Crowe has
 one for gladiator. Yeah, he's got a few. He's got a best actor. No, he's the only one
 wants. But you know where he keeps his, um, Oscar, he doesn't keep them in his bathroom
 like, Oh, okay. I haven't been to his house and taken self. Oscar. Okay. Um, what's the
 most Russell Crowe place to keep an Oscar? Like his barn or something. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
 So close. In his chariot, I bet he has the chariot from gladiator. He's got, um, in a
 haystack. He's like, it's a needle in a haystack and he keeps it in his haystack. It's like
 it's a sort of metaphor. It's like your thing. Yeah. Has he got colosseum? Did he take that
 home as a prop? He has a chicken coop and he keeps it in his chicken coop at his ranch
 and he claims that it helps his hens to lay bigger eggs. Wow. All the cock crows sadly
 leave the chickens. That's the problem. Yeah. Yeah. Rosamund Pike buries her rewards in
 the garden. What? Yeah. So weird. She's so bloody goth, Rosamund Pike. She's all classy
 and la, la, la. Actually, there's a heart of darkness. She like leaves a little bit
 of the top of them to kind of glint in the sun. That's nice. Yeah. I know. It's, it's
 kind of interesting, isn't it? And what awards her she won? She's won like a Golden Globe.
 She hasn't got a chortle. She hasn't got a chortle. Well, you can't sacrilege to bury
 a chortle in the garden. They'll come and dig it up and take it off you. Okay, it is
 time for fact number two and that is my fact. My fact this week is that one of the attractions
 at Disneyland in 1956 was the bathroom of tomorrow, which included amongst other exciting
 exhibits an array of interactive faucets and a dramatic story of valves. Not valves. Yeah.
 What a narrative. What a narrative. Ripping. Any Oscars in this bathroom? Oh, God, this
 should be right. Except the, well, there's not, but the whole thing is kind of one big
 Oscar because it's gold the entire thing. Yeah. The idea was in the fifties, they thought
 in the future, everyone will have a gold bathroom. I think so. Basically. Exactly. Only Donald
 Trump has managed to make that dream a reality. Yeah. So this was part of an area of Disneyland
 that was opened along with the original Disneyland in America called Tomorrowland and Tomorrowland
 was going to have lots of exhibits where they could showcase how the world was going to
 look in the futuristic future of 1986. And it included things like this bathroom of tomorrow,
 whereby air conditioning was going to be in there. There were dumbbells so that you could
 do exercise while you're having a bath that were on the side of the bath, you know, all
 these sorts of like little innovations, but the whole premise of it, it was done by a
 company called the crane company. They were selling it now. So the bathroom of tomorrow
 was actually today. And yeah. And so this was one of many of these little exhibitions
 that were put on that were slightly sponsored by corporations who wanted to showcase their
 related stuff within this area of Disney. Yeah. Very cool. It was designed by Henry
 Dreyfuss, who was a designer. Dreyfuss also designed the classic black telephone, you
 know, this one that you basically see everywhere. He also invented most of the Hoover models
 of vacuum cleaners, the upright ones. And he was also the chair of the meeting of the
 International Organization of Standards Committee in Berlin when they kind of came up with
 all the different signs that there would be around the world. You know, like if you got
 to an airport, the sign for a taxi rank is the same everywhere. Yeah, I love that kind
 of stuff. I love those shadowy organizations that, you know, secretly, secretly dealing
 with signs. And I did, I went on a mad research bender last year for QI about plug, plug sockets
 and standardization of plug sockets. Yeah. Yeah. And are we going to hear fear about
 it now? I think for everyone's benefit. That would be the worst cultural events of the
 2020s if we did that. I had such an amazing time doing the research. I looked back and
 I've written about 20 paragraphs of just dross. So, yeah. This bathroom does have some good
 things in it. It had a sink, which you can adjust the height of. You just sort of pull
 it up or down. That's clever. Yeah. Accessible. Accessible. And, and if, you know, for kids,
 they can pull it right down and, you know, it's there. And it was hydraulic powered.
 And I think that's, that's cool. It's a good idea. Yeah. I mean, it totally a huge pain
 in the bum to install. But, you know, once it's in, it's in. Exactly. You know, yeah.
 Never think about it again. Yeah. And is it still there? No, it shut down after a couple
 of years. Yeah. It surprisingly was not as exciting for kids as they, as they probably
 thought it was. Well, this isn't just for kids, Dan. It's also for adults. Absolutely true.
 Yeah. I have worked for Disney parks and resorts for, have you? Like more than 15 years. I direct
 a lot of stuff. Are you in the mouse suit? No, you're not. There is no mouse suit, James.
 Oh, sorry. Mickey. Yeah. So I have been to the parks a lot. Wait, wait, wait, but there
 is a suit, right? No, he's saying it's just Mickey. It's just new. It's just a new rodent
 man running around, genetically modified mouse man. Mickey mouse. That's cool. Yeah, it's
 cool. So I have been there a lot, actually. And have you then got access? We've spoken
 in the past on the podcast about all these like crazy corridors that you can go. Yeah.
 The tunnels underneath what Disney has done all that. I've been in those tunnels. They
 are called, what are they called? They're called the Utilidores. All of these tunnels.
 And you know, they're actually not a basement. People think they're the basement, but because
 it's built in Florida, and it's essentially on a swamp, you can't have basements in Florida.
 Okay. So it's all. So everything else is on the first floor? Exactly. Magic Kingdoms
 on the first floor. What? Yeah. That's so funny. And if you walk up to Magic Kingdom,
 it's on a very, very subtle slope. So you're actually climbing up a full flight of stairs
 as you approach Magic Kingdom. That's incredible. That's incredible. Yeah. Wow. But those tunnels
 are mad. And there's everything in there. There's like coffee shops. There's like dry cleaners.
 Yeah, it's amazing for the staff, exclusive staff. Yeah. And it's good to kind of get
 people through the park so that like no character or cast member from one part of the park will
 ever be seen in a different part of the park. They'll just go through the tunnels. I imagine
 like a race of troglodytes who live under there and have never come to the first floor.
 Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's that. I don't think it would be a great movie. Yeah. Disney
 will never make now. From the maker of Double D undead custom brawl comes. This does quickly
 on Tomorrowland before he goes to Broad Disney. It does sound absolutely bananas because
 all of it was sponsored by one company or another. And there were so the house of the future
 itself was actually sponsored by Monsanto, who later became extremely controversial as
 one of the makers of Agent Orange. Oh, really? Yeah. So Disney kind of dropped that sponsorship
 once. Yeah. Sort of, you know, came out. But all of these different firms. So American
 Dairy Association, American Motors, National Lead Paint, who sound great. Wow. Very much
 of an era, aren't they? Very mid 20th century. The Dutch Boy Color Gallery was sponsored
 by Dutch Boy Paint. Wow. Wow. Can't find much more information about it. Friends with
 the gun buys. Yeah. Amazing. And when they opened it, they didn't cut a ribbon, did they?
 They just turned some taps on instead of yeah. Yeah. Because it was the house of the future.
 Just to show that it's the future. Yeah. What's more of the past than cutting a ribbon? Yeah.
 I was told by someone that I worked with over there that this is an it is insane, this fact.
 Okay. And I'm not sure if I believe it, but he told me and I and he's very any work. So
 yeah, quite senior where though, is he one of the trouble adults? Has he gone nuts? He's
 not seen sun in 10 years. Let's just call him Mr Mickey M. No, the boss. No, 4% of all
 the photographs taken in the United States are taken at either Disneyland or Disney World.
 4%. 4%. It's not insane. It's quite a big country, isn't it? Yeah. States of America.
 4% is that's amazing. Mad, right? Yeah. It doesn't. You're right to be skeptical. Yeah.
 I was like, is that true? But wow, amazing. And you know, they also isn't just theme parks.
 They have cruise ships. Right. Have you been on a Disney cruise? I have. Oh my God. Okay.
 I've got so many questions to ask you. Right. Okay. This is amazing. Wow. I've never seen
 you so animated. Yeah. Not since we started talking about plugs that time. Okay. I was
 reading an article called Disney cruise secrets. Right. And I have to say it was the most disappointing
 article I've ever read. Okay. Let me just, I'm just going to tell you a few of the secrets,
 right? The Disney cruise secrets. Okay. Okay. Secret number one, Disney cruise state rooms
 are not ready until one 30 p.m. Secret. Secret. How's that a secret? I know it's only a secret
 when someone rocks up at 1230 and they say, yes, it's ready. Secret number five, you
 can bring bottled water on board. Secret number 14, Disney will provide you with soap. Oh,
 the soap's so good on the cruises. It's some of the best soap you've ever had in your entire
 life. I may have taken it with me. It's really good. Okay. So that is a secret. Yeah. Yeah.
 So can you confirm about the rooms are not being ready until one 30 p.m. I actually can't
 confirm that because here's the thing with those ships is that you have to get off them
 really early because they have a, they're, they're changed over the same day. So everyone's
 going to be off the ship by like nine or something. So how long are you on it for? Is it a few
 days? You can do two nights. You can do four nights. Dan, you can do a week. I'm now a
 travel agent. But so yeah, I guess the turnaround is that they, yeah, so until one 30, that
 gives them time to clean all the, all the stator rooms. That must be a chaotic four and a half
 hours on board. Just finding out what's left in all the rooms. I mean, that happens in
 every hotel in the world. It must be absolutely. But what's fascinating about the Disney cruise
 line is that they're the only cruise line on the planet that has fireworks at sea. Okay.
 So, yeah. So they have a big deck party normally on the penultimate night and they have fireworks
 that set off from the ship. And what's fascinating about these fireworks is that they are made
 from a biodegradable material so that when they hit the water, they become fish food.
 Oh, that's cool. Isn't that cool? That is really cool. Is it, do you need special dispensation
 for fireworks at sea? I think they would be able to. Yeah. Because it might be seen as
 a signal. It might look like flares, right? An SOS. Yeah. Wow. They're going very whimsical
 with that. They're very extravagant flares. Wow. They're sinking, but they also want to
 let them goofy is having a great time. I was once on one of these ships and they have these
 rides on board the ship. It's like a slide that goes off the edge. Oh, you know, this
 one is like kind of you stand on like a trap door and it opens and you go down a shoot
 and stuff. I got all the way up to the top, stood on the trap door and I was too heavy.
 But instead of saying, I'm sorry, sir, you're too heavy, they said, I'm so sorry, buddy.
 You're just too full of magic today. Too full of magic. I mean, I could see what they were
 going for, but it was even more annoying. I was like, just call me a fat bastard to be
 honest. That's so funny. So I had to walk all the way down in front of all the children
 and their parents. You said to each one, too full of magic. I was like, I forgot something
 in my room. Sorry, couldn't get into 130. It was a low point on what was otherwise a
 beautiful trip. Okay, it is time for fact number three, and that is Andy. My fact is that 5%
 of the world's electricity is spent turning big rocks into small rocks. Mad. That is mad.
 5%. That is crazy for something that sounds unbelievably dull. I know, but this is this
 is big. This is a big business. So what exactly is it? Because I'm I mean, I tried to research
 this topic. I failed. I'm not going to lie. I will be a passenger for this podcast. Andy
 educate me. I found this in an interview. I was reading an interview with a guy called
 John Stanton who specializes in crushing big rocks into small rocks. That's his line of
 work. He's a big rock crusher. And basically, when you're mining, you might get some big
 rocks out of the ground. But the ore is inside those and you can't just you can't just deal
 with the big rock you've got. You need to turn it into a small rock. Yeah, you need a
 rock crushing machine. And there are lots of great lots of great models available on the
 market. Yeah, can I ask when you say he's a big rock crusher? Is he a big as in like
 big in the industry rock crusher? Or is it specifically he's a big rock? I think it's
 all for those works on the two levels. I don't know how big he is as a man as well. It could
 work on three levels. I don't know. I don't know much magic. It doesn't. I saw that piece
 in the times. He's got as much magic as me. Wow. It's called comminution, isn't it? Turning
 big rocks into little rocks. Oh man. And then you screen them and then you might grind them
 smaller again. Yeah, crushing grinding. Do you know what's better wet grinding or dry grinding?
 Oh my God. Because they're both done. I do know. I've got an Instagram. No. I would feel
 like, what do you say better? Yeah. Grinding mills can be operated both dry and wet according
 to the encyclopedia Britannica. Let's go wet. Yeah. And wet grinding is predominant. Yeah.
 Wow. So what is wet grinding you just add? Give me a break. Literally read it directly
 from the encyclopedia Britannica. You add water to the crushing. Yeah. I just wonder why it
 helps. I guess it's lubricates. Yeah, lubrication. And it helps with like the dust probably. Absolutely.
 But when you cut into flagstones and things, it helps have a bit of water to kind of. That's
 true. How do you come from? I'm sorry guys have arrived. What can I say? Yeah. But most
 of them are like massive nutcrackers basically. They're all top loaded because then the pressure
 from the rocks above acts on the rocks that you're trying to crush down and so they're
 being forced into two different directions. Right. And you just feed the rock in and the
 rock cracks and because the metal surfaces are harder than the rock, that's, you know,
 that's the process. And then eventually when it's small enough, it's a dust and you can
 get the lithium out or the gold. So hang on. So you're using big rocks as your tool to
 crush the former big rock into smaller rock. It's helping. It's a partner. It's actually
 a thing called auto genus milling. It's literally just the rocks that you're crushing are all
 crushing each other. That's so cool. That's incredible. I love that. I was reading about
 the history of crushing rocks. Think too small. And one of us had to. I just want to give
 a shout out to the website machinerypartner.com. Okay. Because I'm quoting directly here. It
 was event in 1881 when Phyllitus W Gates got a US patent for his device, which was that
 was the sort of rock crusher. That was the basic model. Phyllitus. Not a name you hear
 often these days, is it? Yeah, Phil Gates. In 1883, Mr Blake challenged Mr Gates to crush
 nine cubic yards of stone in a contest to see which crusher would finish the job faster.
 The Gates crusher completed the task 40 minutes sooner. I was looking into humans who can
 crush rocks. Oh, that's good thing. Because I thought before we had machines, we must have
 needed humans. Yeah. Yeah. And then I thought, you know, can anyone do it with their bare
 hands? And I actually found the first non-Roman emperor, Maximus Thrax, who was supposedly
 a rock crusher. The first non-Roman emperor? Yeah. As in he wasn't born in the Roman Empire.
 Yeah, but he was. Sorry, but he was Emperor of Rome. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. And he's a person
 who was very tall, but because he was quite a lot taller than most people, the exaggerations
 have been written down and it's hard to know where he was. So supposedly, and this was a
 Roman emperor, he was eight feet, six inches tall. No. Yeah. Apparently, his, his thumb
 was so large that he wore his wife's bracelet as a ring on it. That's how he's gonna hitch
 hike in that guy. And so during public events, he used to impress people by picking up rocks
 and crushing them with his bare hands and pulling wagons on his own. Yeah. Feels a bit
 demeaning for the Emperor of Rome to be having to do like, "Hey!" He had a very short tenure.
 It was three years as Emperor because he was overthrown because of his disastrous idea
 on war, just by some people, some other people. Yeah, just that's very impressive that they
 managed to overthrow. I mean, it's not just him fighting against everyone. He's not like,
 "Let's do a thumb war. Anyone can beat me in a thumb war. I will hand over." Oh God, yeah.
 But he's telling the gladiators whether or not they've survived or not. There's no mistake
 in doing that. It's like a foam hand in a basketball match. So this was a really interesting
 topic for me. Yeah. So I have decided to go a little off-piste and discuss The Rock. Did
 you know that The Rock's nickname as a kid was Jewy? I bet you didn't. No. Jewy. Jewy.
 Was it covered in dew? Yes, exactly. And that's the reason why. Do you know that he has a
 degree in criminology? I bet none of you knew that. He's an ordinary minister, guys. He's
 an ordinary... Okay, that's more understandable. That makes sense. On Jewy, is it like Huey,
 Jewy and Louis kind of thing? Do we know why? Or is it the Jewy decibel system? He's spent
 all his time in the library as a kid. I'm going to be honest, these are bullet points.
 I haven't really delve deep into it. Do you guys know what the smallest rock is? Here
 we go. Back to business. Back to proper rocks, boys. Well, okay. Well, what is a rock? You
 know, is a speck of dust a rock? No. Oh, it's not. Is a pebble a rock? Yes, I think it is.
 Okay. Is it grit? Is it smaller than grit? You guys are never going to get it. Talc seems
 pretty small. Yeah. Yeah. It's clay. Clay. Clay. Oh my God. Clay. Clay. Clay. I'm so
 excited. I'm going to have to really sell this coffee. Okay. No, this is really interesting.
 Genuinely, this sounds so boring. I appreciate that. You don't need to keep saying that.
 Everything in this segment follows that trend. So, which is smaller, sand or clay? We now
 know it's clay. It's clay. But you might not have thought that, right? No, no, clay. Like
 sand feels so fine. Like, you know, the very fine Caribbean sand, it feels so fine. Okay.
 So clay particles are unbelievably tiny. What is clay? Small rocks. It's a sort of little
 silica. I think it's a silicate. Okay. But yeah, you never feel it as like sand. It doesn't
 fall through your fingers. Yeah. Exactly. Right. But I think you've got clay soils and
 stuff like that and there it is in granular form. So particles of clay can be less than
 0.002 millimeters across. I think that's two microns possibly. It's unbelievably small.
 So the largest particle of clay you can get is not even a thousandth as big as the smallest
 particle of sand in the world. That's incredible. That's the scale of difference we're talking
 about. I take it all back. And this is the really weird thing. Clay particles can be
 so small. I'm quoting directly from a site I read here. Clay particles can be so small
 that it could take hundreds of years for them to settle from the top to the bottom of a
 bottle of water. What? Because it just takes everything gets in their way. Everything, you
 know, the tiny molecule of anything just disrupts the clay from its path. And this is why clay
 soil is so sticky is because there are so many spaces in between these tiny, tiny particles.
 The water fits in between the particles. So it just holds huge amounts of water. That's
 why clay soil is so heavy. Has someone actually done that experiment? No. We've had a plastic
 a hundred years ago. Yeah. Well, that's if they started then they would have, they would
 have watched it hit the bottom. I'm afraid I don't think anyone's done that experiment
 properly, but it just needs sort of. Yeah. And also we're actually banning plastic. Yeah.
 We don't want to encourage that. Do we? Sorry. I found a mystery rock. Oh, it's a mystery
 rock that grows baby rocks. And it it's very bizarre. So and it's only found so far as
 we know in one place in the world, or at least so far as the article claims. And this is
 in Romania. And it's in a town called Costesti. And these are called trovant rocks. T R O
 V A N T. If you saw the rock one day, and it's raining overnight or whatever, and you come
 back the next day, suddenly the rock has grown. It's got like a bulbous new bit of rock that's
 on top of it. And they basically secret cement and hardened. So what happens is during rain,
 during a heavy shower, they absorb the rain minerals, and then they come into contact
 with chemicals that are inside the rock, which then create a pressure reaction, which pushes
 out this kind of concrete. And sometimes they become so bulbous that they loosen and they
 fall off. And that's the baby rock that's created next to the rock. Other times they
 just stick like giant pimples coming out of them. We could utilize it to build things
 like build a bridge. You put one of these rocks and then you fire a hose at it and then
 shake it. Yes, exactly. Yeah, I think it's true. And some are some are tiny. They can
 be really, really tiny or 15 feet high, these rocks. So when the bulbous bits are secreted,
 they're like giant rocks. Yeah, two Roman emperors. Yeah, like what? And you just get
 it in this one spot in the world so far as we know. Wow. So interesting. Yeah. But did
 you know that the rock has a tattoo that took 60 hours to do? So what is it off? Yes.
 Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show. And that is James. Okay, my fact this
 week is that one of the biggest TV events of 1966 involved someone reading extracts from
 a book written by a relative known as Rocky Flintstone. What? This is an outrage. This
 is insane, James. This is an accusation of plagiarism. Isn't it? Against my father. This
 is astonishing. I have never heard this. So I was just reading the old newspaper archives
 and I searched for Rocky Flintstone because I thought maybe there was someone with that
 actual name who lived in the past. And I couldn't find anyone like that. But there was a big
 spike of mentions in 1966. And that was then the final episode of the Flintstones Ed. And
 you can still watch this today online. It's an episode where Fred finds an old diary of
 his grandfather, Rocky Flintstone. His name was Rock Bottom Flintstone, but he was nicknamed
 Rocky. That's an even better name for my dad. And it was about a running with some Stone
 Age Nazis and a romantic escape with a character called Mataharok, like who's based on Matahari
 this man. So there's a little bit of romance in there as well. Do you know what? That makes
 some sort of sense because my dad, my dad recently tried to trademark Rocky Flintstone
 because he's an idiot. And he thinks that's going to be able to be done. And he got a letter
 back from Warner Brothers basically saying, absolutely not. No circumstances. And actually
 you're lucky that we're not suing you for using it up until this point. But you know what?
 The parallels here go a bit further than just the name being the same. So my dad wrote a
 porno is ending now after six seasons because we're being sued by the Flintstone. And the
 final episode of my dad wrote a porno is going to feature for the first time, Rocky
 Flintstone himself. That is the first ever appearance of Rocky Flintstone. Someone's
 read the press release. So Flintstones, this episode where Rocky Flintstone appears for
 the first time is the final episode of season six. Yeah, so it's the exact same scenario
 as you. That's so what this is. So did you have any idea that your dad, I mean, has your
 dad seen the episode of the Flintstones? No. Did you sort of see it and then forget all
 about it and then years later? No, because he would have been, I think it's just an
 awesome name and the coincidence. Yeah, well, he was he named himself the Rocky after a
 dog in Brazil, which we don't need to go to. But the Flintstone bit was because he really
 relates to, you know, in the title sequence, yeah, when he gets locked out the house, he
 gets like back to the talk. Yes. Yeah, that's very much like my parents. So I think that
 that's where he was inspired from. But that is mad that is actually a character and the
 grandfather of Fred, you said. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. So one generation difference,
 but closer. And I watched a bit of the episode in it. It's going from Fred reading out loud
 to his wife and Barney, his friends. So it's a similar thing. Extracts of the diary out
 loud while they then cut to the scenes itself. I think there's something of Alice in Wilma
 as well. Is it there? What do you not say? Yeah. Redhead. Yeah. I mean, I'm not sure
 how I feel about this. That makes me think my whole career has been a lie. But obviously
 the Flintstones was massive and the 60s was absolutely enormous. And so the end of the
 Flintstones was watched by, I don't know how many people I couldn't, they didn't have the
 actual figures, but it was like 30% of the TV watching. Wow. Yeah. And it was the end
 of the original series because obviously it's gone on and on and so on. But we're going
 to talk about the Flintstones movies later on. Don't you worry. I bloody hope so. Iconic
 bits of cinema. But the Flintstones, the cartoon, I didn't realise, was also originally aimed
 at adults just as much as children. Yeah. All cast late in late evening. Primetime show,
 8.30pm. Yeah. And I really liked the fact it was originally called the Flagstones. And
 then the Gladstones. Yeah. And then the Flintstones, they finally hit on that as a, because those
 two both sounds so weird. Yeah. A comedy called the Flagstones. Have you seen the pilot of
 the Flagstones? No. No. I actually watched it. All 90 seconds of it. 90 seconds. And
 it was, it was good. It's amazing that it got picked up. Are you saying it is good or
 is it? It is good. It is good. But it doesn't have the magic of the Flintstones. Was it the
 same characters as well? Yeah. Okay. Right. Yeah. But it was made in 1959 but never aired
 until 1994 when it was discovered. Okay. Right. We should watch it. It's interesting
 to see. 1994 is the year that the Flintstones movie came out. No. Yeah. So anyway, in the
 original series, one of the things that to appeal to adults as well that they did, I'm
 pushing on, is they would have celebrity guests that would come on or they would parody celebrities
 of the day in order to give some comic, as you would say, for the adult sort of recognition.
 So quick quiz, because they loved a pun. They absolutely loved a pun. Okay. Cary Grant is
 a character. What has he been renamed? Clay Grant. Oh, that's good. Cary Granite. Yes.
 1-0. Tony Curtis, who voiced himself is on. What is he called? Boney Curtis because they
 were in there. That's good. Yeah. No. Close. You're in the right area of the name. Stony
 Curtis. Yeah. Keep going. They're one of these. Yeah. There's Rock Hudson. Amazingly. Yeah.
 It's Rock Hudson stone. Oh my God. And Halle Berry in the movie, the Flintstones. I don't
 know if you're keen to talk about that. She was actually directly named after a famous
 female celebrity. Halle Beryl. No. So, no. So you've got to step away from Halle's name
 all together. Shelly Berry. No. No. What? Hallite Berry. No. Her name is nothing to do with
 it. Right. It's another famous actress. The character's name. Yeah. The character's name
 is actress. Yeah. Named after another famous actress. Shelly's The Rock. No. So there's
 no pun. It's just outright her name. Sharon Stone. Yeah. There we go. And she's called
 Sharon Stone in the movie. Halle Berry is called Sharon Stone in the movie. But that's enough
 on the movie. Let's get back to the TV series. Well, just lots of, I really find it interesting
 that the sort of adult elements of it, because I did not, I never watched the Flintstones
 really. Really? Yeah. Just not referring to me with it. I guess so. But it's, they, they,
 they were sponsored by cigarettes in the original days, which Winston Andy, how many times did
 I have to tell you? Jesus. Anyway, they were sponsored by this film, Winston Cigarettes.
 Was that when it was going out to children? It feels like that was when it was being shot.
 Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Even then it was good. Well, yeah, because advertising was just different
 back then. They were advertising to adults. They weren't, they weren't kids smoking. Have
 you seen that as well? I actually watched that. Yeah. It isn't the smoking that got me. It's
 the outrageous misogyny of those two men. Oh, really? It is insane. Like Barley and Fred
 are just like watching their wives do loads of chores and housework. And then they're
 like, let's go around the back and they sneak off and they just like, oh, like reclining and
 just smoking and just chatting and watching their wives work. Right. They are cavemen,
 but it is literally. There's a theory that the Flintstones are from the future, which
 I quite like. That's the Jetsons. Well, they do meet the Jetsons at one stage, don't they?
 So that's part of the theory. Okay. One theory is because they have four fingers. Obviously,
 we have five fingers in this time. So perhaps the little finger has sort of vestigially disappeared
 because you don't need it anymore because, you know, what do you use your little finger
 for? You're right. And we never had four fingers. So that has to be an evolution. Yeah. They,
 the animals in the Flintstones can speak. Obviously, these days, animals can't speak
 and never in the past, as far as we know, have animals been able to speak. Yes. So perhaps
 in the future, they will be able to speak. Humans coexisting with dinosaurs never happened
 in the past. So Jurassic Park. Is it a sequel to Jurassic Park? The theory is that it's
 a post-apocalyptic future where all current technology has collapsed. They're trying
 to replicate it using the mutant dinosaurs. My theory is that they listened to this podcast
 and rocks became so popular because of the last section that we just did away with all
 of the technology and people lived in a rock-based society. Yeah, I'd live there. I'd move. Wow.
 Did you guys see the Flintstones kids just say no holiday special? I missed that one.
 This was something that went out in 1988 and it was a public service say no to drugs Flintstones
 episode. Brilliant. Oh man. Can I tell you the plot? Yes, please. So the Flintstones kids,
 it's like young Flintstones. It's just bam, bam and pebbles. No, it's not. It's actually
 the main generation we know, but they're trying to win tickets to a Michael Jackson
 concert who in this is called Michael Jackstone. Thank you. Exactly. And Wilma is tempted to
 join up with a gang of older kids whose leader, Stony, smokes, crack marijuana. Unfortunately.
 You're right. They should have gone with it. And then we'll talk to her parents and they
 tell her that a real friend wouldn't offer you drugs. And Stony is arrested for drug usage
 and ends with a version of Michael Jackstone's song beat it. And the episode also features
 Nancy Reagan as herself. Does she have a funny name? I think she might have been doing a
 kind of extra like hi everybody, you know, rather than Nancy Reagan. Yeah, that is a
 really hot. That's probably why she never made it onto the Flintstones. Can we talk a little
 bit about the movie? Oh, go on. Okay. Well, this is kind of tangential. It's not really
 about the movies, even though it is the B 52s. Oh, yes, the band. Yes. Love Jack of
 love Jack Fane. Yeah. What a tune. They recorded versions of meet the Flintstones and the bedrock
 twitch, which I'm sure you've got that record. Did you? The B 52s are they did change their
 name? They changed their name to the BC 52. And they even appeared on the top 40 chart
 as the BC 52. That's great. Everyone got on board. I really want to see both the Flintstones
 film and the Flintstones film sequel, Viva Rock Vegas. Yeah. So you've seen both. Of course.
 Yeah. I just mentioned to my wife that we were recording this. I've seen that. How they
 buried tries to have sex with John Goodman in the film. And it's quite, it's quite a
 sort of saucy plot where John Goodman is Fred Flintstone because he's incredibly eminent
 as an actor now and seeing him in 1994 playing Fred Flintstone is very funny. But he looked
 so like Fred Flintstone. It's amazing to have to say yes. Is it not a good film? It's, it's
 quite like his cult film. It was commercially successful. But afterwards, the entire cast
 refused to return for the sequel, which is why prequel Viva Rock Vegas was recast entirely.
 Nobody the same. Yeah. Because the first of its own movie is Elizabeth Taylor's last
 ever film, which is really terrible. The casting is amazing. What a way to go out. It's got
 Rick Moranis. It's got Elizabeth Taylor. They clearly thought they had something. One thing
 I read was that Rick Moranis basically quit acting after this movie because they realized
 that they were using him. He peaked. I personally, I think I'd read that he had, he had family
 issues, which meant he had to step back from acting. But the thing claims that he was just
 like, I can't be put in any more movies like this. Rick Moranis, like a Moranis, like a,
 it's like Scree that you get on top of a mountain. Very nice. Because Rock Moranis was
 right there. He needs the puns you need explaining for. That's his puns. Glass was banished from
 the entire set of the Flintstones. What was it? He guesses why. No glass in the future.
 In the future, there's no glass. That's correct. Was it that though? Because I know that in,
 is it in Downton Abbey, you're not allowed to wear Calvin Klein underwear. Because even
 though it's not on show, they think maybe your sackcloth or whatever it is they wear
 in it might ride up and they might see it. So your sackcloth? Do you think it's set like
 in the 14th century with peasants and things? It's not, it's not. But you can see, you can
 see there are lots of, it's an Abbey. I thought it was about monks. There are lots of probably
 quite sheer and slinky gowns and outfits and maybe if you're wearing modern. You can't
 wear modern underwear basically, even though it's not going to be on show. Is it similar?
 It's not that. No. Glass ban from set. I think Jamie, you're the only one who hasn't
 slung it again. James has got quite a good one. Darren's no glass in the future. There's
 a wide range of plausibility. I forgot again that we talk about the Flintstones. The Flintstones
 movie. They're worried that, because there was so much rock on set. No shoes. No one's
 wearing shoes. Oh, no one's wearing shoes. The entire cast are filming barefoot. That's
 clever. And so, really, kind of any glass on set. Yeah. Well done, Daphne. That is good.
 There was the actor in the original series, Miss Jean Vanda Ply, or PIL, PYL is her surname,
 and she was the voice of Wilma. And she gave an interview in 1995 where she explained that
 they were basically for the amazing amount of money that this made, because it was syndicated
 around the world. I mean, there was just so much money being made. She only received $250
 an episode. And then she did a contract that said the residual payments from syndication.
 She did a one-off payment of $15,000. And that was it that she got. And she was a great
 voice. She did a lot of voices in the Jetsons as well. And she did, I think, as well as
 doing Wilma. She did pebbles in that show. She was Rosie in the Jetsons. Rosie. She was
 the maid. Yeah, Rosie. Yeah, it's so incredible. Oh, that's awful. Yeah. And so, yeah, she said,
 "If I got residuals, I wouldn't be living in Sam Clement. I'd own Sam Clement." Yeah.
 So, well, she should have a better agent, frankly. Exactly. Don't be glad yourself.
 Okay, that's it. That's all of our facts. Thank you so much for listening. If you'd
 like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said on this podcast,
 you can find us all on our Twitter accounts. I'm on @SribelandAndy. @AndyHunterM. James.
 Hi, James Harkin. And Jamie. @UncleEagle. Don't ask. Okay. That's the whole thing. Yeah,
 or you can get us on our group account, which is @NoSuchThing or our website, NoSuchThing,
 as a fish.com. Check out all of our previous episodes. They are up there now. You can also
 buy the new merch that we've released. It's a bunch of t-shirts and pin badges and so on.
 And also, you can get access to Club Fish, the private member club. Jamie, you can listen
 to the final episodes of My Dad Wrote a Porno, which are going out in December. These are
 the final episodes, one including Jamie's dad, Rocky Flintstone, for the first time ever.
 No one's ever heard his voice before. Well, you have to. I know your dad, but yeah. And
 it's a good voice, so I'm very excited to hear it. But on behalf of the podcasting world,
 we're very sad to see you guys go. So we're now... We're delighted. Well, I mean, financially...
 About lifters, all right. Fine. Fish live on forever, don't we? Anyway, we're gonna miss
 you guys. But we hope to see you coming back for reunions. Anyway, that's it. That's all of our
 facts. We'll be back again next week with another episode. We'll see you then. Goodbye.
 Oh, my God, I just broke it.
 What's that?
 I didn't see there was one behind it. Oh, my God.
 Oh, no. You know when, like, people win awards, and I wish I could break it in a hair and give
 it to the other nominees. I'm really sorry. I was practicing my golf swing earlier.
 You.
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
