 (upbeat music)
 - Hi everyone, welcome to this week's episode
 of No Six Things A Fish, where we were joined
 by one of our idols.
 It is American author Mary Roach.
 I think Mary really is one of us.
 She loves going around, looking for facts,
 and then putting them in her amazing books.
 Her books include things like Steph,
 which is all about what happens to us after we die,
 Bunk, which is about, well, you can imagine, about sex,
 Gulp, which is about swallowing and eating,
 a grunt, which is about humans at war,
 fuzz, which is about humans and animals
 in legal conflicts with each other,
 and the incredible packing for Mars,
 which is all about space.
 Honestly, her books are so, so good.
 She tells such a good story,
 and she finds all the incredible fascinating facts
 about all these subjects,
 and she has a new book out.
 Her new book is called Replaceable You,
 Adventures in Human Anatomy,
 and it is all about how we can replace
 different parts of our body.
 Thanks to the wonders of technology,
 it's full of facts.
 I know you'll love it.
 If you want to know more about Mary,
 then go to MaryRoach.net,
 and all the details of how to buy her books are there,
 and I highly recommend you do it.
 I am literally looking at my bookcase right now
 in my house, and I can see four of her books on there.
 It's no exaggeration to say we love her stuff.
 Anyway, one more tiny little bit of news for you,
 as you will know by now.
 We have been going on Patreon quite recently,
 and you can go on there and sign up
 for a whole load of different tiers
 and get loads of good stuff,
 but you could also sign up for free,
 and you will be able to get a little bit of free stuff,
 and one of those things that is available for everyone now
 is a newsletter.
 So we have decided for a limited time,
 perhaps, depending on how the workload goes,
 to put out a newsletter all about the things
 that are happening behind the scenes,
 on those things are fish.
 There's little silly quizzes in there,
 there's facts about things in the news,
 there's all sorts of stuff.
 We're giving it a try.
 We don't know whether it will work or not.
 Let us know if you've read it, and if you like it,
 and the way to find that,
 and all of our Patreon stuff is to go to patreon.com/clubfish.
 Anyway, I know you're all desperate to hear
 what Mary Roach has to say on this week's podcast,
 so with no further ado, I'll meet the podcast.
 (upbeat music)
 (speaking in foreign language)
 - Hello, and welcome to another episode
 of "No Such Thing as a Fish"
 a weekly podcast coming to you
 from four undisplosed locations around the world.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I am sitting here with James Harkin,
 Andrew Hunter Murray, and Mary Roach.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days,
 and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, and that is Mary.
 - Here we go.
 At the early blood banks, we're talking around 1915 or so,
 the staff sat hidden behind a wall with holes cut
 every few feet.
 Donors would come in, sit down, stick their arm through a hole,
 and thereby be spared the sight of needles and blood.
 - Wow.
 - Do you guys in the UK have the term glory hole?
 - Oh, gosh, you know what, my brain did not go there.
 - That was quick.
 - I see my brain went there.
 - I don't know, Mary.
 I'm just gonna put that on the record.
 - Yeah, I mean, we do have them in the UK.
 We don't have them in NHS facilities, necessarily, but--
 - Yeah, anyway, blood bank glory holes.
 That's what came to mind.
 But anyway, that's my fact.
 - That's my fact.
 - Were people very scared of needles in a way they're not now?
 'Cause I think, unless you have a specific fear of needles now,
 most people are moral right with it.
 - Well, it's because it was new.
 This, you know, it was like in the teens,
 when they discovered anti-coagulants,
 so they could actually store blood and have a blood bank
 before then there really wasn't any need
 to have large numbers of the public donating blood.
 So, and there was some resistance.
 It was new kind of weird, like, ooh, where's it gonna go?
 And how are you?
 And it's red and it's me, I don't know.
 - I don't know, I don't know if you guys have it,
 but I really don't like needles at all.
 There was something about, like, I will do it.
 Like, obviously, when you have your injections
 and stuff like that, I will do it.
 But I have to look away when I do it.
 I can't look at it going in.
 And it's not that I don't like the pain
 or I don't like, it's just, there's something about it
 being so thin going into my skin
 that it really gives me the heebie-jeebies.
 - But James.
 - Rather something big, wide going in.
 - I feel like this.
 I feel like, yeah.
 We're not still on glory hulls, I don't know.
 - That's exactly it.
 - But James, are you then saying
 that sticking your arm through a hole
 where you can't even see what's going on
 and feeling the pain is less terrifying?
 - It is that because I will, when I had
 my COVID apps, for instance, I would look away
 and say, I don't like needles very much.
 So just, you know, tell me when it's done.
 Kind of think.
 - But see, I'm with you, Dan.
 I think it would be far more terrifying
 just to have your arm over there, not know who's there.
 What are they doing?
 How big is the needle?
 What does my blood look like?
 Like the unknown would be the scary part for me.
 - Interesting.
 - Well, I have a good theory about why this might be.
 So one of the earliest blood banks that could store blood,
 it was a bit after the one you were talking about, Mary,
 this is in 1937.
 It's also in America, and there was a scientist
 called Bernard Phantus, and he and his colleagues
 opened a blood bank, which could keep blood viable
 for about 10 days.
 So that was really useful, because obviously,
 unless you have someone who needs a transfusion
 and a donut in the same place, that's not very helpful.
 So Phantus was from where originally Buddha pest
 and where was Vlad the Impaler inspiration for Dracula
 also from, and in prison for a long time, Buddha pest.
 So...
 - What was he?
 - Yeah.
 - He was not related to Vlad the Impaler.
 - He traveled around a bit.
 He was definitely in Budapest for a lot of time,
 in prison in Budapest.
 All right.
 - I've been to his house, and I'm sure it's in Romania.
 - Yes, he probably had multiple properties.
 He was very successful, he was very...
 - He was, you know, as far as impalers goes,
 he was one of the best.
 - Absolutely.
 - But the thing is, the interesting thing is,
 when he impaled people, he did it through a huge hole.
 (laughing)
 - It's just nicer that way, isn't it, yeah?
 - Phantus, he had the idea, 'cause he'd seen something
 similar happening in Russia.
 And he got the money when he saved the woman's life.
 And the husband of this woman said, I'll do anything.
 Whatever you want, I'll let you have it.
 And he said, okay, I need a ton of money for a blood bank.
 And the guy went, how much?
 And apparently, he was a little bit too much.
 And so this guy had to go and get some other donors.
 But it was from that moment that this started.
 Is that right, Mary?
 - Yeah, there were Moscow around that time.
 They had this clinic, and I'm not gonna attempt to pronounce it,
 'cause it's Russian-y.
 (laughing)
 But it was a cadaver blood clinic.
 So all of the accidents, all the, you know, emergency trauma,
 et cetera, deaths, sudden deaths.
 It said, they were all brought to this one central location
 in Moscow, and they were kind of put the cadaver
 on a tilt table, and drain the blood, and weirdly,
 and this was carried on by Jack Kovorkian in the US
 and some other people in the US saying,
 like, why are we wasting this?
 This is perfectly good blood.
 And the weird thing is if somebody had died suddenly,
 the blood wouldn't coagulate in the same way.
 It was actually more useful blood.
 And I didn't include this in my book.
 I'm like, really?
 Do we know that?
 Did anybody look into that whole violent death means
 the blood keeps walking?
 But anyway, all these papers on it and cadavers were drained.
 And there was a lot of people dying suddenly
 in the 1920s in Russia as well.
 (laughing)
 Over in America, there was another interesting
 frontline character, which was Charles Drew,
 amazing character, Drew, drew a lot of blood himself
 over his lifetime because he came up
 with large-scale blood banks in World War II,
 but he was also African-American,
 and this really limited him from quite a lot of access
 to medical places in the States.
 - Yeah, yeah, and what I read about Drew,
 and I don't know, this may be apocryphal,
 but what I read was that at the end of his life,
 he actually needed blood, but at that time,
 if you were black, you couldn't get white blood.
 There was this segregation in blood transfusion.
 - Fortunately, that wasn't the case,
 specifically with him.
 It was the case that that is how blood transfusions
 were working in America at the time,
 but he was really mangled up in a car crash,
 and unfortunately, nothing would have saved him.
 A few people have read in that even actually
 a blood transfusion might have killed him quicker
 as a result of the injuries he sustained,
 but he retired from it.
 - But it made a nice story.
 - Yes, exactly.
 - Which I was perpetuating.
 (laughing)
 - That's my job on this show, Mary.
 You stay away from Juvius Vax.
 He was a director of the American Red Cross,
 and he retired because of this exact racial segregation.
 - I think he resigned.
 - Sorry, he resigned.
 - Yeah, and they changed that in 1950.
 - Get it right, Dan.
 (laughing)
 - Yeah, he died in 1950,
 and that's also the year that they lost that policy.
 - Oh, okay, yeah.
 - Dan, speaking of your theories,
 - Yep.
 - Do you remember?
 - Yes, Budapest, don't to me.
 (laughing)
 - Okay.
 Do you remember telling us what happens
 with carbonated water in transit?
 - It's not my personal theory,
 but I have been perpetuating it, absolutely.
 Mary, there's an idea that sparkling water
 when it's being transferred in large containerships
 across from country to country,
 that the bubbles are removed from the water,
 so as to not lose the fizz in transit.
 And then at the other port,
 when it's reached its destination,
 the same bubbles are replaced into the water itself.
 - They store the bubbles?
 - Well, the bubbles have the same bubbles.
 They fly, obviously,
 'cause they're a lot lighter to transport.
 - Yes.
 - Yeah.
 - Is there a reason you bring this up?
 - Yeah, well, I hate to bring Dan.
 - Which is reason enough in itself.
 But I didn't realize there is sort of a slight analogy
 in what happens when you donate blood.
 So I just had no idea what happened when you donate blood.
 I haven't done it before.
 I think I might do it off the back of this.
 It sounds like it's a very, very worthwhile thing to do.
 But when you donate it,
 it's immediately split up into separate components.
 So they put it in a centrifuge and spin it,
 and you know, in a centrifuge,
 it spins incredibly fast and different components
 spin out to different sort of areas in the centrifuge.
 And so it's, what is it?
 It's red blood cells, plasma, and platelets,
 I think are the three things that are useful.
 So one donation of your blood can end up
 in three separate people.
 So it's a bit like the taking the bubbles out thing.
 I just thought that was quite interesting.
 - Yeah.
 - That's kind of nothing like it.
 (laughing)
 - Well, that's analogy.
 Some see it, some don't marry, and that is...
 - But nice segue anyway.
 - We should move on in a second.
 I want to give a quick shout out
 to one of the great blood donors of our age.
 Someone who has donated 23 gallons of blood since the 1960s.
 So on average, a person's body contains about 1.5 gallons.
 So she's done amazing work.
 Her sons continued her work.
 But yeah, Lillian Bloodworth, big shout out to her.
 - Brilliant.
 (laughing)
 - Amazing.
 - She was born to do it.
 Actually, do you know what's interesting?
 There were two people on this call
 who would have been quite useless blood donors.
 Had they been in America or Australia.
 - Who would that be?
 - Well, I noticed like you and I were in glasses.
 So that's one thing that if we were playing guesthood,
 that's how we would split it into 50-50.
 - Well, you know what?
 I couldn't give blood from like the '80s
 through about three years ago because I spent time
 in the UK with the '80s when Mad Cow was a thing.
 And so the blood bank people are like,
 we're still very, very concerned about you.
 - They may have eaten a hamburger.
 - It's exactly that, Mary.
 It was really for people who lived here.
 I didn't know it extended to even if you visited.
 But if you had lived in the UK between 1980 and 1996,
 you could not give blood in places like America or Australia
 because you might have Mad Cow disease
 sitting in your blood somehow and it would get into the country.
 Yeah, it was until 2022, you couldn't give blood.
 I've got one last thing on shoving your arm in a hole.
 - Oh, yes, please.
 - Yeah, and how it can be life-saving.
 Okay, so this is an American story, Mary,
 and you might have come across it
 because you've written a book about animals and the law.
 So in 2015, there was a hunter in Montana
 called Chase Del Woe, amazing name.
 He was out hunting with a bow and arrow.
 So being quite sporting, I would say,
 hoping to hunt some elk.
 And he suddenly noticed he was one meter from a bear
 and like a really big bear.
 It bit his head, it had tossed him in the air
 and it then bit his leg and it was coming out of him again.
 What did he do?
 He put his hand in the only hole he can see.
 That's right.
 He did. - Is it really?
 Oh no, I did.
 - He shoved his, he said,
 I remember, this is an amazing quote.
 He said, "I remembered an article that my grandmother
 gave me a long time ago, which is amazing presence of mind
 in the situation."
 But the article said, like big animals often have
 really bad gag reflexes and he said,
 so I shoved my right arm down his throat and it worked.
 - Oh, that part. - That part, come on guys.
 Row up.
 He didn't do the city show live on air.
 Yeah, he shoved his arm down the bear, not up it
 and it worked with our left.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two
 and that is James.
 - Okay, my fact this week is that moss can solve crimes
 but it's woefully underappreciated.
 - Okay, hear me out.
 - Moss cop.
 - Moss cop.
 He's slow but he's dedicated.
 He'll get you eventually.
 - All you have to do is hide on the north side of a tree
 and he can't get you.
 So this is a story I saw in Nautilus online magazine
 about study in forensic sciences research
 by Matt von Kanerat et al from the botanical collections
 at Field Museum in Chicago.
 And the first sentence is forensic botany,
 particularly brio fight analysis.
 So that's analyzing moss is potentially important
 but underutilized tool in criminal investigations.
 And then they go on to all the times that this has happened
 that they could find in history where moss has been used
 to solve crimes.
 Basically they came up with about 10
 but they reckon that we should be utilizing this moss.
 - Yes.
 - Is it for rural crimes I guess?
 - I've got moss, all of the walls as I walk my daughter
 to nursery, there's moss on all of them.
 Which is quite annoying because she's really into moss
 right now.
 It takes about an hour and a half to get to nursery
 in the morning because she keeps looking at all the moss.
 - I love it.
 - I haven't done a paternity test.
 I have to check that she isn't yours.
 - Don't do it.
 (all laughing)
 - But yeah, you're right.
 So basically you find the body
 and how long the moss is taken to grow on it.
 That might tell you about when the person died.
 And also moss will be different if it grows
 in different areas.
 And so you can, let's say they found some moss on my trainers
 and I said I was nowhere near the crime
 and they say, well, what do you call this?
 And so that can do it as well.
 - Those forensic botany people,
 they don't get the love that they should.
 I was at a forensics conference about two weeks ago.
 You know where all the grad students
 everybody have their posters up.
 That's row after row of posters.
 And forensics conference posters are pretty out there.
 It was like the death by taxidermy Elkhead.
 That was one.
 The Elkhead fell, killed someone.
 Homicide by hot dog was another poster.
 Yeah, these are posters.
 And these are published research papers.
 And so there's also a lot of activity around the ones
 with the really lured photographs.
 But then you keep walking and they'll be like
 the person who looks at pollen.
 And it's really important.
 He's just standing there waiting for somebody to check.
 - Because it is incredibly important.
 There's an amazing forensic ecologist.
 She calls herself here in the UK
 called Professor Patricia Wiltshire.
 She's also known as the Snot Lady.
 And she's known as the Snot Lady
 because she spends her time on crime scenes
 largely going into nasal cavities
 and getting the pollen grains out of it.
 So she's been doing this, yeah, for 40 years.
 She's been brought in to solve many crimes.
 If a car was thought to have been in an area,
 but they couldn't prove it,
 she'll be brought in to look for remnants of pollen
 on the wheels or inside of the car.
 In fact, her very first case,
 it was an interesting study
 where they needed to see if a car had gone through this field.
 And she did all the studying of all the areas pollen.
 So when she arrived on the scene,
 they said, "Let us show you where it happened."
 And she said, "No, no, no.
 "Let me show you where I think it happened."
 And she found a particular grassy area, a hedgery area.
 And she went, "It would have happened there,"
 based on what I found.
 They said, "That's exactly where it happened."
 And then, because they're a huge tire tracks.
 - There are huge tire tracks going through the field.
 The big hole in the head shaped like a car, do you think?
 - And there's some chalk outlines of people's bodies
 right next to it.
 - That's incredible, that's incredible.
 - Somebody at this conference told me
 that the FBI here in the States
 has a classified pollen map.
 So they've got a map of what pollen is where,
 specifically for forensics.
 - That's a forensic botany.
 - And one other thing about moss and why that's so important
 is because in an area,
 they might all have the same kind of grass.
 Let's say the murder happens on a golf course.
 Your golf course might have the same kind of grass
 all the way around it,
 but moss can find little micro niches to kind of go.
 And the moss that's on the second hole
 might be different than the moss on the third hole
 and the moss on the fourth hole.
 It might be slightly different.
 And also, you get even smaller animals
 that live inside like mossy areas.
 So that's an extra bit of data that you can get from it.
 - This is a really low rent golf course.
 - Did you got moss?
 Have you ever seen the grass on a golf course?
 See more a logo?
 There's no moss growing on it.
 - I can't just say, the fourth hole is an incredible name
 for a murder mystery set on a golf course.
 - Or a blood bank.
 - Yes.
 (laughing)
 - Or a request from a bath.
 - Go for the fun hole.
 - Oh my God.
 - Speaking of cold cases,
 maybe the coldest case of all
 that of Earthsea the Iceman has a moss link.
 So he is a friend of the podcast.
 I think we agree.
 - Absolutely.
 - If 5,300 years old and dead,
 and he was found up in the Alps, I believe.
 - Yeah.
 - He's certainly up A mountain in Europe.
 And anyway, he has 75 species of moss around him.
 I don't mean sort of on him.
 He wasn't collecting it.
 But it does tell you, for example, where he was coming from
 'cause there are mosses from low down in the valley.
 So we can retrace his steps
 based on the mosses that are in his gut
 or on his clothes or whatever it might be.
 So that's cool.
 - And speaking of his steps,
 there was one of those anthropologists
 that likes to kind of live the anthropology.
 This guy who is an expert in Paleolithic,
 if that's the right era, footwear.
 And he actually made a pair of the,
 they were kind of Birkenstock-like.
 The shoes.
 - So embarrassing.
 - He made some witsy footwear.
 I don't remember exactly why,
 but anyway, he recreated witsies
 on attractive footwear.
 - It's a shame they weren't uggs
 'cause that was probably what he would say.
 A lot of the time.
 I don't know.
 - That's where that came from.
 - Yep.
 - Tama, yep.
 - The Swedish military has a collection of air
 and it's really useful.
 So they have bottles dating back to the 1960s.
 All samples of air, right?
 And that was because they were trying to monitor
 fallout from nuclear weapons
 and see if that was affecting the environment.
 'Cause obviously it was a time of a lot of nuclear testing.
 But these air samples have had a weird second life
 because they're incredibly useful for sampling
 other things about the world.
 One of the things is they contain moss spores.
 And these are microscopically small.
 But obviously if you take a sample of air,
 it's gonna have all sorts of other junk in it
 that you weren't intending to collect.
 And they have studied all this microscopic material
 found there.
 And what they have realised is moss spores
 in Sweden specifically are being released four weeks earlier
 than they were in 1990.
 So it's one of the indices for changing climate
 is because the autumn's a warmer.
 So moss is developed their capsules more
 and they released them earlier the next year.
 So that's another way that you can study things.
 Using something you had no intention
 of studying at the time you started.
 - I just love that lesson.
 - I've been to a water museum in Iceland.
 I dragged my wife on quite a long detour
 to go to this water museum.
 And it was just like a load of pipes with water in
 but it's water from all different parts of Iceland.
 I think it was quite disappointing when we got there
 but I think the idea is.
 (laughing)
 - Really?
 (laughing)
 - I built it up all day.
 Has all the whole drive say this is gonna be great.
 - My husband, I was doing a talk in Alaska in Skagway
 and my husband's like, what am I gonna do?
 There's not really a lot going on here in Skagway.
 And I said, oh, but if you take this boat,
 there's an island and there's a hammer museum.
 And you like to build things.
 It's a hammer museum.
 He's like, yes, yes, it's a hammer museum.
 (laughing)
 And he comes back, I'm like, how was it?
 There's a lot of hammers.
 (laughing)
 - It was banging.
 (laughing)
 - And you also get like wood museums.
 They're not museums, they're like a wood library.
 And if you look at it, it's like almost like whole,
 it's like a library but all the books have been turned around
 'cause all you can see is bits of work.
 But actually, again, it's used by people to find out
 where things came from and it can solve crimes.
 Is that right?
 - Yeah, there's a great forensics resource up
 at the National Wildlife Forensics Lab and it's up in Oregon
 and it's a hair library.
 - Oh.
 - Well, there's to see, okay, if you have this,
 that's been smuggled, is it from an endangered species?
 Is it a crime we can prosecute?
 So they have to be able to identify it.
 So they have an E&H animal, have like the under hair
 and the coarse hair and the face.
 I mean, there's no whiskers.
 There's a lot of different material.
 - I was wondering if you'd had a hair transplant
 whether you would be able to, like,
 commit a crime and get away with it.
 But then I realized that I've had a transplant
 and they just take your own hair and put it
 somewhere else. - Yes, yes.
 - They arrest your ass instead of your head.
 It's brilliant.
 (laughing)
 - They didn't take the hair from my ass, I think.
 - Well, you can, you can take hair from any,
 you can take pubic hair and put it on your eyebrow
 and this is all been done.
 You can take chest hair, put it up there.
 You can also take head hair for pubic baldness,
 which is a thing, but they warn you,
 you will have to trim it because it will retain
 the characteristics of its homeland right there
 from my head and you put it down there
 and it's gonna grow to like six, seven, eight inches.
 - Luckily, my hair is quite pubic and style anyway, so.
 - That was the one downside that was reported in this paper
 when you take chest hair or pubic hair
 and you transfer it to the head
 'cause maybe you've run out of hair in the backs of the head.
 You can take the pubic hair, say,
 but it's, and this is a quote, "difficult to style."
 (laughing)
 - I've got a question for you, Mary.
 You might not, in fairness,
 I can't expect you to be able to answer this,
 but the lice that you get on your hair are different,
 a different species completely to the lice
 that you get on your pubic hair, I believe,
 as I understand it.
 So if you were to transplant pubic hair onto your head,
 which lice would live there?
 - Yeah, why didn't I think of that?
 - Wow.
 - Oh my God, yeah, you're right, that's a great question.
 Do pubic lice survive, 'cause--
 - It's not an altitude thing, it's a hair thing, isn't it?
 (laughing)
 - It's a hair thing, isn't it?
 - I've heard lice prefer straight hair to curly hair.
 - Right, but you're growing your curly hair up there now
 and you're mixing it in with the cut,
 you would have two species of lice.
 - You'd have to guess that they've probably breathed
 and then you'd have these weird hybrid lice
 that nobody could kill and it would be this epidemic.
 - That is the start of a job with the novel,
 waiting to be read, isn't it?
 (laughing)
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, it is time for fact number three
 and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that the first recipient
 of breast implants had to have them removed
 after she chewed through the stitches.
 - Oh, so this is performed by a man called Dr. Biggs,
 Thomas Biggs and it wasn't a human, it was a dog
 named Esmeralda.
 - Whoa, because I have a different competing first breast
 implant story, which was on a dog,
 but this was Thomas Cronin in 1961.
 - So that's actually they were working together.
 Cronin was the main guy, but Biggs was,
 he sort of looked after the recovery of the dog.
 - Oh, okay, okay, all right, so it's the same story.
 - Yes, exactly, but when Dan's doing the headlight
 and he sees the word Biggs,
 understandably, that's the thing you go for.
 - Dr. Biggs was part of a team of doctors
 who had come up with this new idea
 for how they could have silicon implants done
 for breast enhancement.
 And so what they did was they put the implant under the skin
 of the dog Esmeralda and she eventually chewed
 at these stitches, they had to be taken out.
 However, the other doctors thought this was a complete success.
 They said that the implants were as harmless as water
 and so they started looking into finding humans.
 - One interesting thing I found when I was reading
 about this surgery is that the implant
 that they put inside the dog was described as biscuit sized.
 And I think no wonder it's biting
 that the stitches are trying to get at it.
 Don't make it the shape of a dog biscuit for God's sake.
 You know what, this implant that they came up with
 a psilastic natural fuel breast prosthesis,
 it was originally available in small, medium and large
 and there were two sizes that they quickly discontinued.
 Small, no, mini, a petite.
 There was no market for mini and petite.
 - I think that's still true of penis transplants today.
 The main one I think is called panuma,
 which is a potman to a penis new man.
 And I read an article from 2023 in Texas Monthly magazine
 that said that it comes in five sizes
 ranging from large to XXL.
 So nobody wants to buy a medium penis transplant.
 - When you say transplant, James, do you mean someone
 who's... - Sorry, I've lost those old ones.
 - I don't know if I said transplant,
 if I said transplant. - Oh, implant.
 Oh, okay, okay, okay.
 - There's a similar story about the Apollo astronauts
 because the urine collection device
 was this condom ended, you know, it slipped on the penis
 and with a tube, then there'd be a bag kind of strap
 to the leg or whatever.
 The urine, yes, the urine collection assembly,
 I think it was called, but anyway, originally,
 the astronaut would request small, medium, large
 and nobody would request small
 and there was a lot of leakage.
 So then they changed it to medium, large, extra large.
 That's the story I hear.
 - And there are actually, I think,
 four urine collection assembly devices up on the moon.
 They ditched up, and two or some small and some large,
 and I don't know who's, who's.
 - I didn't know about the leakage.
 That's so funny.
 That would have way of being found out.
 It's just urine leaking out next to it.
 - I guess it was too big for the face.
 - It was cold here in space, isn't it?
 I'm just jumping back to this story very quickly
 because this is the founding of modern breast surgery.
 So the inventors really were Frank Gerao and Thomas Cronin
 and connecting to one of the previous facts,
 Frank Gerao was squeezing a plastic blood bag
 and it was while he was doing that.
 He was like, he said, oh, this feels a bit like a woman's breast.
 - What's up with that?
 - Here's the quote, inspired by the look and feel
 of a bag of blood.
 You can just picture the scene.
 They're in the OR and he's kind of bored.
 He's like, does that remind you of something?
 - So this guy, was he already thinking
 that this is a problem that needs to be solved
 and he was going around feeling everything
 that he could to see what was most like a pair of breasts.
 - He was banter him every grocery store in the area.
 That's an interesting fact that they weren't telling me.
 - He was a squeezer.
 I don't know that the answer.
 I had a sense of he's just,
 it was this moment of inspiration.
 That looks like a breast.
 - Like Bob moment, yeah, yeah.
 So they found this, they needed a human subject
 after Esmeralda had been a success as Meralda's operation.
 And they approached this woman called Timmy Jean-Lenzie
 and she had not remotely considered her breasts.
 She wasn't in the market for a breast implant.
 She had gone into hospital
 because she had a tattoo of roses across her torso.
 It was at her ex-boyfriend's suggestion
 and she didn't really want it anymore
 because they'd broken up.
 She was trying to get the tattoo removed.
 She had had six children,
 but when they approached her and said,
 "Do you want a breast operation?"
 You know, to enhance your breasts or whatever,
 she said, "Well, no, I mean, if anything,
 "I'd love to get my ears pinned back."
 And they said, "Oh, we'll do that, we'll throw that in."
 That's no problem if you agree to this procedure.
 So that's what led to it.
 I mean, she really wasn't looking for that
 when she went in at all.
 - Before there were bags of silicone.
 I mean, it's great that it was put in a bag
 because the history of the stuff that's been injected
 into women's breasts, here's a partial list.
 Ready?
 Goats milk, pig collagen, beeswax, olive oil,
 paraffin, petroleum jelly,
 transformer, fluid, various glues and polymers,
 and my favorite five-inch slabs of your own buttocks.
 - Oh, and then there was just silicone injected loose,
 which came around after the Second World War.
 And that is really dangerous
 because it can interact very badly with your body,
 it leads to an awful range of conditions
 and things like gangrene.
 - Including the condition of death, yeah.
 - Yes, yes, the worst condition, yeah.
 - We should say as well, you just mentioned Second World War.
 This happened in the year 1962
 and it was sort of off the back of the 50s
 and particularly the late 50s
 of how a lot of the actresses at the time,
 Marilyn Monroe, Jane Russell,
 there was a lot of cleavage going on
 and so while he did have this moment of feeling the blood bag,
 I think it was in the consciousness of America,
 of a lot of people want this stuff.
 How can we, how can we do this?
 - Yeah, but it was dependent on Hitler being defeated,
 the change of global breast perception.
 One thing is directly, yes.
 - Was that the one who wanted one of the upper conditions?
 I want my ears pin back, I want Hitler defeated.
 Basically in America in the war,
 there was, metal was not really allowed for civilian use,
 you know, in industrial terms.
 I mean, I think America made something like 200 cars
 during the entire Second World War for civilian,
 like it just every bit of material needed
 went to the war effort.
 And after the war, suddenly metal was available again
 and underwire bras were invented,
 which obviously lift and support and shape
 and this changed the perception of women's bodies
 and what shape they quote unquote ought to be
 in this kind of thing, or what a desirable body looked like.
 So it's all based on, it's all based on Hitler.
 - Wow.
 - Hey, by the way, you know how this fact connects
 to the first fact about blood.
 It also connects to the second fact about forensics
 because quite often in very horrific murder scenes,
 they will have done a job to hide who the person is,
 fingerprints will have been removed and so on.
 And in that case, if they happen to have had breast implants,
 every modern breast implant has either a serial or the information
 has been logged that can be traced back via the doctor.
 So any time a doctor puts one in now,
 either it's a serial that comes in the box
 and they know the patient that it's gone to.
 - When you say serial that comes in the box,
 a serial number, right?
 - No, it's the, so it's one of those toys
 that you get inside Cocoa Pops these days.
 That's how they deliver breast implants.
 - You got it.
 - You got to shake it out, yeah.
 - No, they've got, they've all got serial numbers.
 So quite a few people have been identified via the serial number
 in the breast implant to identify who they are.
 - How interesting.
 I read a paper from 2017, it was a ballistic study
 and they hypothesized in this study that in theory,
 if someone shots you in the breast
 and you had an implant,
 that the fluid would be able to sort of move it out of the way.
 And then in 2020, it actually happened,
 as in the 2020 study that says,
 based on the trajectory of a bullet when this lady was shot,
 as far as they can see, the only way that it failed to kill them
 is because it hit the implant,
 which moved it slightly out of the way,
 which took it away from her heart.
 - God, Lord.
 - Wow.
 - I have heard that they develop kind of a hard shell
 around breast implants after a long time.
 So maybe?
 - Yeah, in terms of your body builds a kind of a shell,
 like it walls it off, like this is not me,
 I'll just kind of walk. - Oh, right, exactly.
 - You said about them getting hard at which they do marry,
 but they're still not like solid usually most of the time.
 And that means that breast implants that women use
 are often not the right thing for men to use
 if you want a chest implant.
 So let's say you want to enhance your pectoral muscles,
 the normal breast implants won't do that.
 And there was a recent study.
 Actually, it's quite old now, it's from 2003.
 The found that the best thing to do is butter implants.
 'Cause apparently the implants that you get in your bum,
 they're much more solid and their fake gluteus
 is much more similar to a fake pectoral
 than a silicone bag. - Yes.
 - Probably the first one they did was a butterkin plant
 that they stuck it in there,
 because the first butterkin plant was a breast implant
 that they just stuck down there.
 Like maybe this'll work down here.
 - What, really?
 - Really?
 - Yeah.
 - Oh my gosh.
 What's next?
 - It's so interesting, 'cause Mary, your new book
 Replaceable You, this is literally,
 this is the concept of the book.
 It's taking bits of you and replacing it with something else.
 And so this fact about the breast implants
 that's in there, quite a lot of stuff we've mentioned.
 Another thing, just jumping back to the hair transplant
 in the '70s, the implants were artificial.
 The hair was artificial. - They were.
 - Yeah, you could, this was kind of a budget option.
 It was kind of essentially like getting doll hair,
 put in to your balding areas,
 and there was this kind of dermatological crochet hook.
 You just kind of hook it down into the skin and back up.
 And you're horrible.
 There were a lot of infections.
 I think there was a fatality from this.
 And of course, your hair, if you start to go gray,
 now it doesn't match, difficult to style again.
 And they had to be sort of spaced far apart.
 So you actually looked like doll hair.
 It feels like the best way to style it
 would be to get like a five-year-old girl to do it.
 - Exactly. - You just see all these middle-aged men
 with plants, and yeah.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - Just on the, briefly on the breast implant thing,
 there's an amazing book on this subject.
 It's by Florence Williams.
 It's called Breast and Natural and Natural History.
 And she has a whole chapter about the history of implants
 and all of this.
 But the reason why humans have breasts at all
 is sort of bizarre.
 And I know there are lots of theories,
 but most animals don't, right?
 Most, and in fact, even I think most apes don't.
 - What do you mean by breasts, though,
 because like all mammals have mammary glands, at least?
 - You mean like big, bouncy ones, is that what you're saying?
 - Well, that's not exactly how I put it,
 but who's saying that?
 - Yes, big jugs, is that what you're saying?
 - Oh no, oh my god, I was, I was like, oh god, okay.
 - Well, I think the reason, I'm blushing,
 I hope you're all happy, okay?
 - I think, honestly, this is an audio medium,
 but I think everyone at home could feel that blush.
 - Yeah, I'm feeling it now.
 There's one theory as to why,
 and this is what this is in Florence Williams' book,
 is that women need more fat on them to not only reach puberty,
 but also to grow a baby and to lactate and to feed the baby.
 And human infants need huge amounts of fat to grow
 because we are a bipedal species, as of quite recently,
 and for a bipedal creature, the human woman, to give birth,
 the baby needs to be really small.
 The baby's head needs to be really small
 to be birthed successfully.
 So mothers then have to produce huge amounts of milk
 to grow them up because they need so long to develop after birth.
 And that is why-- - Yeah, because basically babies
 are idiots, right?
 Like babies are born really,
 it takes them a long time to get to any kind of self-reliance,
 whereas like a giraffe's born,
 and then about 20 minutes later it's running around.
 - Exactly.
 - Yeah, basically lands on its feet as it's born and walks away.
 - But the human baby has to be born relatively useless,
 which is why the mother needs to do all of that extra milk
 production, which needs a lot of fat,
 which why is this headless fault?
 - I can't remember. - So much is at the spot.
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show,
 and that is Andy.
 - My fact is, there is only one American state
 with an official state smell.
 - Wow. - Yeah.
 - Is it Washington, D.C.,
 and it's the stench of corruption?
 - Lovely, lovely.
 (laughing)
 - Ring that sassy bell.
 (laughing)
 - It's New Mexico, which in 2023 officially signed into law,
 the state smell, and it sounds gorgeous.
 It's the smell of green chilies roasting in the fall.
 And apparently New Mexico produces,
 I think it's 60% of the US chili pepper crop,
 and the chilies are all green to start,
 and some of them turn red later on,
 which also prompted the New Mexico official state question,
 which is red or green.
 And I just went on a bit of a rabbit hole
 of reading about New Mexico state symbols.
 - Okay. - And other state symbols.
 - So the chili roasting, the smell of,
 feels to me like it'd be quite pungent.
 Like if I put chilies into my food and they're cooking,
 my eyes are watering, right?
 - Yes. - And you're choking.
 - It's horrible.
 - Yeah.
 - Okay. - You don't want to be smelling that.
 - It's basically pepper spray, which is the--
 - It is. (laughing)
 - That's, it's a non-leafal weapon.
 - Okay.
 - We don't want to get completely canceled in New Mexico.
 - No, no, no.
 - So then what about this question, I think?
 So you said that the official question
 of New Mexico is red or green, what's that?
 - Yes, I think it's people ask you,
 do you want red chili or green chili?
 - If you're in a restaurant, right?
 - On the rest of your food, I assume so.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - That's right, so do you know what the estate answer is?
 The official state answer?
 - No.
 - Do you then?
 - You got it?
 - I do, it came out two years later, didn't it?
 - Yeah.
 And the official state answer to the official state question
 is red and green or Christmas?
 - Yeah, and I forgot to Google the plot twist
 at the end of that state answer.
 - Well, I could tell you, Christmas, basically in New Mexico,
 if someone says to you in the restaurant,
 red or green, and you say Christmas,
 then that means a bit of red and a bit of green,
 'cause that's like Christmas decorations.
 - Really nice. - Yeah, right.
 - So it's like having ketchup and HP sauce together.
 It's like, yeah, yeah, that's great.
 - New Mexico also has a state song.
 And a lot of the states have their own state song.
 And so there's two in New Mexico,
 there's an English language one, a Spanish language one.
 The English language one is called Ofer New Mexico.
 And it was written by Elizabeth Garrett,
 the daughter of Pat Garrett, who killed Billy the Kid.
 - It's not wild.
 - I mean, what a connection.
 - She died in 1947 in New Mexico in Roswell, 1947.
 Ringany Bells, only the same year
 that supposedly an alien spacecraft crashed there.
 - Coincidence? - Yeah, we say.
 - Of course, two years after the death of Hitler,
 thereby completely revolutionizing global breath perception.
 Mary, what state are you from?
 - I'm from a New Hampshire.
 - Oh, okay.
 - I don't know what the symbol is,
 but I can tell you the motto.
 I went down a state motto rabbit hole,
 but the motto in New Hampshire,
 which some people tape over,
 because it's a little inflammatory.
 Our motto is, "Live free or die."
 - I've seen that. - I've seen that.
 - Yeah. - And you can apparently
 be arrested for taping over the motto
 on your license plate on your car.
 - Surely taping over it is living free.
 Surely that is lived doing what you want.
 - Would you let me think?
 - I said, okay, so that's much more inflammatory
 than New Mexico's, where the state slogan is,
 everybody is somebody in New Mexico.
 Much less controversial.
 - It was good.
 - Okay, Colorado, right?
 The state motto of Colorado is,
 nothing without providence.
 You'd think that would be Rhode Island,
 because providence is the capital of Rhode Island.
 But Rhode Island, the state motto is simply hope.
 When I was studying chewing for a book called "Gulp,"
 and I was talking to this guy who was talking about what we do,
 and we chew, and reduce this material,
 and then we form it into a bolus,
 which is the swallowable state.
 And I thought that should be the Rhode Island,
 because it's so small, the Rhode Island,
 the swallowable state. - That's really good.
 - Do you know what the official reptile
 of New Mexico is?
 Did you come across this, guys?
 - No.
 - It is-- - Elamonster?
 - No, good guess, it is the leaping lesbian lizard.
 - Wow.
 - So, in fact-- - We know it.
 - Most people, most people would call it
 the New Mexico Whiptail Lizard.
 Or you might even know it as
 "Knemidophorus neo-Mexicanos."
 - Oh, yes, I would do it.
 - Oh, yeah, right, that one.
 - But it's become a bit of an idol
 for the LGBTQ community,
 because all members of the species are female,
 and they reproduce asexually
 through miscellaneous. - No way.
 - And so, they've been known online
 as the leaping lesbian lizard.
 They inspired a Pokemon called Salazel,
 and they're the name of an ultimate frisbee team
 in some college somewhere.
 But they're also the official reptile of New Mexico.
 - It's really random, what states get what?
 That it was not random, but I mean,
 it turns out there's no restrictions on it.
 So, California has a state slug.
 - The banana slug. - The banana slug.
 - I know it. - Recently signed in.
 - Yeah, it's the team mascot for Santa Cruz.
 - Uh-huh. - Or the free, yeah.
 - And then there was a two-hour feature
 of this genitals, nature.
 - Well, I don't know.
 - I think they are, but that's nothing to do
 with the slug dreams.
 (laughing)
 - The students of Santa Cruz, yeah.
 (laughing)
 - But there's just no restriction on it.
 So, 20 states have a state soil.
 - Yeah. - Wow.
 - Oregon has a state seashell,
 the Oregon hairy triton.
 An official Oregon stake has been proposed.
 I'm not sure if it's been adopted.
 That is, of course, T-bone.
 And basically, there's just no restriction
 on what becomes a state symbol.
 So, it's often, I would say, child-driven.
 - Yeah. - You know, I guess.
 - It's willing school children
 might have a campaign.
 You know, we want the state muffin
 to be the blue, very muffin.
 But that can lead to disaster
 because, often, you'll end up with this being proposed
 in a state legislature.
 And a load of policies are saying,
 "What is this shit about a state wasp?"
 - While a group of crustball and nine-year-olds
 look on, saying, "Well, it's a really great local wasp,
 but it's important, you know."
 - They have, there's state stars, as well,
 as in outer space, so Delaware has one,
 which is called the Delaware Diamond.
 And it was given it, despite the fact
 that it's not an official star,
 as in it's not recognized by an astronomical community
 with that name.
 It was a name that was given to it by,
 you know, you can just buy a star
 on the international star register.
 - Okay. - Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - I've got one.
 It's called Triberland.
 Someone bought one and called it the Delaware Diamond.
 And that has become the state star.
 - Do you know Virginia has a state Shakespeare Festival?
 - I was just saying, sure.
 - It's the Virginia Shakespeare Festival.
 - Well, apparently there's a few different ones.
 And the people who ran this particular one,
 which is the oldest one in Virginia,
 they wanted to get some more kudos
 over the other Shakespeare festivals.
 So they said to some politician,
 "Can you make us the official one?"
 And they did.
 - So yeah, sometimes it feels like it's being done
 as just exactly like that.
 - It's a marketing ploy.
 These are, like, marketing ploy.
 - Like all of the international Worcestershire sauce day
 and international.
 Anything you would find in the world.
 There's an international day.
 - It can be positive.
 I mean, if it's raising awareness of,
 let's say the banana slug was endangered in some areas,
 it's a nice way for education and local policy.
 - Guys, guys, guys, hear me out.
 The official podcast of Wyoming.
 Come on. - Yes.
 - Let's get the campaign started.
 - That's a great idea.
 - Yeah, why not?
 - Well, we love Wyoming.
 I recently learned how to say it correctly.
 So, yes, like, I forgot.
 We are used in Wyoming to scare off bears.
 - Yeah.
 - For that.
 So people, we've got messages, Mary,
 from people who, when they're doing hikes,
 they will play us out loud on speakers
 so that bears don't come
 because they hear chatter of various humans clustered together.
 - I mean, as we now know,
 you can just shove your arm down their throats
 and that's actually just as good
 as listening to the podcast.
 But, no, but sometimes they get rejected as well.
 So I think that I read a great list of Minnesota's
 rejected state icons.
 State fossil is not the giant beaver.
 For some reason, that did not clear the legal threshold.
 Despite a Minnesota paleontologist
 issuing this very moving speech
 where they said, Minnesota has a deep connection to beavers.
 - What is this being?
 - Mary, what's going on?
 - Can I leave you with the state motto of Michigan?
 - Yeah.
 - If you seek a pleasant peninsula, look about you.
 - You seek a pleasant peninsula, look about you.
 - There you go.
 - Here's another very vague Washington state,
 buy and buy, what does that mean?
 - Buy now, yeah, yeah.
 - But, it's not be you, why that?
 - Oh, okay.
 - That could actually be you.
 - Oh, right.
 - It's be why, buy and buy.
 - Buy and buy, buy and buy.
 - You bring up Michigan.
 They've got a state song as well.
 Which is called My Michigan.
 And it's the official state song.
 However, they rarely get to perform it
 because the state failed to purchase the copyright
 from the song's authors.
 Therefore, they're not allowed to use it.
 But they've kept it as their song
 because the copyright will lapse at the end of 2028.
 So they're so close to now being able to use it
 in various different places.
 And then one other one is in California.
 There's an official state song,
 which is I love you California.
 And it has been used in a video game
 called Civilization 6 Gathering Storm.
 There's a moment where you're constructing
 the Golden Gate Bridge,
 which doesn't need to be in San Francisco.
 But you just build it in the game
 and it needs to act as a bridge.
 And as they're building it, it plays this song.
 And it also reads out lines from Percy Shelley's
 A Bridal Song, which has the Golden Gates of Sleep
 Unbar as the opening line.
 Now, what's a crazy thing about this,
 not super crazy, but a weird coincidence,
 is the music to this song I love you California
 was written by a man called Frankenstein.
 They've paired up Shelley with Frankenstein.
 Brilliant.
 It's not wild.
 I feel like you're the first person
 to make this connection, Dan.
 That's quite-- Yes.
 That's recommend.
 I don't feel like it got the goose bump raising.
 No, not a bear getting in my head,
 which kind of makes sense for why no one spotted that before.
 I think I zoned out there for a minute, right now.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And your fact was about there being only one American state
 with official smell.
 There are other states with official smell,
 like national states, so countries.
 There was a thing called the World Sensorium, which
 was a project where they asked countries around the world
 to name their national smell.
 Nearly a quarter of the world's population
 identified with the same smell.
 Some of these are like larger countries.
 That's why it's a culture of the population.
 But there was 11 countries that officially
 cited a particular smell that no other country did.
 Can you guess what it is?
 It's so large, isn't it?
 Oh, no, do you all pour on?
 Is that it?
 It's not that.
 No.
 Cinnamon, speaking cookies.
 Cinnamon's a good call in that it's--
 Cinnamon.
 A naturally occurring thing.
 It was Jasmine.
 Oh.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 There may be a lot of agreement on nice smells,
 but there's a lot of disagreement on bad smells.
 What constitutes a bad smell?
 The US military was trying to create a non-lethal weapon,
 something they would just clear a room.
 And they wanted it to be internationally useful.
 So this woman, Pam Dalton, at the Monal Chemical Sensor,
 went around the world with vials containing vomit smells,
 sewage smell, and something called US military latrine smell.
 And she presented these to different cultures
 in different countries.
 And she asked things like, would you
 consider this smell edible, wearable, pleasant?
 I was a whole list.
 And there were some people were like, yeah, vomit.
 That's wearable.
 I would point that that's perfume.
 In the end, they did a mix because they realized--
 not only does it have to be off-putting,
 but something weird and unidentifiable,
 because that'll freak people out.
 Why did they use that again, Paul?
 Mary?
 It would be in a grenade or something.
 You'd throw it into a room.
 It was so vial that everyone would leave the room.
 Yeah, like a non-lethal weapon.
 It was a non-lethal weapon.
 Do we know what they went with as a smell at the end?
 Yeah, I smelled it.
 And it's pretty bad.
 It was heavy on the US Army latrine smell.
 [LAUGHTER]
 You know, I spent time at this place, Hilltop Labs,
 where they do testing of deodorant type things,
 like cat litter or underarm deodorant,
 things that are supposed to fight bad smells.
 So you want to be careful with their refrigerator,
 because they have some horrible things in there.
 And I said, what is the worst--
 you guys, what's the worst smell that there is?
 And they said incubated saliva.
 Oh.
 Interesting.
 Incubated saliva.
 Incubated.
 Rotten.
 Just leave it in some warm environment and let it fester.
 Right.
 Incubated.
 That was their vote.
 Wow.
 So just go quickly back to this world, Sensorium.
 Do you know what the United Kingdom's official smell was?
 It's going to be like a full English breakfast.
 The whole mixture of a whole English.
 Good guess.
 I'll say a nice conquer.
 No, it was incubated saliva.
 No, it wasn't.
 It was the smell of seawind rolling through a land of grass.
 Oh, nice.
 That does actually sound quite nice.
 Do you have France there, James?
 Not on my list.
 I can tell you that coffee was quite a lot of places.
 Georgia, Germany, mold over in Uzbekistan
 chose the smell of grapes, which I don't
 think smell of anything.
 Nice.
 Oh, no, I do.
 I get grapes.
 Really?
 Yeah, I get grapes now.
 Yeah.
 Smells great.
 OK, well, we need to wrap up on that joke.
 That was a good one.
 Unless you want to wrap up on the Frankenstein bit earlier.
 I don't know.
 Give me your option, Simon.
 OK, that is it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we've said over the course
 of this podcast, we're all online.
 I'm on @Streiberland on Instagram, James.
 @MyInstagram is no such thing as James Harkin.
 Andy.
 @AndruhunterM.
 And Mary, you're on Instagram as well.
 Yeah, author Mary Roach.
 Yeah.
 And for everyone listening, Mary's new book is out.
 Now, replaceable you, get it.
 But also, just like we're talking to the best there is here.
 Fuzz was incredible.
 Grunt, all about the military.
 At QI, books like "Packing from Mars" and "Bonk" and all
 the stiff, we used all of it.
 All of QI is basically just shredding Mary's book into questions.
 Well, you're welcome.
 For legal reasons, I want to say that we did lots of other work as well.
 Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Yeah, yeah, that's true.
 But no, do get yourself the Mary Roach library
 because it's the best selection of non-fiction books
 that you can get phenomenal.
 So if you want to get through to us, by the way,
 podcast@QI.com is our email, send all your best facts
 because we pick those out and they go towards Little Fish
 or a Monday show, or if you want to mention anything
 that you think should be brought up on our secret mailbag show
 called Drop Us Align, which is part of Club Fish,
 which you'll find if you go to Patreon.
 And send that stuff there because Andy picks out the best ones
 and we use them for both of those shows.
 So otherwise, just come back here next week.
 Big thank you, as ever, to our production team,
 Lee Engley and Ethan Ruperallia, as well as the rest
 of the Fish Busters.
 And that's it.
 In the words of the Washington State Model, bye and bye.
 [LAUGHTER]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
