 (upbeat music)
 - Hello and welcome to another episode
 of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming to you
 from four undisclosed locations in the UK.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I am sitting here with Anna Tyshinski, Andrew Hunter Murray
 and James Harkin.
 And once again, we have gathered round the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days
 and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with you, Andy.
 - My fact is that museums need visitors' breath
 in order to preserve their exhibits properly.
 - Interesting.
 - Museums rely on the moisture from our bodies
 to keep their things nice.
 'Cause when you breathe out,
 it's more moist than when you breathe in.
 You breathe in normal air and it takes a bit
 of your internal juice and it transports it to the outside.
 - Don't say internal juice, that's horrible.
 It's, sorry, Andy, can I just ask with, at the moment
 with COVID happening, not many people going to museums,
 is there a way that we can donate our internal juice?
 - Yeah, the British Museum is taking donations.
 You just say free post British Museum
 and you slap that on a big bag of juice.
 And they'll release it among the, yeah.
 So this is according to a curator at the British Museum,
 which has been closed for the longest time in its history.
 And normally they would get about 17,000 visitors a day
 and all those people and their breath
 help keep the right level of humidity in the air.
 'Cause they've got so many objects
 which require certain levels of humidity,
 things that can dry out easily.
 Maybe the object's made of bone,
 which might crack if it gets too low.
 And this is a problem.
 Objects have been at risk of cracking out.
 - So when we all are able to return to museums,
 you're suggesting maybe we should go around
 spitting on the exhibits?
 - Yes, I am, absolutely.
 - We all have a lot of friends who work in museums.
 So I thought I'd contact a few of those
 to see if they have the same problems in other museums.
 So one of our friends is Paolo Viscardi
 at the National Museum of Ireland.
 And he said that this is spot on.
 Their problem is less with people breathing out so much,
 but more that when you open the door normally,
 it would bring in a lot of moisture from outside
 because it's always pissing it down and doubling.
 And so basically you would open the door
 and that would bring in moisture from outside
 and no one's opening the door at the moment.
 So that's a problem.
 I also spoke to our friends at the Penis Museum in Iceland
 to see if they have any problems with humidity
 at the moment and Thorda wrote back to me and said,
 they've not had problems with conservation
 due to lack of humidity.
 We have discontinued stuffing our penises
 because it led to considerable shrinkage
 which may prove problematic when you're in the penis business.
 But the few taxidermy specimens we have
 have actually fared a little bit better due to COVID,
 mainly due to the lack of people touching them.
 - Right.
 - So people aren't touching his penises as much
 and so things are a bit better for him under COVID.
 - Blessing.
 - And just a reminder for anyone who visits the museum,
 don't spit on them when it's open again.
 People are penises alone.
 Can I just interject here to say how angry I was
 that you chose the one week I was away
 to discuss the Icelandic Penis Museum?
 - Oh, sorry.
 - I just want to mention that that was quite thoughtless.
 I discovered this week when I was listening back,
 you let Sandy Talks speak about it instead of me.
 - I'm really sorry about that.
 When lockdown's over, just come, you can come round
 and we'll get a bottle of wine out.
 We can talk about the Icelandic Penis Museum.
 - Honestly, Anna. - James, that means so much to me.
 - Anna, we didn't know you listened to the podcast.
 - We thought you did, we of course.
 - I tried to avoid it.
 Someone else had it on in the background.
 But I don't think you did mention
 they've got their only human penis quite recently.
 - Don't turn this into a penis museum, Jack.
 - I'm getting it back to the penis museum.
 I will make up for that lost time.
 No, I did enjoy a quote from the penis museum
 when I was looking at how they preserved their objects
 and they got their first human penis in 2011
 from the 95-year-old, Pally Arison,
 who promised it, I think, 15 years ago.
 I don't think you mentioned this.
 So he promised it 15 years ago to his friend as the curator,
 lived for an extra 15 years, which possibly wasn't expected.
 And there was an interview with the curator
 who was looking down at this 95-year-old man's penis,
 which he now has preserved.
 And the independent reporting on it said,
 "Glancing down at the glass container,
 "holding a grayish-brown shriveled mass,
 "he admitted that the preservation had not been successful."
 (laughing)
 - Oh, dear.
 - I remember that story because I think there was a race
 to get the first human penis into the penis museum.
 And it was between this 95-year-old guy
 and some 27-year-old bloke,
 and whichever of them died first
 was going to donate their penis.
 - That is a brilliant plot for a murdered novel, isn't it?
 (laughing)
 - Right, anyway, anyway.
 - Sorry, I've got that out of my system now.
 You can go back to proper use.
 Anyway, we'll edit that into the previous episode.
 (laughing)
 - I'd appreciate that.
 - But it's a big, it's a huge problem,
 and it's not the only problem they have.
 So in June, you remember it was a very hot summer this year,
 the British Museum had to specifically send in a curator
 because they thought that Oliver Cromwell's death mask
 might melt because it's made of wax,
 and it was so hot in the museum that,
 and that obviously is a very rare and precious thing.
 - But so I assume that even during lockdown,
 there were one or two caretakers
 that were able to walk around the museum,
 because for example, with the problem of no one breathing
 and creating that humidity,
 they do have sensors, over 700 all around the museum,
 that go off when the temperatures and humidity
 are not at the right level.
 So they can adjust them.
 They can press buttons to make sure that it regulates.
 It's not entirely reliant on humans breathing on them.
 So I would have assumed there just would have been someone
 there to put a hat on Oliver Cromwell's death mask
 or something.
 - I think there are people who can do that.
 They have a few people who go in.
 There's a brilliant interview with James McClain,
 who I think Dan definitely knows, I would say.
 I'm not sure if you guys know him,
 who's the fish curator at the Natural History Museum.
 And it's been his job during lockdown for some of the time
 to go and have a look around
 and make sure that everything's okay.
 So he's had to look after the flesh-eating beetles,
 for instance.
 So they have these beetles there,
 which strip down the bones.
 Whenever you get a new little animal,
 you put it in and the beetles eat all the meat off it
 and you come out with a perfect bone.
 And he's had to feed them so that they don't go looking
 for other things to eat.
 So he has to give them some conger eel heads
 to keep them happy.
 - Oh my God.
 - And he said something else in this.
 This is not about conservation,
 but I thought it was really interesting.
 He says he monitors the alcohol supply system
 in the Natural History Museum.
 And apparently in the Natural History Museum,
 there is a series of pipes that go through the whole museum.
 Like they're powered by steam power
 and they fire alcohol through the whole museum.
 And there are little taps in all the rooms
 where you can just get little bits of pure alcohol
 if you need it for preservation.
 Isn't that amazing?
 - That is so cool.
 - It's so cool.
 - Can you drink that?
 Or is that too intense?
 - No, it's pure ethanol.
 So I would advise against it.
 If you ever get stuck in the Natural History Museum,
 then probably, you know, there might be--
 - Don't check the tap.
 - Don't check the tap.
 Go to check out the staff canteen
 if you need some alcohol, probably, rather than the taps.
 Otherwise, you've drunk from an ethanol tap,
 you're absolutely hammered
 and you're in a room surrounded by dead,
 stuffed, giant, extinct animals,
 which sounds like something out of a nightmare.
 - That movie, "The Nice at the Museum"
 is very different if you've been drinking pure ethanol
 the night before.
 - It's quite dangerous having all that ethanol there
 for preservation in the Natural History Museum.
 They have to be careful with bigger animals.
 So I think the head of fish curation,
 who's called Oliver Crimin,
 or he claims to be the head,
 but maybe your friend is his rival.
 - They work together.
 Ollie and James work together, yeah.
 - Okay, work together, rivals,
 whatever you wanna call it.
 (laughing)
 They stuffed their largest fish recently.
 So they've got 900,000 dead fish in there
 and it was a blue marlin, which was four meters long.
 It washed up in Wales in 2016.
 And I just love the fact that within 24 hours,
 Oliver's there on the beach,
 on the Pembrokeshire coast immediately.
 And it needed 10,000 litres of ethanol,
 which is what you'd normally preserve it in,
 but that's incredibly flammable and very dangerous.
 That would explode the entire museum if a flame got to it.
 So they had to sort of create this new solution for it,
 glycerol.
 But it's very cool. - 10,000 litres.
 - Yeah, it's big.
 - How big is a marlin?
 - They're much bigger than I realised.
 They-- - It's like a size of a tuna,
 isn't it, a marlin?
 - Yeah, marlins are massive.
 - I guess, just that's amazing.
 That is really extraordinary.
 Is one of them, does one of them do the heads of the fish
 and the other one does the tails of the fish?
 - Yeah, but they flip for it on the start of each day
 to see what does it do.
 (laughing)
 - Just back to the British Museum very quickly.
 What do you suppose the two most popular things
 in the museum, what do you think the two most popular things
 are? - Okay.
 - And I'm getting this from a British Museum blog
 from 2017, so it might have changed since then.
 - Like the mummies, I would say people always go
 for the mummies, don't they?
 - I'd say one of the mummies.
 - Boom, number one, Egyptian collection mummies
 is the number one most searched for thing
 on their website that people wanna find out about.
 So what's number two?
 - For number two, I would say maybe the--
 - Is that a stone, is that in there?
 - Yeah. - Oh, there is a stone, is there?
 - I would say the-- - I'd say the Fiji mermaid.
 - Oh, is that the-- - Is that the Elgin marbles?
 - Oh, the Elgin marbles, yeah, good cool.
 It's actually Japanese erotica, so shunger it's called
 and these are on panels.
 It's a painting of very erotic Japanese
 kind of karma sutra-esque looking drawings
 and there was a big exhibition in 2014,
 the second most searched for thing on their website,
 more so than the opening hours,
 it's called Japanese erotica.
 - No way.
 - It's no good knowing the opening hours
 if you don't know the way to the Japanese erotica.
 - That's what you constantly see,
 very disappointed looking slightly horny people
 at two in the morning,
 looking really angry outside the British Museum.
 Didn't realize they weren't open.
 - Yeah, 40,000 annual searches for shunger on their website
 and the Egyptian collection gets 53,000.
 - Do we know if that's 40,000 different people
 or is it one unbelievably horny?
 One cool thing during this whole breath thing,
 one of the collections of,
 the head of collections care is a woman called Sandra Smith
 and she said about the breath crisis at the museum,
 she said, "It was not alarming, that's a bit scaremongering,
 "but it's fair to say that when we started
 "watching the moisture dropping,
 "we were all holding our breath
 "and wanting it to normalize."
 (laughing)
 - What, stop it, you idiot.
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, it is time for fact number two and that is Anna.
 - Okay, well, before I say my fact this week,
 I just want to warn any more squeamish listeners
 that it is kind of gruesome,
 but I want to reassure them that it has a happy ending.
 So, steal yourselves.
 - My fact this week is that in 1997,
 a mass tug of war went so badly wrong
 that it ripped two of the contestants' arms off.
 - Anna, no.
 - I'm sorry, all of your guys' faces
 are making me regret this.
 - We knew what you were gonna say, Anna.
 - Exactly, it doesn't make it any better.
 - As I hear it, it gets worse, actually.
 I'm just gonna say immediately,
 before I go anywhere near the rest of this,
 that they had some very extensive microsurgery
 and their arms were reattached
 along with extensive nerve grafting
 and they regained their hand functions, okay?
 So, we're okay to talk about this,
 a tug of war ripped their arms off.
 And that can happen.
 It was actually meant to be a day of celebration.
 It was in Taiwan and it was the anniversary
 of the end of Japanese rule.
 It was to celebrate that.
 And 1600 people took part
 and people don't realize how dangerous tug of war is.
 So, that ended up putting 80,000 kilograms of force
 on this five centimeter wide nylon rope
 that could only bear 26,000.
 So, it was kind of impressive that it hung on that long.
 And the rope snapped and the rebound force of it snapping
 seems to have just torn off the left arms
 of the two people at the front of each row.
 So, it's kind of amazing physics, I guess.
 That massive force is sitting in the rope
 when it's being pulled.
 And as soon as the rope breaks,
 that force has to go somewhere,
 that energy goes somewhere.
 And so, it immediately goes straight into the body
 of the person who's at the front of the row
 who essentially pulls his body away from his arm.
 - I'm so squeamish that I actually didn't do
 any further research on this specific incident
 that happened.
 And so, I assumed that it was just that they got tugged
 at the wrong moment or that like the other 3,000 people
 on the other team all pulled at the same time
 and only one person had turned up for their own tea
 or whatever.
 (laughing)
 - It was not that.
 - It was interesting 'cause it was a slightly different
 to the normal tug of war, I think, that we have
 in that there were lots of branches that came off the rope.
 So, it wasn't just like, let's say it was 16,000 people.
 It wasn't 8,000 people pulling on one end of the rope
 and 8,000 people on the other.
 All the rope had loads of kind of bits coming off it
 that people would pull on the side.
 'Cause that's the way they do it in Taiwan.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 Depending on your level of squeamishness,
 there is a really good Snopes article on it.
 The picture in which I found extremely confusing.
 So, it does show a man lying on the ground
 after the tug of war next to his arm.
 And then the only other person in shot is a cameraman
 who's sitting there with his back to this man,
 pointing the camera in a completely different direction.
 Now, what I wanna know is, what in God's name
 is he taking a photo of?
 That is more interesting than that.
 - Oh, man.
 Well, there were two guys, right?
 Maybe it's the other guy.
 - There were two guys on the arm.
 Imagine coming around after extensive microsurgery,
 hearing the surgeon saying, don't worry,
 we have brilliant medical science these days.
 We've managed to reattach your arm.
 You look down and you think, that's not my watch.
 - This happens a lot, right?
 And not enough that it's a sort of public announcement
 to say, stop doing tug of war.
 But this isn't a one-off.
 There are cases that you can read.
 - Don't say one-off.
 (all laughing)
 - But sadly, in these mass tug of wars,
 people do lose hands.
 In some cases, sadly, some people have died.
 But it's only with these mega, these mega tug of wars.
 - I think one of the problems is that
 in professional tug of war, they have rules, right?
 They have very strict rules of what you're allowed to do
 and what you're not allowed to do.
 If you just get a load of people,
 like 1600 people pulling on a bit of rope,
 they're not gonna necessarily follow
 all the health and safety things.
 The main problem is when you wrap it around yourself
 to kind of pull.
 And that's obviously a problem.
 In a professional tug of war,
 you're not allowed to do that at all.
 - It's amazing how widespread tug of war seems to have been
 throughout history and all around the world, isn't it?
 So in Thailand, it happens at Buddhist funerals,
 I think, in Thailand and Burma.
 And it's only if you're a really high up Buddhist,
 if you're a really senior monk,
 then there's a massive tug of war over your corpse.
 - Not over your actual corpse.
 - Okay, well, it's over your hearse with the corpse on it.
 And this is, it sounds kind of fun.
 Your body's put on a cart and it's pulled to this field
 and it's gonna be cremated.
 But first of all, all the villagers gather around
 and they pull at the cart on either side.
 Sometimes this goes on for days
 of just pulling the cart one way
 and then the rope snaps
 and the other team pull it a long way the other way.
 And they get cheerleaders and they have megaphones
 with people kind of egging one team on.
 And with just with this Buddhist monk's body
 rollicking around on the cart for a while.
 - Wow.
 - And I think the idea is that it's a way
 of getting all the goodness out of the monk,
 all the merit they call it before you cremate him.
 And it sounds like an absolute laugh.
 (all laughing)
 - I was reading about professional tug of war
 and the world championships and stuff like that.
 And the best women's team is from Taiwan.
 They are unbelievably good.
 They've won every single world championship to date.
 - Right, wow.
 - But they go under the name of Chinese Taipei
 because obviously there's political things
 between China and the Taiwanese.
 And so they compete under the name Chinese Taipei.
 But whenever they play China,
 they always want to absolutely smash them, okay?
 I read an interview with one of the players
 called Chen Lihui.
 And she said that when she played against the Chinese,
 they could have beaten them really, really quickly.
 And she says, "But instead we tortured them slowly
 before making them lose."
 So they just kind of make it look like
 they're gonna win, look like they're gonna win,
 look like they're gonna win.
 And then they smashed them.
 - Oh, my goodness.
 - That's amazing.
 - Yeah, I watched a professional tug of war match
 just this morning and it was very different
 to how I pictured it would be.
 As in I thought you would have the gun or whatever go, go off.
 And it would be kind of just kind of a lot of pulling,
 a lot of just, come on, let's do this, a lot of tugging.
 But what happens in the one that I saw
 and this was a finals and it was, I think it was England
 and someone else, they basically, they started it
 and they go completely rigid.
 They put their feet in, they lock down and they hold
 and they're pulling really hard,
 but there's no movement whatsoever.
 And this match lasted nine minutes long
 and for the first five or so minutes,
 it was just them basically holding firm.
 I think with a tension that I guess it just tires you out
 a bit and then you make your move.
 So it's a sort of, but it's very boring
 for the first five minutes.
 You're just staring at people leaning backwards.
 - I read, it's not a good spectator score.
 Yeah, it's just motionless, motionless, motionless.
 Oh, a load of people have fallen over the end.
 I read one article and this was in the physics website.
 So they weren't going on the sporting side of it,
 but they reckoned that it's just basically about friction.
 It's not even about how strong you are.
 Because if you think about it, if you're pulling on a rope
 which is attached to a wall, you can pull it
 as hard as you want.
 And if you pull and pull and pull, all you're gonna do
 is move yourself closer to the wall.
 You're not gonna move the wall
 because the wall is stuck there.
 And so the idea is that if the other team
 has got a really good face and really stuck
 on the floor with good friction with nice solid boots
 and you're on ice, you could be a million times
 stronger than them, but all you're gonna do
 is pull yourself closer to them.
 You're not gonna pull them closer to you.
 - So I read a lot of the Tug of War International
 Federation Rulebook in preparation for this recording.
 Oh my God, they're called TWIFT for short.
 And their rules are so good.
 They're so interesting.
 So there are all kinds of rules.
 There's a whole page about doping in Tug of War.
 Not allowed.
 And there's not much anyway, 'cause why would you?
 - But the rules about shoes--
 - What? 'Cause it makes you stronger, Charlie.
 - Well, but it doesn't give you more friction.
 It doesn't, you know. - Oh, you can't take--
 - You can't take a drug that makes you rough.
 Yeah. (laughing)
 - It would need to be a stickiness.
 You want sticky feet, don't you?
 - Well, this is exactly, this is why the shoes section
 of TWIFT rules is so enormous and comprehensive.
 You aren't allowed to have shoes
 that are more than 20% longer than your feet.
 Because when you think about it, that is--
 - That's why the clouds won the first five Olympics
 didn't they? (laughing)
 - They would win, wouldn't they?
 Because they've just got so much more surface
 in contact with the ground.
 Like, what?
 And there are all these things you could be banned for.
 You could be banned for sitting down.
 That's happened in, when it was an Olympic sport,
 actually, the British team ones got banned for sitting.
 It's not really sitting down.
 It's falling over. - Well, actually,
 the first ever rules, I read them and explicitly,
 it says sitting on another member of your team
 is not permitted. (laughing)
 - Fair, that is fair.
 - But also not trying hard enough
 is a disqualifiable offense.
 - Really?
 - So it says in the rules,
 teams failing to actively engage in the competitive effort
 during a pull leading to a prolonged stalemate
 which could bring the sport into disrepute.
 - But that's what I was saying, basically,
 what the Chinese Taipei/Taiwanese team were doing.
 Like, deliberately not trying hard to try and make it.
 - Well, they gotta watch out then, yeah.
 - That's very interesting.
 TWIFT is a wonderful website, by the way.
 - I read the latest newsletter.
 They've just celebrated their 60th anniversary
 as the Tug of War International Federation.
 Sadly, due to COVID, aren't able to meet up
 to be there with each other.
 So they're gonna do it next year.
 - It's the perfect sport.
 It's the perfect sport
 for keeping people at fixed two-meter intervals.
 (laughing)
 - Yeah, so they're gonna be meeting up next year
 for their 60th plus one anniversary in 2021.
 And I was reading their mission statement
 and the mission statement basically is,
 their main objective is they want this
 to become an Olympic sport again.
 They're desperate to get it back in the Olympics
 'cause in the early Olympics,
 they were five Olympics that they were a part of,
 I think, was it?
 1920, I think, was the last that they ever did.
 And Britain, the holders of the,
 well, not necessarily Britain, the holders,
 because it's actually a very specific bit of Britain.
 It is the city of London police
 who are the reigning Olympic champions of tug of war.
 And yeah, and they're constantly trying
 to get it back into the Olympics,
 but it's not happened yet.
 And I think it should go back in.
 It's no different to the discus.
 It's no different to, yeah, I think it's quite a...
 - Yeah, but it's no different to egg and spoon race
 or that race where you run across,
 put a different item of clothing on each time
 until you look like a farmer.
 That's not the answer.
 - It requires much, much less skill than those.
 It requires being fat and having spikes in your shoes.
 - No, no, no, no.
 It is, it's not just about strength, as we know.
 It's skill as well.
 - No, that's what I'm saying.
 It's not about, it's nothing to do with strength.
 It's about standing there and being heavy.
 - Heavy is nothing to do with it.
 - I found it really interesting
 that we've got two people,
 me and Anna on the side of tug of war is not a skill spot.
 And then we've got you two on the other side
 pulling in your direction.
 - Only one way to settle it.
 - I am pro of the Olympic claim
 because Great Britain did seem to absolutely smash it.
 'Cause not only did the police team win,
 we were allowed to submit various teams.
 And I think Great Britain won all three medals in 1908,
 as well as winning various medals in the race.
 - But it wasn't just Great Britain
 winning all three medals.
 It was specific police forces from Britain winning all three.
 So the city of London took gold,
 Liverpool's police force won silver,
 and then more other London policemen took the bronze medal.
 It could not have been a more decent thing.
 - It was quite controversial though,
 because the Liverpool team,
 there is a suggestion that they were wearing
 such enormous shoes.
 And according to some people who wrote about it at the time,
 their shoes were so heavy
 that they could only just lift their feet off the floor
 after they had to leave the arena.
 - Well, so if you read the latest newsletter
 from the TWIFT website,
 there's an actual breakdown
 of how a lot of these problems were solved
 by one of the founding members who helped us solve it,
 which is when they had their first international matches,
 every different country had different rules
 for what they were allowed to do,
 different size shoes, different grips,
 different laying down on stuff.
 And so it was this guy who writes his historical piece
 in the newsletter,
 who says that he got together with everyone
 and they sort of internationalized the rules for tug of war,
 so that there's now one solid way
 that if you enter this competition,
 you can only perform it.
 - I really hope that the TWIFT website
 gets a massive spike in visitors.
 If you're listening to this,
 just please go to the TWIFT website
 'cause I want whoever runs the TWIFT website
 to say, like, phone his colleagues,
 it's finally happening, we're doing it.
 - TWIFT just sounds like a swear word you use
 when you've got a toddler around
 so you can't say the actual word, doesn't it?
 It's an absolute TWIFT.
 I think that there should just be the prerequisite
 that if you cannot mount the podiums to claim your medal
 'cause your shoes are too heavy,
 that's automatic disqualification.
 - I'll just chuck it down here, that's fine.
 - Imagine the very start of the Olympics
 where they're all marching around the stadium
 with a big flag and you've just got the tug of war
 so you're dragging their feet along.
 Here they come, the tug of war competitors.
 It always slows down for this bit.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three and that is James.
 - Okay, my fact this week is that in medieval elections,
 you were supposed to object to any suggestion
 that you wanted to win.
 When he became Archbishop of Canterbury in 1093,
 St. Anselm refused to accept the ceremonial staff
 so they had to break his fingers to force it into his hand.
 - Come on.
 - This is, and if you go on Snopes,
 you can see photographs of the hand being broken.
 - No, obviously not.
 - There's a scribe looking at something else.
 What is he looking at?
 - So I read this from BBC History Magazine.
 It's an article by Professor Bjorn Weiler
 from Aberystwyth University
 and it's about medieval elections
 that took place around that time.
 And there were always elections for things like bishops
 and archbishops and popes and councils and stuff like that.
 Sometimes also kings, some kings were elected,
 which I didn't know.
 But the idea was that whoever won
 was gonna be whatever God wanted.
 And you shouldn't really want to have power over other people
 if you're a holy good person.
 And so you wouldn't try and go around
 getting people to vote for you or anything like that.
 It was really, really looked down on.
 You should just accept the nomination, accept the win
 and say, well, I didn't really want this,
 but since you insist, I'm gonna do it.
 And then Saint Anselm, he got the archbishopship of Canterbury
 and they had to give him the staff as part of the ceremony,
 but he was like, no, I'm still gonna pretend
 that I don't want this.
 And they had to break it.
 - You'll have to force that ceremonial staff
 into my dead hands.
 - Oh, so he was definitely acting?
 - Well, actually probably not, 'cause he was a saint.
 And if you believe all the stories about Saint Anselm,
 he was an extremely pious man who didn't want any...
 It's funny 'cause he's quite a famous saint
 and he did lots of cool stuff, but all the way through,
 it's like, oh, no, I don't really want anyone
 to know who I am, oh, no.
 Like he deliberately went to become the number two
 of a very famous monk, because the other guy was so famous,
 he thought that will deflect all the fame off me.
 - He's like the two fish curators
 at the Natural History Museum is what we're saying.
 (all laughing)
 I love, it's such a funny, although he wouldn't have been
 a saint at the time, I guess.
 He would have just been Mr. Anselm.
 - So, yeah, probably not Mr. Anselm.
 - Yeah, Mr. Anselm.
 - We should just say, he obviously set an example
 that a lot of world leaders follow today
 in his reluctance for power.
 I like Anselm because he's the father of scholasticism,
 so which was a massive deal,
 which was basically the biggest intellectual movement
 of the late middle ages.
 Stop laughing, Andy, that's not why I like him.
 (all laughing)
 - I'm not an absolute no, okay?
 So, scholasticism was this very important new wave thing,
 which was using logic and reason and debate
 to justify religious arguments
 instead of just monasticism
 where you bought everything you read in the Bible
 without questioning it.
 Anyway, the reason I raise it is
 'cause the most famous scholastic
 is one of my favorite people, who's Peter Abelard,
 who was the guy who was inspired by Anselm,
 and he was the leading philosopher of the 12th century,
 really arrogant, bit of a pain,
 argued with his teachers all the time,
 totally uninterested in women
 'cause all about his study,
 and then suddenly decided he really wanted
 to be the best juicer on the face of the earth.
 So, fell in love with this woman called Eloise,
 and shagged her in the convent kitchen
 and in her uncle's bedroom, and then he married her,
 but he also wanted to get a religious post,
 so he married her in secret,
 and her uncle thought that he'd refused to marry her.
 There was all a bit of a misunderstanding,
 and her uncle did what any good uncle would do
 and sent some men round to chop his bulls off,
 and so--
 - And they're now hanging in the penis museum in Iceland.
 - Here we go, leave it alone, Anna!
 He missed the episode, get over it!
 (all laughing)
 - Sorry, Anna. - I'm perfectly preserved.
 - This is why you like St. Anselm.
 - Because he was an excuse for me to delve back
 into our vlog, my favourite person of the 12th century.
 I just love that you've got your testicles chopped off
 over a misunderstanding.
 - That's terrible.
 - Yeah, St. Anselm's father was called Gandalf.
 - No, no, no. - No, stop it, yeah.
 Gandalf. - No.
 - I guess we only think that's funny,
 'cause Tolkien then went on to use the name,
 'cause presumably, but that is hilarious.
 - Yeah, yeah, hands up, that's why I find that funny.
 (all laughing)
 I'm not gonna hide it.
 Gandalf, ironically though, loved his ceremonial star.
 - That's true.
 - Whereas Anselm, of course, not a fan.
 - That's true.
 - Anselm once was in church with Henry I,
 and he issued the decree of excommunication
 against people who had long hair,
 because long curly hair had become fashionable in court,
 and he did a sermon that was so convincing
 that several of the people with long hair in the church
 burst into tears and pulled out their hair
 by its roots, and the king also started crying,
 and one of his assistants had a pair of scissors
 and chopped off the king's hair there and then.
 - Wow, that's convincing, that's good rhetoric.
 - That is.
 - So just on these sort of medieval strange elections
 that happened, and sort of the strangeness of their structure,
 and how, you know, have you guys heard about the elections
 in the Venetian Republic?
 - No.
 - Oh, no.
 - Okay, so medieval Venice was led by the doge, DOGE,
 and the doge was elected by the great council of Venice, okay?
 This is a huge council, had lots and lots of members,
 and it was run by a few noble families,
 but it had, you know, hundreds of members,
 and everyone wanted to be the doge,
 obviously very powerful,
 but the system was designed very carefully
 to stop anyone gaining and keeping power, okay?
 So you had to stop people consolidating their authority
 once they were elected doge, you know?
 So it sort of keeps things in balance.
 So this is how they elected a doge, right?
 You pick 30 members of the great council at random, okay?
 Then you pick nine of those 30, also at random, okay?
 You're trying to pick the electing body here.
 You've got nine people.
 - How are you picking them at random?
 You're just sort of throwing a bouquet or something.
 - Names out of a hat, yeah.
 - Those nine members, they then select 40 more members, right?
 Then of those 40, 12 are randomly picked.
 Those 12 choose 25 more,
 who are randomly cut down to nine, okay?
 Those nine then choose another 45,
 of whom 11 are picked at random.
 And then those 11 choose 41 more.
 Those 41 then vote for the doge.
 - Wow. - Exactly.
 - And can I ask,
 what proportion was done by postal voting?
 'Cause if there's any more than 10,
 I don't believe a word of it.
 - I, just reading into some of these mad elections,
 there was that classic one of
 after Pope Clement IV died.
 They spent three years trying to decide
 on who the new Pope was.
 And it took so long that eventually
 the citizens of the area got so angry, so pissed off,
 they locked all of the people voting into a church,
 and they refused to feed them anything.
 So they're just like, get in there,
 decide on this, no food, no water,
 and they even ripped off the roof of the church
 so that the elements could rain on them and so on,
 just until they had that decision.
 And they finally did get that decision.
 Pope Gregory X.
 - We should say that that instance that you're describing
 is the reason that paper elections and conclaves
 happen as they do today, right?
 Conclave means with keys.
 And that goes back to that time
 where they had to lock them in the bloody church.
 - So the new rule said that after three days of voting,
 you then, you only get one meal per day from then on.
 Then after eight days, you only get bread and water,
 plus a little wine, apparently, just softened it.
 But the next two popes were elected under those rules.
 And amazingly, they both took under 10 days to decide
 because the food rules have been changed, that was it.
 - But then in 1292, it took two years again to get a pope.
 - Yeah, the rules fell apart again.
 - They all, yeah. - So they instituted
 the rules and then they stopped obeying them
 for quite a long time. - Yeah, and then that time,
 they only elected a pope because a pissed off hermit
 wrote into them, warning them of divine vengeance
 that if they didn't elect the pope,
 and when his letter came in,
 one of the brothers who picked it up went,
 "Well, let's just make this guy the pope."
 And they did, not the hermit.
 - Yeah, he tried to run away, didn't he?
 He genuinely didn't want to.
 I think he was legit, Pietro Damoroni, who was,
 yeah, he wrote to them being like, decide, they picked him.
 He tried to flee, they stopped him,
 they forced him to go into power.
 And only one edict that he passed
 when he was in power as pope remained in force.
 And that was the edict he passed
 that was the right for a pope to abdicate,
 which he did within five months.
 - Yeah.
 - Sometimes you can protest too much.
 In the 1190s, in very St. Edmunds,
 they were looking for a new abbot.
 And there was a few different candidates,
 but of course they were all,
 "Oh no, I don't want it, I don't want it."
 But then one of them was really loudly and annoyingly saying,
 "No, I don't want it, anyone, don't vote for me."
 "Whatever you do, don't vote for me."
 And everyone thought that really,
 he was actually campaigning
 'cause he was like shouting a lot
 and like making himself seen.
 And everyone thought that really,
 he was taking the piss a little bit.
 And then he was killed by a collapsing beam,
 which all the other priests saw as a sign from God,
 but yep, he was definitely,
 he was definitely taking the piss.
 - Did all the other priests have to bury the chainsaws
 that they brought to that meeting very quickly?
 - I would love it if political campaigns
 the day just involved the politicians
 all insisting loudly they didn't want it.
 - It would be fun.
 - It would be fun.
 - If they were trying to force your hand
 onto the Bible at the inauguration
 and he was saying, "No, I don't want, no,
 I'm not touching it, no."
 (laughing)
 - Used to be like that in America.
 So when Horace Greeley ran against
 Ulysses S. Grant in 1872,
 he was the first one who went across a whole country,
 kind of canvassing for votes.
 And all Grant's team, they just mocked him for it.
 And they said, "Look, this is just,
 I can't believe what you're doing.
 This is not the right way to want to become president.
 If you want a president who is a humble man,
 we don't want someone who's shouting
 from the rooftops that I'm the best."
 - God, that's interesting.
 And when was that?
 That was kind of 1880 odd or?
 - 1872, yeah.
 - Sorry, okay, yeah.
 - And actually it's still the rule in America really,
 or it's supposed to be that if you're going to be
 the running mate of a potential president,
 then you're not supposed to campaign for that.
 And that's now you're not supposed to do that.
 So whenever, yeah, when Joe Biden was looking
 for his running mate and he said,
 "I'm definitely going to have a woman.
 We don't know who it is yet,
 but I'll definitely be a woman."
 Obviously all of the journalists would ask
 all of the main probable candidates,
 would you be up for it?
 And a couple of them said,
 "Yeah, I'd definitely be up for it."
 And then a lot of the commentators in America said,
 "Well, that's not really on.
 You're not really supposed to do that.
 You're supposed to say,
 "Well, if it comes my way, I'll see what happens,
 but I'm really, I'm concentrating on campaigning
 for the president and stuff like that."
 - I guess that still happens, doesn't it?
 Like in British politics,
 they say, "Do you want to be prime minister?"
 And they say, "No, I'm doing the job."
 - That's what Rishi Sunak says every week, isn't it?
 - Yeah.
 (all laughing)
 - It's so transparent.
 I wonder if it was as grotesquely transparent
 as this in the olden days,
 when even the nice ones, you know, AOC and people,
 no, it wouldn't cross my mind, be president.
 No, I don't, I just, I'm just here for the people,
 for the do good thing.
 I wish someone would just say,
 the only reason I'm in this job
 is to achieve ultimate power.
 (all laughing)
 - I've just got one more thing
 about electoral malpractice.
 This is actually a recent story,
 got sent to me on Twitter by Kata Ovary.
 So thank you to you.
 This is about the New Zealand Bird of the Year competition,
 which has identified 1500 fraudulent votes.
 So there has been voter fraud in one election this year.
 - Can I just ask,
 how often in the New Zealand Bird of the Year
 the competition does the Kiwi not win?
 'Cause it feels like-
 - I had no idea, the field is wide open.
 - Really? - It's amazing.
 Yeah, I mean, in this case,
 there was a lot of tampering
 on behalf of the little spotted Kiwi,
 which got 1500 fraudulent votes,
 got pushed to the top of the leaderboard,
 they've been removed, but no, it's wide open.
 So, and this is not the first time
 this election has been tampered with.
 So there's a whole report about this in Vice,
 which said this, in 2015,
 two teenage girls tried to rig the results
 in favour of the cock-a-co.
 In 2017, a number of fake email accounts were created
 to boost the polls in favour of the white-faced Heron.
 And in 2018, someone voted for the shag
 more than 3,000 times.
 (all laughing)
 - I didn't even know Boris Johnson was in New Zealand.
 (all laughing)
 - That's the same guy Googling Shinga,
 the British New Zealand West, I don't know.
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, it's time for our final fact of the show.
 And that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that the reason America
 has a national anthem is down to Robert Ripley,
 believe it or not.
 - Mm, that's very clever wording,
 'cause who's gonna think we'll believe it or not?
 - I felt yucky saying that, it looked fine on the page.
 When it came out of my mouth, that was a bit weird.
 So, Robert Ripley, the creator of the very famous
 Believe It or Not series of books and museums
 around the world, wrote in 1929 that the star-spangled banner
 had never actually formally been adopted by America
 as the national anthem.
 It was used in lots of ceremonies,
 it was done everywhere, and he got a lot of angry mail
 from that saying, "How dare you say that?"
 Until it was realized that actually constitutionally,
 it wasn't officially their anthem.
 So, five million people signed a petition
 that was forwarded onto Congress.
 And eventually in 1931, President Hoover signed a law
 to say this is officially recognized now.
 So, yeah, it's down to Ripley.
 - Amazing. - Thank you, Ripley.
 - Just thanks to Ripley, interestingly.
 So, it had to be proposed that law by a representative.
 And it was the man who proposed that was called John Lindtikum.
 And he represented parts of Baltimore,
 which is what this song is about, isn't it?
 It's about a fort, Fort McHenry in Baltimore.
 So, get this, Lindtikum himself, the politician,
 his first wife was a woman called Eugenia Mae Biden,
 who appears from what I can tell
 to be a relative of Joe Biden, distant relative.
 - No way. - No way.
 - Yeah, I don't know about a distant relative.
 I mean, he is quite old,
 so she might just be his older sister or something.
 (all laughing)
 But yeah, that's amazing.
 - He should have made more of that in his campaign.
 He might have actually clinched the bloody election properly.
 He emphasizes connections to the national anthem.
 - Okay, Donald Jr.
 (all laughing)
 - It was actually signed as the national anthem
 in an executive order by Woodrow Wilson
 about 20 years earlier, wasn't it?
 But it hadn't been properly rubber stamped by Congress.
 And it was in 1931 that they rubber stamped it.
 So, it was kind of a half law when Ripley did this
 and then it became a full, straight on law in 1931.
 - Yeah, and his piece that he did,
 so this was, he used to do illustrations
 that would sort of have little bits of writing
 around it to tell you this fact.
 And in his original illustration,
 it was a bit controversial,
 the wording that he used for it,
 because he said, "America has no national anthem."
 So that was his big headline statement.
 Then he said, "The USA, brackets being a dry country,"
 'cause of course prohibition at the time,
 "has been using, without authorization,
 "a vulgar old English drinking song."
 So, he was sort of doubling down on not only is it not our song,
 but it's completely against what our government stands for
 at the moment, pencil the sort of outrage.
 - But wait, so then he petitioned to have the vulgar old
 English drinking song actually formally institutes.
 - No, that was separate to him.
 He just, this was him putting out a fact.
 This was people randomly realizing we need to petition.
 He didn't push that at all.
 - But then they did adopt the drinking song,
 of course, didn't they?
 - Yeah, exactly.
 - Because the Star Spangled Banner,
 the tune came from a society in the London Dintic
 called the Anacriotic Society,
 which was like a drinking club on the Strand
 and in various parts of London.
 And you would go down and you would drink
 and you would sing this song.
 - It sort of sounded like an 18th century
 Bullingdon Club a little bit, didn't it?
 - Yeah.
 - A gentleman hanging out drinking,
 except for actually not as fun,
 because they met once a month.
 And it was fun on the one hand,
 but it did start with a three hour long instrumental concert
 to have your supper.
 - No.
 - Yeah, they dropped that.
 - And then it only lasted a few years.
 It came to an end when the Duchess of Devonshire
 attended one of the meetings.
 And then they started singing some of these
 quite ribald songs.
 And she was not very happy about it at all.
 And it wasn't just that she wasn't very happy.
 It was that the people singing them felt
 that they couldn't really sing these rude songs
 in front of a lady.
 And so they slowly stopped singing them.
 And then resigned one after another that same night.
 And just all went, no, no, actually,
 I'm not doing this anymore.
 And one after another, they all left until
 there was only a couple of people left
 and the Duchess of Devonshire.
 And the Duchess of--
 - What a buzz kill.
 - I know, I know.
 I mean, the thing is that she really wasn't a buzz kill.
 Like Georgiana, the Duchess of Devonshire,
 she was the great, great, great, great aunt
 of Diana Princess of Wales.
 And she was really famous for being kind of a bit out there
 as far as Duchesses were concerned.
 She was always drinking, she was gambling.
 She got in real trouble in the election in 1974
 because of claims that she was trading kisses for votes.
 - Oh, really?
 - Guy Fox, yeah. - Not 1974, presumably.
 1774?
 - Well, weirdly, it's 1784.
 So I'm not sure.
 I got the one in the far right in that.
 - That's all that matters.
 - But yeah, apparently she said
 that she would kiss a particular butcher
 if he voted for this Guy Fox.
 And then supporters of William Pitt said,
 well, that is just basically a kins of prostitution.
 So this is gonna be a massive scandal
 and it became a massive scandal.
 Although it seems when we look at it now
 from the future, it looks like perhaps it wasn't even her
 who was saying this, it might have been her sister.
 - Wait, was her sister saying, I will kiss the butcher?
 Or was she saying, I'll get my sister,
 the Duchess of Devonshire to kiss you, Mr Butcher?
 - What I believe happened is the sister said,
 I'll kiss the butcher if you vote for Fox.
 And the papers thought it was the Duchess of Devonshire
 who'd done this.
 - Oh, so the sister was like the dodgy relative
 who's dragging down a proper political campaign.
 - Kind of, yeah.
 Although really it was just an excuse
 for the Pitt team to just, you know.
 - Yeah, it's such an ineffective method
 of winning an election as well.
 If you have to transport someone around the country,
 kissing everyone, every butcher, yeah.
 - Did this poor butcher end up getting a kiss for God's sake
 from the Duchess or her sister?
 That's what I wanna know.
 Everyone forgets about the butcher in this story.
 - The butcher did, the butcher got a kiss.
 - Thank God. - And I think that was,
 if she had just said, I might give you a kiss if you vote,
 then it might not have been so bad,
 but it was the fact that she did the kiss
 and then he voted.
 So they were like, yeah, that's bang on prostitution.
 - She was, she was a cool dude though.
 It must have been a really bad song for it to put her off.
 I think if you were ashamed to sing a song in front
 of the Duchess, then actually,
 you shouldn't have been singing the song in the first place.
 - Yeah, but it's very hard, isn't it,
 to sing the star-spangled banner.
 So I've never actually had a crack at it,
 but apparently it's got 19 semitones in it
 and it's just such an inappropriate song
 for almost everybody's vocal range.
 And mostly when you're watching someone sing it,
 you're just thinking, are they gonna hit the high note
 or not?
 - Yeah.
 - I was written by a guy called John Stafford Smith
 when he was still a teenager.
 He was a lay vicar of Westminster
 and he died at the age of 85
 from a grape pip lodged in his windpipe.
 - No.
 - Well, can I say something about this?
 - Yeah.
 - I wasted a day, I think, trying to track this down.
 So John Stafford Smith, who incidentally never claimed
 that he'd written the anthem,
 refused to acknowledge he'd written it,
 even though everyone in the society was like,
 yeah mate, you wrote this.
 Now, there's like various books say that the way he died
 was aged 85 or 86, from a grape pip lodged in his throat.
 But the society, the Anachronian society,
 was named after this ancient Greek poet, Anachron,
 sixth century BC poet, who also, according to Pliny the Elder,
 died from choking on a grape pip at the age of 85 or 86.
 Now, this is too much of a coincidence to be possible.
 - No, come on.
 - Someone has cocked up those sources.
 - You're too skeptical.
 It's definitely, you know, they're both famous drinkers.
 They drank wine.
 What's wine made out of?
 Great.
 - It was one of the leading causes of death
 for the over 80s, quite recently.
 - For about 3,000 years, wasn't it?
 It was, it was.
 Back in the days when you still had pips in the wine,
 it's nice that we get pitted wine now, isn't it?
 - So the old vicar, sorry,
 he's the one who wrote the original,
 did he write the original lyrics?
 Or did he write the tune?
 - He wrote the tune. - No, the tune.
 - Sorry, oh yeah.
 So when I was talking about the semitones thing,
 that's about the modern song.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 So that was written by a guy called Francis Scott Key.
 And he was 35 years old at the time
 when he was on a British ship in the Baltimore Harbor
 and there was the bombing of Fort McHenry.
 And he was watching as all the bombs went down and so on.
 And it was in the dawn's early light
 that he saw this massive flag,
 the stars and stripes still flying there
 from this vantage point on the boat.
 And he just found it so amazing
 that he wrote down these lyrics for not that song
 just as a poem and it got published in a paper
 and it got adapted then by someone else
 into that song that we now have.
 - Seriously weird moment for him
 because the way it happened was he,
 the war of 1812 was happening in 1814, as it did.
 And he boarded a British ship
 to try and negotiate the release of this doctor guy
 who was a good guy,
 who treated lots of British soldiers very well.
 So he boarded this British ship,
 said, "Look, give us our doctor back, he's a nice man."
 And the British guy on the ship,
 the British general, British Admiral said,
 "Yeah, absolutely, you have the doctor.
 "Would you mind just waiting a day
 "because we are about to bomb the absolute shit
 "out of this harbor right in front of us?"
 And so he then has to sit on the ship
 while all the Brits on there sort of flatten his homeland.
 And then, yeah, I guess what else can he do
 except write this poem.
 But the fun thing about it is the flag,
 probably wasn't actually the same flag
 that was flying the next morning.
 This is according to the History Channel.
 - No. - So when it's like,
 you know, for just a second,
 you see by the dawn's early light,
 the flag that you're looking at
 is actually a new flag they erected that morning
 because the actual flag was so massive
 and it was pouring with rain the night of the battle.
 It would have been wet and it would have weighed 500 pounds,
 well, then 500 pounds,
 which would have snapped the flagpole.
 So actually they had to do a replacement mini flag
 while the battle was going on.
 And then overnight, the flag erectors got the massive flag back
 and hauled it up the flagpole.
 And so in the morning,
 it was the replaced large flag that he was looking at.
 So it hadn't even stayed there during the battle.
 It's a full song, guys.
 - This show hasn't even gone out yet.
 And already I can hear the fury
 of the Americans listening to this episode.
 I just hear it in my ears.
 Let's get to get us right there.
 - Shall we talk about Ripley instead,
 who's a great American?
 - Yeah.
 - So yeah, Ripley, believe it or not,
 started as a cartoonist, had a bit of spare time
 and so drew some cartoons of crazy things
 that athletes had done.
 And that became really, really popular.
 And so the next year he did another one.
 And then a few years later,
 he started doing more and more and more
 of these amazing, unbelievable feats
 that people had done and illustrating them himself.
 And then eventually that became, believe it or not.
 - He's basically a one-man QI, it's so interesting.
 And he loved doing the thing that QI loves to do,
 which is to debunk commonly accepted truths,
 hence the national anthem thing.
 But the brilliant thing about him was how much post he got,
 'cause he was known as Rip, Robert Ripley.
 And people would write to him in a series
 of elaborate codes.
 So they would write his address backwards
 or upside down or in Braille,
 or they'd draw it on in semaphore flags.
 Some people apparently would put a very slight tear
 in the letter, right, i.e. a small rip.
 And they would then post that and see if it got to him.
 Anyway, this became so popular
 that the US Postmaster General had to announce
 that the Postal Service would no longer be deciphering codes
 for people.
 They said, "No, stop all this bullshit.
 "We just write the address on like normal people."
 - But he was so famous that they tended to know
 to send it to him.
 - Yeah, absolutely, yeah.
 - Although I do imagine if that ripping is true,
 that was he also getting loads of letters
 that were loving letters of daughters to mothers,
 which had accidentally got a bit ripped in the post.
 - Problems.
 - Must be one for Rob.
 - And also whenever anyone sent like some flowers
 saying RIP on them, did he get all those as well?
 - Yeah, he thought he was much more loved
 than he actually was.
 - You say he was a one-man QI.
 I think he sort of was, James.
 The life he lived was essentially
 traveling around the world,
 but not going to the normal places most of us travel,
 going to the really weirdo places.
 So he could come back and talk about the weird shit he'd seen.
 He went to Norway. - Was that a compliment?
 'Cause I'm not sure it was.
 - I think it is.
 - It kind of felt like a compliment
 until the word weirdo came in.
 And then I wasn't sure.
 - It's a QI compliment.
 I'm gonna leave you to take it as you see fit.
 He went to Norway and immediately visited
 a place called Hel, which is a tiny Norwegian village,
 just for the sake of coming back
 and saying he'd been to hell.
 And he went around finding,
 I guess people who before the internet existed
 would have been complete extraordinary people,
 just people from different cultures,
 from different tribes, and then reporting on them.
 And no one believed him.
 It was like, "QI, every time he announced something,
 everyone refused to believe him, didn't they?"
 - He announced some pretty fruity stuff, in my opinion.
 - Oh yeah.
 - Yeah, I mean, he claimed things like,
 "A Frenchman once drank 13 pints of wine in one breath."
 And you think, "Hmm..."
 - Did he? - Okay.
 - Well, believe it or not.
 - The tragic thing was,
 the tragic thing about that was
 that there was a single pit, a great pit,
 right at the end of the party time.
 He would have done 40.
 - Okay, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we have said
 over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland, Andy.
 - @AndrewHunterM.
 - James. - @JamesHarkin.
 - And Anna.
 - You can email our podcast at qi.com.
 - Yep, where you can go to our group account,
 which is @KnowSuchThing, or go to our website,
 KnowSuchThingIsAfish.com.
 We have all of our previous episodes up there.
 We also have links to bits of merchandise.
 Or you can, of course, go to the much superior website,
 tugofwar-twift.org,
 where you can read all the latest news
 about the world of tug of war.
 We'll be back again next week.
 We'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
