 [phone rings]
 [speaking Japanese]
 [music]
 Hi everybody!
 Hi Andy, sorry I'm a bit distracted.
 I got a pumpkin here
 and I just took the top of the pumpkin
 and it had loads of strands of what I think might be
 fungi or moulds.
 Wow, what a strong distraction.
 Let me show you.
 Yeah, let's have a look, we need to evaluate.
 Uh, oh!
 That's so cool!
 Honestly, there's more hair on that pumpkin
 than there is on my actual head at the moment.
 That's really foul.
 It does have a quiff, yes.
 Is this going to be a spooky special, Andy,
 because it's the day before Halloween?
 Oh my goodness, yeah I suppose it is actually.
 Let's try and make it all a bit spooky.
 Okay, hello!
 Welcome, when is it going out though?
 It's going out closer to bonfire night, isn't it?
 So it should really be an anti-parliamentarian special.
 All of mine actually, all of mine
 are subtly imbued with Protestant radical philosophy.
 You know that.
 Welcome to Drop Us Aligned, this is our audience feedback show.
 It's not just like James complaining about a pumpkin
 and Anna, you know, wanting to thrash the Catholics.
 We've got some cracking stuff in the inbox,
 because it's been a while, it's very pent up the inbox.
 There is a lot of stuff in here.
 Oh, Dan's not here, I don't know where Dan is.
 No one does.
 Sunning himself, probably.
 Send out a Dan signal if you're hearing this.
 But let's start with an email from Johann Scott.
 "I'm Johann," he says.
 He didn't really need to say that, because I already knew.
 "A fan of no such thing as a fish,
 and the current president of the St Andrews Whole Digging Society."
 I was really happy to hear you mention us on your recent podcast
 and wanted to express my gratitude.
 Isn't that nice?
 Did he not invite you to dig some holes with him?
 Do you know he didn't, actually.
 We don't wait every fortnight, unfortunately,
 but we arrange hole digs depending on university deadlines,
 the weather and the tide.
 We've dug some pretty deep holes ourselves,
 although not quite as deep as the Padstow Hole you referred to.
 We dug one that looked like a trench in September.
 I think if it looks like a trench, it is a trench.
 That was perhaps around six feet deep and 12 feet long.
 That's a trench.
 They did dig some fake trenches on the beaches, didn't they,
 during World War I think so, in the UK,
 so that soldiers could get an idea of what the trenches would be like.
 Oh, that's good.
 Oh, what to practice?
 I think so.
 Really?
 Yes, I think you're right. I think they did.
 There was a mining university, which had a fake mine in it.
 Yes, in Birmingham.
 Loads of underground tunnels.
 I was reading the reminiscences of a World War II German soldier,
 actually, who was, oh no, it was an Australian guy who said
 they spent all of their military training holding brimsticks instead of guns
 because the guns didn't arrive until the day that they had to leave,
 which I don't think counts as machine, as gun training.
 That's amazing.
 So they were playing Quidditch.
 Yes, exactly.
 All at war, putting the gun between their legs.
 That's funny.
 Johann, I think, I don't want to speak on Andy's behalf,
 but I think he would be keen to come up and dig some holes.
 Yeah, I think I would actually.
 It might be a big barrier to entry.
 No, no, no, there's no barrier to entry,
 and that brings me on to our next email from Charlie Mone,
 who says, "Hi, I'm the founder of the St Andrews Hole Digging Society."
 So Johann is the president, Charlie is the founder.
 Don't listen to this Johann guy who's probably emailing you.
 He said, "It's really cool that you mentioned us."
 He said he wanted to clear up a misconception,
 contrary to popular belief, it isn't exclusively a men's club.
 I can't remember. I don't think, do we say that?
 No, but it's so commonly accepted worldwide
 that the St Andrews Hole Digging Society is mostly male,
 but I think it's good that we've cleared that up for the public.
 Well, Charlie says, in fact, in fact, we found
 the majority of our attendees are usually women,
 and the activity of hole digging has strongly resonated
 with the trans and non-binary members of the St Andrews student community.
 So there you go, they're very welcoming, all welcomed.
 You just have to like digging big holes.
 That really is the only criteria.
 Yeah, I think we did imply that it might be middle-aged men
 going out, leaving their wives and digging some holes.
 So that might be on us.
 I know you're right. Charlie says, "It's wonderful you mentioned us,
 but I want to clarify, it's important for everyone to feel
 like they would be welcome to come to our digging sessions."
 Excellent.
 So you just have to be a sad act.
 That's all that's the only criteria of entry
 of any demographic at all.
 Yeah. Oh, here's a thanks but no thanks.
 We've got a few of these this week, actually.
 I'm going to scatter them through.
 Charlie Wolfe, great name, says,
 "I was wondering if you guys, Brackets James and Deanna Dan,
 yes, obviously, will be willing to do a podcast
 or mini show called Small Inventions, Big Impact,
 where you discuss smaller inventions that change the world
 like the license plate or traffic lights.
 I thought with how often you talk about interesting inventions,
 you might find this idea interesting."
 Yeah, I think it's the kind of thing that does come up just,
 you know, ad hoc, as in we will talk about something
 and then explain why it's such a big deal.
 So things like ferns, do you remember?
 We talked about the fern craze and how that impacted the world
 and barbed wire, how that impacted the world.
 I mean, we should say, we didn't claim that someone
 invented the fern in the 19th century.
 No, but the Wardian case.
 The Wardian case.
 Yeah, that allowed them to be transported
 and revolutionized, basically, plant growing around the world,
 because suddenly you could get a plant from one place
 to several thousand miles away.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Well, that's a great idea.
 Doesn't a small invention become a big invention
 when it has a big impact?
 I'm not sure how you'd set out the criteria in that show,
 because it would be like, well, it's not size-wise, is it?
 No, you're absolutely right.
 And as soon as it has a big impact, that's a big invention.
 Yeah, so for that reason, Dylan, thanks, but no thanks.
 Can I also have a voice, a quick bugbear I have about this?
 And I've always thought this when people say something
 changes the world.
 Again, everything changes the world, doesn't it?
 What a fusspot point to make.
 I'm sorry, but so for instance, we just said the Wardian cage,
 and we'd be claiming it changed the world.
 It's sort of changed plant growing on the edges.
 So I think it's going to be so hard to put up that barrier.
 I mean, if I nudge this mug a little bit forward,
 like I have just done there, I've changed the world.
 Yeah, but it's not as interesting as inventing the license plate
 by a long way.
 Anna, honestly, given the stick you've got coming up from the audience,
 I would be trying to placate them at this point
 rather than aggravate them further.
 That's a great idea.
 Here's one from Joshua Davidson.
 Normal name, so it must be a pretty good email.
 Hi, guys.
 Aussie listener since 2016.
 We're getting a lot from Australia and New Zealand
 because we are about to go to Auss and NZ.
 And I think the listenership there are getting excited for our visit.
 We're literally going, you're going in like two days.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 There's real buzz in the inbox.
 It's really cool.
 Aussie listener since 2016, recent clubfish member.
 I'm sure I'm not the only person to message him with this,
 but on this week's episode of Meet the Elves,
 so this is an entirely in-clubfish transaction we're doing here,
 and he mentioned the phrase getting off at Gateshead,
 and he mentioned that Gateshead was close to Newcastle, UK,
 moments after Anna had mentioned that Newcastle, New South Wales
 is the biggest coal exporter in the world.
 I live in Newcastle, New South Wales,
 and thought you would like to know there is also a suburb
 in Newcastle, New South Wales called Gateshead.
 Brilliant.
 There you go.
 That's fantastic information.
 They're the same place.
 Yeah.
 Oh, and we had another listener who was from Newcastle in the USA,
 which also has loads of coal.
 Really?
 If it's called Newcastle, it's got coal.
 Yeah, basically.
 Is it the fact that probably they found there was loads of coal there
 and what does that remind us of?
 Yes.
 The US one is that.
 It was called something else, and then they found all this coal,
 and they said, "Oh, let's call it Newcastle."
 Oh, well, the Australian one is also that.
 So there you go.
 Yeah.
 Oh, great.
 Okay.
 Well, Josh Brits in a PS.
 "I would love to petition to get the four of you on Taskmaster.
 "I think it would be hilarious and expose many more personal secrets
 "of Andy's life."
 I don't know what he means about that.
 Well, they ask us every season, don't they?
 And we always say no.
 So integrity.
 Beggars, yeah.
 "Who would you choose from amongst the QI team
 "to be the fifth contestant?"
 James, you watched Taskmaster religiously.
 Yeah, well, I did the Taskmaster live experience,
 which I did win, of course,
 but I was playing mostly against my nieces who were all teenagers,
 but I ground them into the floor.
 I actually smashed them.
 The thing is about Taskmaster is it's like QI.
 You're not really supposed to win QI.
 You're supposed to be amusing and whimsical and stuff.
 So you really want someone who's really got that whimsy about them.
 "Who was on the last meet the elves? Was it Rawson?"
 Yeah.
 He'd be good.
 Rawson would be good.
 Let's get it.
 It sounded just like he was the last person you could remember.
 Like, "Who was that guy last week from the elves?"
 Yeah, let's take him.
 No, Rawson would be good.
 They all be good.
 You don't get to be a QI researcher without some kind of sideways thinking.
 That's true.
 I think Alex Bell would probably build the most weird machines
 as part of the Taskmaster ring.
 I think the truth is that we would love to go on Taskmaster,
 but so would every single other comedian in the entire country.
 Yeah.
 We're probably quite far down the list.
 Yeah.
 So thanks for reminding us where we stand in the pecking order.
 Let's have another email.
 This is quite a good one from Liz Harrison.
 I was just clatching up on some club fish.
 I'm listening to June 2024's Drop As A Line,
 where you ask for people who listen in unusual places to get in touch.
 I haven't heard this subsequently mentioned.
 I think because no one said anything interesting, unfortunately.
 But I wanted to drop in my two peneth and let you know
 that between November and April each year,
 I listened from the second most remote island in the world,
 St Helena in the South Atlantic.
 Wow.
 How interesting, St Helena.
 Yeah.
 I got some friends who just moved to St Helena.
 Have you?
 Really?
 Yeah.
 So I think perhaps they might be listening.
 What was she doing there?
 Does she say?
 She doesn't say.
 And she says less interestingly for the rest of the year,
 I listened from Shrewsbury in Shropshire,
 which I think is actually both of those places
 you can pronounce two different ways.
 Is it St Helena or is it St Helena?
 And is it Shrewsbury or Shrewsbury?
 How interesting.
 Yeah.
 Thanks, guys.
 Sam Talbot writes,
 listening to episode 367,
 which Andy talks about his correspondence
 with the crime-solving drug naming team of Schubert and Carrot.
 Do you remember this?
 They name drugs and they sort of,
 they rule out drug names that might be considered rude.
 You know, if you've got an idea for your drug name,
 but, you know, but it sounds obscene.
 Oh, yeah.
 You're not allowed.
 And they banned privy,
 the prefix privy because it sounded lavatorial.
 I wonder what they were doing in 2008
 when a new drug with the trade name Brideon was introduced.
 I am an anaesthetist and I'm more familiar with this drug
 used for reversing the muscle relaxing effects of anesthesia
 by its generic name of Sugga Madex,
 often mispronounced Sugga Madex,
 and I don't like effects.
 How did they miss that?
 I don't know.
 That's very funny.
 Yeah.
 It's how long, because I vaguely remember that,
 but I'd forgotten that it was medical drugs
 and not illegal drugs.
 And your mind does go to illegal drugs.
 So I was like, what kind of weird prude is there
 in the drug dealing community?
 You say that you're not allowed to be flogging heroin
 if it's called, you know, penis ganj or whatever.
 Bump cocaine.
 Yeah.
 No, it's not that.
 No, no, no, no.
 Sorry, sorry, sorry.
 Penis ganj.
 Penis ganj.
 I don't know where my head was going there.
 I like it.
 Yeah.
 I like it.
 I think that because I know a lot of our listeners
 on Drop As A Line are street hoodlums
 who are creating new drugs.
 And so I reckon that could be,
 that could be the new slang.
 Get it on the list.
 Yeah.
 Sam post fixes his email by saying,
 "By the way, while patients often do talk
 a lot of nonsense as they're going to sleep,
 I've never told anyone to shut up,"
 or said, "I've shagged your mum,"
 as was suggested on another episode by Anna.
 I don't remember that.
 Yeah, I'm surprised I say that sort of thing out loud.
 Whoops.
 Well, I bet he has done it, though.
 It's just the person wouldn't remember.
 Superb.
 Mystery email, mystery source.
 It's good.
 It's an anonymous one.
 It's someone who needs to protect their identity.
 Oh, sorry.
 I thought you meant like, you know,
 brown and barbecue crossed or whatever.
 No.
 That's-- Anna, hold that thought.
 Oh.
 I'm a few episodes behind,
 but I caught your conversation regarding barcodes.
 I work at Heinz.
 And a nerdy fact is that we try to buy barcodes
 that have 57 in them,
 because Heinz has 57 varieties.
 You can buy a barcode?
 I know.
 That's amazing.
 It's got tricky due to the number of our products
 and barcodes available,
 but on the core products we try for a 57.
 And it's like a long string of numbers.
 There's just a 57 somewhere in there.
 That's amazing.
 So, does this mean if we--
 Can we check a barcode on our Heinz products or not?
 Yeah.
 And it should have 57 in it.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Let's see if I got some beans in the house.
 I'm going to do that.
 Okay.
 I'll just fill time while these guys are off rifling.
 They're bin cupboards.
 They're bean cupboards.
 They've gone.
 So, it's just me and you.
 I've always felt underappreciated on this podcast.
 Oh, they're back.
 I'll wait for Anna to come back.
 Hey.
 Oh, great.
 I'm really excited to find out what you've got.
 Anna keeps her beans at the end of the garden.
 Because she's suspicious of them.
 They're magic beans, aren't they?
 It's so excited, Anna.
 Well.
 Anna.
 Anna, are you excited?
 I'm so excited.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 Let's hear what you've got.
 Okay.
 Well, I've got--
 First of all, I've got some Heinz vegetable soup.
 And I'm having a look at the barcode here.
 There is indeed a 57 right there.
 Wow.
 Bang in the middle.
 Wow.
 Okay, so that's a core product.
 Okay.
 Mushroom soup.
 Same, same.
 57.
 Okay.
 James, what you got?
 Well, I've got the core product.
 Proper thinner beans.
 He's got the beans.
 Lovely.
 He's got the beans.
 And sure enough.
 Triple zero, one, five, seven.
 Amazing.
 Amazing.
 And just as a quick fourth piece of evidence,
 Heinz ketchup, the second core product.
 57 there, right at the end.
 Incredible.
 That's so cool.
 There you go.
 That is really cool.
 It's the best bit of trivia I've ever heard.
 And our correspondent says, "If you discuss,
 please do not use my name."
 Why?
 You should be proud.
 Anyway, thank you, Mr.--
 Do you see why I said mystery sauce at the start?
 Yeah.
 Great stuff.
 Oh, yeah, I see.
 Email here from Blaise Petrucci.
 Mm-hmm, brilliant.
 Nice.
 You don't get enough blazes around.
 We said on the podcast recently.
 Well, did we?
 We said--
 Email, subject line, Blaise Pascal was not boring, Anna.
 Oh, gosh, I've been saying a lot of things, haven't I lately?
 Oh, yeah.
 Can't keep my mouth shut.
 Yeah.
 Blaise writes, "My late father was an Italian mathematician
 who was obsessed with Blaise Pascal.
 So much so, he named his son Blaise.
 Me.
 Growing up, I hated my name and I hated maths."
 Aw.
 Oh, you would have hated our 57 bit that we've just done.
 But my old man was persistent and eventually a love of maths
 and of Monsieur Pascal developed in my little brain.
 So imagine my sadness when I heard Anna Tijinski describe my namesake as boring.
 Blaise Pascal was a true polymath to rival the likes of Da Vinci and Franklin,
 and I think his influence is far-reaching and eternal, just like no such thing as a fish.
 I think you can be a polymath and have a far-reaching and eternal influence
 whilst also being as dull as dishwater.
 Like no such thing as a fish.
 OK.
 So there you go.
 Lovely, lovely to hear from you Blaise.
 Apologies.
 But I stand by everything I said.
 Yeah, that's good.
 I think that's good.
 I think it's nice to apologise but defy.
 It would be weird if you just caved.
 Thank you.
 OK.
 Oh, Meredith writes,
 "We did synchronised swimming recently on the podcast."
 We should.
 Sure did.
 Meredith sends some notes from someone who was a synchronised swimmer for five years.
 Cool.
 He was not nearly good enough at it to continue in college.
 So that's Meredith's level.
 I feel that Synchro was given appropriate respect in this episode,
 which is a redemption from earlier podcast mentions.
 Excellent job.
 No.
 I can't remember what we said.
 "We used to have to do laps of unders,
 swim underwater for 50 to 75 metres without a breath.
 Bad."
 Yeah, that's too far.
 "In crazy training routines and techniques,
 you do your entire routine with ankle weights on to improve your skull."
 Which is the thing where you stay upside down.
 The weird stay upside down thing.
 She also says one thing about injuries.
 She has a lot of scarring from people who didn't cut their toenails
 and went swimming with her.
 In water polo, they have a designated person who comes through
 and checks all our nails to make sure they're regulation.
 Cool.
 I wonder how many sports or pursuits there are
 that require a certain nail length,
 because that reminds me of playing the piano.
 My teacher always used to get really pissed off
 if I hadn't cut my nails.
 It's the same truth of guitar.
 Is it bad if you have long nails, James?
 Yeah.
 Although for banjo, you wear fake nails.
 Like you have like plastic picks that you wear on your fingers.
 I thought you needed one hand with long nails to do the picking.
 In sport, I'm not so sure.
 The thing is there are rules about how long your nails can be
 in beach volleyball because people point adverts on them, I think.
 Really?
 So you had to have them so short that you couldn't fit a full-sized ad?
 Or you got paid more for longer nails?
 I think they weren't allowed to be the size of a billboard.
 That's fair.
 I can't remember.
 Actually, I can't remember.
 I'm half remembering that idea.
 Sorry, I just cut my nails.
 Can you do the bottom half of the Coke bottle in this one?
 That's great.
 Here's another.
 Here's Mike Abdullah.
 This is a bollocking for me.
 I know.
 What's that called again?
 Is it called Get Yourself Off The Hook?
 Or is it just called The Abuse Section?
 I'm not sure.
 Well, we've got Um, actually, which is a factual correction.
 We've got Spicy Meat, which is our behind-the-scenes stuff.
 We've got Old Fish.
 Thanks for no thanks.
 We've got Riddle Roundabout.
 What about a right pollocking?
 That's good.
 That's brilliant.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, pollocking.
 Brilliant.
 Mike Abdullah writes, this is for me.
 After you confidently declared on last week's show that, quotes,
 "There's nobody alive in the world who puts the milk in the mug
 and puts the bag in the milk."
 I am writing to disprove this.
 I frequently make tea this way.
 I wonder how many other emails you will get.
 I started doing it after listening to an episode of Rutherford & Fry,
 the mass show with a friend of fish, Hannah Fry.
 And apparently, when milk is added to very hot tea,
 it will start to separate.
 Whereas if hot tea is added to milk,
 the temperature rises more gradually and the milk sticks together better.
 Something like that, who knows.
 And he's been happy with the result ever since.
 Did he find, I would like to know,
 that in the past, his milk was just getting all globulous and busy
 when he put it in after tea, because I have to say it.
 Globulous, it forms a separate layer at the top of the cup, Hannah.
 You must know that.
 You drink through the milk and then you just drink the tea.
 Sounds like bollocks, though, basically.
 Hannah Fry is the one I was talking about.
 Hey, phone number for Heinz, 0800 528 5757.
 Fantastic.
 Yay.
 How are you?
 Are they calling you?
 Yes, that's them.
 No, it's on the tin of beans.
 Unless you're in the Republic of Ireland, in which case it's 1 800 995 311.
 So obviously the Republic of Ireland telephone companies refuse to bend over backwards.
 They stitched up.
 They won't bow to Big Bean.
 Good on them.
 That's very funny.
 OK, here's a great one.
 Erin Thomas.
 Canadian here.
 I'm listening to your August 29th show.
 And while I agree that slang will make you sound like another country.
 I don't understand that.
 Canada is a vast country.
 In some parts of Canada, they may say a boot, but I've lived in the prairies all my life and no one here says a boot.
 In fact, I've never heard anyone say that.
 My English husband, born in England and moved to Canada in his 40s, tells me he's never heard anyone here say a boot.
 Well, if he wants to hear people say a boot, he should listen to lazy Canadian stereotypes because I had that all the time.
 So sorry, Erin.
 Sorry to the people of the Canadian prairies as well.
 Yeah.
 I think it might be one of those things that you can't hear it if you're that close to it.
 You know, like everyone thinks they don't have an accent.
 No, I do.
 Because they can't hear their own accent.
 I've got an accent.
 Well, of course, you've got a thick Jordy accent, but you're a bit of a villain.
 No, I know what you mean. That's a fair point.
 Oh my God, here's a great one.
 Elizabeth Ruth Ross Ward.
 Get this.
 Email subject line.
 We're getting married because of fish.
 We've sparked a wedding.
 Brilliant. I hope she doesn't double barrel with someone with an equally long name.
 Good point.
 She doesn't say her partner's surname.
 But listen to this.
 We actually have you to thank for our upcoming wedding.
 Six years ago, my partner Andrew saw me across a pool table at a bar and tried to chat with me.
 I wasn't having any of it, assuming he was another random at a bar that will be a bit boring/disappointing.
 Then he mentioned his favourite podcast was no such thing as a fish.
 And my ears perked right up. It was my favourite too.
 We started properly talking and we haven't shut up since.
 We're getting married in 2026.
 We just wanted to say a huge thank you for bringing us together.
 Guys, that's so exciting.
 I'm so exciting.
 How are we going to do the wedding theming?
 Are we going to...
 Sorry, what?
 They're not inviting us to be part of it.
 I'm sure we're going to be invited to be part of it, Anna.
 I'm just wondering how we can make the day more fish related.
 Well, all the tables will have to be named after characters from No Such Things as Fish.
 Brilliant.
 And where our dick be table.
 Or the lady who had an anal prolapse.
 Just call that anal prolapse.
 I think just call that Oxrectum table.
 Who was the woman I used to love who used to spend her time making sure women didn't put mad stuff up their vaginas?
 Oh, Jen Gunter.
 Yeah, there's got to be a Jen Gunter table.
 Yeah, the Gunter zone, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 For all the goop ladies.
 And when they say, you know, does anyone know any reason why?
 And Jen Gunter will pop up saying, why you shouldn't put the rings up your fanny?
 Don't do that.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 If anyone has any reason that this shouldn't happen, shout, stop the wedding.
 Yes.
 That's actually a good idea.
 You should incorporate that, guys.
 That's a really fun idea.
 Do save a date, send a save the date soon, because obviously our schedule will get quite booked up, didn't they?
 Absolutely.
 Yeah.
 But how, that's the best news I've had all month.
 I know, it's really nice.
 What an amazing moment.
 Yeah.
 Also, what an amazing way to meet, just meeting across a pool table and starting to chat and realizing you like the same podcast.
 I think that's just a good one.
 Quite annoying for the people who were playing pool at the time, though, I imagine.
 Oh, yeah.
 What are these pair of nerds doing near a pool table anyway?
 Yeah, famously a jock sport pool, isn't it?
 It's definitely not a thing of benefits from ours of lonely practice by yourself.
 Yeah, fair enough.
 Here we go.
 Here is another thanks but no thanks from Tim Groves.
 Stop the podcast, he says.
 Very good.
 I have an idea for a thanks but no thanks segment and drop us a line.
 I'm a long-time listener and have recently become a card-carrying member of Club Fish.
 Congratulations, Tim.
 I'm very much enjoying the bonus material, but it suddenly struck me the other day that something is missing.
 The adverts.
 I know avoiding ads is part of my membership fee, but there was something lovely about the four of you recording charming little snippets for your sponsors.
 Who could forget the time Dan left a Harry's advert desperate for more razors because his beard was growing so fast?
 Or Anna, quickly distancing herself from sharing a single mattress with Dan during a Lisa's sleep advert?
 I'm curious about what we Club Fishers may be missing, so perhaps it would be nice if you put out a little compilation so we know exactly what type of VPN razor or mattress is currently preferred by the QILs.
 That's so interesting that you say that because, and I'm basically saying this to cover our legal asses.
 Because what's this person called?
 Tim.
 Tim, don't want him suing us.
 When we first started the bonus material, we did say, didn't we, we should release a string of just the adverts.
 And I still think when we get a chance, we should do that.
 Or maybe some fake adverts for stuff that we would advertise.
 Or maybe like we just sneakily put adverts in the droppers a line for baked beans or something like that.
 You've blown this can wide open.
 Yeah, it would require us to put a lot more effort into the adverts again.
 Exactly. You haven't heard the original versions now, mate, but they are, they're crap, aren't they?
 The adverts we do these days, they're so phoned in trying to drive people to pay.
 Since all you guys left Club Fish, we were like, well, that's all the important people have gone now.
 They've all gone to Club Fish, so we might as well start phoning them in.
 It's a monotone, read it straight from the sheet, take the jokes out.
 Often we will pretend that it's a pre-recorded advert made by an actual company and dropped in.
 It's actually us doing all the voices in those.
 We try and make it indistinguishable from a pre-recorded radio advert.
 That takes a lot of work. We're putting all the effort into that.
 Why do they do it?
 I don't know, I don't know.
 Alexa Tonner writes, I am a recent fan of the podcast, welcome.
 And I especially appreciate just how prolific you all are.
 I've listened to dozens of episodes at this point and yet I find myself unable to remember most of the facts once the episode is over.
 The ones I do seem to retain are about World Wars One and Two, a topic that does not interest me at all.
 I'm so sorry.
 That's good, isn't it?
 That's very funny.
 You're welcome, Alexa.
 Tough. They're not going to stop.
 No.
 Now, we've had a couple of emails from David Bergaman and I just wanted to share both of them with you.
 It's very, very rare for someone to get both.
 And it's not because his name is David Bergaman.
 Okay, here's the first one.
 Having listened to the main show for a long time and been through lots of the bonus content,
 I'm a new ClubVish member, welcome, David.
 I've gleaned quite a bit about what you all do in the fish industry.
 Dan is the host of the main show as well as plenty of other podcasts and projects.
 James edits the show and is also everyone's boss's head elf.
 Andy is in charge of Drop as a Line and seems to run of a lot of the other ClubVish episodes.
 Even other elves in the office will edit compilations or guest on the show,
 which leads me to my big question.
 What does Anna do?
 Really looking forward to finding out the answer, David Bergaman.
 Listen, David.
 Andy, you've got to come up with better names if you're going to do an intervention.
 Sometimes it's very hard to quantify what someone brings to the table
 and to write it down on paper or indeed explain it in words.
 But yet, you know, they are the essential ingredient.
 Don't put this out because if the boss is here, then I'm fired.
 Hey, I thought David Bergaman said that I'm the boss.
 Oh yes, everyone's boss has had elf, very dubious.
 I mean, James, this is clearly, this is, I did not write this.
 I would not.
 Point taken, I'll make the tea next time I'm in.
 How will you make it?
 What will you pour on first?
 Great question.
 I pour the milk onto the counter and then I pour the tea onto that.
 But then I sweep it all into the mug with a little broom.
 That's how I do it.
 How would it work?
 Is it possible to put the milk in first and then the water?
 So you've got very hot, milky water.
 And then the bag.
 Shit, why does no one do that?
 Anyway, look, we've got to get on to Bergaman 2, the burgering.
 Second email from Bergaman.
 Does that answer your question?
 Did you say what you do, Anna? You do lots of stuff.
 You always work very hard.
 I'm about to make the tea.
 It's coming up.
 Who is this burger? Who do you think he is? Or is she?
 Giving them the air of two emails. It's bullshit.
 I think he's related to Ingmar Bergaman, the very famous.
 I noticed, Anna, you haven't actually answered the question.
 You're constantly telling us how busy you are.
 So there must be something that you're doing.
 Yeah, yeah.
 What is it, Anna?
 Anna works very hard on the TV series as one of James's underlings.
 But nonetheless, she's a key part of the team.
 I tried the shoelaces on QI, yeah.
 Together.
 Yeah.
 No, I don't do anything.
 Anna is a core part of the team, David.
 If you come for her, you come for all of us.
 David, second email.
 I know there has been a lot of upset about Dan being accused of being a wife guy.
 I think I may have some upsetting proof of his identity as such.
 It's exciting, isn't it?
 In the very first Clubfish compilation, August 2022,
 James brought out a phrenology head detailing what the different bumps on your head mean.
 James then invited you all to find the biggest bump to compare it to the phrenology head,
 and Dan found that his biggest bump was in the marriage section.
 This is obviously because he is such a wife guy that even pseudoscience can tell.
 Oh, so that was before the whole wife guy joke.
 Exactly, that was pre-that. Isn't that amazing?
 Do you think pseudoscience maybe does work, but it only works on people who are into pseudoscience?
 That's quite good.
 I think that's true.
 That's it, isn't it?
 Sophie Watson writes, "Did you know air fryers have been around since 1472?"
 Catchy.
 This is brilliant.
 I've told James this in advance, Hannah. You're the only one who's learning this new intel.
 It's stunning. It's absolutely stunning.
 Do I need to know exactly what an air fryer is before you explain this?
 It's a cooking device, isn't it, where you cook things dry.
 Oh, it's some kind of magic box. I don't know. I haven't got one.
 Yeah, it's like a small oven that sits on the counter. Nobody knows.
 Look, can we get to Sophie's email?
 Air fryers have been around since 1472.
 Cool.
 This fact works spoken aloud, but not so much written down as I am actually talking about air, AYR, the Scottish town.
 Friars, as in priests.
 Here is a link to some info about the Franciscan monastery in air.
 Isn't that good?
 I love it. I just think that's so funny.
 Beautiful.
 She says, "I had been listening to the podcast and was cooking a cheese toasty for my lunch."
 And that's how she came up with it.
 Thank you so much, Sophie.
 Perfect. This is my kind of fact as well, isn't it?
 She's come up with a joke and then she's done the googling to see if it's true or not.
 It's just correct. It's so good.
 Yeah, very strong.
 I actually feel like we should use that for the show, to be honest.
 Oh, should we?
 Air fryers, maybe.
 We've never had a fact promoted from Drop As A Line to the main show.
 Do you think it would matter that people had heard it before?
 Would we have to cut it out of this?
 Or could that be a cool extra in-joke for the Drop As A Line clubfish crew?
 They could be sat there waiting for it to come up on the show one day.
 Yeah, I think let's do that.
 Okay, so we might use it on the show one day. We might not.
 There's an incentive to keep listening.
 Absolutely. We need to find them at this point.
 Oh, here's a boff fin. Do you remember that?
 The experts who write in with their knowledge.
 What's triple F?
 Four Fs, I think.
 Four Fs, sorry. Yes, you're actually right.
 In episode 552, you discussed the Nile crocodiles burrows being the longest in the animal kingdom.
 However, there is a reason I'm reading out this particular correction as well.
 In South America, 10,000 years ago, there were much larger ones dug by giant sloths.
 Which I think is fair. We have mentioned that.
 But right now, I think crocodiles might dig the deepest.
 Also, while mentioning paleo burrows, I must also mention daemon elixies.
 Corkscrew shaped burrows created by beavers in North America.
 Enjoy entering this rabbit hole, Sam. Very funny.
 Sam is a technician in Earth Sciences, who works at a place called Megaforna Central.
 Oh, cool. Amazing.
 In Alice Springs in the Northern Territory of Australia. How cool is that?
 Megaforna Central.
 I know, it's pretty cool, isn't it?
 It sounds like an alternative name for Jurassic Park, basically, doesn't it?
 It sounds like you go there and there's giant animals wandering around.
 Yeah.
 Do you remember, Andy, you had a question once on QI about how big Megaforna has to be.
 And actually, there are some Megafornas that are smaller than a cat or something.
 I think Megaforna means visible to the naked eye.
 It's such bollocks.
 And ant is a Megaforna.
 It's just another example of science ruining normal language for the rest of us.
 Whereas Megaforna should clearly be a bear or bigger.
 Oh, you've made me angry about that all over again now.
 That's funny, because I reckon that was like 15 years ago.
 Yeah, it was.
 This is just a funny story from Cameron McInnes.
 We did a hiccup cures about how you cure a hiccup with a finger in your bottom.
 Sounds like us, yeah.
 It's in personal anecdote from Cameron, which he's been telling for some years now.
 But it's not podcast appropriate.
 Oh, is it dual appropriate?
 I think it might be.
 It's about a headmaster called Rick, and apparently was really a bad headmaster,
 was really incompetent and arrogant and, you know,
 talked about himself in third person assemblies.
 Okay, so it's a bit like bad headmaster of a school, basically.
 Our school was having a cross country race, annual cross country race.
 All the parents were lined up where the finish line was, right?
 My friend has a rescue dog called Calua, who gets a bit skittish.
 And there was another dog there making Calua agitated.
 My friend went to go and put him in the car.
 Basically, the dog's got in a scrap.
 Calua bit this dog on the ear and got locked jord.
 Oh, no.
 Enter the other dog's howling.
 The parents come to see what's going on.
 Enter Rick the Dick, which is apparently this headmaster's name,
 who sees what's going on and declares,
 "You have to stick your finger up his bum to make him let go.
 I've done it before out of my way."
 Okay, which is true.
 That is true, isn't it?
 Then in front of quite a large crowd,
 quickly sucks his finger, grabs the dog and sticks his finger straight up its arse.
 - Do it in that order. - Absolutely.
 There's a second or two in shock silence before someone says,
 "Rick, that's the wrong dog."
 Rick quickly removes his finger from the other dog, grabs Calua,
 and sticks his fingers up his arse.
 Then Calua doesn't let go.
 The three of them are scuffling around in a circle,
 trying to get away from each other until one of the other parents
 throws a bottle of water on Calua and he lets go.
 His poor other dog has now got a jaw in the ear and a finger up the arse
 and still no one's helping him out.
 His name has apparently now been changed to "Wrong Dog, Rick."
 Thanks for the podcast.
 - What a great story. - Thanks, Cameron.
 Great story. He says, "I've sent this also to Chris and Rosie Ramsey."
 - What? - What?
 Come on.
 But I figure the more I spread it, the more likely it is to filter back to him.
 Chris and Rosie Ramsey have high standards, though, right?
 They probably won't beat it up.
 They certainly won't have it as their sort of climactic little anecdote.
 Absolutely not. No way.
 So thanks, Cameron. Thanks to all of you for listening to this and getting in touch.
 And if you'd like to send us some stuff, go to email podcast@qi.com.
 I would just ask, we would prefer it to be exclusive to us, if possible.
 Yeah. Absolutely. Absolutely.
 But we will read out any old shit as long as it is exclusive to us.
 I think that's the other thing we do need to say.
 - Great. Bye. - Bye.
 Bye-bye.
 [music]
 [music]
 [music]
 [music]
 [music]
 [music]
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
