 And welcome to another episode of no such thing as a fish, a weekly podcast coming to you
 from the QI offices in Covert Garden. My name is Dan Shriver, I'm sitting here with
 Anna Chazinski, Alex Bell and James Harkin. And once again we have gathered around the microphone
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with you, Alex. My fact this week is that this episode of no such thing as a fish is going to
 the moon. That's a bold claim, Mr Bell. It's absolutely true. What are you, how are we doing that?
 Basically, a couple of years ago, I contributed to a Kickstarter campaign for a pro,
 a UK lander to go land on the moon around 2024. They hope it's called Lunar Mission 1.
 And the idea is that they're going to send it to the south pole of the moon, drill down a hundred
 meters and take some rock samples and do some science. And but also it's going to leave a time
 capsule there. And in that time capsule, people who've donated to the Kickstarter campaign
 get a little bit of digital space. And so I'm going to put this episode in.
 So are you doing that because you just want to get this as far away from all things
 and existence as possible. Yep. Also, we got drunk last night and Dan had the idea and I didn't
 reach out to say no. We got really drunk and I was like, what's definitely doing this?
 Alex had all these plans of his family portraits to go up to the moon, my legacy gone.
 It's, it's interesting though, because it's not going up for the other eight years.
 Yeah. About, I don't know the word, about 2024 either. I've heard that before in big projects.
 But it's, it's an interesting Kickstarter because if they can pull this off, it actually just
 completely alters how we can fund universal travel basically. I mean, we could, who knows,
 maybe we'll be able to kickstart something tomorrow as well. Yeah, let's just try and get this
 podcast further and further away from planet rescue human society. Can I ask because they're
 drilling down and it's 150 degrees Celsius, I think, down there. Is it going to be protected in
 some capsule? I don't know, I guess so. They haven't yet told just how much space they have
 or anything like that. So it's still pretty vague, all the plans. God, so it might, we might have to
 just record a five minute podcast or something. We don't know how many megabytes we get. We'll just send
 the Squarespace ad. Yeah. Do you know the first thing off the internet that was sent to space?
 Something off eBay. So close, but even Lamer, it is, it was a bunch of Craigslist adverts. Really?
 Yeah, so it was in 2005 and Craigslist, the website, which I'm not sure is any longer in action.
 Oh, it is. Yeah, James is a frequent user. It's sent up about 138,000 ads. I think Craigslist ads,
 and you could just tick a little box that said, please beam this into space and they beam them into
 space. This was sort of digital stuff encoded onto light. Yes, exactly. Yeah, yeah, yeah,
 we're sending the data out there. Yeah. So I was looking this up and I found the reference on the
 Craigslist page to it after it happened, saying that they really wanted to remind people that you
 could not cancel Craigslist ads that were beamed into space or retrieve them. So sorry guys,
 so actually they're just going to be loads of pissed off aliens eventually coming going,
 you said you had a sofa and I was saying, no, sorry, I sold that. That was actually what Independence
 Day was, the fury of when they realised the sofa had now been sold. They just demolished her.
 I don't suppose lights the best thing to get your message into space, so is it? They think radio waves
 is the best. I think it was my radio waves. Was it? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So 2024, obviously quite a
 while away for stuff for us to make it to the moon. And I thought, is that the closest that we're
 sending probes now? But actually, there's a lot of probes that seem to be set to go. The Google
 Lunar X Prize has been set up and the idea is that they want someone to not only land on the moon,
 but travel 500 meters on the moon because anyone could crash a thing into the moon. The idea is,
 can you land something on the moon and make it functional and still move? So they've set up this idea
 of a prize and the prize is 30 million dollars. What's interesting though is that teams have now
 realised that it's going to cost them way too much to get there on their own. So a lot of them are
 pairing up now and sending all of the vehicles in one trip, which means they're going to land at the
 same time and there's going to be a moon race to see which is the first one to travel 500 meters.
 It's going to be like a hunger game and as soon as they land it's just going to be absent. All the robots
 are going to turn on each other. It's going to be more like robot was. I was reading of things that are
 already on the moon. I think we might have discussed a few of them before, but we as human beings
 have left 187,400 kilograms of material on the moon and that's almost exactly the same weight as a
 blue whale. Really? That is actually much less than I would have thought. Yeah, the largest blue whale
 that we've ever found was 176,000, but scientists think we'll find some that are over 190,000. So
 basically what we could have done is just taken one blue whale off the earth, put it on the moon,
 and it would have had the same effect. The moon is officially metric and not imperial. Just because
 you said kilograms, it reminded me. We've decided that. Now I have to decide what I think and then
 everyone else had to agree to it. But then given that there's only like two countries in the world
 that are still imperial and I think it's America or something like Liberia or something. It would have
 been pretty weird to go with theirs. Maybe not because it's NASA. You never know. Yeah, the aliens might
 land again and go, why are these guys using this metric system? The imperial makes much more sense.
 Well, the thing is like there's no reason why the aliens would use anything like metric. In fact,
 they wouldn't because that metric is based on the size of the earth or the meters. Yeah. So really,
 you want to do it on like the width of a hydrogen atom or something like that. Something that will
 be universal, yeah. They might be measuring it like according to the diameter of their hands,
 which are the size of elephants or something. That's the interesting species of alien.
 You know, I didn't know about the fallen astronaut sculpture on the moon and that it's kind of a
 sad story. So this is one of the things that we've left behind on the moon is this sculpture called
 the fallen astronaut and it was agreed that that would be put on the moon by this artist called
 Paul van Huidonck. So he agreed with David Scott who was on the 1971 Apollo mission that he
 would design a sculpture that David Scott says was supposed to represent all astronauts who had fallen
 up until that point. So any astronauts who died trying to get to space or being in space and Scott
 smogled it into his pocket of his space suit. So NASA didn't know nobody knew it was there and Scott
 went up to the moon and he got off the spacecraft and one of his colleague astronauts distracted the
 people down at mission control apparently with banal talk while he performs some kind of little
 funerals ceremony. That's the worst kind of talk to distract someone. You're right, maybe just
 didn't have since relating talk in him. But anyway, he put this thing on the moon, gave a little funerals
 ceremony for it and he lay it down and then came back down and it was announced that this is an
 hour on the moon and this argument since you'd ever since between the artist and NASA because the
 artist says A, it was meant to be standing upright and it's not. B, it doesn't represent fallen astronauts,
 it represents just humanity and see he says he never agreed that he wouldn't make it a commercial
 thing. So we tried to sell a whole bunch of them on Earth and NASA were like, no, because I think
 you're not allowed to commercialize stuff that you've taken to the moon. So yeah, it's kind of sad.
 This little sculpture on the moon is supposed to represent humanity and how great we are as now kind
 of a testament to how we can't really agree on anything. I think it's weird how they always seem to
 smuggle stuff into space when you can't even get toothpaste onto an airplane. I do not have that
 bit where you have to empty your keys. I know that you actually have the moon boots off.
 I was sort of the weirdest thing there's left on the moon was nail clippers because they only went
 out there for a couple of weeks and they were trying to keep the weight down to a minimum and yet
 they took nail clippers with them. Such a great point. Maybe it's like how you know your nails go a bit
 faster in summer, maybe in space your nails. This is for a 12 miles an hour. Actually it's kilometers per hour.
 Sorry. I was looking into what Neil Armstrong took back from the moon and this is really interesting.
 This wasn't discovered until 2012 until after Neil Armstrong died. His wife was going through his
 cupboard just like in their house and there was a white bag in there. She opened it up and it had
 all this stuff from the moon landing including the camera that filmed the famous. They had to
 script the lighting rig. Yeah, the camera that filmed him saying the famous words that we all
 saw that was in the bag and all these other instruments and so no one knew that he had this bag.
 Usually you would leave that bag or any of the equipment that was in it on the moon as part of the
 rubbish but he brought it back. He just didn't tell anyone. They went through quarantine so you think
 they'd have to show everything. Yeah, well it sounds like everyone was sneaking so it sounds like
 the security is not that tight. And then he's such a filth pig. They didn't clean his house for 50 years.
 Didn't even go through his cupboards. I was reading a list of all the languages
 all the greetings that we sent out into space on the Voyager Golden Record. So you know that thing
 that was Carl Sagan's brainchild. We sent this thing up into space which has 55 different greetings
 and 55 different languages on it. And most people said hello or hi guys, hello to space but the
 Turkish one began with dear Turkish speaking friends. Especially since Turkish is a language
 that was created within the last 100 years as well. So if there are any assuming spaces caught on,
 there's a greeting in Amoy which is a Chinese dialect which says friends of space how are you all?
 Have you eaten yet? Come visit us if you have time. That is fantastic. Come like they're offering
 themselves up as dishes. Huge error. And then the last one is just I think this person got confused
 because one person would receive that we're calling device to record it on. So the Swedish greeting
 is greetings from a computer programmer in the little university town of Ithaca on the planet Earth
 who clearly didn't quite understand he was supposed to be speaking for his speech. Is there some whale
 song on there? There is yeah. One thing that's recently gone into space is the new football kit of
 Reading FC. Okay. Wow. Who did a kit launch a few weeks ago and they sent their home and away
 strips up to 128,000 feet four times the cruising altitude of a passenger jet. And then they returned
 to Earth at a speed of 211 miles per hour. And the news article I read said Reading will be hoping
 the team can rise as high in the table as their shirts can in altitude before presumably plummeting
 down the table. Okay. It is time for fact number two and that is Chuzinski.
 My fact this week is that geologists have made an earthquake by dropping something heavy from
 somewhere high. Is it a Reading football kit? Are they made of iron? They wondered they're so bad.
 No, so what I like about this is I think if you were five years old and you wondered how am I going
 to make an earthquake? You just pick up a heavy object and drop it. And this seems to be what they've
 done. And this is these geologists Sebastian Gueno and Stefan Brouley who are trying to simulate
 earthquakes to work out the best ways to minimise damage from them. And there was just one reference I
 read in a PBS article to the fact that in one test they dropped a mass of 21 tons from our height
 of 164 feet to simulate an earthquake and the shaking register between two and three on the Richter
 scale. And they did it another way which sounded like a more sensible way maybe by putting a vibrating
 probe thing into the ground and then vibrating it underground than that sentiment waves out,
 which is also a way to measure it. But what they're looking into is really interesting which is that
 if you drill holes in the ground not particularly deep holes that dissipates the waves that come from
 earthquakes. So what they did was they this was in 2012 they drilled these bore holes into the ground
 just a few feet and then they generated this earthquake nearby. And the waves that they measured
 in the second row of bore holes so just 11 feet away from where they'd created the earthquake,
 the earthquake had been stopped and usually it would travel 160 feet. So these holes just deflect
 the waves and cause them to go elsewhere. The problem is that they deflect them in a different direction.
 So behind the bore hole suddenly was twice as much vibrations as in front of it. So it's not a good
 idea for it in a city if you were doing it to protect one building you'd do it at the expense of
 another one. It sounds a bit like to remember we talked about the volcanoes where they dug ditches
 to move the volcanic lava away from a city into another city. It's exactly like that it's like
 screwing over your neighbor by diverting the earthquake towards there. So Alex's fact was about
 kickstarter doing this project to get us to the moon. And I saw this amazing crowdfunding thing
 for someone's invention which is an earthquake proof bed. Have you guys seen this? Oh yes.
 It's unbelievable. It's so good. It's this huge metallic contraption and the idea is that as soon as
 your building or your house is in the middle of an earthquake the bed recognizes it's an earthquake
 and it literally slams down in the middle. So you disappear into the middle of the bed. A huge
 lid comes on top of you and you're just stuck in this bunker. I have a question. How did they make
 sure that the bed can tell a difference between an earthquake and the extremely rigorous sex?
 Did the earth move for you? Well it didn't but the bed thought it did.
 Inside it has bottles of water. It's got oxygen tanks. It's got anything that you'd need to
 survive. But how does it protect you? Because surely if you're in a house that's crumbling down
 around you and you want to escape it and now you're locked in a bed. So the idea of being that this is
 so strong and that house would just crumble around it but not affect the box itself. So it would give
 you time to be rescued I guess. Yeah and it sends pulses out that firefighters and anyone who's
 digging up the rubble can sense where you are because there's like a message and SOS message
 going out. It looks nuts. There's an app you can get that I read about which is called My Shake
 where you have it in your pocket and it can detect earthquakes and seismic activity
 and then do real time updates so people can see when there's been earthquakes. Does it like vibrate?
 Did you know you can get negative earthquakes technically because when the Richter scale was
 invented it's a logarithmic scale so the smallest detectable amount of earthquakeing was one when
 they've made the Richter scale and then it kind of goes up from there but since then our technology
 has got better so we're able to detect even smaller earthquakes than that. So an earthquake that
 registers minus one on the Richter scale is 100th the strength of an earthquake that they originally
 made. Yeah it's something like a feather landing on a table or something. I remember I read an XKCD
 comic about it. Oh yeah. Minus 1000 on the Richter scale would be something like you know an atom
 hitting another atom or something. You'd be really annoyed if your earthquake sensing device went off
 every time it sent us to minus one earthquake. How do I change the settings on this thing? Please
 describe how in ancient Greece they used to mitigate earthquake damage by putting sheepskin in
 the foundations of their buildings so they'd bury them put a layer of sheepskin and the idea was
 that it would stop bits of earth sliding over each other and we sort of employ vaguely similar
 technologies today if we put springs and stuff in the foundations of buildings. Are they trying to
 put coconuts now? What? They're trying to harness coconut technology. Because coconuts are so far
 advanced than we are. Because about time we use some of their technology. Yeah coconuts
 apparently they're very good at absorbing certain things and they're trying to work out the
 makeup of the coconut that allows for it to absorb so well that they can then apply to technology.
 Should we move on soon? The one quite interesting thing about making earthquakes the father of
 seismology is a guy called Robert Mallett and he was from Ireland but there aren't any earthquakes in
 Ireland. The highest one ever recorded was two on the Richter scale. But what he did was he set
 explosions upon the beach and measured the explosions so he's in dynamite stuff like that.
 That's annoying for those on beach holidays.
 Okay it is time for fact number three and that is James. Okay my fat this week is that until 1970
 you could still buy men-only flights in America. This is extraordinary. It makes no sense.
 Well it's sort of so explain the logic and then we'll pick it apart. So this was unised airlines
 and for about two decades until 1970 you could buy these flights between New York and Chicago or
 between LA and San Francisco that were from then only and the idea was I think they were for
 businessmen and you're going to have no women and no children on board and according to the advert
 which I saw online it said you'll enjoy the informal club-like atmosphere smoke your pie
 pasta gar if you wish and make yourself comfortable using the pair of slippers provided.
 I mean obviously it's ridiculous but I think they wanted to replicate the idea of a gentleman's
 only club for instance which still existed then it still exists now. But the flight attendants were female.
 Yes yes who famously stewardesses have had very strict appearance rules that they have to abide by
 in the past so I think the very first stewardesses had to weigh less than eight stone two which is
 microscopic and they had to be under 25 and less than five foot four which is extremely short.
 Well so I was reading about the first student ever Ellen Church so this was for Boeing Air Transport.
 She saw an advert for a cabin boys they were trying to get people more confident about air flight and
 she persuaded Boeing Air Transport to give her the job on the basis that why don't you put women on
 and then people will see that if women can do it then men can definitely do it. Yeah and she
 was just to say she was actually a pilot. She said on your pilot if I was playing they were like
 no we don't believe you're going to fly it planes. There's only 4,000 female pilots around the
 world out of 130,000 for a while. Wow that's nuts. But I was looking at some things she had to do and
 they had to carry a spanner and a screwdriver in their pocket so that they could fix the wicker chairs
 that the passengers sat into the floor of the aircraft because apparently that was not the thing
 that was already done for them and one of the other jobs is that if a plane ever had to make an
 emergency landing in like a field due to bad weather they were responsible for knocking down the fences
 so that it could take back off again. Because these are sort of in the early days of commercial
 flights so it was mainly male planes. I mean postage. Oh yeah because that was another justification
 for the small size they asked women to be. It said we need to fit as much male on board as
 possible. So if you weigh 9 stone then you can't fit that extra pass much male as possible and
 it's little female as possible. The first female commercial airline captain in Britain was called
 Ivonne Cintes. She was a pilot for the UK based airline Dan Air from 1975 until her retirement in
 1980. I'm good for you Dan. This is great. Unfortunately things went down hill for Dan Air and they
 were sold to British Airways in 1992 for £1. Oh there's an airline that I found that I really like.
 I hope it's still going but it was launched in 2008 and it was the world's first nude airline.
 So it was for nudists. The bonus. Very quick to go through security. Yes. I thought you were saying
 bonus. Yes very quick to go. So it was a very specific route that they were taking them on which
 was from a German city a effort and they were going to a Baltic Sea resort. The thing was though is
 that you can't arrive at the airport naked. So what they would do is they would come with their
 clothes and they would get on the plate and then all take their clothes off when they were on the
 plate and then what they landed all had to put their clothes back on to get off the plane. Imagine if
 you're the one person who's accidentally put stickers on that and you get on that plate it takes
 off and you look around like it's happening. My favourite airline I found is North
 Korea's airline Air Korea. Have you seen these guys? They're the world's only airline that the
 Sky Tracks has rated one star so they're the world's airline. I was looking at some of the complaints
 that people have posted on including that the in-flight entertainment for the two-hour flight was
 basically North Korean propaganda that the seats tilted forwards rather than backwards. The plane
 came. And then during the flight both pilots came around to say hello presumably leaving the
 aircraft on autopilot. Oh just on-in-flight entertainment in the 1950s when it was a rare and
 exciting thing to be flying. Well first of all it was so exotic that people would wear evening
 dress onto a flight so they'd you know you'd go and that's just getting on to the flight then you
 take it off. And second of all you'd automatically be given a postcard when you boarded by this
 geodessis and that was so the idea was that during the flight you'd write a postcard to your friends
 back home talking about the flight because that's what they want to hear about. There's new services
 that are happening now. KLM the world Dutch Airlines they now do a thing so you know when you're
 checking in and you can select the seats that you want they're now attaching Facebook profiles to
 the seats so you can actually decide who you'd like to sit next to. So there's the creepy elements
 that you might sit yourself next to. Yeah and I can't think of any other element. So the
 weirdly the other element for they say the other element for a lot of people is they don't want to
 be near kids and so you look to where families are sitting and you can see yourself as far away from
 the family. Wait is that if you first come first serve kind of thing so because surely everyone would
 say I wouldn't be near that one really attractive person and no one wants to sit next so the
 really smelly-looking guy. The smelly-looking guy. Yeah from his Facebook profile. He's got little
 wavy lines. Okay it is time for a final fact of the show and that is my fact. My fact is that the
 discovery of the Higgs Boson was announced in Comic Sans. This is the big multi-billion dollar
 machine that is looking for something to unify science with a missing god particle that was found
 and they chose Comic Sans the font to announce it in. Am I not? Yeah really good point. What was
 amazing was if you were online at the time when the Higgs Boson was announced you probably remember
 this story because it called such a huge commotion and everyone was on Twitter and all social media
 making all these angry points about it including a guy called Vincent Connare who was saying there's
 ridiculous that they use Comic Sans. Vincent Connare invented Comic Sans. Well his argument that he
 designed it only for children. Well it was inspired by the watchman weirdly and dark night returns to
 seminal comic books that couldn't be further away from the integrity that Comic Sans brings to the table.
 But I'm totally on his side because he invented it. Microsoft commissioned him to design a very
 friendly approachable font for a very specific program or kids and people who aren't really good at
 computers. It's actually not a bad font to use for that but it's just very misused all around the
 world and so this guy gets a lot of hate for inventing a font that's actually it's people using wrong
 places. I think it's fine. Yeah I don't really get the big deal about it. I like it. I think it's great
 but so it's sort of for children. It's just supposed to be a friendly non-aggressive non-intimidating font
 so you can... Oh and then all of the aggression and aggro that this guy's got from it. Ironically
 yeah. Ironically yeah. I mean there's even there's a site called bancomicSans.com it's run by a couple
 who met over their hatred of Comic Sans. They got married literally. They say that's what brought
 them together and they started this thing and I've seen a documentary between Vincent Connor talking
 about hearing about these people and these people just discussing how much they hate it and it's
 really funny because he makes his point where he says I'm so glad that my font brought them together
 because now they're together for the rest of their lives. They're kind of there going don't change
 the subject. Maybe they did it to make the discovery try to appear simpler to understand
 than it was. If this is the purpose of Comic Sans perhaps it was to convince us that it was actually
 easier to understand the expose on part of the list. I think literally that is why they picked it
 in all honesty. Yeah I think they wanted to match the complexity of what they were doing with a
 friendly font that said this is not meant to be scaring you. That's what I'm trying to do is throw
 it in friendly. No, Adley James have personalities James. Poms do not have personalities. You are forcing a
 personality onto these things. They're just bits of cold. Do you know that they expose on the
 subject of how complex it is to comprehend? The UK Science Minister in 1993 ran a competition
 to see who could provide the best explanation to the British government of what the hell it was.
 The guy who won or one of the people who won was a physicist called David Miller. He described
 it by saying an anonymous person could move through a crowd unhindered but if the Prime Minister
 moved through a crowd he or she would attract a lot of attention so party workers would clump around
 that person and slow them down and give them this metaphorical mass and that's the equivalent of
 the Higgs boson. That's a very good explanation. I remember ages ago going out for a drink with a
 couple of scientists here and they were saying that basically the reason that scientists were so
 wanting to say yes let's find the Higgs boson is then we be able to build the LHC and what that
 meant was effectively was they didn't know what they were looking for but they said it would be
 the equivalent of just going out fishing and throwing your rod out into the lake with the ocean so the
 Higgs boson was the excuse but actually they just wanted to go fishing. Well the Higgs boson I think
 I'm right in saying there's been a bit of a disappointment because it kind of just does what
 everyone expected it to do. This is confusing this is what Stephen Hawking said wasn't it? He said
 it was disappointing because of that it was like surely you're happy guys you are happy but if it had
 done something really weird then suddenly it opens up whole new bits of science and science becomes
 really exciting. If it just fits perfectly you know it's like doing a jigsaw and you've got one more
 piece in and it goes in and you're finished or if the last one doesn't go in right then maybe you've
 got some other stuff wrong. I'm going to tear it apart and try it again. Maybe if they'd announced it
 in a more exciting font like Wingdings or something. Just on fonts having personalities. They do not
 have personalities. There was a study that suggested that you're more likely to believe that a statement
 is true if it's written in a sensible, weighty font and like Baskerville for example that's a very
 trustworthy font. Whereas Comic Sans you're not likely to believe it's true. The people who did
 ban Comic Sans.com they showed examples that there's a lawyer firm in America that has their name
 written in Comic Sans outside and they're going you're not going to trust that lawyer. The lawyer
 who writes in Comic Sans and they said if you see something that says wet paint and it's written
 in Comic Sans you're going to touch that wall and then I thought okay you lose a year I give him
 yeah this is getting a bit desperate. There was a dodge wall moral that had something engraved on
 it in Comic Sans which is really appropriate as well. I was looking a bit more into Surn just the
 history of Surn and there's a few famous things I think a lot of people know for example the first
 image that was ever put on the internet was of a band that worked at Surn. The Surnets. Yeah the Surnets.
 So I just looked into them a tiny bit and it's there actually I think more people should listen to
 them and check it out because it's genuinely like it's really good lyrics and really good. There's a
 song called Collider and it was the song is about the frustration that Michelle DeGanaro had with the
 fact that her boyfriend was always going away and working on the LHC and not spending enough time
 with her because they were also busy doing what they're doing. So she wrote Collider and the lyrics are
 "I gave you a golden ring to show you my love you went to stick it in a printed circuit to fix a
 voltage leak in your collector you plug my feelings into your detector you'd never spend your nights
 with me you don't go out with other girls either you only love your Collider your Collider."
 There's a really good lyrics. Well I though yeah the thing is I'm not sure many people can really relate
 to those lyrics. My boyfriend's obsessed with his Collider. Yeah a lot of people complain about
 their partner's being workaholics. So what you're saying is this is basically Rihanna's work work work
 exactly and I think they should too because there's a lot of plagiarism going on here. You know you know
 Sun do you know what it stands for? I can't believe I didn't know this I'm got some you guys all do.
 It's French but I can't remember. So it's French it stands for nothing now.
 So it was the Concer European Paula, Russia, Che, Nucleaire. So the Council for European Nuclear
 Research but the name of that was changed to the organisation of nuclear research so it should have
 been OERN and this was many many years ago and they just thought OERN sounds a bit rubbish so let's
 just call it Sun. OERN sounds like it could be like a carry on. Yeah carry on colliding. I think
 it should be called OERN. We got anything before we move on guys. Yeah I just got one more thing on
 fonts. I was just looking up kind of weird fonts and if you go to dotsys.org it's a font but they're
 trying to reinvent what the alphabet is so every letter of the alphabet this person who designed
 it argues is very inefficient because it takes up so much space. So what he's done is basically it's
 like a couple of pixels for each letter and it's basically like braille but for the eyes if you go to
 the website you can read a whole paragraph and it starts off in normal text and then the letters
 get more and more distorted until you're reading something that is actually completely legible if
 you look at it and it's just the weird it's just it looks a bit like sort of very condensed square
 braille and then you can kind of read it. It takes a while. That's amazing. What sort of things
 this shape of words? Yeah the words they start off completely in all words and then they're sort of
 very distorted and you sort of you train your brain over something. That's very clever. What are we
 going to do with all that amazing extra space that we're going to have at the end of each book?
 It's just going to be dirty like pages. Actually you say that. The other thing I found about space
 in books is that all of the Harry Potter books were printed with a size 12 font but the order of
 the Phoenix was printed 0.5 small work. Oh really? The order of the Phoenix is so much longer as a book.
 That's an amazing. It's like the most useless bit of information. That's going to the moon now.
 That's what we're telling the universe. They're turning back. They're turning back going back
 when they came from. Okay that's it. That's all of our facts. Thank you so much for listening to this
 special made for the moon episode. If you would like to get in contact with any of us about the things
 that we have said, you can't. We all died in 2023. It's a tragic explosion at the QI office.
 I'm still in the bed somewhere. Please locate James or tweet him on James at X-shaped or you
 can tweet me on at Shriveland Alex Alex Boer underscore and Shazinski. You can email podcast at qi.com.
 Yep or you can go to at qi podcast which is our group account or go to our website. No such thing
 as a fish.com where all of our previous episodes are waiting to be listened to. We'll see you again
 next week. Goodbye.
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
