 (upbeat music)
 Ho ho ho!
 Hey everyone, welcome to this episode of Little Fish.
 Before we get into it,
 there is just a little announcement that I would like to make.
 Christmas is only a few days away,
 and if you were looking to get a present
 for someone in your life who loves fish,
 I would love it if you would be able to come
 to my new tour that I'm gonna be doing
 around the UK as of March next year.
 - What?
 - Yeah, I'm so sorry, this is a terrible way for you to find out.
 - What are you going on tour?
 - You're not, unfortunately, Dan!
 - You can come, I don't have a stitch to wear.
 You can come and watch, I can do my act.
 - No one wants to see that, man.
 - I'm practicing, I can do it without injuring any
 of the audience by now, I really can.
 - Oh, Dan, I'm so excited.
 Where are we going?
 Where are we going?
 - Okay, well, this show is called "This Changes Everything,"
 and we should clarify, it's just Dan, it's not me,
 I'm just being a silly banana.
 - You could come along, I would be very handy
 if you'd have a front row with pom-poms every night, Dan.
 It's gonna be Dan on tour, where are you going?
 So, on the 15th of March, I'm gonna be in Warwick,
 and then I'm gonna be in Salford, I'm gonna be in Brighton,
 I'm gonna be in Edinburgh, Nottingham,
 and then I'm gonna be playing
 the Royal Geographical Society in London.
 Yeah, this is gonna be a great evening of mysteries,
 amazing fact, mind-blowing stories from history.
 I've put together the best of the best of stuff
 that I've been digging up over the last 10 years.
 If you've read my book, The Theory of Everything Else,
 you'll know the kind of tone of it.
 It's all the stuff that has led to the world we live in today,
 but it's all the bits of history
 that have been swept under the carpet,
 'cause people would rather you didn't know about it.
 So, if you like mystery adventure and jokes,
 please come along to "This Changes Everything."
 So, if you're looking to buy tickets for yourself
 or someone else, just put "Dantriber, This Changes Everything,"
 tour into Google.
 You'll find a link you can also find it on my Instagram,
 @Triberland, it'll be in the bio.
 Please come along, it's gonna be an awesome night,
 and I'll be there, and Andy will be there.
 I mean, just come to Justicey Andy.
 Sure.
 Sit and watch Andy watching me.
 We've got another little fish for you now.
 These are your facts, here we go.
 On with the show.
 On with the bug-gast.
 Thank you for doing that.
 I didn't have a choice.
 Now, please, please, then, put the call through
 and release my family.
 Hello, and welcome to Little Fish,
 the show where we look at the great facts
 that you guys have been sending in over the past seven days.
 Andy has gone through the inbox as bulging as it was
 and taken out the very, very best sent them to me
 and to Dan and kept some for himself,
 and we're gonna read through them today
 and maybe chat a little bit more about them.
 So, without further ado, who's gonna read the first one?
 Maybe Dan.
 Yeah, okay.
 I got a fact here, which is from Eli Jones,
 who says that jungle gyms were invented in Japan
 in the 1880s by a British polygamist
 with the goal of training a generation of children
 intrinsically comprehend the fourth dimension.
 So, jungle gyms, I think, is what I would have called softplay
 when I was younger.
 Right.
 So, me, a jungle gym is the metallic bars
 that are in a sort of a crescent shape
 from the ground that you would climb around.
 Oh, interesting.
 An adventure playground?
 Yeah, that's a jungle gym to me,
 but do we know what this guy invented?
 Well, this sounds like a hard play.
 Yeah, that sounds like a hard play.
 Hard play.
 Well, here's a story.
 While living with one of his families in Japan,
 a British mathematician called Charles Howard Hinton,
 tried to instill a fundamental understanding
 of the fourth-dimensional geometry into his children.
 What is the fourth dimension?
 Sorry to throw you an easy one so early.
 Yeah, well, I know.
 Imagine you take a square and you turn it into a cube.
 You're adding a third dimension.
 Now imagine you turn that into the next level up.
 That's the fourth dimension.
 I've just got another cube on top of a cube in my head.
 That would be a hyper cube.
 It's really hard to explain.
 Yeah, I thought the fourth dimension was time,
 but that's clearly not what we thought about here.
 No, this is a fourth spatial dimension.
 Oh, right.
 Oh, boy.
 OK, well, it sounds like
 soft play might not have been enough to do it.
 I'd say.
 I suppose was he trying to teach children spatial awareness
 because they're moving through a 3D space.
 Yeah.
 And they're becoming, I think,
 other children, the fourth dimension?
 He said he wanted to help them with the understanding
 that we typically move in two dimensions,
 walking around cardinal directions, as we said.
 Yeah, so you walk flat on the earth.
 We're not flying like a bird is in three dimensions
 because it can go up and down as well,
 but normally we're on the ground.
 If someone stops me and asks the directions,
 I very rarely include the third dimension in my answer.
 I'd say take the second left down here.
 And I'd never say you'll need to rise about three meters.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And then go into the fourth dimension.
 So to us, you'll still appear like you're in the same place,
 but actually you'll be in a different position
 in that other dimension.
 It's very simple stuff, guys.
 So he wanted to do this by creating a bamboo grid
 and running drills with his kids,
 where he would shout coordinates at them
 and it would scramble through the grid
 to get the coordination right.
 Yeah.
 So that was his plan.
 It was to invent a device that allowed for them to do that.
 A byproduct of it was the invention of the jungle gym.
 Yeah, I've seen a picture of it.
 And a jungle gym you're talking about is like a climbing frame
 but made of lots of boxes.
 OK.
 If that makes sense.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, definitely.
 What was the other thing that maybe it was soft play
 that was invented by a guy in Manchester
 who saw the people were playing in burnt out cars
 and decided that maybe we should give them something else to play in?
 Was it bombsites as well?
 Yeah, I think so.
 It was a lot of precarious sort of concrete and rusty metal,
 strewn patches and kids were playing on them
 because it was a kind of free space for them to play.
 And it never did them any harm.
 He definitely came up with some kind of playground.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, remember that.
 Yeah, well, great fact.
 Indeed, Andy, what about another one?
 All right, here's one from Andy Walker
 who's sending his favorite film fact.
 The UK actor Richard Todd was a D-Day veteran.
 And I really like this.
 He was in a film called The Longest Day,
 which is a really, really famous second mobile film.
 It's about three hours long.
 It recreates large chunks of D-Day, basically.
 He was in the film The Longest Day,
 playing his real life commanding officer.
 So he had been at D-Day himself as a young man.
 20 years later, he gets cast in this film,
 playing the guy who was in charge of him on D-Day.
 And there's someone else in the film,
 playing him as a younger man.
 Really? Yeah.
 And I'd never heard of Richard Todd, really.
 I hadn't seen this film.
 And he was incredibly popular in the '60s and '50s.
 And he was a matinee idol.
 And he was there at Pegasus Bridge in D-Day,
 which he had to capture and sort of hold off
 really fierce German attacks to try and retake it
 'cause they were trying to shut the whole thing down.
 And yeah, he ended up in this film later on
 with a load of, I mean, it's a huge film
 with a lot of incredibly famous actors in it,
 many of whom had been there on the actual D-Day.
 That must be crazy.
 It must have been so surreal, yeah, exactly.
 And he had enough of an impact
 that he was a character in that movie.
 Yeah, that's pretty wild, isn't it?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's really cool.
 I guess, small regiments,
 you would know the names of everyone,
 you know, that you were talking about.
 He was one of the first people on the ground.
 He landed at 40 minutes after midnight on D-Day.
 He was absolutely one of the first people on D-Day.
 Did it happen? Did it start at midnight?
 That was maybe that's when the parachutes in Dog's landed.
 I think it was when the parachute just landed.
 I think we said in an early episode
 that that's what came in first.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 He was one of the first two-legged mammals on the ground.
 I'm not sure I would start at midnight
 'cause I think that's when they'd be expecting it.
 Good point.
 I'd start like 17 minutes past something.
 Well, that's why I was such a terrible failure
 'cause they didn't listen to you.
 (laughing)
 No, that's fair enough.
 I don't know if it was dead on.
 But I did a little more reading about him in his life
 and it was a very interesting life.
 One of his other superior officers on D-Day,
 this is just an amazing name I've tracked down.
 He was a guy called Jeffrey Pine Coffin.
 That was his surname.
 (laughing)
 That was very good.
 It was a double barrel name.
 The Pine and the Coffin families
 had got married to each other at surgery before.
 And they call themselves Pine Coffin.
 You don't get names like that anymore.
 It's a brilliant name.
 Oh, yeah, yeah.
 Okay, here's one from me by Dario Persecino.
 Thank you very much for writing Dario
 with this incredible fact
 that it would take just over 1,418 years
 to eat a full Jesus.
 (laughing)
 So what Dario has done here is assumed
 that when you're eating a communion wafer,
 which is the body of Christ,
 that that is actually Jesus.
 And he's worked out all the stuff.
 He's sent us all the working out
 and I can promise you that it's all great.
 And he worked out that you would need
 74,000 communion wafers to eat a complete Jesus.
 And assuming you receive communion once a week,
 it would take approximately 1,418 years
 to eat a full Jesus.
 He says this does not take into account any philosophical
 issues of transubstantiation
 and that it hasn't taken into account
 the weight of Jesus' foreskin,
 which he said he knows would be a point of interest to me,
 because that's why it was excommunicated.
 But he said he figured it would only make
 a one small wafer difference.
 Yeah.
 I get a friend of the podcast, Jesus' foreskin.
 Absolutely.
 But Dario are honestly absolutely stunning bits of maths.
 I wonder how many bottles of wine it would take
 to drink or the blood of Christ?
 Dario, get on it.
 That's in true Hawkins style, that fact, isn't it?
 I read a recent article about communion wafer,
 which had got the blood of Christ on it.
 And they've found red stains on the communion wafer
 and thought that's what had happened.
 In actual fact, it was caused by a fungus
 and three different types of bacteria,
 all of which are commonly found on human hands.
 Oh.
 Now, there is a theory that Jesus was a mushroom.
 So he could have been reforming on that wafer.
 Right.
 Could be.
 Could be.
 That's brilliant.
 That's really good.
 You've all taken your tinful hats off, it's going on.
 Shall I do one?
 Yeah, go for it.
 OK, this is from Anton Guillenberg, who writes,
 fact, the Vatican Apostolic Library
 holds shelf after shelf of self-help hiccup remedies.
 Do they have the figure up the anus?
 Which is--
 I believe the only medically certain way to cure it.
 You're right.
 You're right.
 Wow.
 It's a total rectal massage.
 Yeah.
 Is that what the Sistine Chapel is?
 Is God's finger coming to a stop?
 Adam, have you got hiccups?
 [LAUGHTER]
 OK, so this is Pope Pius XII, who reported a statement.
 Oh, end of the podcast.
 Huge friend.
 Give me--
 Give me one.
 He was the guy who said that anyone who mentions Jesus
 is fast and gets it.
 It's going to be a fake death.
 He was embalming, went incredibly wrong.
 Yeah, the whole sum of us.
 Who had that crazy doctor?
 He was a proper friend of the podcast.
 Oh, yeah, yeah.
 Well, welcome back, Pope Pius.
 So yeah, he suffered from chronic hiccups.
 So over the years, people from all around the world
 would send him all kind of remedies
 from charming suggestions like being startled
 to the more vulgar ideas that we have mentioned on our show.
 I'm assuming--
 Oh, there we go.
 Finger up the bum, bum.
 So as correspondence addressed to the Pope,
 God's representative on Earth, these submissions
 could not be discarded and were preserved
 according to standard Vatican archival procedures.
 So they are all there.
 So there's many unusual items including all of these remedies
 that are now part of the collection that are maintained
 by the Holy See.
 Yeah.
 There's a P.S. to this email, by the way, from Anton,
 who is in Helsinki in Finland, just to add that.
 P.S., I have actually come to possess
 the only foolproof method to cure hiccups.
 As it involves bizarre choreography,
 snaps, and singing in Swedish, it's rather difficult
 to explain and writing.
 But if we ever meet in person, I would
 be delighted to share it with you.
 OK, let's book that gig and Helsinki straight away.
 Absolutely.
 The only-- I have come into possess the only foolproof method.
 It's quite strong.
 Isn't it?
 It's got choreography involved?
 Yeah.
 I think this is--
 I imagine what it is is everyone gets some snaps,
 stands in a circle.
 Does this sort of really amazing dance
 with your arms going one way, your legs
 going the other way, all that kind of stuff?
 Then we all say something like some ancient riddle
 in Swedish.
 And then we all put our fingers on each other's buns.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I've got one.
 Yeah.
 This is from Emma Wood, and I find it quite fascinating.
 So she sends a couple of facts.
 I'll just do the second one if that's the right Emma.
 It's a bit anecdotal, but she says,
 I personally found this quite a cursed piece of trivia years
 ago on a tour of a famous commercial radio station.
 I was told for their breakfast show
 that they use a specific voice filter
 to make the hosts sound more artificially happy
 in the mornings.
 Yeah.
 Is there any knowledge about--
 Is this person British?
 Do you think?
 I don't know.
 She says, "I, in my research, unfortunately,
 cannot find anything documented to back this up.
 Is this a radio-wide conspiracy?
 Have I blown this shit wide open?"
 Well, we can say because we know Zoe Ball,
 and we've all been on her breakfast show,
 that she is genuinely that happy all the time.
 Yeah.
 But we had a filter to our show.
 This show we've got lots of filters on her.
 Oh, yeah, just remind me what they are again.
 Well, we put on one which makes us sound a bit cleverer.
 Oh, yeah.
 Tantios has been broken for a while, actually.
 I know.
 I've been meaning to get that looked at.
 I have the cruelness built on the mind of us.
 You've got that set too strong today, I see.
 Anna, believe it or not, we've turned down her sarcasm filter.
 Yeah, that's why she hasn't been on for three months.
 Yes.
 OK, so here is another fact.
 This one is from Gudrun Ulfaz. here.
 She says that Taurus in Iceland have been tagging the place name
 Giel Skulder in hundreds of photos on social media recently.
 The weird thing is that these photos
 seem to be taken in lots of different places
 around the country.
 The reason is because Giel Skulder in Icelandic
 means parking fees apply.
 Lovely.
 Lovely.
 And apparently lots of parking lots.
 People have been putting up this sign
 to make sure that people pay.
 But then people have just seen it.
 In fairness, it looks like it could be a name of a place
 in Iceland for sure.
 Brilliant.
 But of course, it reminds me of the pravo-yasty thing
 a few years going to Ireland where loads of traffic
 infringements had been given to this single person
 called pravo-yasty.
 But it turned out the pravo-yasty was
 Polish for driving license.
 That's a good phrase.
 I left that one.
 Yeah, that's brilliant.
 Should I do one more?
 Yeah, yeah.
 This one is such a fish-guired fact.
 You have to know an in-joke in order to like this one.
 I think Caleb Groen has sent this in.
 I'm a longtime fan of the podcast.
 As a US law student, I recently came across a fact
 that might be of interest to you.
 Judging by word count, the constitution
 of the US state of Alabama sources vary.
 But 373,000 words is probably the best estimate.
 Wow.
 Is longer than Anna Karenina, which is around 364,000,
 as the highest estimate.
 Wow.
 That's the fact.
 How much verbiage does it take to run Alabama effectively?
 Probably there's a lot of stuff about farming
 in the Alabama constitution.
 Like there is an Anna Karenina.
 Yeah.
 I think Caleb basically wanted to let us know that
 because he said spoilers about the Alabama Constitution
 will probably be less violating to our listeners
 than spoilers about Anna Karenina.
 That's really brilliant.
 Andy, go ahead and give us one more.
 All right, here's a fun one.
 This is very exciting.
 This is from Jana Row.
 And Jana is working on a sub-antarctic sub-antarctic.
 It's not whether that sees lived.
 It's the entrance to the hall over.
 Sorry.
 I think this must mean just above the Antarctic, rather than just
 below the South Pole.
 An island called Marion Island off the coast of South Africa.
 And Jana and 19 others are living there for 15 months
 doing scientific research.
 Wow.
 Your podcast keeps me highly entertained
 and puts a smile on my face in the field
 while we hike hundreds of kilometers in shitty weather.
 And Jana is a seabird researcher working closely
 with wandering albatross.
 So cool.
 So cool.
 And just sends a few brilliant facts about the wandering albatross.
 So I don't think we've mentioned them very much.
 And they're basically--
 They've got the longest wingspan any bird.
 It's two and a half meters roughly.
 And I really like this.
 They've got this elbow locking mechanism.
 They can keep their wings open for as long as they want
 without activating their muscles.
 And basically, they can fly several hundred miles
 in one go without flapping their wings once.
 I just didn't really clock how far they can fly.
 Imagine several hundred miles from wherever you are.
 Yeah.
 It's a long way away.
 From London to Bolton.
 Without flapping.
 Yeah.
 Well.
 Last time I drove, I was flapping the whole way.
 Right.
 And so they lock their elbows so that it just--
 Basically, it's the wind.
 Yeah, exactly.
 And I looked at what's going on on Marion Island
 from where Jana is riding.
 And it's where they're trying to wipe out the mice,
 which have for years been absolutely demolishing the albatrosses.
 It's been a real catastrophe.
 It's half the worlds wandering albatrosses
 are bred on this island and the island next door.
 So it's a really important base for them.
 They shouldn't be called the wandering albatross.
 Should they consider them have such a small--
 They're all from here.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Well, they do wander.
 They can fly--
 some of them have been seen flying 75,000 miles in one year.
 So they do wander.
 Just a couple of flaps together.
 Basically, yeah.
 And basically, this island introduced five cats
 to the island in 1949 to control the mice,
 which were already causing a huge problem.
 Guess what they didn't do to the cats?
 New to them.
 They didn't do to them.
 So then they had hundreds of cats
 praying on the albatrosses because it's easier
 to catch the mice.
 Did they consider dogs after that?
 Yeah, it was very much the old woman
 who introduced a non-neutral cat to the Marion Island.
 Basically, they finally have got rid of the cats
 about 30 years ago.
 And now they're going after the mice.
 And if they can do it, if they can do full elimination,
 this will be a huge boom to the albatrosses, which
 have really suffered their populations.
 So that might be what your hand is working on.
 Very exciting.
 Very cool.
 It's very cool.
 Yeah, very, very good.
 OK, one more fact.
 Do you want one that's also about birds,
 or one that's also from an expert in the field?
 Also expert in the field.
 Yeah, expert in the field.
 OK, bad news to Kirsty Blackman and her penguin fat.
 We are going to--
 No!
 Sorry, Kirsty.
 It's all right.
 It was just penguin's cat taste fruit.
 That's all I got.
 Well, that's what Kirsty said.
 Why would they ever want to taste fruit?
 They're in a fruit-free environment.
 I have all the information, but we're not going to go into it today.
 We're going to instead have the fact from Ralph Derroa Mercado Misquita,
 who writes that if elephants were to walk on the moon,
 their limbs would need to be about 10 meters long
 to maintain normal gate mechanics.
 What?
 So this is Ralph is a biomechanist and researcher in locomotion.
 And his team wrote a paper about what elephants would have to do
 if they were on the moon.
 I basically will just crazy this.
 Basically, if they wanted to keep walking in the way that they walk on earth,
 they would need very, very long legs based on the gravity and the leg length and all that kind of stuff.
 That is an astonishing fact in that I just assumed you could transport any animal to the moon
 and they would be able to moonwalk up there like they do down here.
 Like when you say moonwalk, you don't mean walk backwards like Michael Jackson.
 I think that's the agreed way of how you want to walk on the moon.
 Is it not?
 No, it's true.
 But obviously if humans walk on the moon,
 then we bouncing rather than walking really, aren't we?
 So yeah, the elephants would have to have certain changes as well.
 Ralph and his team will be presenting the projects at the Society of Biomechanics
 in Marseille in two weeks from the moment he sent that email.
 So probably if you're in Marseille, you might have missed it.
 Yeah, yeah, I think so, I'm afraid.
 What are they hoping to achieve with this study?
 It's just fun, Andy.
 Oh, I'm sorry. That's what I missed it.
 Against people interested in locomotion and gait and biomechanics and stuff like that.
 I don't think they're intending to actually send elephants up to the moon.
 But I think that's what I think you're right, super interesting.
 And if someone did, let's say, fantasise the idea of a moon zoo,
 how would animals function on the moon?
 If they were living there, there was probably so many interesting different ways
 that you would have to adapt an animal to be out there.
 The space suit for the elephant is going to be a big ask, isn't it?
 Where does the oxygen go in the nose, in the trunk?
 They don't need it, they don't need to help it.
 They do, they just have a little thing on the end of their trunk, don't they?
 I think their space suit is doing more than just helping you breathe.
 That's a good point. That's a good point.
 That's a really good point.
 Andy's like, no, I'll go out, I'll just hold my breath.
 I'll go out, I can hold my breath for two minutes.
 I'm going to go out, pick up a few moon rocks, come on.
 I'm having a piss, I don't need, it's fine.
 I don't breathe through my cock.
 Shut up, Houston.
 Your last words.
 I've been troubled, I've got three seconds left.
 What can I do, Houston?
 It's actually Houston.
 Okay, on that diabolical note, we still have one more thing to do, and that is to tell you
 the listener.
 If you are a member of the upper tier of Patreon, whether or not this week, you are a
 new custodian of one of our facts, so who is going to go first with one of those?
 I'll do one.
 This one goes out to Edward Cox.
 Congratulations.
 Edward, your fact is one from another great friend of the podcast, Leven Skyder, who came
 on the show in episode 13, and presented the fact that during the Second World War, the
 Nazis employed two official Nazi comedians, Tran and Heller.
 They made a series of films, didn't they, and maybe they got fired for being a bit too
 'cause about regulations or maybe committing the cardinal sin of making fun of the regime
 a little bit.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Great fact, and this was our first moment with Leven on the show.
 We've since had him on multiple times, largely when we do Nurdland, which is his festival
 in Belgium.
 Are we going to do it next year?
 He's just sent us a message.
 Oh, has he?
 Okay.
 Well, if the dates work.
 Yeah.
 Maybe.
 Is this an exclusive?
 That's an exclusive.
 It's an exclusive and official response, Leven.
 If you're listening.
 If the dates work.
 Yes.
 Maybe.
 Great.
 Very cool.
 Okay.
 I'll do one.
 This was my fact from episode 13, and this is for Lin.
 Lin, you are now the custodian of this fact.
 The Philippines Basketball Association is the world's second oldest, and names of its
 ten teams include The Rain and Shine Elasto Painters, San Miguel Beer Men, and Talk and Text,
 Troopang Textors. Great, isn't it? Great, isn't it?
 The long stage when you started, I thought we were going to get all ten teams. I don't remember
 this and the reason is, was I in this episode? No, you're not. No, I don't think I've ever even
 listened to this episode. Oh, wow, it's a goodie. It's a goodie. Yeah, yeah. Well, um,
 link, congratulations. Yeah. Here is another fact. This one is now under the custodianship
 of Casey McKenzie Johnson. And the fact is that if you get a zebrafish drunk and put him in a tank
 with other zebrafish, the sober ones will follow the drunk one around. Lovely, lovely.
 Anna's fact in episode 13, I feel like she was just hoping that that was what happened with her
 life as well. But no, this is about zebrafish, which are often used in medical trials because they
 have quite similar nervous system to humans. Yes, something, animals. I think maybe my cousin's
 studies zebrafish. Really? I haven't asked her lately how it's going. I'll have to drop her
 a line. Very nice. Yeah, that's cool. I didn't know that. Well, as we can, I mean, I barely know it
 clearly as a dude with me saying it. But yeah, should we have another one? Yeah, go with it. All right,
 this one goes out to you. Joshua Smith. Joshua, your fact from this day forward for
 saking all others is that the youngest wooly mammoths are older than the oldest pharaohs. Kampang!
 Yes, Bosch. pharaohs, mammoths. There was a time where you could have had a pharaoh riding a
 woolly mammoth. Yeah. And it's an absolute catastrophe that we didn't make that happen as a species.
 How stupid are we? We didn't know that the woolly mammoth was going to go extinct so quickly.
 We did and we didn't. We also didn't know that the pharaohs were going to die out so quickly as well.
 Yeah, no, you're right. You would have thought they'd both go on happily forever. But,
 yeah, and the last woolly mammoths were living on this place called Wrangle Island, I think.
 And it's just because it was quite remote. And they're all these theories about why they died out.
 It's Siberia, right? Yeah, that's it. The two have ever met. Do we know if...
 No, absolutely not. No pharaohs in Siberia. No, but I meant ancient Egyptians. Would they have
 traveled at that point? I don't know. They did some seafaring and they did some travels in Africa,
 but there's no way they could have got to Siberia. I'm sorry to say. They wouldn't have had the warm
 talks for that environment. No, those like two necks and funny hats that they were. Absolutely not.
 They would not be good in Siberia. Absolutely not. That's so sad. Yeah. Don't give us another.
 This one is for Rachel Gilbert. Congratulations. You now own a James Harkin fact, which is that the CEO
 of Levi's hasn't washed his jeans in more than a year. Maybe 11 years at the folk.
 The Seagull. No, I do remember this one. I remember it being quite controversial in the office,
 because I think Anna said she had never washed her jeans ever. Was the idea you put it in the fridge?
 That was the freezer. That was one way to do it, but basically they said that they just don't need
 washing. And I just straight up disagree. Still, after all this time, I think washing clothes,
 I mean, call me a rebel. Call me a maverick, but I think washing your clothes is a good thing.
 It's not a jeans and not the kind of clothes that need washing every day. I try and get a new pair
 of pants on every day, and I don't mind sharing that on the show. But jeans, they can go a while.
 Because if you spill something very urgent on them, then that's that you need to change them.
 I think I agree if you shit yourself, you should change them.
 Well, yeah, if you shit yourself badly, you should change them.
 It's case by case. Oh, I've said too much. This is what I try and keep quiet about my personal life.
 Okay. Let me do one more. This fact is going to Devon Perentstein.
 Appears that Perent is this person's middle name.
 And Devon, you are so lucky. You are really getting your money's worth with this fact,
 because it's a Dunstribe fact. Wow, this is log. Is this how I said it on the day?
 Surely not. I read audiobooks that are short of this fact. The thing is, we just hadn't
 got the hang of delivering a crisp fact yet. Oh my god, the Alabama Constitution is sure
 of this fact. Devon, your fact is the first successful transatlantic flight in 1919 was made by
 Alcock and Brown. At one point, they got lost in a cloud. And when they came out, they were only
 60 feet above the water and flying at 90 degrees to water. A double water in there
 as well. Yeah, I don't think I would have double watered it. Okay. Okay, mate.
 Maybe I typed it up wrong. Maybe you actually said something that was only five words long,
 and I just got carried away when typing up the episode. I think I would have said the first bit
 as the fact and then quickly came in underneath it with a call with the case. But that's not an
 interesting fact that Alcock and Brown were the first people to cross the Atlantic. That's just
 a bit of trivia. I think Devon would feel absolutely stiff if his fact was that the first transatlantic
 flight was made by Alcock and Brown. Well, you're welcome then, Devon, because I've included
 the extra exciting detail. It was pretty amazing. They're getting lost in a cloud and flying out of
 the cloud at 90 degrees to the water is funny. Yeah. That's funny because you think there would be
 other signs like they're drinks billing. Yeah. Yes. Yes. All them falling out of the plane. Yeah.
 Yeah. That's a terrible thing. I actually trimmed this down a bit before we read it out on
 today's little fish. I genuinely did. Okay. Are we going to do one or two more? Yep. And then what have
 you got for us? All right. This is for Ben Jimen. Not Ben Jamen. Ben Jimen. It's this fact in 2007. A
 woman called Evan Latimer inherited Napoleon's penis from her father. Oh. Oh. And we did a lot
 about the afterlife of Napoleon's pretty corporal. Because it was passed around and inherited and
 probably won and lost in car games and things like that. And it's had a it's had a busy busy afterlife.
 Yeah. I play a lot of poker these days, but I think we are missing the time when you could just
 shove something on the table and say, let's play for that. Really? It's all chips and it's all like,
 oh, let's play for a fiver and stuff like that. You know, you don't get people shoving Mussolini's
 eyeball on the table and saying, I feel like all my stuff would just be rejected. Like that's very
 cool. Dan that you brought an unboxed Morgan Mindy toy from the 1970s. We actually dispute your
 assessment of its worth. You may have paid 100 quid for it. That doesn't actually mean it's worth
 100 quid of tips. Because normally it's like you throw your car keys on the table or your house keys
 or your wedding ring or something for Dan of course. It's a life size cut out of pedals.
 Signed. Signed. You don't understand. Steve Martin briefly owned this tambourine.
 But I think the I think the last time a family still own Napoleon's privates today.
 All right. The penis anyway. Very good. So congratulations. Congratulations. Ben Jimin.
 Okay. And let's do one more Dan. Hopefully something nice, short, snappy and not too
 penisy. Yep. So Karen Jains. You are now the custodian of Andrew Hunter Murray's fact, which is
 to say I don't care about something. A German person has the option of saying it's sausage to me.
 Is this your first ever sausage fact on the show? I think it might be. First of many.
 I realised then that this was a rich seam of stuff. Das ist mir versed. I don't care. That's
 sausage sausage to me. But the Germans love sausage, which is why it's a strange, you know,
 it's a popular national dish. Yeah. Yeah. We actually found that in a recent episode that you
 weren't in, that they also say that's train station Tanai to me. That's quite good because that is
 the sort of thing that you just let pass by you. That's brilliant. Yeah. Oh. The first ever photo shoot
 that we had with a national newspaper had us sitting down with placards with our favorite facts
 on it. And this was your fact. You had that. I had one about being kicked in the head or something.
 That's right. I remember what Anna's was. And then Dan had a huge billboard next to him with one
 of his facts. There are 30 cricket teams in. Okay. Thank you so much for listening to this episode
 of Little Fish. And congratulations to all the custodians of today's facts. If you have some
 interesting facts that you want to tell us, then send them over to Andy at podcast@QI.com. He will
 shuffle through them and send them out to us. And we might mention them next week or the week after
 or the week after that, or anytime in the next 20 years, until eventually we decide to stop doing
 this. If you would like to get custodian ship of a fact yourself, then go to patreon.com/nosicsthingsafish.
 And you can join the friend of the podcast here to do that. But in the meantime, please enjoy
 the rest of your week and we will see you on Friday for a big old episode of No Six Thingsafish. Bye!
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
