 We run it on QI a few years ago.
 Yeah.
 Um, which was, there's no such thing as a fish.
 It ended up not such thing as a fish.
 No, seriously, it's ended up the Oxford Dictionary of Underwater Life.
 It says it right there, first paragraph.
 No such thing as a fish.
 Hello, and welcome to another episode of "No Such Thing"
 as a fish coming to you from the QI offices in Covert Garden.
 My name is Dan Treiber.
 I'm sitting here with three other QI elves, James Harkin, Andy Murray,
 and on fact-checking Judy's this week, Ann Miller.
 And once again, we're going to go over our favorite facts
 from the last seven days.
 Joining us today, we have a special guest, a comedian
 and friend of ours, Eric Lamper.
 Hello, how are you doing, mate?
 I'm very good, thanks.
 Eric is a good friend of ours.
 He's a comedian.
 He recently, as a stand-up, opened for Eddie Isard.
 In French, it was a French gig.
 And Eric did his set in French entirely.
 He's also going to star in an upcoming movie
 called Amstar Dam.
 Yeah, that's true.
 Yeah, I think it'll be here, I think.
 Oh, what's it about?
 So it's not bad.
 It's like a fairy tale world.
 It is a stoner film with that name.
 Yeah, I'm quite excited, you know.
 Based in Neverlands.
 Yeah, so it's in Amsterdam, yeah.
 And I can't really reveal too much.
 I have a fact about Amsterdam to hear it.
 I can't remember what year it was, it was about, I don't know,
 80 years or so ago.
 But there was a fog so bad that 29 people
 fell into the canals in a single night.
 That's fantastic.
 OK, let's start with fact number one.
 And we're going to start with our special guest, Eric.
 [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
 In 1923, Jockey Frank Hayes won a race in Belmont Park
 in New York, despite being dead.
 Wow.
 OK, so explain that one.
 Yeah.
 No, he started alive, right?
 He started alive.
 Oh.
 So he died mid-race?
 Mid-race, yeah.
 OK, give us more of the story.
 Well, basically, he suffered from a heart attack mid-race.
 But he was straddled nice and strong in the saddle.
 And the horse won.
 But how does-- is there a seat belt?
 Maybe he killed over, right?
 Yeah, but you're not going to move his chains, sort of like,
 slammed over, can I think.
 So he's got his feet nice and strapped in.
 And you've got your hands, as well, sort of tied around the--
 the reins.
 Oh, yeah.
 Did anyone notice during the race?
 It was the only discovered after he had won.
 He was probably the only one who was just kept running
 more and more laps.
 He's probably the only one not hitting the horse.
 Yeah, yes, still won.
 What does that say about cruelty?
 Yeah, listen, this horse-- am I right in saying
 it was called sweet kiss?
 Sweet, sweet kiss of death.
 Sweet kiss of death.
 That's what they nicknamed it afterwards.
 Is it?
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 This is an interesting link.
 Your dad, Eric, is a jockie, isn't he?
 Yeah, I mean, that's one of the reasons why I thought.
 I mean, I only found out this fact this week.
 But yeah, my dad is indeed a jockie.
 Because you're pretty tall, if you don't mind me saying.
 Yeah, and I've got big gums as well, which has never helped.
 As school they'd be like, oh, clearly your dad's
 had sex with a horse.
 It's all fair.
 Unfortunately, I'm hung like a human.
 [LAUGHTER]
 You know the way that jockie's sit.
 It's kind of like a crouched thing where they're leaning forward.
 Not the dead ones, the alive ones.
 This is called the monkey crouch.
 And it was invented by a guy called Todd Sloan in 1897.
 And what's interesting about it is no one
 rode horses like that before in horse races.
 And when he invented that, horse race times and records
 improved by 5% to 7% in a single year.
 So he just completely changed the spot
 by deciding to crouch down on lean forward.
 No one had ever done it before.
 Wow, that's amazing.
 That's like the, um, in the foes.
 Yeah, in high jump.
 Yes.
 I mean, that completely transformed the sport, didn't it?
 We did a couple of years ago, the new way of throwing a javelin,
 which was invented very briefly in the 1930s,
 which is to hold it by one end, swing around, and let go.
 The javelin.
 Yeah, like throwing the hammer.
 And it was banned almost immediately for obvious reasons.
 But it did provide amazingly long javelin throws.
 In fact, to the extent that it could have been quite dangerous,
 A, because it goes too far and might have spectators,
 and B, because it's very hard to get it in exactly the right direction.
 It's getting paled to say it's incredible.
 A slight margin of error in the Paris Olympics in 1904, 1900.
 Paris 1900, yeah.
 Paris 1900.
 People trained in the public parks, javelins.
 And they had to be warm to be extra vigilant.
 Some people trained at night, so there was less chance of hitting people.
 But also more chance of hitting people.
 The interesting thing about javelins is that they make them lesser or dynamic
 as the time goes on, because the length of a running track
 is always going to be about 100 meters.
 And so what they do is they have to make sure the javelin can't be thrown more
 than that.
 People get stronger and stronger and better, and they get closer to 100 meters.
 And then they always make the javelins a little bit worse so that people can't get that far.
 By the end, it'll just be like a toothpick, not really a heavy toothpick.
 Wow, OK, so what were you always out with at the--
 I was 18 and 97 when he discovered that idea.
 OK, that's amazing.
 It's an interesting thing when you start looking into what people have achieved once they've
 died.
 There's a really one of my favorite stories from the Gnobel's world.
 We've had Mark Abrams, the founder, on a few podcasts ago.
 And he wrote a book years ago called The Gnobel Prizes 2, Why Chickens Prefer Beautiful Humans.
 There's a fantastic story about a man called Laal Bahari, who in 1975, when he went to the bank
 to apply for a loan, he discovered that he'd been declared dead by his uncle, who wanted
 to declare him dead in order to get the land rights for the farm that he owned.
 And he spent 19 years as a dead man trying to get recognized as a living man.
 And it just no one would recognize him.
 And he did incredible things like he stood for parliaments.
 He tried to get arrested countless times because they arrested him technically, it meant
 he was alive.
 So they couldn't arrest him.
 He would do all this stuff.
 And they're like, we can't arrest you because you're dead.
 And so for 19 years, he stayed dead technically and he finally got a court to overturn it.
 And he set up in his town where he lived.
 And I think for all of India, which is where he's from, a whole network and a group in support
 of people who have been declared dead, who are in fact alive.
 Oh, I'd love to have that power.
 That's so amazing.
 It's called the Association of Dead People that he created.
 And it was in 1994 that he was finally proven to be alive.
 It's a massive problem as well, in places where the paperwork often doesn't catch up with
 people's actual legal status or whether or alive or not, that it happens a great deal.
 It's why there's a need for an association, you know?
 Was that in India?
 Yes, it was.
 Well, I do believe in reincarnation, that's why he was born again.
 That's possible.
 Well, let's go back to horse racing and jockey and stuff like that.
 And there was a jockey, a very successful one called Lafitte, Pinque, Jr. And in order to
 keep his weight down, he would take a single peanut, slice it into slivers and eat just half
 of it for lunch.
 The dieting for a jockey is actually mad.
 So like me and my mum and my mum's French, so we'd eat like so much, we'd probably pick
 out.
 But he'd always eat salads and stuff.
 And then I remember when we were in South Africa for one of his races and he carved himself
 in black bin bags, right?
 And just sell it taped all the way up to his neck.
 And then he pushed a wheelbarrow full of things and he ran around with the wheelbarrow around
 the field to lose the weight.
 And then I remember he took off all the black bin bags and it just pulled out like a waterfall.
 It was disgusting.
 That's amazing.
 I also read the people's speed walk, a jockey speed walk instead of run because they don't
 want to put an extra muscle, don't know if that's good.
 Muscle weight.
 Muscle weight, yeah.
 Muscle weight.
 Muscle weight, yeah.
 Is it AP McCoy?
 Yeah.
 He's one of the great jockeys of time.
 Yeah, I lived near him.
 Do you?
 New market, yeah.
 He has very intensive, almost-golding-hot baths.
 Same reason I think, to sweat out so much of the water in his body.
 He does it for a couple of hours, a couple of times a day before a race.
 Yeah.
 Like sometimes I'll commit a crime leader, police, just to see if they get away with it.
 That's like two stones gone.
 Okay, before we move on, Anne, have you got any facts you want to-
 Yeah, I do.
 James's Amsterdam fog was in 1893.
 It was 79 people who fell into the canals that one night.
 So what's where you're going in fog?
 Frank Hayes, the New York Times, reckoned that he died just after his horse took lead
 before he finished.
 And they put it down to his heavy training regime, and his excitement coming first, which so-
 Well, the horse is excitement.
 Frank Hayes' excitement.
 Oh, okay.
 Have he been working so hard, and then he suddenly saw he was about to win, and that made
 a big deal.
 Well, it gave way.
 There is a tumbler I found called Curious History, I haven't seen them before, but they
 are probably one of the 20 best tumblers in the world, according to MSN, and they say
 their spectators thought he was showing off and was riding one-handed, kind of like riding
 a bike with no hands.
 See, it's going over the line, and then when he realized he died till the race was over,
 which the javelin spinning round technique, actually quite effective, the current world
 record was 83 meters, and the guy who spun around threw 112, but was then disallowed, because
 yeah, didn't want the copycats, that was in 1966.
 So the world record for javelin has been disqualified at the time?
 Well, that one was because he did not want the world over your head.
 I don't think anyone's got that far, but the thing is every time they change the javelin,
 that invalidates all previous records, because you're not on a level playing field.
 Yeah, the current record is with the current javelin is 98.48 meters, so still less than the
 guy who spun over his head.
 That's amazing.
 So yeah, it's pretty good.
 Good.
 Factional Nuggets.
 Okay, let's move on to fact number two.
 Fact number two is my fact, and that is that some Buddhist monks run marathons to achieve
 enlightenment.
 So this is a, I think, extraordinary endurance test.
 Kind of seems like it's the greatest endurance test on our planet, which is done by these
 monks who are known as the marathon monks, and these marathon monks achieve enlightenment
 by going on these huge thousand day running challenges that go over the course of seven
 years, and each year they have to do 100 days in one chunk of running a distance per day.
 So 30 kilometers for the first 100 days, then they take a break, then they do another 100
 days next year and year two, they do 30 kilometers again per day.
 Number three, it's 30 kilometers again, and it's 30 for four, and then for five they do 200
 day straight.
 On year six it jumps up to 60 kilometers per day for 100 day straight, and then in year
 seven it's 84 kilometers per day for 100 day straight, and then 30 kilometers additional
 100 days after that.
 And if at any point during this whole process they fail to reach the number that they're
 meant to reach on that target, they kill themselves.
 And only 46 people in the hundred years or so that this has been going on had successfully
 completed it.
 So they kill themselves if they haven't already died in the meantime.
 Exactly.
 But if they sort of if they run short by a couple of kilometers, they carry, they dress
 in white because the white is the symbol of the color of death.
 So they're dressed for death.
 They bring a sword and a rope.
 So they can either.
 Sounds a lot.
 A couple of camera.
 Are you sure you've got your packs right?
 Yeah, so they have the option of hanging themselves or of stabbing themselves.
 I think they may not still kill themselves.
 I think they haven't since the since the 19th century, I think it's been officially a bit
 discouraged.
 Yeah, yeah, it's been.
 That's true.
 The original hard.
 I mean, there is an area near the mountain where these monks live in Japan, which is called
 the mountain high.
 I don't know how to pronounce that properly, it's H-I-E-I, and it's littered with unmarked
 graves from the people pre-19th century monks who did not manage to finish and complete
 it and had to kill themselves as a result.
 But the idea is that if you do complete it, you get a medal.
 You get a nice little medal, you get to get it back and those flowers and they still will
 blanket around you for when you finish it.
 Well, actually, you say silver blanket, but one thing that I found out about monks is
 that they have a technique where they can heat themselves up.
 So it's a yoga technique called tummo, and they can enter like a deep meditation, and
 if there's a few monks around each other, and they can have like cold blankets on them,
 and they can heat those blankets in a cold room.
 Wow.
 And other people would die.
 There have been experiments on those guys who had wet blankets put on them, and they
 started steaming until they were completely dry.
 There isn't an endurance swimmer who we've covered on QI on TV, and he is able to raise
 his body temperature by up to one or two degrees, because he swims in very icy water.
 And I wrote to him and asked, is this true, and one of his representatives wrote back and
 said, "Yep, that's what he does."
 Let's go back to crazy monks.
 Yes, yeah.
 Let's do that.
 I'll tell you one more thing about the marathon monks just to bring us back in, which is
 that so 46 people only have ever completed this course.
 I think I've got the number wrong, and it would be great to know when this practice started,
 because I think it's either 100 years ago, 400 years ago, or 1000 years ago.
 But 46 people have completed it.
 One guy did it twice.
 Yeah.
 He's super enlightened.
 Yeah.
 How many marathons has Eddie is up there?
 Yeah, quite a lot.
 No, did he do six days?
 Yeah, Eddie did 43 marathons in 51 days in 2009.
 Also, his marathons were presumably a lot shorter, I'm guessing.
 No, I marathon is always the same distance, no?
 Although, they're not always the same distance.
 The original distance run after the Battle of Marathon was, I think, about 22 miles.
 It wasn't any more than 25, either.
 And there was a lot of early flux.
 But wasn't the first marathon by this guy that had to run from Argos to, like, somewhere else,
 because he was reporting on a battle.
 Oh, OK, the battle I was.
 There had been one.
 It wasn't that we've lost the battle.
 You need to flee immediately, I was, hey, we won, guys.
 OK, right, so it was the Battle of Marathon.
 That's it.
 It wasn't actually called that one marathon, yeah.
 Yeah, it was that one.
 There is a really interesting thing about the official modern marathon length,
 which is that it's 26 miles and 385 yards.
 And it was only, it's only been the case since 1908.
 And it was done to please the British royal family.
 Because Queen Alexandra wanted the race to start on the lawn at Windsor Castle,
 so that her children could watch from the nursery window.
 And then an extra mile was added to the race.
 And then, at the end of the race, 385 yards were added, so that it could finish
 in front of the royal box at the Olympic Stadium in White City.
 So it's all been done an extra mile and 385 yards.
 At the Royal Wim.
 Here's the thing about crazy marathon.
 So as a Italian athlete called Maro Prosperi.
 And in 1994, he was running a marathon in the Moroccan Sahara.
 But he got lost.
 And when they found him nine days later, he'd run 200 kilometers off course into Algeria.
 He'd lost 18 kilograms and only survived by drinking his own urine
 and eating bats that he found in an abandoned mosque.
 Wow.
 But this guy, he had to catch these bats.
 That's pretty impressive as well.
 If he, after running, lose his weight, drinking your own urine,
 still out of the car, now I'm going to catch these bats.
 Wow.
 And he just must have thought he was having a terrible race.
 But he was, he might have thought he was winning.
 Yeah, he's done.
 The other guy's up in here any minute.
 So anyway, he got a bit dispirited as you would after a few days.
 And he wrote a note to his wife and he took a pen knife from his rucksack.
 And he rucksack and he slits his wrists.
 But he was so dehydrated that his blood, his blood thickened so much,
 it clotted the wound so he couldn't even kill himself.
 And then they eventually found him.
 Well, you should have had as a rope or some sword.
 Some sort.
 It's a bit of sword.
 I really like the story of when the modern Olympics came back,
 the very first marathon that was run.
 Because it was a big, it was a big, it was the, I guess,
 big event for Greece.
 The idea that that is what they would win.
 The marathon, the marathon was so rooted in their culture.
 And they already had been disappointed because they lost discus.
 They were furious because that should have been one of the events that they wanted.
 I have a quick thing about that.
 The guy who won the discus had never competed with one of their discuses before.
 He was an American.
 And he had had to practice what made in America, which was extremely heavy.
 And so he got to the real Olympics, completely fluffed his first two goals,
 because he wasn't used to playing with this new discus.
 And then through the winning shows.
 By the way, you're throwing it like a frisbee as well.
 Well, that might be what is the sport move.
 The monkey crouch.
 Yeah.
 Sorry, you were saying about the marathon.
 No, so they've been sort of shamed in the discus.
 They lost it to that man.
 And so they desperately needed the win in the marathon.
 So there were 17 people competing in the marathon.
 And they had good chances of winning as 13 of those athletes were from Greece.
 So that was pretty high odds.
 But it's great, because very early audit the race.
 So it kind of shows you.
 It shows you a different age of sportsmen as well when you hear these stories of how more,
 kind of like they had the right stuff.
 And there was more grit.
 So the early leader in the race was actually a Frenchman runner.
 But he ended up pulling out of the race, because he got to exhaust.
 But mid race, while he was in the lead, he made a stop at a local inn
 to drink a glass of cognac from his future father-in-law.
 So he had time to stop and have two drinks and then carry on.
 But then he dropped out because of exhaustion.
 So the guy who ended up winning was from Greece.
 His name was Spirited and Louise.
 He ran it in two hours and 58 minutes.
 And what fueled him along the way, what his kind of choice of drinks, where he had wine,
 milk, beer, some orange juice, and an Easter egg.
 Brilliant.
 Yeah, that's the winner of the first ever modern Olympic marathon.
 A Easter egg.
 An Easter egg.
 About the guy going into a pub, they used to do that in the Tour de France.
 You know, that lake, whatever the tour would go by a pub or a bar.
 The cyclists would just all get out and on mass run into the bar and just pilfer everything
 they could get on the wine and all the beers and everything like that.
 And they would run out again and then go.
 So all the people who ran bars and that went past the Tour de France thing, they would
 always close down the shutters and try and stop the cyclists from getting in.
 It's always the French, isn't it?
 Eric, as your dad, I've stopped halfway through a race for a glass of orange juice slash wine.
 Well, my dad's English, so no, but he stayed for a nice roast dinner.
 I love it as well.
 The second and third place were won by Greece as well, but the third place winner got to qualify
 because he was later found to have covered part of the course in a carriage.
 In a carriage got a lift.
 No one said it was against the rules.
 That's all I'm saying.
 I think we should move on.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Before we do, Anne, have you got anything for us?
 Oh, I have got so much for you.
 Oh, great.
 So the man, the swimmer who can change his own body temperature is called Lewis Pue, PUGH,
 so that's Pue, let's run with you.
 And he is the only person who has swam long distance in every ocean in the world, including
 the North Pole, which he did wearing goggles, speedos and a cap.
 Wow.
 That was all.
 And CNN, CNN, I've called him the human polar bear, so that's him.
 But the marathon running mugs, they seem to be keeping records since 1885, makes it 129
 years, 46 of them have done it since then.
 Okay.
 Eating bats is not good for you.
 They spread diseases.
 Guinea, actually a few weeks ago, have banned eating bats because they've got an Ebola
 breakout and they're learning the bats for their 62 people, 62 people have died and they
 eat them either in a peppery soup or they drive them out before a fire.
 They advise not eating bats until the Ebola has gone away.
 In terms of eating strange things while you run, it's not quite Easter eggs, but a same
 bolt famously loves his chicken nuggets.
 When he, on the day he won a gold medal in Beijing, they asked him how he did it and he said
 he basically got up late, eight chicken nuggets went back to bed, eight more chicken nuggets
 did the race.
 Such a show off.
 Such a show off.
 Got a world record.
 Apparently you got through a thousand chicken nuggets over the Beijing Olympics, which
 worked out 100 a day.
 That's a marathon, that's like a marathon monk, but that's the equivalent of two actual
 chickens, which is pretty impressive.
 That has not been factored.
 If you're listening to the man, that's for you.
 Okay, on to fact number three and that is yours, James.
 Okay, my fact this week is the Slovakian and Slovenian embassies in Washington meet once
 a month to exchange wrongly-addressed mail.
 That's fantastic.
 Isn't that great?
 I just, this came from a website, SlovakRepublic.org, I think it seems to be pretty kosher.
 This Slovak website, I've got a special section of the website saying, "We are not Slovenia."
 They've got a load of examples.
 Apparently, George W. Bush once said, "The only thing I know about Slovakia is what
 I learned first-hand from your foreign minister who came to Texas, and their foreign minister
 had never been to Texas.
 It was the Slovenian foreign minister who'd been there before."
 Oh really?
 It's difficult, George W.
 It's not just him, Silvio Berlusconi introduced Slovenian Prime Minister Anton Rupp to the
 crowd of journalists saying, "I'm very happy to be here today with the Prime Minister
 of Slovakia."
 It's very easily done.
 It does happen for these countries that we find that we keep seeing examples of people
 putting a minimum effort into actually working out who they are, remember that famous incident
 with the National Anthem for Kazakhstan, up on the podium, this girl with one gold medal,
 and then they play the Borat version.
 The lyrics are in, "The lyrics are like we have the cleanest prostitutes in the region."
 Kazakhstan's prostitutes are the cleanest in the region, except, of course, for Turkmenistan.
 Kazakhstan, Kazakhstan, you varied eyes place, come grasp the mighty penis of our leader from
 junction with Testi's to Tipov at space.
 That's what she stood there for.
 Going back to the Slovak thing, there was a Slovak cultural group in America, and they
 had a big map of their country, and there was an old guy came in, and he was looking around
 and they asked what he was doing, and he was trying to find his grandfather's village, because
 his grandfather was from there.
 But then his wife came over to him and she looked at the sign and said, "You're not Slovakia
 Slovenian!"
 Some of his guy got his whole life thinking of Slovakia, then he was actually Slovenian.
 If they don't know, how can you know, the rest of the world know?
 That's great.
 Yeah, I read about, there was a new couple, I think they just got married, and they wanted
 to get a flight to Sydney, and they bought the flight, and it was a lot cheaper than they
 thought.
 And when they got there, they found out that they'd actually gone to Sydney Nova Scotia by accident.
 This is, unlike Jars, you're from Sydney, aren't you?
 Unlike Jars Sydney, this is a former mining town with a population of 26,083, and one of the
 highest unemployment rates in Canada.
 It does have a very nice opera house.
 Well, this couple, they said, "Oh, we're just going to make the most of it," and they were
 looking forward to looking at the pickup trucks and eating the local lobster.
 Brilliant.
 That's fantastic.
 Yeah, that's a good opportunity.
 Yeah.
 Okay, so I was looking at other mix-ups, and I saw a newspaper story.
 The FDA in America was warning people not to mix up the prescription eyedrops called
 Juresol, with the acid-containing watt-remover Juresol.
 Apparently, these are two medicines with very similar names, and people have been putting
 this acid in their eyes, thinking it was eyedrops.
 Oh, my God.
 And that got me to thinking if there's any other medicines with similar names and what could
 happen.
 I found a brilliant list online of commonly confused medicines.
 So there's a drug called Allegra, which is a drug often used for the temporary relief
 of runny nose, and people keep getting that mixed up with Viagra.
 Ah.
 That's their excuse.
 Yeah.
 But there's something that actually helps to cook carrots and potatoes.
 It's called Vegicil.
 Some people confuse it.
 And there was another thing called Bino.
 This was a company name, and it was an anti-gas thing.
 If you've got a bit of gas, you take this Bino, and it makes you feel better.
 But people were mistaking it for B&O, which is Beladonna and Opium.
 Oh, wow.
 And anything to add?
 Just another Slovakia Slovenia.
 They've basically got really similar flags as well, which doesn't help.
 They've got a white blue red stripe with a shield on the front.
 Shields are different, everything else is the same.
 So Slovenia have done a contest to find a new flag, but I don't think they've adopted it
 yet, which will distinguish them.
 And then there's a professor from the University of...
 The University of Libliyana, who said he reckons a problem with the confusion, is that Slovenia
 hasn't got a brand.
 Finland is Nokia and Sweden has like here, and they need their own brand.
 But someone suggested Slovenia becomes the one-hour country, because you can get everywhere
 within an hour.
 It's very small.
 And then with the confusion as well, there was that thing at the London Olympics when the
 North Korean women's football team walked off, because they showed the South Korean flag,
 not the North Korean.
 That's very embarrassing.
 They did not go down well welcoming them with the wrong flag.
 And just at the end, you're Bino, and there was a second Dennis Menis who made his debut
 in America.
 Of course, literally within five days of being debuted, yeah, the Americas, Dennis Menis,
 and they had a very similar look, and they were done completely independently of each other.
 It was like deep impact in Armageddon.
 I'm from Bonteno and Dante's peak.
 Yep.
 Any others?
 Um, Genesis and Exodus.
 The bands?
 No.
 So, let's move on to our final fact of the show, and we come on to Mr. Andy Murray.
 Andy.
 Okay.
 My fact is, in the 18th century, there were genuine medsons called Alan's nipple liniment,
 Grimston's eye snuff, Miller's worm plums, and Italian bussam friend.
 Do you know what was in any of them, or...
 Well, somebody said that Grimston's eye snuff was just pepper, just black pepper ground
 up.
 But a lot of patent medsons really consisted only of sort of 50% alcohol, so they were...
 And a lot of them, we call them patent medsons, of course, all these fantastically named old
 hamlin's wizard oil.
 Just, you know, beautifully named...
 How I want that.
 Yeah.
 Sugar plums for worms, aromatic lozen jizz of steel, cockings, coff lozen jizz, gingerbread
 worm cakes.
 For some of them that did have active ingredients, there was one called Mrs. Winslow's soothing
 syrup.
 And that was a mainly a baby's and children, and it contained a full gram of morphine per ounce.
 And cops' baby friend, that was another baby one.
 Cops' baby friend.
 And the label there boasted 8.5% alcohol and 1/8th grain sulfate of opium per ounce.
 And that was marketed to help baby sleep.
 Yeah.
 You could buy heroin, couldn't you, in the first world war, to send to troops on the front
 line?
 Yeah.
 But I didn't harrods, I think.
 Really, I think so.
 Still can, I think.
 I'm not.
 It's a count.
 Yeah, but behind harrods.
 We should fact.
 (LAUGHTER)
 Has anyone heard about, during the Middle Ages, when there was the Black Death, that Farts
 in a jar was a thing that was prescribed for people?
 Yeah, the idea was that if you conditioned the smell of something quite disgusting,
 to your nose by the time, if there was an outbreak of Black Death around you, you would become
 accustomed to that kind of smell, so it kind of made you immune to what was going to happen.
 So you would go to the doctor, and they would give you a fart in a jar.
 I don't know if it was your own fart, or if it was a pre-packaged fart, and you would
 go home with it.
 And then you would rip open the lid, have a sniff.
 In case of emergency brake glass.
 (LAUGHTER)
 Rake wind.
 (LAUGHTER)
 That's incredible.
 What is that, like an early version of the vaccination idea?
 Sort of.
 Making small doses of a poison to build up a resistance, which is the Roman Emperor's
 did.
 Yes, exactly.
 To build up the resistance.
 You were not putting up a resistance to your own farts.
 Well, it was fair enough, when I had, which I've been doing for years.
 When I had my appendix taken out, they cut in testing by accident, and stomach acid
 was pouring out, and I was digesting myself, right?
 So I was in hospital for like three months, and you know, I wasn't allowed to eat anything,
 so because I wasn't allowed to eat anything, because nothing worked, I also confirmed.
 So there was gas trapped inside, and the nurses did say, "You're allowed to leave or eat
 when you can fart," and it took me two months to essentially release any gas.
 And when it came out, it was the worst thing I've ever, ever, ever, but what was also really
 horrible was that I had to call the nurse to make a smell it.
 (LAUGHTER)
 Which is the opposite.
 I have a feeling you didn't really have to call out.
 She's probably already ringing your taxi.
 She's probably got a matching story about the worst thing she's ever smelled, and he called
 me in to smell it, it wasn't that.
 The other cool thing about a lot of these medicines that I really like is that beyond all the
 kind of crazy names they had, some of them probably worked better than a lot of medical
 alternatives, which were being touted by real doctors, I doctors with medical degrees
 at the time.
 Right.
 And things like homeopathy, in the 18th century, homeopathy was your best bet, because all the
 other medicines were more likely to kill you and likely to kill you quite fast.
 So that, I think, has accounted for a lot of alternative and complementary medicines today,
 still being popular, is that it had an initial lead.
 Yeah.
 They used to call them snake oil salesmen, they still do a little bit, don't they?
 Yeah.
 And I remember reading that actually snake oil is good for you.
 If someone sold you some snake oil, it contains 20% of omega-3s, which is a thing that people
 like to take, it's supposed to be good for your heart, and salmon, which is one thing that
 people do take for omega-3 on the contains 18%.
 So actually snake oil would do you a bit of good?
 I think it's all these medicines, it's trial and error.
 So at the beginning of medicine time, you know, trying some honey with hedgehog hair, you
 never know.
 You'd be like, yeah, just try that.
 Yeah.
 For your eyes.
 For your eyes, probably as well.
 The last thing when you're in pain, you're a little bit delirious, and you'll turn to your
 friend, your internet friend, just to go, what do I take?
 And they'll just say, oh, yeah, just do that.
 And you will do it.
 Yeah.
 There's a group of people in the Amazon who they like to put snakes down their trousers
 to bite their penises, which gives them length and directions, and I wonder how they
 found that out.
 They're really just trying to cure their runny noses, that's what they claim.
 I was reading a lot about placebo, in relation to, you know, this kind of medicine.
 This is incredible.
 There was a drug introduced in the 70s called Cymetadine, which cured 80% of stomach ulcers.
 Now as time passed, it felt just 50% of stomach ulcers which it cured.
 And this seems to have occurred after the introduction of renitadine, which is a competing
 and it was supposedly a better, more effective drug.
 So people think that the placebo effect of the initial drug stopped working because doctors
 knew there was another supposedly better drug, and that's why the success rate fell.
 Because doctors have also been tested giving medicine to patients, and half of them have
 said, I think this is a really good drug.
 I'm very excited about it.
 It's shown really well in trials.
 And half of them have said, I'm not sure about this, but take it anyway, see if it does
 be good, patients have reported much less pain with the first sample adopted, same pill.
 It's incredible.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 And placebo injections are more effective than placebo pills, because it's more dramatic
 intervention.
 It feels culturally people think that.
 I wonder if placebo works with all of these really weird things that they did in the
 light, the middle ages and stuff like that.
 So like, for instance, in the 14th century, one reason, one way that you could cure impotence
 was to wear your trousers on your head for 24 hours.
 It's hard to imagine the placebo effect work in that.
 It's hard to imagine finding anyone who wants to have sex with you after you're on the
 village all day with the trousers on your head.
 Speak for yourself.
 The placebo effect doesn't always work, though.
 I was reading about Greek philosopher Heraclitus, who spent the last day of his life laying
 the sun, covered in cow dung, convinced it would cure him, and it didn't work.
 Curum of, from what, friendship?
 Perfectly right, just to add that it was until 1916 that you could buy cocaine and heroin
 at Harrods.
 I thought this was a joke or not, but in the article it said, you could buy gift packs of
 both the send to soldiers.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 That's true.
 It was a very nice little Christmas gift.
 I had fun when you were talking, watching the weirdest YouTube video I've ever seen
 about how to bottle your farts, so thanks for that.
 According to N-miniac, the way to do it is to do it while you're in the bath, because that's
 how you can best direct said fart to jar, but what I quite like was he began his video by
 washing out the jar before he put the farts in.
 Oh, yeah, you don't want to get that jar dirty.
 Yeah.
 I just sort of quickly add that from the website that I got the farts in the jar from,
 there was a line at the bottom talking about, because it gave examples of how it was done
 and so on.
 It's sounds funny now, but the plague was no joke.
 OK, that's it for another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish.
 That's all of our facts.
 Thanks so much, everyone, for listening.
 If you want to get in touch with us to question us about anything, you can get us all on Twitter.
 I'm on @triberland, James.
 I am @egshaped and Andy, your aunt, Andrew Hunter, and special guests, honorary elf Eric Lampair.
 It's my name, Eric Lampair, Eric Lampair.
 Eric Lampair.
 And of course, if you want to explore any of the topics that we've spoken about a bit more,
 you can head to the qi.com/podcastpage, where we're going to have lots of links, we're
 going to have videos, we're going to have pictures, anything that we've spoken about, hopefully
 will be up there for you to explore more.
 And we're going to be back again next week with another podcast.
 So we'll see you then.
 Thanks for listening.
 Goodbye.
 [Music]
 [Music]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
