 Hey Clubfish members, it is Dan here. Welcome to your bonus compilation episode.
 This is all of the outtakes, all of the bloopers, the tangents, basically all the bits that
 didn't fit into the main narrative of the episodes. But stuff that we didn't want to get rid
 of and so we've brought it all together here in one handy compilation. But before we
 get into it, I just want to remind anyone who hasn't seen the news. We're doing a couple
 of live shows very soon. We are going to be playing the London podcast festival. And the
 fun thing about this is usually it's just a gig and I believe the two gigs are actually
 sold out if you want to be there physically. However, we're going to be live streaming
 the gigs. Now in the past, I know this has been really fun because as you're watching the
 live stream, you can actually comment underneath as the show is going along. It's a really
 cool way of meeting fellow fish listeners if you've not done that before. So why not check
 it out. The link is on our website. We're doing the fifth and sixth of September. We've partially
 announced the guest who's going to be joining us on the sixth and that is Richard Osman.
 So that's going to be really awesome. We'll be announcing our other guest very soon for
 the fifth. But as I say, tickets are available. You can watch it as it's happening live on
 stage. So we've also got another live show announcement coming up. We'll be announcing
 at the top of this week's show. So keep a listen out for that in case it happens to be
 in a town near you. And that's it for the admin. So let's get on with it. This is a big
 old chunky compilation episode. Here we go.
 Yeah, you mentioned Braveheart in this time and the Battle of Sterling Bridge happened
 then. I like this from Wikipedia. The Battle of Sterling Bridge is depicted in the 1995
 film Braveheart, but it bears little resemblance to the real battle. Most egregiously, there
 being no bridge. But that is the time when supposedly the Scots lifted their kilts and
 showed their bums. It's interesting to show it to scare the English, but we have no evidence
 to that happen. There's no contemporary evidence to that happen. But we do have a 40th century
 account of the English doing that against the Scottish jury in those wars.
 Dropping their trousers. Yeah, really? In the Chronicle of Peter Langtoft, they mentioned
 the English doing that. No way. And did it what did scare the Scots? Or did it make them
 think, oh, open target? I think we haven't seen before, you know? We've all got them,
 you know? Why are they, why are they triangular? Giants? Yeah. You know how they've got the
 point at the front? Yeah. They're shaped like a boat, basically. Yes, yeah. I think to carve
 a route through the close, much like a boat through the water. Probably for a shape,
 the opposite. It would be harder to do the ironing. I think so. Why don't you try doing
 it backwards next time? That's a really good idea. That's a really good idea. And why is
 the shape lined up with my shirt on back to the front? You're not there. My head's on your
 head. I'd be frantically searching for the why. We used to have double pointed back to
 front reversible ones, which would save you having the whole trousers on your head, Palava.
 I would see like a sort of, like a leaf, I suppose. Like a canoe. Or a canoe. Yes. And keep
 the boat analogy going. Yeah. Which we should do throughout. And these were the most popular
 iron from about 1870 to the 1930s, 40s when electric irons came in. And they were invented
 by this woman called Mary Pots. So she basically invented the iron that people were using in
 the late 19th, early 20th century. And she got lots of patterns for it. So she made it hollow.
 So it wasn't as heavy. And it also didn't get so dangerously hot because she filled the
 inside with wool or something non-heat conducting. Because people were constantly burning their
 hands. And she invented the removable handle. So you could constantly have, you could be
 heating up one iron while you were using the other. And then you could swap the iron onto
 the handle. That's really Palava. Why can't they both just have a handle? Sorry, I mean,
 where's the handle would probably heat up, right? Get super hot. Yeah. Yeah. It's like
 when you cook an egg, sometimes that handle got like go. I don't hold onto the pan all
 the way through the cooking process. You've got to rip the rim of the pan with both hands
 ideally. As the saying goes, a held part always boils. John Harvey Kellogg. Okay. Cornflakes
 pioneer and anti-fiddling around with yourself. Yep. Advocate. Go back to early episodes to see
 what the hell that's referring to. Yes. We won't tell you which one. We answer all 580.
 I believe he invented an early sunbed. He believed it could cure almost everything. And there
 was a big thing of sun therapy where high altitude sunbathing in particular, because it gave
 you supposedly more unfiltered ultraviolet rays, which was especially good for you at the
 time, as we now know is not the case. It's weird because there were some truths to this
 idea at the time. I guess Kellogg thought that it filled your skin with blood, which drew
 blood away from your diseased organs, which wasn't correct. But the seventh did, in fact,
 install one of his sun baths in the palace in 1903, where you sat in a chair, which was
 fully enclosed, and it had 52 light bulbs around you that could glow any colour for different
 health benefits. Right. But at the same time that one of the first Nobel Prizes was awarded
 for discovering the benefits of light therapy on tuberculosis and TB. Yeah, exactly. Which
 was basically true, Neil's finson. Yeah. And then the open lots of salaria, didn't they
 all over Europe, which were basically for patients who were sick with stuff where you
 had these amazing sunning hospitals, which the NHS would never fund today. But where you
 could lie in this room, and the entire roof would retract on a sunny day, so you could be
 exposed to the sun, or giant balconies where your whole big bed would be wheeled out
 onto them. Yeah. And that was, was good for you. Yeah. But I don't know about the Kellogg
 - No, it doesn't cure gout and constipation like Kellogg claimed.
 - If you go to the beach and you get a suntan, then it's mostly due to the sun.
 - Carry on professor.
 - However, not point, not, not, not, not, not, not, not, not,
 1% of the radiation comes from stars beyond the galaxy.
 - Oh, that's great.
 - Because it's photons coming from, you know, from outer outer space that come onto our earth.
 And a certain amount of those photons will go into your body and they will cause your body to sound.
 - That's so cool.
 - If you get a night suntan, and how, I suppose it would take too long.
 - I think it would take too long given the number of zeros in that number.
 - So with that photon, that's travelled billions of miles across the universe.
 Is that the endpoint?
 - Your absorbs into your body.
 - For the endpoint for this, so ton of lights, that is travelled.
 - Is that true? Is that what it would be?
 - Yeah, it would itself into your body.
 - Wow, I read a thing as well that not only do we get that not point, not, not whatever it is,
 percentage of our suntan from the stars beyond our sun, but also from the leftover of the big bang.
 - Yeah, that's plausible.
 - Tarn of the big bang, a bang tan.
 Cool.
 - That's pretty well.
 - That's awesome.
 - Really good.
 - There's another one.
 This one definitely has some kind of meaning to it.
 So in Melanesian legend, they had two gods called Tagaro and Sukumatuwa.
 And they shared the work of creation.
 But whenever Tagaro did something, he did it well.
 And Sukumatuwa did it really badly.
 And so when they made trees, Tagaro made really nice food.
 And Sukumatuwa was really bitter, and stuff like that.
 Sukumatuwa wanted to have men sleep in the trunks of sego palms.
 But Tagaro thought, no, they should live in houses instead and stuff like that.
 And when they created men, Tagaro said that humans should have anuses.
 But Sukumatuwa said, no, they definitely shouldn't have anuses.
 And as a result, the ones that he made swelled up and burst because they could not defecate.
 - Again, it's the meaning. Do the job properly? Do you work?
 - I think it's like literally half of it.
 - It's like the, don't zero ask it.
 It's like the Yin and the Yang, right?
 It's like you always have to have the, not good and evil in this case,
 but sort of good and not very good.
 - Right, right, right.
 And it's, yeah, yeah.
 I think we've just invented a new phrase.
 I think we could just say, you've no asked this.
 - Yeah.
 - He's really no asked that project.
 - I think that's good.
 - I think like the bass language actually is quite good for onomatopoeic words.
 - Right.
 - So words that sound like they're supposed to be.
 So do you know what pill pill?
 - It's your medicine?
 - A pill.
 - Yeah, two pills.
 - No, no, it's onomatopoeic.
 It's going to sound like the thing pill pill.
 - A laser, a laser, a space laser in a film.
 - Oh, yeah.
 - Oh, that would be pew, pew.
 - Oh, yes.
 - It's the word for boiling liquid.
 - Okay, nice to see you.
 - Tren, pull pill.
 - Tren.
 - T-tren again.
 - Tren.
 - Tren.
 - Tren.
 - Tren.
 - Tren.
 - Tren.
 - Tren.
 - Tren.
 - Tren.
 - Tren.
 - Tren.
 - Tren.
 - Tren.
 - Tren.
 - Tren.
 - Tren.
 - Tren.
 - Tren.
 - Tren.
 - And what about this one?
 Chiza.
 - Chiza.
 - Chiza.
 - Chiza.
 (laughing)
 Yes, it's their word for Tom Jones.
 (laughing)
 No, did he say no, I don't know.
 And it's their word for urinating.
 Jesus, she's a, she's a, she's a, she's a, she's a,
 she's a, like piss, pissing, I guess.
 Oh, not the sound that comes out,
 'cause I'd see a doctor if it's saying,
 Jesus.
 (laughing)
 I'm not sure, I think the most first of a girl,
 I don't quite understand that last one.
 I think actually maybe the word piss
 is quite onomatopoeic.
 Well, yeah.
 It's my fluid, isn't it?
 You're right, yes.
 Do you know the word bum is onomatopoeic?
 Bum.
 You mean our word bum, the word itself.
 Is it, oh, 'cause it looks like a,
 that's the only thing.
 That's the only thing.
 Onomatopoeic means it makes the noise.
 Yes.
 So, it's like a fat noise, basically.
 Bum, bum.
 That's interesting.
 It's the OED, anyway.
 What's it called then, what I've just mentioned,
 when a word looks like this object?
 I don't know if there's a word for that.
 I think it's called being made up.
 Bed looks a bit like a bed,
 'cause you've got the two posts at either end,
 and then you've got the curly mattress
 going all the way along.
 A famously, Dan said that the word golf
 looks like someone playing golf,
 'cause the O is the ball,
 and the L is the club, and the F is the flag.
 Is the word string that?
 Word string looks like a long piece of string,
 if you laid it out in the shape of the word string.
 Can I do it?
 Yeah.
 Really?
 We need a word for this.
 It's easy to dance if there isn't one, make it up.
 Yeah.
 They have strong links with the UK, actually,
 the BASC people, because they used to be ships,
 which would import English coal to the BASC region,
 and then the sons of the BASC bourgeoisie
 would go to England to be educated,
 and that, James, is it true that there is a club
 called Athletic Club Bill Bale?
 Oh, yeah.
 That was the biggest football teams in Spain.
 There we go.
 I think that team is because of that link with the UK,
 and with England, which had obviously, you know,
 where football was being developed.
 Right.
 I think it's Athletic Bill Bale.
 It's one of them down there where they only
 have BASC footballers who play for them,
 certainly until very recently,
 that you had to live within,
 or be born within 10 miles of the ground,
 otherwise you couldn't play for them.
 Pretty sure that's right.
 Nice.
 We used to get a lot of BASC iron from there,
 and they had the best iron in the world in the BASC country.
 In Hamlet, there is a line which is the mutinies
 in the Bilbo's, and they're referring to the shackles.
 The Bilbo's are the shackles that prisoners are using
 when they're in a boat.
 And that word Bilbo comes from the city of Bilbao,
 which is one of the biggest cities in the BASC region.
 And actually also is where Bilbo Baggins gets his name.
 Yeah.
 Interesting.
 Yeah, named after Bilbao, because,
 and that I think that talking got it from Shakespeare,
 it Shakespeare got it from the city.
 Right.
 That's terrific.
 Bilbo Baggins.
 Yeah.
 He's kind of, he's a bit cooler, isn't he?
 Yeah.
 Bilbo Baggins.
 He's staying up late.
 He's having some delicious pintos.
 It's got a sexy Spanish accent.
 I like it.
 I like him better.
 Can I just tell you one more thing about a Canadian lake?
 There is a lake with an island in it,
 and the island in the lake is bigger than the lake.
 Oh, okay, I'm sorry.
 Manacuaguan reservoir.
 It's in Quebec.
 Just how can, how can that be?
 So it's a ring, a quiet, a ring around.
 It's a ring around, basically.
 An annular lake.
 So basically, it was created by a meteorite.
 And then it was an upswell of land.
 So it's like a circular island.
 And then a circular lake.
 But the lake is only just wider than the island.
 So the water is just the ring around it.
 If that makes sense, very cool.
 It's like a kid's water park.
 Like a kid's water park.
 But how's the island bigger than the--
 Because the area of the lake is only
 the bit where the water is, which just goes around it.
 Oh, okay, okay.
 I thought you were saying that the island had grown
 like a mushroom and expanded beyond the lake.
 Well, the other thing is that--
 no, I didn't say that.
 But the other thing is that there's
 a little mountain on it.
 So the surface area of the island would be more as well,
 because it goes upwards as well as flowers.
 Oh, that's very cool.
 Anyway, that's just a thing.
 That's-- I mean, that's where the water slide would go.
 Top of the mountain, slide into the circular--
 The rubber ring, the laser ribber.
 The rubber ring, the laser ribber, thank you.
 Baseball players also love sunflower seeds, apparently,
 in the USA.
 To such an extent that Major League Baseball
 had to ban sunflower seed eating during 2020, why--
 COVID.
 COVID.
 I need the answer to any question where
 the word 2020 is in there.
 James, next time I'd appreciate a bit more
 having it all.
 Oh, the littler.
 Was it something to do with the first six weeks of 2020?
 It's because players were spitting.
 When they true, then they spit.
 And that was cracked down on.
 And they said, we can't trust you to eat sunflower seeds
 in not spit.
 They also banned after-game showers.
 I presume for the same reason, because they spit in them.
 No, I don't-- sorry.
 To COVID, I guess.
 To sexy.
 To sexy?
 I don't think that was the worry, wasn't it?
 A communal after-game showers?
 I think you were allowed to have a shower by yourself.
 I don't know.
 It wasn't too sexy.
 It wasn't like they couldn't help snobby each other
 as soon as they got in.
 I don't know what you think happens after a spotting event.
 I have never been close enough to a sporting event
 to find out.
 Is that as soon as the final whistle goes, everyone's
 kids are-- I'm making it up.
 Oh, fuck, everyone.
 Dylan Thomas and his wife, Caitlin,
 had an open relationship.
 So they were sleeping left, right in the centre.
 They had three kids together and Caitlin--
 With other people, right?
 Yeah, I'm just sleeping with friends.
 But I quite like the idea of an open relationship
 if it means you get to sleep a lot.
 Maybe.
 That sounds lovely.
 Yeah.
 Going around with a mattress strap to your back.
 This is just for maps.
 It was a definitely open.
 I thought they always got pissed off
 with each other when the other one had affairs.
 I think he did a lot of womanizing.
 He did shudders of womanizing.
 I don't know how much she did.
 She did a bunch.
 She said it was a miracle that her three kids
 were the children of Dylan because it was touch and go.
 But I think it wasn't an open relationship.
 If you're only touching it, then going
 is not going to be the other guy's kids.
 Santa, how it works?
 That's what the phone said to you.
 OK.
 Do you remember those TV shows that used
 to be on where you'd call up in the middle of the night?
 And it would be a competition you entered and you'd
 win a car or something.
 Well, you'd never win.
 Well, so there was one where there was this old man
 on the phone and he got through in there.
 And it was always really easy quiz questions.
 And the question was like, you'll win a car
 if you aren't this.
 Just tell me one word that starts with the word under.
 And this old man went, under milk word.
 Oh, he didn't win the car because it's not a word.
 No, it's not a word.
 All right, it's under pressure.
 Yeah.
 Also not a word.
 What?
 Call it number three.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Singaporeans, long hair, a famous band.
 Back when long hair was a symbol of resistance to the man.
 What year?
 Yeah, so do you know when that roughly when it stopped?
 Yeah, it was when it stopped.
 Yeah.
 I think it would have stopped in the early '80s.
 OK.
 Yeah, it happened.
 It stopped in the late '80s.
 Was it late '80s?
 Around the time of the war on piss?
 Oh, yeah.
 Maybe once they ended the band, they thought
 we freed up our judicial resources to wage war on left wing.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, there was a Japanese guy called Kitaro
 who was forced to cancel a gig in 1984 because he was long hair.
 Was he?
 And the Beeju's famously out to--
 they were given-- you could sometimes
 get a pass, a long hair pass.
 And I think one year, they came to do a gig,
 and they got 48 hour pass, because basically,
 they didn't want Singapore and Singapore
 didn't want its own people.
 It just seems like after 46 hours someone's chasing you
 with some clippers, it looks like Cinderella.
 [LAUGHTER]
 They're running-- they're running to the gates of the airport.
 That's wonderful airport.
 They're very followed by the scissors, man.
 What was the result of them if they got busted?
 Like, how bad is the--
 That was-- I think you've got a large final.
 You've got a forced to cut off your hair.
 Oh, OK.
 It's not death sentence.
 They're just running away.
 Not staying alive.
 Not staying alive.
 Yeah, I don't think death sentence for the Beeju's.
 Right.
 But then the next year, they weren't given a pass.
 So I think it might have all been employed.
 There's a lot to stop the Beeju's coming back after.
 They didn't like it the first time.
 There was, if you were ever needed the government for anything.
 So let's say you needed to get some social security,
 or you needed someone to help you with some building permit
 or something that would be signs that said,
 males with one hair will be attended to last.
 So you just go to the back of the queue.
 Ouch.
 Yeah, that is strange.
 And long hair, the definition of quite stringent,
 all the beetles would have failed.
 It's like long hair is the definition
 is that if it covers your ears, or if it touches your eyebrows.
 Interesting.
 So Dan, I think if you didn't juice up your hair,
 whatever it is you do with that front bit--
 I juice it up, yeah.
 I think about my stretch to your eyebrows.
 [LAUGHTER]
 OK.
 I wonder if that would trick them though.
 If you could, if you did juice it up into a quick
 as you went to security.
 Yeah, I don't think so.
 I think they see through that.
 Or maybe a cool horn.
 Yeah, yeah.
 I mean, it is.
 How interesting.
 If you weigh in a public toilet in Singapore,
 you are legally required to flush.
 Really?
 OK.
 Like still to this day.
 I believe so.
 Yeah, right.
 It is in the rule.
 I saw that.
 And the fine from first fence is up to 1,000 pounds.
 But there is a further thing that says that it is $5,000
 for every day or part thereof during which
 the fence continues after conviction.
 So in theory, if you go for a wee and you don't flush,
 and then no one else uses that toilet for like three weeks,
 you'd have to pay $500 for each time in theory.
 Do they rope it off and say, you have to be the one
 to go back to doing it?
 In actual fact, that bit of the law
 is due to another part of the--
 it's a public sanitation law.
 And that part is referring really to something else.
 It's like people digging up pipes when they shouldn't be.
 But technically, according to law, if you don't flush,
 and no one flushes it for a year,
 you'd have to pay $180,000.
 And all their exemptions, if it's the middle of the night,
 and you didn't want to wake anyone up.
 I think that's fine.
 I think that's fine.
 Did you hear about the experimental lakes area in Canada?
 I loved this.
 No.
 Canada has so many lakes.
 They have set aside 58 in Ontario alone, specifically
 for scientific research.
 And they've spent 50 years studying these 58 lakes.
 And it's like a scientific playground, basically.
 So they study acid rain and they study algae blooms.
 And in 2018, they spilled 90 gallons of oil
 into one of the lakes on purpose.
 Because when you have an oil spill,
 normally people just rush there with cotton buds
 and clean up the birds and clean up the oil all of that.
 They were trying to work out how it moves.
 How do you deal with it?
 That kind of thing.
 Like maybe it just starts itself out.
 Maybe it just starts itself.
 And that's what they found.
 We've been wasting our time cleaning it up.
 Or Eastrogen going into the water, like synthetic Eastrogen
 in sort of medicines and things like that.
 What does that do to fish?
 Yes.
 Because it changes the sex of loads of fish and all of this.
 So they're like crash test dummy lakes
 that have massively improved water quality
 across the whole planet.
 Interesting.
 Because the results can be found
 and, you know, quite across the world.
 It's really cool.
 Well, there's also this lake, which is super scientifically
 important because it seems to represent
 how humans have messed up the world.
 This is also in Canada.
 And this is so--
 this is called Crawford Lake.
 It's 24 meters deep, but it's quite small.
 And this is when-- there's this big debate
 about whether we're in the Anthropocene area yet.
 And so the holocene has been a few thousand years.
 And then the Anthropocene is defined as the epoch
 where humans are having the biggest effect on the environment.
 And every new era-- I didn't know this--
 every new era has to have a location,
 a place that represents it.
 And it was decided this tiny little lake in Ontario, Crawford Lake,
 represented it because it's so deep, but so small,
 that the bottom waters don't mix with the top waters.
 So all the sediment that's been laid down on it over the years
 doesn't get messed around.
 So if you take a big bit of segment,
 a big cross section of sediment, look on it.
 You can see the mark of humans.
 So the first nuclear test immediately
 appears in your study of the sediment
 when fossil fuels started to be increased in use.
 That immediately appears in the sediment.
 So there's a big thing.
 Is Crawford Lake the start of the new epoch?
 And they've decided that no, it's not.
 Right.
 So they've decided we're not in the Anthropocene area.
 We're not in the Anthropocene area.
 If we were, it would be Crawford Lake.
 But I feel like if they went for another lake
 that wasn't in the middle of nowhere,
 they might have worked out that actually we are in it.
 Or we would have got more press at least.
 Yeah, if they had gone to like the Aral Sea or something.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Or somewhere where, you know,
 it's all dried up or there's just radiation there or something.
 They're really strict about the definition of a new epoch.
 Yeah, yes, yes.
 Yeah, it's a big deal, isn't it?
 Exactly.
 You can't just go naming them Willie Nile.
 Does feel like we're there though.
 Oh, one of us, one of us around this table,
 will have had it more.
 I'm afraid not James that's it back down.
 Sorry, they experienced parodolia more parodolia.
 And can we guess it based on knowledge of each other?
 Absolutely.
 It's got to be Ibeth, golfer's idiots or women.
 Does feel like that.
 Maybe, maybe.
 James has ruled out.
 Well, James have it less because of his affentasia thing.
 Face blindness.
 Yeah, I don't know whether that means James has it less.
 I mean, he's all the devil of that pachora one time.
 So I think he's got it.
 OK.
 I'll try and find the picture of that pachora
 and put it on my Instagram.
 I think I can do it.
 Is it me because I wear glasses?
 And the lenses might give me little, little different
 remiserizing.
 No, it's not.
 So let's-- can we please wrap this up?
 Yes, all right.
 It's got to be within why it's not just women.
 Is it people who eat sushi on the train?
 You'd normally see the back of people's heads
 as they walk away along the carriage from you.
 No, it's mums.
 It's mums-- this is a study in biology letters.
 Scientists showed 380 women, a collection of images.
 And the women who had given birth in the last year
 were likely to see faces and to perceive more face-like images
 in what they saw.
 And it might be due to more oxytocin.
 We don't know.
 But it might be sort of primitive, nurturing instincts.
 Oxytocin.
 I know.
 So on my feet hurt, yeah, it's oxytocin.
 Oxytocin, yeah, yeah.
 But babies have it, too.
 So babies will spend longer looking at collections of dots
 and dashes that look a bit like a face than random dots
 and dashes, even after a few minutes of life.
 So it's a really deep program thing.
 There's face-finding stuff like that.
 Even before life, depending on when you think life starts,
 a book from time to time, this would be so easy.
 I don't want the inbox.
 We have-- the inbox is a busy place, honey.
 I'm so sorry.
 But even before they're born, babies have it,
 which I find extraordinary, because they've never seen a face.
 But they did an experiment a few years ago
 where they shone a triangle of three lights, three lit dots
 at a woman's uterus, basically, through her skin.
 And they monitored what the fetus was doing inside.
 And if the triangle has the two dots on the top
 and the one dot on the bottom, then the fetus would move around
 and crane its head towards it to look at it.
 But if it had the two dots on the bottom and the one
 dot at the top, so it oriented not like a face,
 the fetus wouldn't care.
 Wow.
 And it's never seen a face.
 That's what's going on there.
 And I've got a mirror in there.
 What is going on there?
 Do they have to put it upside down,
 because babies are sometimes upside down in the womb?
 That's a really good point.
 They must have, wasn't they?
 Yeah.
 Otherwise, the experiment is a complete wash.
 Oh my god, Andy, you should write to them, check.
 A lot of people seem to leave bomb threats on sick bags,
 which seems quite an annoying thing to do.
 And over the years, there are constant articles of--
 someone is misspelled, so I think in 2017,
 there was a fight from Sydney that had to be completely
 evacuated, because a bag said B-O-M, which doesn't--
 I don't know if you just seem they even meant bomb.
 There was another one that was found--
 Wait, was that not the one where they were going to Bombay?
 I'm sure there was one that happened once.
 Right.
 They wrote sort of like N-A-N to B-O-M,
 because it was Manchester to Mumbai.
 And they saw the bomb and they thought it was a bomb.
 That's really funny.
 I think these guys were going to not Bombay,
 but I can imagine that would have happened.
 Can I check?
 Is this people who are getting off a plane
 and are playing a kind of sick prank as they leave?
 They just write the word bomb on the sick bag
 and then they get off?
 We think so, yes.
 Which I thought the clean is a better job than that.
 But yes, it is.
 Because there was another one that was found just after a flight
 had taken off from Sydney in 2004,
 and someone found a sick bag in the toilet that said,
 Bob, which I just think is someone naming their bag.
 Well, yeah, it's two dyslexic people
 because both have spelt bomb wrong in both case, right?
 Well, yeah.
 Once missing the M and the others missing the...
 Yep, I mean, yes.
 But I mean, it could be that they weren't even trying to spell Bob.
 In fact, so they were playing out to turn around
 and had to be completely evacuated.
 The sound of the bomb on a bag.
 The sound of the bomb on a bag.
 The sound of the bomb on a bag.
 I don't know.
 I know, it does seem over gorgeous, doesn't it?
 And the stewards and stewards have said afterwards
 that, actually, apparently,
 they commonly use the letters B-O-B
 anyway as slang for best on board.
 Meaning, fitty in the, in a mile, seven.
 Oh!
 So, actually, it could have just been a stewardess, right?
 It could have always called me Bob on the plates.
 Yeah, that's why.
 That's why I'm the fittest one on the plane.
 Yeah.
 But you also chart your own flights everywhere
 and you're at the early passenger.
 Isn't that a helicopter flight?
 Do you want it?
 It's just you two.
 Do you know there's a really cool thing
 that you can see online called LightningMap.org
 and it shows you where basically every Lightning strike
 is happening live on our planet right now.
 Where's that closest Lightning storm?
 That's actually got the app open right now.
 The closest to us.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Let me make my way back to...
 No, no.
 If Panama's there, we're in the other direction.
 Yeah, yeah.
 I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was going the wrong way.
 I was going, I was going, yeah.
 (laughing)
 Don't, don't police.
 You're not rude, Dan thinks it's the best
 to get from Panama to the UK.
 Yeah, man.
 We're gonna fall off the end of the flat earth dream
 'cause right around me.
 Now, that's South Africa.
 I'm trying to, because I'm trying to bring,
 I'm trying to do this, the pinchy thing together, dude.
 Come on.
 Come on, let's miss down, let's miss down.
 Come on, let's miss down, not having you onboard, mate.
 (laughing)
 All right, here we go.
 Okay, we got it, we got it.
 Here we go.
 Okay.
 This is absolutely captivated, God, yeah.
 I can see some in, it's all in a different language.
 That's in Albania.
 Oh, please.
 All right, look out, if you're listening in Albania
 to us live as this is going out, then watch out.
 As South of Tarana.
 Oh, really?
 So if you're in the North, you're cool.
 Okay, apparently we get 40 strikes every second,
 so more than 3 million lightning strikes per day on Earth,
 which is huge.
 There's a lot.
 The worst sick bag of all time.
 This is according to expert Danny Cahillung from Sydney.
 He's another bag, I believe.
 He said the worst ever design was the 1970s.
 It's called the Six Sack.
 And the problem is it's in an envelope itself,
 which makes it quite fiddly.
 Like you're fiddling, you're getting a bag out of an envelope,
 you're opening it, you know, it's often a quite
 full time pressurised situation
 that you're throwing up on a flight.
 Yeah, you don't want to be opening it.
 You don't want to have to get your letter open, or I'll do you.
 In 1928, they tried anti-air sickness fumes
 throughout aeroplanes.
 Interesting.
 And that was a mixture of oxygen and cinnamon smell.
 Oh, lovely.
 And hopefully not tock a bean.
 But they would send it through the plane.
 And the idea was it would stop people from feeling sick.
 Really?
 Did it work?
 Well, we don't have it today.
 I don't think so, really.
 I think really in those days, people
 didn't really know what caused it.
 There was an article by some fund
 called the Guggenheim Fund, who claimed
 that it was a psychological state.
 So as in, it was just all in your head.
 And it could be cured by an increasing confidence in flyers.
 Maybe I think I sort of buy that.
 Do you?
 No.
 The problem sickness is real.
 Definitely it is, but I just think if I'm nervous,
 I'm likely to throw up on any given day.
 That's fair enough.
 It's not even before the forecast.
 Every week.
 Grandmaster Flash collects mugs.
 OK, yeah.
 He's got 5,000, he says, in a special room.
 And he says, the room temperature is correct.
 What?
 That's just room temperature, isn't it?
 Mugs don't have an incredibly narrow range of temperatures
 they can perform in.
 A whole point of a mug is that they can go to a hundred degrees.
 But at least we know it's not like minus 200 degrees,
 or plus by 1,000 degrees.
 He keeps it very carefully between minus 200
 and plus by 1,000 degrees at that room.
 His room sells with absolutely so I'm coming.
 OK, that's it.
 That is all of our outtakes.
 Thanks, everyone.
 If you want to write into us about anything
 that we've said during the course of this compilation,
 why not drop us a line, send an email to podcast@qy.com.
 Andy will read these emails.
 And he likes to cherry pick the best of them
 and bring them to our mail bag episode
 that we do as part of Club Fish.
 So that will be out in the next couple of weeks.
 Otherwise, head to the main episode this Friday
 to find out more details about our upcoming live shows.
 And we'll see you in a couple of weeks.
 All right, Club Fishers, catch you soon.
 Goodbye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
 [MUSIC]
