 Hi everyone, welcome to this week's episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, where we were
 joined by the wonderful Sarah Pasco.
 Now there is no one I don't think in Britain who doesn't know who Sarah Pasco is and probably
 if you listen to this show around the world you'll know her as well because she has been
 on fish before, but just as a quick reminder she is an incredible stand up comedian and
 TV presenter who is a good friend of ours, she does a podcast as well, she does a show
 called Weirdo's Book Club with fellow fish alumnus Carrie Adloid, but she is on all the
 panel shows she's been on QI a million times, she's absolutely brilliant, we love having
 her on all of our shows, but one important thing to say about Sarah is that she is currently
 on tour, if you would like to see her show and you live somewhere in the UK there is
 an extremely good chance that she will be coming to your town in November or in the spring
 next year, and to find out the shortest amount of travel you will have to make to get to
 her shows, you must go to Sarah Pasco.co.uk/tickets her website is S-A-R-A-P-A-S-C-O-E.co.uk because
 that is how you spell her name.
 So go to Sarah Pasco.co.uk to get tickets for her show, but in the meantime please enjoy
 our show, on with a podcast.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming
 to you from the QI offices in Hobern.
 My name is Dan Schreiber, I am sitting here with James Harkin, Andrew Hunter Murray, and
 Sarah Pasco, and once again we have gathered around the microphones with our four favourite
 facts from the last seven days, and in a particular order here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, and that is Sarah.
 My fact, and I'm underlying the word fact there, the reasons that will become clear, my fact
 is Saturn's wings are younger than sharks.
 So when you say fact, and you underline it, weirdly we've never had a guest underline the headline
 fact before, and it makes me instantly suspicious.
 Yes, well H is butter concept, and when I looked into the inverted commas proof of both
 of the ages, Saturn and sharks I felt like well there's lots to debate here.
 Okay, so do you stand by it or not, like if you had to bet your life on it.
 I would have to do more research probably, so let me tell you where the whole ageing of
 Saturn's wings comes from.
 So there's a Cassini spacecraft, combination of NASA, the European Space Agency, and also
 the Italian Space Agency, which means they're not in the European Space Agency, and I thought
 there's a sitcom.
 It's an easily deciding note, whatever our own one, our spaceship will be the shape of
 the Italian astronauts, stereotypical Italians, so you think they're low and low style.
 Yeah, and all of the other space men are eating the tubes of paste food, and they've still got
 spaghetti Pomodoro, and it's creating a big mess in the spaceship.
 All the Italian astronauts typically like to stay in the mothership, and his mind about
 Marianna Ouigi, they're fixing the spaceship.
 So there's a Cassini spacecraft, did analysis for a really long time of what the wings were
 composed of, the mostly ice, and the ice is made of water, which then of course I had a question
 mark, what is other ice made of, they kept calling it water ice, but then I realized I've
 gone too far off the fact.
 Okay.
 Come back.
 One percent of them is dust, and they've measured the rate of accumulation, how dusty
 they're getting, and then worked backwards from that one percent to say they can't be any
 older than a hundred years, a hundred million years I should say, and they could be as new
 as ten million years old.
 Wow.
 Okay.
 So that's from the amount of dust accumulation.
 The reason, and I'll stress this straight away, that they could be a lot older, is because
 they could be cleaning themselves, because there's a pool from the planet, which takes a lot
 of debris away from it.
 So basically, when Micrometeroids hit the rings of Saturn, they are either vaporised or they've
 pulled towards Saturn's magnetic field, which would explain why there would be less dust
 there than you could completely just age it.
 All the dust that's ever been collected by Saturn's pool hasn't stayed in the rings essentially,
 which is where aging them that way could be slightly contentious.
 Okay.
 And what about sharks?
 Okay, so sharks, they're saying they're claiming.
 I don't know what you've written down, that they are four hundred and fifty million years
 old.
 Yes, okay.
 Right, okay.
 And their evidence for this, some scales, no teeth, they've got some fossilised scales from
 four hundred and fifty million years old, which they're saying is that earliest fossil
 of a shark, like creature, which is not a shark, is it?
 That's a shark, like creature.
 Okay.
 And then no teeth.
 So, are we thinking a gummy shark, like no teeth shark?
 What a scary, big, scary fish, I know which one is what a shark is in lots of ways.
 But hang on Sarah, all of this, all of this smacks of a woman who submitted the fact and
 then researched it.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 You're on that?
 Okay.
 What's the accusation there, Andy?
 That's what she did what we asked her to do.
 No, because some people, it's like their actual passion, is that what you mean?
 No, no, no.
 People are like, "Oh, I wrote a book about that, that's really something."
 It's funny how honest you are, but it is like it, because you know, like a lesser research
 I might have just said, "Yeah, I'll just sort of find that."
 I would have done that.
 Yeah, I would have done that.
 And they would have done that.
 And it said, "So, the fact is that the rings are this old and sharks are this old."
 Yes.
 And one's younger than the other, and that's it.
 No, actually, what I did write down was that Cassini spacecraft, born on the 15th
 of October 1997, so it's a Libra.
 Oh, you love it.
 Yeah, that is good.
 Getting my astrology and astronomy all in the same way, all in the same explanation.
 So sharks have survived the five, yeah, the five known mass extinctions that we've had
 on this planet.
 Are they involved somehow?
 It does seem suspicious.
 Yeah.
 Always there.
 Yeah.
 I think it was after the first mass extinction that teeth suddenly became a part of their
 life.
 Yeah.
 Although the jaws were different in those earlier creatures.
 Yeah.
 So now they have jaws that open really widely, which mean they can swim faster and they
 can eat prey bigger than themselves.
 So that's exciting.
 But that's much more recent.
 We're talking 150 million years ago with those recognizable actual sharks.
 And like 10 million to 100 million with the rings of Saturn, what are you saying as the
 closest scale than 400 plus male-scale scales?
 Okay, so here's the timeline I wrote down.
 So I wrote sharks as the earliest fossil was the late Ordova vision period.
 So basically that would make them older than dinosaurs and older and trees.
 Really fun.
 Trees are 360 million years old, which is fun.
 Would they know anything about trees as in like they're not seeing trees anyway, right?
 Absolutely not.
 So that's relevant to their world.
 Oh, damn.
 You get like tree falling in there.
 Absolutely.
 So they might see a fall in there.
 So they'll be like that.
 They'll see a log.
 But they can't fall before they exist.
 That's the thing.
 If a tree falls before it exists, does it make a nose?
 Does it splash?
 It was.
 They famously got good hearing sharks.
 So that would be good distances.
 Or is it smell?
 A smell?
 Can they smell trees?
 There's a few people say, shh.
 And I can't see them.
 I can't see it.
 I can't see it.
 Don't bleed into the water.
 So we've got a mass extinction event in the Permian period.
 That's 252 million years ago or around then that 96% of marine life was wiped out.
 So we had bigger sharks and there is fossil records just teeth of these massive sharks.
 Are you saying just teeth?
 Earlier on it was like, oh, they don't even have teeth.
 Exactly.
 How suspicious is this?
 You always find crimes and then investigate them on this show.
 Do you know why they keep surviving all of these mass extinctions?
 It's really interesting because they're so varied as a class of creatures.
 So you get sharks that live on the bottom.
 You get sharks that live in the main water column in a higher over the ocean.
 You get small sharks.
 You get big sharks.
 You get sharks that are some sharks that are even mostly vegetarian.
 You get just sharks of every different kind.
 That's why always a few of them will fit through the keyhole of whatever life survives
 the mass extinction event.
 Which is amazing isn't it?
 It did go down.
 One of my tendons was the green and shark, which grows incredibly slowly, which is a really
 good example of what you're describing.
 They don't become sexually active until they're over a hundred.
 Yeah.
 Which is really inspiring.
 Here's an amazing thing about them.
 It's been estimated that they can live probably up to 500 years.
 There's one that's been found that definitely is around 400 years old.
 Now the rings of Saturn, the first observation through telescope was Galileo on 1610.
 Arguably there is a green and shark out there alive that was born before Galileo first looked
 at them through a telescope.
 I thought you were going to say that could have seen the rings of Saturn through that telescope
 unless it fell into the water.
 Unless they could hear it.
 I think that's going to happen under you.
 It's amazing isn't it?
 That's mad potentially.
 There's one out there that was yeah.
 Yeah.
 We've got the topic.
 Sharks.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Give us a shark.
 That's favorite shark.
 I'll tell you mine.
 Yeah okay.
 Wow.
 Let's guess.
 I'm going to guess Hammerhead.
 No.
 James.
 Hammerhead.
 No.
 I do like Hammerheads.
 They're the youngest species.
 Apparently the newest one.
 Hello.
 Really?
 Well, I've had another one that's been quite new.
 I think it's maybe not quite as new as Hammerheads, but the walking sharks that you get off the
 coast of Australia.
 They live on the bottom.
 They're one of Andy's bottom sharks.
 Yeah.
 But they walk on the bottom sharks.
 It's my channel five series of the future.
 People who want to watch a show about animals are going to be very disciplined.
 It's very much an urban dictionary thing.
 No, these are like walking sharks.
 Yeah.
 And they use their fins and they walk like geckos on the bottom of the ocean.
 Wow.
 That is cool.
 Can they swim?
 They can swim, yeah, but not very well.
 Quite like the Thresher shark.
 Oh yeah.
 But it's just, it's an odd move that they use, which is, it's been described as extreme yoga.
 Basically, if they're coming up to a fish, rather than directly eat it, they'll bring their
 tail up back around them and slap it and stun it.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 That's great.
 Usually a lot of them, they'll eat by opening their mouths and just swimming with their mouths
 open and seeing what goes in there, right?
 Yeah.
 And there's a big problem with that.
 A paper I read just this morning, which was that basically because of the water is more acidic
 and the oceans now, it's rotting their teeth.
 Oh.
 And so they have quite crumbly teeth now, sharks, compared to what they were 100 years ago.
 Wow.
 So, later people think we didn't have any sharks.
 There's no evidence.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 They all crumbled away.
 Yeah.
 Can I give you guys my favourite shark?
 Yeah.
 It's from this morning.
 For the programme.
 For lip skull fields, it was a shark.
 No, this is a listener email from Alison Mullencamp, who sent us an email this morning on
 the day we recalled this.
 Oh yeah.
 Headlined "Ghost Shark Sex Teeth."
 Okay.
 This is crazy.
 And you opened it?
 Oh yeah.
 It's gonna be great for us.
 And it's awesome sharks.
 Basically, there's a thing called a ghost shark.
 It's also known as a spotted ratfish.
 I suspect it prefers to go by ghost shark.
 I'll take the other name back.
 Yeah.
 It was just so fast.
 Yeah.
 I'm trying to push a cool nickname on themselves.
 A spotted rat?
 No, it's ghost shark actually.
 Yeah.
 That's what they call me at university.
 So it's not a true shark, but it looks a lot like a shark, you know, and it gets called
 it.
 And it's got a thing on its forehead called the tenaculum.
 It's got these tiny protrusions on it, and scientists have just today published a paper
 about what this thing is and what it is is this little thing sticking out of its head has
 these scales on it.
 It turns out they're not scales.
 They're actual teeth.
 They're literal teeth sticking out of its head, which it uses to grip onto the female during
 sex.
 Okay.
 It's got a head hand.
 It's got a head hand, which it uses for sex grips.
 And it's just a whole lot of fish.
 Does the female have one on her head to hit the other?
 No, I don't think so.
 Guys, well, away.
 She has nothing.
 Just a ponytail.
 I think she's one.
 Yeah.
 And so one of the scientists responsible, Carly Cohen said, "This feature flips the long-standing
 assumption in evolutionary biology that teeth are strictly oral structures."
 And they...
 I thought that their skin was teeth as well, though.
 I thought that definitely...
 I think it's shaped like teeth.
 But I think that teeth evolved from the skin, so it was scales around them, I've got
 harder and harder.
 Which seems to be the same as this other idea.
 It's just utilising.
 Oh, they're also good for this.
 Imagine Sabrina Carpenter's album cover, because it was really sort of anti-it, and
 it's been done before we've moved positive.
 Imagine if it had been this ghost shot.
 She's sort of on her knees with...
 Yeah.
 But she's sort of being held by, you know, looking up at her...
 But I think next album.
 Yeah, next one.
 That's true, actually.
 Or maybe Chapel Roan.
 I'm sort of imagining your TV program.
 I've imagined lots of the dancers at the beginning, because it's got this like Euro-Trash
 feel.
 And they've all got like big, big, sharp heads, and then they're all wearing chaps.
 So when they turn around, they turn around and you can see their bottoms.
 Do you remember that Super Bowl when they had the Dancing Shark?
 Yes.
 Like that, but a bit sexier.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 Chat that with Chapsong.
 Yeah.
 And is it just me enjoying these dances?
 I mean, you just speak to camera at the beginning like, "Hi, I'm Andy, and here every
 week is sharp quick."
 And then it's just like a fancy castle and stuff like that.
 I'll do it.
 Yeah.
 I will take that job.
 Okay.
 It is time for fact number two, and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that because he didn't like the name of the novel that he was adapting
 into a movie, director Ridley Scott bought the film rights to a William Burrers novel called
 Blade Runner, just so he could steal that title instead.
 Nice.
 Brilliant.
 Yeah.
 Really good.
 Yeah.
 It's quite fascinating.
 So I've just read Do Android's Dream of Electric Sheep, which is a book by Philip K.
 It's a great title.
 It's a great title.
 It's a great title.
 It's a solid one.
 That's right.
 It's a commercial title for a movie.
 If you don't know Philip K. Dick, he was a pretty extraordinary sci-fi writer.
 He was writing in the '50s and '60s, and he has had so many of his books that have gone
 to the big screen.
 So you might have seen Total Recall with Arnold Schwarzenegger, the Adjustment Bureau
 Minority Reporter Scanner, Darkly, and Blade Runner, probably the most famous of all
 of those, starring Harris and Ford.
 And so initially Ridley Scott was brought on to this project, and there was a screenwriter
 on it called Hampton Fancher, and Hampton Fancher decided that while he was writing it, he
 would put in the draft the name Blade Runner, which he'd seen from another book.
 And it was just there.
 And Ridley Scott, who took on the project, started reading Do Android's Dream of Electric Sheep,
 but didn't like it.
 So put it down.
 So he didn't end up even reading the book he made into a movie.
 He saw that title on the screenplay and said, "This is way better.
 Let's use that."
 But obviously it was connected to another book.
 So he literally bought the movie rights to that and used nothing but the title.
 So can I ask a question?
 Yeah.
 You said it was by William Burroughs.
 Mm-hmm.
 VG.
 Yeah.
 But he didn't write the original.
 So what's going on there?
 So, okay.
 So this is so weird.
 Yeah.
 It just gets so complicated.
 The story, the book that William Burroughs had written was called Blade Runner, the
 movie.
 So William Burroughs had read a different book by a guy called Alan E. Norse and that was
 called The Blade Runner.
 And so Burroughs' book was a treatment for a movie that he wanted to have made.
 But was his book based on Norse's book or is there a difference?
 Yeah, it was.
 It was.
 It was basically a movie treatment.
 So Norse's book was, the reason it's called Blade Runner is because it's about a guy
 who takes medical supplies across America.
 So literally, scalpals and smuggling them.
 Yeah, because it's basically an anti-NHS book, isn't it?
 Basically in America, if you've got money, you can't pay for your own healthcare.
 You have to only go for the government thing and the government thing isn't very good.
 And so you have these sort of dodgy private doctors who will do your stuff for you, but they
 need the scalpals.
 So they need the Blade Runner.
 And the main protagonist in that book is called Billy Gimp.
 It's just a good character name.
 It's a great name.
 It's hard to think of names for the characters, isn't it?
 Absolutely.
 You've got to say what you see.
 Look around you.
 Whatever you see first.
 So the thing we've all glossed over, there have been a lot of names flying about.
 Hampton, Fancher, Ridley Scott, none of them very likely, right?
 The original book that used the title Blade Runner was by this guy, Alan Norse, I pronounce
 it Nurse, and he was a trained doctor.
 Oh, lovely.
 And do you remember there was a scientist about 20 years ago?
 He won the Nobel Prize for Medicine.
 Paul Nurse.
 Paul Nurse.
 Paul Nurse.
 What's all these doctors called Nurse?
 I have tried to find a nurse whose name was Doctor, but I haven't succeeded yet.
 But I'll keep looking.
 He wrote to the name Doctor Rex, didn't he?
 I did, he.
 Yeah, yeah.
 He didn't really use his name because he didn't want people to know he was writing.
 Taffer.
 Yeah.
 Doctor Rex, but he mostly wrote abusive 140 character messages.
 So Blade Runner, I actually bought it the other night to watch.
 We'll film.
 Yeah, because I haven't seen it in years.
 So this is the other fascinating thing about the movie Blade Runner.
 There's been, since its release, seven different versions of it that have come out.
 It's constantly being revised by the director and by the production companies, so there was
 a director's cut that came out, which actually wasn't a director's cut because someone else
 put it together.
 Ridley Scott just gave an approval, but the official one, according to Ridley Scott, is
 the final cut, which doesn't have the narration.
 The 25th year anniversary one.
 It's the only one that he was allowed to do the cut that he actually wanted.
 And also, the story of it's quite interesting in that, so it was made by about 30 million
 dollars.
 And it made about 40 million dollars at the cinema, so it did fine.
 It didn't do that well.
 But when they re-edited it, it was amazing.
 And it was the first thing they brought out on DVD.
 I was there.
 And then it did so much better with a sort of slight re-editing.
 Ah, it was me.
 Yes, it wasn't popular at first, and it got some really bad reviews.
 One of the reviews said Blade Runner is a suspenseless thriller, which I think is
 to a certain extent true.
 It was sort of slow.
 Was it intentionally slow?
 It is quite slow.
 For anyone who hasn't seen it, it's about Harrison Ford who has to chase down a load of robots
 who are running around dressed up as humans.
 And he's a clear name.
 The main point of it, and the main point of Dick I think, and I haven't read that or seen
 the movie.
 I think it's like, can an android tell if they're human, and if so, how do you tell it?
 Well, this is the Boyd Kempft test, which I've got the questions of if you want me to
 test your robots.
 Have you?
 I was like a personality test to see if we're robots.
 I don't need the test.
 I'm well aware.
 But make a lot of sense of a lot of things in your life.
 In the book itself, do you know what they're called or these replicants?
 I thought they were called replicants.
 That's in the movies.
 Yeah, in the book they're called Andy's.
 Love it.
 The plot sickens.
 Stop fighting crime.
 So here we go.
 So some of them actually sort of a little bit upsetting.
 You have a little boy, and he shows you his butterfly collection, including his killing
jar.
 Oh, dear.
 Yeah.
 So, I mean, it doesn't have a question mark on it, but I guess it's testing.
 Do you have an emotional reaction to that?
 Okay.
 Here you go.
 We can all go round.
 Describe in single words only the good things that come into your mind about your mother.
 Killingjar.
 Single words.
 Fun.
 Sexy.
 I'd also like to enter the word "sexy" for don't much.
 I think when Freud says you get full marks, so this one, my brief case, nice, isn't it?
 Department issue, baby hide, 100% genuine human baby hide.
 Okay.
 So I guess, yeah, it's supposed to make you fit.
 So if you're upset about that, you're probably human.
 Yeah.
 I have a strong reaction.
 You don't just take it on face value.
 You have an emotional reaction.
 I think that's the test.
 And in the movie and in the book, they have a machine that specifically is looking directly
 into your eyeball.
 So it's the dilation of the piece?
 Exactly.
 The question is answered by your body.
 I see.
 Yeah.
 Exactly.
 It is a good film and it is a good book.
 It looks great, yeah.
 Yeah.
 But I think they are quite ponderous.
 Come at me in the comments if you disagree.
 What's the film you like, then, that you prefer in this sort of genre?
 He likes Pacific Rim.
 What's Pacific Rim?
 Well, big monsters have started coming up through the cracks in the ocean floor from
 another dimension.
 We've got to build giant robots to fight them.
 Wow.
 Exciting at the side of Andy's bottom.
 Oh, I'm saying this in that in Pacific Rim, everyone knows who isn't a robot and we can crack
 on with the real meat in the film, which is beating the monsters, the Kaiju.
 Oh, I see.
 Do you see what I mean?
 Yes.
 Harrison Ford isn't interrogating the robots because you don't like subtlety.
 I'm saying I like Obviousness.
 There was one of the reviews of Blade Runner when it came out that said some of the scenes
 seem to have six subtexts, but no text and no context either.
 Wow.
 I think it's so interesting because the questions that they were asking then about what are the
 capabilities of these machines that are working alongside us, are the questions that we are
 continuing to ask.
 The only thing that's changed is the technology.
 We're still asking those same things, aren't we?
 Really, when I read it, it's incredibly poignant for what's going on right now in the world
 of AI, because extraordinary.
 I guess that's the thing of a good sci-fi writer like Philip K. Dick.
 It's looking forward and seeing the problems we might run into, but it's also worth saying
 the book is incredibly different from the movie.
 So there's an idea that you're asking the question, is Harrison Ford a replicant himself?
 Yeah.
 Harrison Ford said he wasn't, Ridley Scott said he was.
 So we don't even know from the filmmakers side which one is which.
 Which one of those two people wrote the...
 Neither.
 We need to ask the person who wrote the script.
 Yes, exactly.
 Paul Hampton fan.
 Yeah.
 Quite clearly a robot panicking to try to think of a human name.
 Have you guys seen the movie Taking Tiger Mountain?
 No, what happens in that?
 I think so.
 What happens in that is what happens in the Blade Runner, the original book, because it eventually
 was adapted into a movie.
 And that was starring Bill Paxton.
 So the novel that William Burrow's wrote, Blade Runner brackets a movie, was off the back
 of the original Alan Norse novel, Blade Runner.
 Yeah.
 And it was a pitch for it to be a screenplay and then he realised it probably wasn't going
 to be adapted.
 So he turned it, Burrow's turned his work into a novella.
 What that means is that he wrote the novel of the pitch, of the film, of the novel.
 Oh.
 Interesting.
 And then Philip K. Dick was asked to write the novel of the movie, Blade Runner, yes.
 Of the book that he wrote.
 Of his own book.
 Yeah.
 But he refused brilliant because he thought that if he did that, people would stop buying
 his book.
 Yeah.
 When that been amazing.
 It's so weird.
 It's so strange.
 It's just the whole...
 I mean, this is probably the most confusing section we've ever done for an audience.
 We're trying to piece these together.
 We need a big wall chart, don't we, with lines.
 Even that movie that I just mentioned, taking Tiger Mountain, which was the adaption of
 the Blade Runner original book.
 Pre-Burrow's.
 Yeah.
 There was a movie that was made, which was based on a art film by Albert Camus, his book
 called The Stranger.
 They filmed the whole thing, but they didn't do any dialogue for it because they thought
 they'd do that post.
 A new director came in, used all that stuff, but applied the Blade Runner.
 No.
 Who it?
 Well, you think of the editor, please, while you're saying these facts.
 It's so confusing.
 What's going to happen, James, is this section of the podcast, in years to come, there are
 going to be seven or eight different cuts of this section of the podcast.
 They'll be the harking cut, sure.
 But they'll be the Shriver Cut.
 But people, people quite often listen to podcasts to fall asleep, and this bit, they'll
 think, is there subconscious, chopping it into different pieces and making it confusing,
 so they're not really listening properly.
 That sort of makes you think, we must have enough stuff filmed by now that we can basically
 make everything new.
 Let's just use our existing stuff.
 In the future, they're going to say, do you know the famous TV show and these bottom
 sharks was actually based on a podcast?
 Yeah.
 And bizarrely, Andy, what you just said, with having extra footage that we can just reuse,
 that actually happened for Blade Runner the movie itself, because in the final scenes,
 they used shots from the shining that weren't used in the main movie, and included it
 as sort of background shots.
 So the shining is in the Blade Runner movie.
 Bloody hell.
 Yeah.
 It goes deep, doesn't it?
 It really does go deep.
 Isn't it true that the Alien World, the Blade Runner World, are one world together?
 I was hoping this, but I haven't, she's watched them all and I haven't.
 Interesting.
 But I think there's like one mention in the second Alien that says, yes, they're definitely
 the same world.
 That's terrific.
 Because it might be things like the same company operating across the, because in Alien,
 the whole thing is the wayland, you tiny corporation.
 And that might get a mention and played it out, I don't know.
 That's brilliant.
 Can I tell you a thing about William Burrows, the author who wrote, one of these, one of these
 things.
 Yeah.
 So he was a big generation writer, a very interesting person.
 I didn't really know anything about him.
 The only thing I'd vaguely heard of, which is the awful thing in his life, which is that
 he and his wife once had taken a huge amount of drugs, and he tried to do a William
 tell act shooting something off her head, and he missed and he shot her and he killed her.
 I think that's his version.
 He was a really strange guy.
 He was very eccentric.
 He was on, huge numbers of drugs his whole life.
 He said that he could just stare at his shoes for eight hours a day and frequently did.
 But do you know how Burrows had this lifestyle and was able to just sort of, so where his money
 came from?
 Yeah.
 Rich parents.
 He got an allowance from his parents until he was nearly 50.
 Right.
 And what he got an allowance from his parents until he was nearly 50 is that his grandfather,
 William Seward Burrows, the first, our William Burrows was the second.
 He had invented the Burrows Adding Machine.
 It was a calculator and pretty much every business in America bought one of these adding
 machines.
 It was incredibly useful.
 Is it one of those ones that you see in old movies where they can, it's like a big calculator
 and they go, "Pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah."
 Pretty much.
 And it prints out.
 It prints out a real, yeah.
 Exactly.
 And it's the biggest American computing companies in the 50s and 60s.
 And what is this?
 It's a robot, a thinking machine.
 Oh, I see.
 And it's, it sort of allows blade runner to, right?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 Sure.
 So Philip K. Dick took words of drugs as well.
 Yeah.
 He was into the same things.
 And apparently, in his life, he sort of saw like a rosy mist and all these kind of, he
 had, he had, in his final period of his life, it was in 1974.
 He saw a fish symbol and necklace on a woman glow red.
 And he felt information suddenly just was transmitted to him.
 And he believed that it was from an alien species.
 Yeah.
 That's why I'm an excuse when you're staring at a woman's dress.
 Yeah.
 Sorry.
 There's information coming.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 It is time for fact number three.
 And that is James.
 Because that most people wouldn't wear a sweater owned by Hitler.
 But they might if Mother Teresa wore it for long enough in between.
 So has she won this in like an eBay auction?
 Like how did she get her hands on this?
 She's bought it.
 Yeah.
 Did she dry clean it after Hitler?
 Has anyone cleaned it ever?
 Well, this is a study called the contagion concept in adult thinking in the United States
 by Carol Nemeroff and Paul Rosen.
 And there's lots of different things that they did with this imaginary jumper.
 So they had different people wear it.
 So it might be Hitler, but it might be a lover of the person you're interviewing or it
 might be someone they really admire or it might be that they rub it in dog poo or various
 different things.
 Yeah.
 And then they try and ameliorate the effect by giving it to a nice person or they might
 clean it with detergent or just with water or boil it or deodorize it.
 This is all imaginary.
 This is all made up.
 Okay.
 And did they ever show you a picture of the jumper?
 Yeah.
 Or have you imagined it?
 You imagine it.
 It's simply a question of, would you wear this jumper if this had happened to it?
 And then they took all of the different results of what everyone said and then generalised
 to the entire world.
 So, but actually they generalised to people in the US and the reason being that there's
 this kind of thing called the Law of Contagion, which is a folk belief that you get all around
 the world where if you've been in contact with an object, then people think some of your
 attributes go into that object.
 It happens in Papua New Guinea, it happens in Africa, it happens in medieval Europe, you
 get it quite a lot of, but this study was to see if it happened in the US as well.
 And what they found is the basics is that people would not wear anything that was worn
 by Hitler, but they might wear it if someone good like Mother Teresa or someone sexy had
 worn it in between.
 And they would probably...
 What are we saying Mother Teresa is not sexy, that's what we mean.
 She looks so much like Dan Sommar.
 Yeah, so Princess Diana, someone else who's sort of seeing this go into the US.
 Sure, absolutely.
 Yeah.
 Because at the start they interview people and said, "Who do you think is good?
 Who do you think is sexy?
 Who do you think is trustworthy?"
 And with the sort of washing and stuff like that, basically, if you wash it or if you deodorise
 it or if you air it out, people are slightly more likely to wear it, but if you boil it, then
 they're really more likely to do so.
 If you get Hitler's jumper and you give it a good old, very hot wash, then people are
 more likely to wear it after that.
 I think though.
 Yeah, this will.
 Is it wool?
 Yeah.
 Because I did try to find evidence of any of Hitler's jumpers going up for auction.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 He doesn't seem to have been a big jumper guy.
 No.
 No.
 There's very little whose jacket, wasn't he?
 Who's more jacket?
 Well, one of his jackets did.
 In 2016, there was a buyer who spent £600,000 at a single auction on Nazi memorabilia, including
 things like the brass canister that contained the hydrogen cyanide that Gurri killed himself
 with.
 Wow.
 I mean, quite abstract and quite gory stuff, but one of the things was £210,000 on Hitler's
 jacket.
 Right.
 This man from Argentina, who declined to give his name.
 That's a joke, isn't it?
 No.
 What?
 No.
 He said, I'm not going to tell you my name.
 I am from Argentina.
 Oh, my goodness.
 I know.
 So we can only speculate.
 Yeah.
 Crakey.
 There was a thing.
 This guy, Paul Rosen.
 Paul Rosen.
 Yeah.
 Very interesting character because he's sort of known as the leading authority on disgustingness.
 He spends his life studying disgusting stuff.
 And he was saying, if you were put off by the idea of Hitler, to what level would that bleed
 into your life?
 Because, for example, any glass of water that you drink in Europe will contain a few molecules
 that would have passed through Hitler.
 And so, if you found that out, does that put you off drinking like to what level are you
 wanting an association?
 And that's why I have my water ship, Den, from Argentina.
 Yeah, no, you're right. I mean, if you did it, sorry, just to ask.
 No, I think I know.
 No, no, I'm not sure that he's put that to the study yet.
 He was sort of talking about the extremes of where you could take the associations with Hitler
 as a contagion.
 And this one's done a few years ago, wasn't it the study genes?
 1994.
 Yeah, yeah, so I mean, I don't know how Hitler's reputation has been in America over the last
 few years.
 But how fashion has changed?
 Yeah, fashion has changed.
 How fashion has changed.
 You have a fashion of the same.
 You have a fashion of the same.
 You have a fashion of the same.
 You have a fashion of the same.
 That out, I'm sorry, but she and Adolf did not have the same characteristics.
 And so this is relevant in real life.
 It's not just that many things.
 So things like drinking water, so you mentioned the Hitler water thing, Den.
 Yeah.
 So Hitler never went to Singapore, but Singapore, as far as I know, I mean, his allies
 got there.
 Never mind.
 Point is, Singapore purifies water from sewage water, right?
 And people drink it and it's fine.
 I mean, it's absolutely fine, this water.
 It has been treated.
 It doesn't contain any contaminants, anything that you make you will.
 It is clean water.
 But in lots of other places around the world, places which don't have like the space constraints
 of Singapore, people object massively to this.
 And it's to do with this contagion theory.
 So that is relevant to how we don't know the idea of it.
 It's the idea.
 I mean, water effectively has been boiled.
 Yes.
 But our brains are just never going to keep up with something that high concept.
 We're always going to add one and one together and go, that's the sewage.
 Yeah.
 Still, yeah.
 What if Hitler's jumper was turned into a scarf?
 Obviously unravelled all the wall and made something different.
 Yeah.
 Well, does that make a big difference?
 It makes a little bit of a difference.
 So they asked people if it had been re-knitted, gashed, unravelled, cut up and burned.
 Would you wear it afterwards?
 And burning had the best effects.
 Although it's not going to look like a burnt gem.
 Yeah. If it's re-knitted, some people are more likely to a little bit, but burning and
 boiling seems to be, people will forgive any ice revolving if you do that.
 And the area of this eye-found interesting and discussed, is discussed in a rousal.
 Okay.
 Did you look into that?
 No.
 No.
 Andy.
 Too busy living it.
 What?
 I don't know what that means.
 Well, it is really, really, really interesting in human psychology.
 So it's a bi-directional psychology.
 Okay.
 So the two things co-exist, discussed in a rousal.
 I knew about this because I had read probably in Mary Roach's book Bonk about the fact that when
 women are aroused, they will do things that they consider disgusting when they're unaroused.
 And that just makes such basic sense for evolution in that section.
 What would say, would you mean, like, if I got my wife aroused?
 Yeah.
 And then I suddenly say, great.
 Take the bins out.
 I'm doing tests because you can't.
 No, but this is a thing.
 So I don't know if you're a wife.
 There's a really good example.
 Because I'll see you next time.
 So many times.
 It's cruel.
 So basically, the really common sense thing is, if you ask a woman, what do you think of the
 idea of this sexual act and let's say something really quotidian, like oral sex?
 Okay.
 That's quotidian.
 So I go.
 So very soberly, most people don't really like the idea of it, but when they're aroused
 that goes out of the window.
 And it only seems to happen with women.
 But I look into it.
 I've had three studies and they're all university students.
 And I worry that that's because 22-year-old students are just disgusting anyway, like the
 men.
 So they're very difficult to study.
 But what they do, they make them watch arousing videos and then they get them to do different
 tasks.
 And some of them are like, eat, have a bite of that biscuit and it's next to a living
 worm.
 Yeah, yeah.
 People who have watched a physical, sort of soft-core erotica are more likely to bite the
 biscuit and say they didn't discuss them.
 Wow.
 It's amazing.
 And they're much more likely to touch what they're told is a bowl of used condoms.
 If they've watched this sort of soft pornography, then if they've watched a video of the Olympics,
 they just show them physical activity or sexual activity or obviously control group.
 Yeah.
 And this is men or women, or both, both, but the results seem to be showing a lot more
 for women.
 That's an idea for a restaurant, doesn't matter how good the food is, but you just put
 porn on the TVs all the time, and people will enjoy the food more.
 Yeah.
 Welcome to Andy's bottom feeders.
 Did you read about these studies that have shown that conservative people find things
 more disgusting than liberal people?
 And it's to such an extent that if you put a scanner on someone's head and you look
 at their brain, you can show them one single image of, say, some food with maggots in.
 And you can measure their brain activity and you can tell with a 95 to 98% accuracy whether
 they would vote conservative or liberal.
 Wow.
 Amazing.
 Yeah.
 There's lots of reasons why they think it might be the case, so obviously we don't really
 know, but it's basically conservatives are a bit more trusting of the natural reactions.
 And liberals are more likely to do something called cognitive reappraisal, which is you
 see something disgusting.
 But then you think, well, actually, it's just natural that maggots eat food because they're
 animals as well.
 And you kind of think about it yourself and come up with reasons about it rather than just
 trusting your initial reaction.
 So can we run elections based on this?
 Like, do we need to bother with all the bits of paper and the foods?
 Can't we just all get our heads scanned and be told, let them or whatever?
 Yeah.
 Like a sorting hat, but it's full of maggots.
 It's fair for trying.
 And it was all to get out because people saved the government billions.
 One of us here is like clear to be disgusted for the rest of us.
 Ooh, who could it be?
 I love Tories.
 Is it me?
 Is it someone from the north of England?
 It's not about being from the north of England.
 Right.
 And gender?
 It's not gender.
 Oh.
 Is it?
 Glass is wearing glasses.
 It's not glasses.
 It's like, guess who now?
 Is it people who like golf?
 It's not even like golf.
 It's something one of us puts in their mouth on a regular basis.
 Oh.
 Smoking?
 No.
 Being vegan.
 Oh.
 Being vegan.
 If you come off meat for a month, you are likely to catch disgust.
 So the more people cut out meat droogues, say they're doing veganery, the more their meat
 disgust will grow.
 Oh.
 So I mean, it's actually not, I mean, because you've been a vegan for ages.
 Well, I've been a vegetarian since I was seven and I was talking to someone recently
 and actually, when I speak to people who give up meat and come back to meat, they have such
 a different response.
 Because for me, it's like cannibalism.
 And obviously, I don't talk about this when they're eating their food and it's just a personal
 actually, don't say it out loud because it's not a moral judgment.
 Yeah.
 I do understand that people get to choose their own food.
 But for me, there's no difference between a beef burger and oh, yeah, this is a human
 charm.
 A human burger.
 Yeah, a man burger.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Long pig.
 What's they call it?
 I'm just trying to keep it easy.
 You know what?
 He likes it too.
 He does this all the time.
 Just a lot of these words come out very, very creepy.
 I think that one is a miscreepy.
 I'm not afraid of saying that.
 So Paul Rosen, I mean, he's done so many studies on this and all of them are interesting.
 I'm just, it's so fascinating what he's done.
 So here's a really interesting one.
 This is all about food, right?
 And this is I think from 1986 and he's just been doing decades.
 He reported that most participants showed a preference for a normally shaped piece of
 fudge over fudge shaped like dog feces.
 Now, I would say so far, so obvious, right?
 Many were far less willing to hold fake vomit made of rubber in their mouths than a clean
 new rubber sink stopper.
 Again.
 Yeah.
 But yeah, I know he's telling people it's clean.
 That's the thing.
 It's the association.
 You do.
 If you go to any tourist shop in England, you can buy poo shapes candy.
 Hmm.
 You do.
 The first version of this in my life where my, my son, he got really obsessed with the toilet
 brush.
 And so obviously there's two things we had to do.
 One is I bought a brand new toilet brush with a toilet and I bought him his own toilet
 brush and it's from the same place.
 And no one's comfortable with him playing with it because it's a toilet brush and it's
 never been used in the toilet until he did, he did start using it in the toilet because
 he wants the reaction.
 But at the beginning, it was just Christmas and everyone was at tonight.
 I was weird.
 No, I get that completely.
 I understand.
 Yeah.
 But it's just a brush.
 The first ever Christmas tree was made out of toilet brushes and painted green, yeah.
 So in a way, you would be a very festive.
 Very Christmassy.
 Yeah.
 This year, everyone's getting one there.
 We're the fun fact attached.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 It's time for our final fact of the show and that is Andy.
 My fact is, there is a spider in Norfolk which can catch fish.
 Do you know what the creepiest thing anyone could ever say to you?
 That's what Carrie had said to me yesterday.
 She said, Andy text me, is Sarah scared of spiders?
 Oh, yeah.
 That's a creepy thing to hear, isn't it?
 I asked her not to pass that on.
 She told me that as well.
 She made it creepy.
 He said, he said, not to tell you I've asked.
 Oh, dear.
 And you're not too scared of spiders.
 I'm not scared of spiders, no?
 Some people are very funny.
 Yes, yes.
 So I just wanted to check that out before we...
 Are you asking just to see if we can even talk about the concept of spiders?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 And this is the queen of the marsh, the fenn raft spider, Norfolk, and Suffolk as well.
 Sorry to any Suffolkers who are listening who thought I'd be missing you out.
 And it's just a really cool spider.
 It's just about the biggest in the UK, I think.
 How big is it?
 Show me your hand.
 About that big.
 Great.
 It's massive.
 It's broad.
 Yeah, yeah.
 It's broad.
 It's not a big broad.
 And it's another great story of reintroduction.
 They got down to a very, very few left.
 And then the people who live around there who are working conservation have restored their
 habitat load and they've been breeding them up.
 And the RSPB recently announced not so insi-winsi spider makes incredible comeback.
 And they're really cool.
 And they're not interested in your house.
 They don't like you.
 If you don't like spiders, don't worry.
 They're not coming for you.
 Yeah.
 And they can basically sit on top of the water, which is the most fascinating thing if you
 watch a video with them.
 Fenn raft spider.
 They are the rough.
 It's extraordinary.
 It's the hairs as now on the legs that allow them to do that, I think.
 And that also helps them to feel vibration.
 So if a fish is going past, they can just feel the vibration on their little hairs and go
 fuck.
 And they run across the water and they grab the fit.
 I mean, there's sticker packs, obviously.
 There's not salmon or anything that are catching.
 But they are.
 They're pretty cool.
 They're slightly big relative to the size of the spider itself, you know, because the
 spider can go underwater as well.
 So it will go down on the branch of a vine or whatever that's going into the water.
 It will just hang out there.
 It can stay there for about an hour.
 And I've seen videos of, you know, little creatures coming up and launching like a spider
 wood and bringing it back in and consuming it.
 And they're close to the same size as the spider.
 Can we talk about Helen Smith who is the heroine of this whole story of bringing the spiders
 back into the North at Bronze.
 So she hand-reared 3,000 baby Fenn raft spiders in her own kitchen.
 And these are the first ones that they put into the water.
 And eventually some other charities got involved and they eventually put 30,000 in.
 But she definitely started it.
 And she would line up every single one of these spiders in an individual test tube.
 Because if you put two of them in a test tube, they'd just eat each other.
 So they had to be all kept separate.
 And then she had to personally feed them flies for a full year so that they would grow big
 enough to let them go.
 30,000.
 The 3,000 she did and then eventually it was 30,000.
 And she had to collect the flies herself, because they eat like fruit flies.
 There's things I want to make fun of her a lot, but I'm also really scared of her.
 I think there's a kind of, as you don't want to make an enemy of someone with access to
 3,000 spiders and with that kind of attention to detail.
 That's what you should have asked her.
 You should have asked her.
 You scared Helen.
 Yeah, I'm really scared of Helen from Norfolk.
 She had to get these fruit flies and apparently the best place to get them was from compost
 heaps or horse dung.
 And so she said, how aroused was she?
 She said she had spent a lot of time with a sweep net following ponies and waiting for them
 to poo, just so that she could get the flies when they first arrived on the poo.
 Isn't that mad?
 The neighbors, the people who didn't know what she was doing, all of her behaviour, do you
 want to come in for a cup of tea?
 She's here.
 What have done?
 So cool.
 And you now get spider tourism.
 People visit these nature reserves because their webs are, I mean, they are massive and
 they're webs are massive too.
 The webs are apparently the size of a normal pizza.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 And then, obviously, when they give birth, there's thousands and thousands more.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 So little baby ones.
 Yeah, right.
 Pretty good mums.
 The female fan runs by.
 It's not all spiders are.
 Not all spiders are.
 Well, female, she has an egg sack, which is just a big bag of eggs and she carries it round
 for three weeks in this bag.
 And if it gets too cold, she will lift the bag up towards the sun.
 And if it gets too hot, she would dunk it in the water to cool it down a bit.
 And she goes that whole time without eating because, you know, busy.
 And then she spins this nursery web, as it's called, the size of a pizza.
 And suspends that above water.
 And if you go to the north and broads to see these things, you can see these disks just off
 the path in the water, these nursery webs, full of the spiderlings.
 But yeah, spiders.
 Well, these ones, just one more thing about these ones.
 They're one of only two spiders protected in UK law.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 The Ladybird spider is the other one.
 It's the Wildlife and Countryside Act of 1981.
 So if you intentionally kill, injure or take a raft spider, then you guilty of an offence.
 And if you say that you're intending to sell one as well, that's illegal.
 On the dark web.
 Oh.
 Oh.
 Thank you.
 Very, very good.
 Thank you.
 Very, very good.
 Other animals that you are not allowed to kill in the UK, the water bite, the grasshopper,
 the trembling sea mat, the slow worm, the glutinous snail, the small blue butterfly and
 the large blue, basically any blue butterfly.
 That's why we can't do almost the liberty to get me out of here in this country.
 Yeah.
 It's the place of Australia where we can eat everything.
 Did you say the glutinous sea mat?
 No, I said the glutinous snail.
 Oh, there was a sea mat in it.
 There's trembling on something.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, sea mat.
 That's an amazing, I've never heard of that.
 No.
 They live in the sea around the United Kingdom and they're basically algal mats, I think,
 tremors.
 That kind of knock off sponge bulb square pants is what I'm hearing.
 Yeah.
 I'll give you that.
 Are they just terrified the whole time?
 They shouldn't be because they're protected.
 Yeah.
 You know, it's rising sea levels, global warming.
 Yeah.
 Are there the only people that are worried?
 I think the scared of adding these buttons, just to bring that back.
 You know that spiders can inventimate you after they've been squished.
 What?
 So, this was a story from this year in California, there was a 37-year-old woman who went
 to the emergency room because her eye was all swollen and goopy and felt like it was burning.
 And apparently 20 minutes earlier, her husband had killed a Western and Black Widow spider
 with a hammer.
 It splattered in all directions and some of it went in her eye and she got invented.
 Oh my God.
 How closely was she looking at the spider?
 Before we hammered it, there's so much of that story that's horrible.
 Yeah, yes.
 The hammered a spider to death.
 It's an awful story.
 I think what I'm saying is don't squish spiders.
 No.
 There's no need to.
 No, there are friends.
 Yeah.
 Well, Black Widow spiders are not our friends.
 I don't know.
 But they're still important to the ecosystem.
 Absolutely.
 Yeah.
 So am I.
 Yeah.
 That's a human being.
 There's too many of us.
 Yeah.
 Not you personally, but in terms of the ecosystem.
 No, no, that's fine.
 But if we're going to start with anyone, Andy, we might as well, you know.
 I feel like I have a good run.
 I always say to my daughter, whenever the spider, I'm like spiders are our friends and they're
 really important.
 And I am actually terrified of spiders, so I don't really believe it when I say it.
 I mean, I do believe it, but I'm like hiding my fear.
 You have to show that you're not afraid of this trick.
 Do you find that it helps you that it's helping your response to spiders that you now
 can't?
 Maybe.
 I suppose so.
 I can't show fear in front of my daughter.
 Yeah.
 It's a reinforced fear.
 Yeah.
 So actually, I think it's really good for lots of, you know, lots of people to walk when
 they have children to then temper it, and then you go, actually, I am less panicky about
 it.
 And if you have to be the person that puts it safely outside, do you realize my wife does
 that?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 But that's only because you're trying to arouse her.
 Did you do down the drain?
 Did you get the photo I sent you recently, not long ago, for Big Spider and a little while
 we didn't reply to?
 Was it, well, was it mum?
 It was a big spider.
 On email.
 No, it was WhatsApp.
 Oh, yeah.
 I don't recall.
 How big was it?
 It was big.
 It was a house spider.
 But it was a big one.
 It was in my house.
 It was not only in my house, Sarah.
 It fell onto my naked shoulder as I sat in bed.
 Andy, I've got an experience very, very, very similar where I was once cancelling a dentist
 appointment, and I could feel a little thing of hair in my face like this.
 Oh, no.
 I was just brushing this hair off, because I was interested in what you were saying about
 the hair balancing on the water.
 I was just brushing this hair off my face.
 So first in the morning, and then I pushed, and then I heard it hit the floor, and it
 was so massive.
 And there's a mirror there, and I think, if I'd actually seen it on my face, I would have
 died.
 If I'd actually seen it on my face, I'd just felt it there.
 So having just got out of it, they do come on us in the night.
 They do come on us in the night.
 And I did see the photo now that you say it, Andy.
 I do remember.
 It was bad.
 It was bad.
 A glass couldn't fit over it.
 Well, yeah.
 I have very narrow necked glasses.
 But still.
 You should have only drank champagne.
 I should have started with the flute.
 I should have gone with the marion.
 But that was my fault.
 And it was just from a clear blue sky, from a ceiling, basically, from a ceiling.
 What the heck?
 Yeah.
 I find it.
 So as someone who spent my teenage years in Australia, I don't.
 They're friendly here, comparative to Australia, where they kill you.
 So it's, I don't find them in any way scary here.
 There's a few.
 There was a great incident I read about.
 We're a guy called Matthew Stevens.
 He was a chef.
 And he was cleaning behind a freezer at the Quantac Gateway pub in Bridgewater when
 suddenly he would, yeah, we've all been there.
 And he was, he was bitten twice on his hand by what turned out to be a Brazilian wandering
 spider.
 And that is very dangerous.
 Yes.
 They come in like bananas, don't they?
 And this is where this came from.
 It traveled in the bananas overseas, made it to him.
 And this is, this is how intense the spider, this kind of spider is.
 Once he knocked it off of him, he knocked it into an open freezer, and then he drenched
 it in boiling water.
 And it still was just fine.
 Well, that's because you've got hot and cold.
 It was just a very pleasant temperature.
 Oh, you're right.
 This is on a spa, it's like a lukewarm bar.
 Yes.
 The spider's thinking, oh, I will review the Quantac's well.
 Yeah.
 And so they collected the spider in the jar and they brought it to where he was at the
 hospital.
 Someone in the hospital.
 Why did they do that?
 I guess if you want to start.
 Yeah.
 You meant to show what bit you, because you're like, we need the anti-vener.
 Sorry.
 I was recovering in hospital and they found it and brought it in here like a year ago.
 You were there.
 You were there.
 The worst is when I was attacked by a bear, and I had to bring the bear into the hospital.
 So this is why I was attacked by a bear.
 Yeah, but so they brought it in and it was in a jar, and then someone who worked in the
 hospital saw it and thought, oh, I should put this back out and let it back loose.
 Oh.
 Oh, it's in the wild.
 Yeah.
 And they said we probably shouldn't worry, because it was probably going to die a couple
 of days after.
 I think it wouldn't like it in which water.
 Yeah.
 Exactly.
 It's the temperatures.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Drief, should we have a positive spide effect, as opposed to all this scary stuff?
 Some people think, I want to say people, I mean, scientists, consider that a spide is web
 should be considered part of its mind.
 Right.
 Okay.
 This is where it is, isn't it?
 So it's an externalisation of, not of consciousness, but of thought.
 Is that why?
 Yeah.
 Because I guess the web, if it's as far away from it feels the movement, therefore your
 brain is registering.
 Exactly.
 Right.
 And they have foresight.
 They change their web structure based on how much they have left in their silk glands.
 So if they're running a bit low, they'll make a simpler web.
 So it's kind of an external brain in lots of ways.
 So it would be like antennae going off what Dan said in terms of, or, you know, like, animals
 where they can feel whether they're going to a space that's too small, that there's an externalisation
 of sense, isn't it?
 Right, whiskers.
 Yeah, whiskers.
 Yeah.
 Although they'll do market research on what's hitting their web and sticking.
 So if prey is hitting it and bouncing off, they'll rejig the web so it's got more sticky
 pads on it to catch more.
 Or if the local prey is a different size to what they're expecting, they'll change the
 web based on that.
 It's so cool.
 It's really good, isn't it?
 They are good.
 Yeah.
 That's right.
 The male Asian hermit spiders become better at fighting if you cut their penises off.
 Yeah.
 Like what they're getting in the way, or what is it that's?
 No.
 So what, they're one of these spiders where after they've had sex, they usually remove
 their penises and keep it inside the female's reproductive tract.
 Oh, yeah.
 No other male can.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, there's a plug.
 Oh.
 But they also get...
 It's really common.
 It's really common.
 In nature, yes, because it's one of the best ways of sperm competition.
 Yeah.
 But the other thing they do to make sure that their sperm is successful is they become very,
 very aggressive and they start fighting off any other spiders who come and try and make
 with the female.
 And so that means if you just cut the penis off, then they still get all these hormones
 or whatever they are to make them really aggressive and they'll just get really, really
 fighting.
 So what are you proposing?
 Just go proposal here.
 We have a lot of modifications to the British army.
 Okay, that's it, that is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we've said over
 the course of this podcast, we can all be found online.
 I'm on @tribaland on Instagram.
 James.
 There's no such thing as James Harkin.
 Andy?
 Mine is Andrew Hunter M and Sarah.
 Sarah Pasco on Instagram.
 Yeah.
 And you're on tour now, yeah?
 Yes, yeah.
 I'm on tour until March 2026.
 So if anyone like to come, I'm going to put in some facts about spiders.
 And Helen, you've got a free ticket if you want to go.
 Yeah, or you can get to us as a group by emailing us on podcast@qy.com.
 All of those emails make their way over to Andy.
 Andy often picks out some of them to include in our bonus show that we do called Drop Us
 Align.
 And that's part of a thing called Club Fish.
 It's a very exciting private members club that we've set up that has all sorts of bonus
 material that you can get access to.
 So check that out and you can check that out by going to our website.
 No such thing as a fish.com.
 There's also merch up there.
 Otherwise just come back here next week because we will be back with another episode and
 we'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 [Music]
