 We run it on QI a few years ago and which was, there's no such thing as a fish.
 You have no such thing as a fish.
 No, seriously, it's in the Oxford Dictionary of Underwater Life.
 He says it right up, first paragraph, no such thing as a fish.
 Hello and welcome to season two of No Such Thing as a Fish.
 This is the QI podcast coming to you from our offices in Covenant Garden.
 My name is Dan Trigram, I'm sitting here with Anichesensky, James Harkin and Andy Murray,
 and these are our favorite facts from the last seven days.
 So in no particular order, here we go.
 James.
 Okay, my fact is the Aztecs won necklaces made from popcorn.
 Was it done like, you know the necklaces, the candy necklaces that you have?
 Yeah, kind of like that on a string.
 Yeah, on a string.
 Was it like that?
 But was it there so that they could eat the popcorn?
 No, it was there because they used popcorn as like an offering to the gods
 because it was an important crop.
 Wait, did the Aztecs actually pop the corn?
 Well, did they just eat it as corn?
 Yes, they heated it up, yeah.
 Wow.
 God, I think a popcorn has basically hasn't existed since before the Odin cinema has existed.
 Yeah.
 And yes.
 It used to not be allowed into cinemas, no.
 Yeah, in the early days, it was you had to buy it outside at a vendor and eat it outside.
 And then when the Great Depression happened,
 and motion picture sound and all that came and they started selling inside,
 that's when they noticed how popular it was inside of the building.
 What happened was that the first cinemas wanted to be like theatres,
 so they had very beautiful carpets and very beautiful walls and stuff.
 And they thought that if they saw popcorn, people would just tread it into the carpets.
 Makes total sense.
 Yeah, that's a ridiculous item to have an cinema.
 They used to eat it for breakfast in America.
 They, uh, they mixed it with milk and sugar and cream.
 So it was kind of like a rice crispy, in a way.
 Yeah, popcorn was also marketed originally as pearl or non-perre,
 either French for without equal.
 Not nice, not classy.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I have a cool thing about popcorn, just popcorn, it's called popcorning.
 This is chain reactions, so it happens in a popcorn bag, I think.
 But 1700 nuclear weapons have in the UK,
 have design flaws, which could conceivably cause multiple warheads
 to explode one after the other, which is known as popcorning.
 I like the idea of giving like really non-threatening names
 to really threatening things.
 Well, mushroom, you know, mushroom platform.
 Well, you hate mushrooms, though.
 Yeah, it's true, I find mushrooms on their own very threatening.
 Do you know that during World War II,
 they tried to ban the production of popcorn?
 The one I hate.
 Yeah, to noisy would alert German bombers to cities.
 Yeah.
 Uh, they argued that popcorn production should be forbidden
 because it was just non-essential at the time.
 It was like, we got more important things to do than popcorn.
 Uh, but this led to the creation of the National Popcorn Association
 and they published a patent plate called popcorn is a fighting food,
 which I'll argue that popcorn contained
 twice as many energy units as a pound of steak,
 and it was a morale builder.
 [laughs]
 Popcorn was the first food to be cooked intentionally by a microwave.
 Was it really?
 Yeah, it was.
 The microwave that was discovered by a guy called Percy Spencer,
 he walked past a magnetron in World War II,
 and he noticed that the chocolate in his pocket had melted,
 and so he thought, well, I wonder what that could have been.
 He realized it must have been this machine,
 and so then he got some popcorn, put it next to the machine,
 and then it did cook, and that was the first time they ever realized it.
 It's the most positive reaction I've ever heard
 does someone having chocolate melt in their pocket?
 Yeah, glad that he made the connection
 that you then put the thing in the machine
 as opposed to cooking everything in your pocket,
 just by walking around the next stage.
 Yeah, that could have been how we microwaved everything.
 So on Aztecs, I actually went to the Beyond Eldorado exhibition
 at the British Museum recently, which was excellent,
 and I think it might be over now, so sorry,
 I probably shouldn't have mentioned that.
 But if a wealthy Aztec died and was cremated,
 then a dog had to be cremated with them
 so that it could guide them through the afterlife.
 Their relationship with their gods, you know,
 20,000 people were sacrificed.
 They did have a human sacrifice.
 For a year.
 They used to...
 20,000 dogs as well, that means.
 Yeah, that's...
 They used to take hallucinogens, didn't they?
 The ritual leaders would take hallucinogens
 to get closer to the gods.
 And at this exhibition, they have these amazing masks.
 So then they put masks on a certain animal,
 so they were called Batman, or Batman,
 you'd be Batman if you wore this Batman mask.
 And they thought it transformed you into a bat.
 So they'd take a hallucinogenic, put a Batman mask on,
 and I guess just run around the tribe going...
 I'm Batman.
 I'm Batman.
 They also had Jaguar people, didn't they?
 Yes, they asked Aztecs to do that, I think.
 They would kill a Jaguar,
 get inside their flesh,
 and then they would be like the main warriors.
 So they're not actually...
 Despite the fact that we call them Aztecs,
 they're not Aztecs.
 Well, they didn't call themselves...
 Yeah, we've given them that name.
 They call themselves Mexico.
 That's right.
 Yeah, so how does that happen?
 That we were all cool would still
 calling them something they're not.
 It feels like another example of good old
 western ignorance.
 Yeah, it is.
 The Aztec word for gold, do you know what that is?
 No.
 It is...
 I don't know if I can pronounce this.
 Teu-quit-lattle, which literally means "excrement of the gods".
 Oh, okay.
 The gods pooed it right out,
 and then they, I guess they offered it my batch of them.
 Well, Montezuma had a nephew called Quit-la-huak,
 which meant plenty of poo.
 Or dry-excrement.
 Dry-excrement.
 Wow.
 Montezuma's revenge.
 Have you heard of that?
 That's having a dodgy tummy,
 when you travel to Mexico.
 So this guy's name is just completely associated with trams.
 Montezuma now means lots and lots and lots of experts.
 Speaking of excrement and old American languages, as we were,
 so Des Moines, you know, the city in Iowa.
 Yeah.
 Build racism from there.
 Is he?
 Oh, well, perhaps he knows that a new linguistic study has been done,
 which shows that the name literally
 probably means "shit face",
 and it was a mistake.
 So when they were naming it,
 they asked the Native Americans what the place was called,
 and they said Des Moines,
 which was the insulting name that they called their rival tribe,
 which was "shit face".
 And now...
 And now that's what it is called "shit face".
 Oh my god.
 So everyone needs to realize...
 You could say I'm feeling absolutely demoined at the moment.
 I think so.
 Let's get going.
 Yeah.
 And that ruler we were talking about.
 Montezuma.
 Yeah, Montezuma.
 He had a zoo.
 Montezuma.
 Hence the name.
 Yeah, Montezuma.
 He missed a trick there if it wasn't called that.
 He related to Jacob's Zuma by any chance.
 I don't know.
 Brother I doubt it.
 But he had exotic animals, obviously,
 but it also include dwarfs, albinos, and hunchbacks.
 So a bit of a human zoo.
 A bit of a PC nightmare.
 All right.
 If he was still around.
 If you tried to do that today,
 they wouldn't let you.
 Yeah.
 It's a political correctness, gone.
 Okay.
 Let's move on to fact number two.
 And that comes from you, Chazinski.
 Yes, my fact today is that in 2011,
 China tried to pass over scene from the film Top Gun
 as footage of its own Air Force.
 That's amazing.
 Yep. It was a state broadcaster, China Central TV,
 or obviously as we know it, CCTV.
 Yep.
 And it was a news bulletin in a report about training exercises
 that were being undertaken by the Air Force.
 And it was showing an example of a successful strike
 on an aeroplane.
 And this explosion, and we'll post it on the website
 in slow motion.
 I mean, it's the explosion from Top Gun.
 With a straight face reporter going
 and this is them successfully blowing up an aeroplane here.
 Wow.
 Well, Top Gun was a propaganda movie for America anyway.
 It was partly funded by the Pentagon.
 Was it?
 Yeah, in order to get people to sign up for the military.
 When it was on, in the cinemas,
 they had recruitment tables in the theatres
 so that people could just sign up.
 Yeah, and apparently that was the highest recruitment period
 they've ever had.
 Because everyone came out of the cinema just buzzing.
 Just go, "Girl, America!"
 And then there was a booth and they were like, "Yeah!"
 And then a month later, they find themselves being shot at.
 Yeah, they're like, "What happened then?"
 I thought this was about a volleyball and showers.
 Yeah, yeah, exactly.
 I have not seen Top Gun.
 No, I mean, so please no spoilers.
 Sorry.
 But I have seen the live stage show of it,
 which featured no props except the guys doing planes.
 They held their arms behind me and went, "Pooh!"
 And that was it. They did all the dogfights.
 You're kidding.
 It's a very bad hour.
 Talking about the fact that recruitment went up,
 which I did by 500 percent, I think,
 recruitment for Navy pilots.
 Also, sales of Ray Bans post Top Gun.
 This is a bit of a spoiler Andy.
 If you haven't seen it, they wear a lot of Ray Bans.
 Oh, man.
 They went up by 40 percent.
 Did they? Yeah.
 I love it when something influences the market.
 When 50 Shades of Grey came out,
 rope sales and hardware store went through the roof.
 But also, every cultural artifact as I see it with it.
 So there's that, is it's Ben Minalion?
 There's a classical music piece,
 which is referred to quite a lot in the book.
 And sales of that absolutely rocketed.
 There was a new story when John Prescott
 was found playing Croquet on his lawn.
 And the sales of Croquet sets went up by three times.
 Wow.
 I thought you were going to say they plummeted.
 No. Everyone returning their croquet set.
 No, so she think it's bad publicity.
 No, no. Okay, well.
 Well, China has got formal this, haven't they?
 Because at the Olympics in 2008,
 didn't they have one adorable looking girl singing a song
 at the opening ceremony?
 And it was revealed that she had not actually
 been the one singing.
 They hit a slightly less telegenic girl
 behind a screen somewhere.
 Maybe locked in an attic,
 just singing into a microphone.
 Wonderful.
 You mentioned China having formed.
 There are a couple of other amusing
 Chinese news agencies stories.
 A few years ago, the state news agency published a health report.
 And it was illustrated with this X-ray scan of a human head.
 But they use an X-ray scan of Homer Simpson's head.
 And if you're looking up, I mean, it's Homer Simpson's head.
 Well, with that one where he has a very, very tiny brain.
 Yeah, exactly.
 With two monkeys like picking flames off each other.
 Is the tiny brain huge, everyone?
 Oh, my God.
 I'm just on the Wikipedia page for propaganda
 in the People's Republic of China.
 And there's nothing there.
 Well, that's, I remember the story.
 When I first started with QI, it was a fact I found.
 It was that when China realized the power of the internet,
 they got really nervous.
 So they hired a man to sort it out,
 gave him a computer, sat in a room.
 He came out at the end of the day going,
 "This is a bit bigger than we realized."
 One dude who was meant to literally go through every forum going,
 "Hey, you guys, stop talking about that."
 There's just been a recruitment drive
 in the Chinese military.
 And they've changed the rules slightly
 to get more people in the army.
 So they've introduced new height requirements
 which have been reduced by two centimeters,
 so slightly shorter people can get in.
 They've changed the weight restrictions,
 because actually most people have put on more weight
 because of obesity crisis.
 They've reduced eyesight requirements,
 so people who are more short-sighted can now get in.
 And they're allowing people with tattoos,
 which they didn't before.
 Wow.
 So the Chinese army will now be very short,
 fat, tattoos, short-sighted,
 and probably running the wrong way,
 because they can't see where they're going.
 And haven't we just changed the rules
 for the British army reserved,
 so that you can now have face or neck tattoos,
 neck tattoos sound very painful to me.
 I did read a book about a guy who got one tattooed
 in the second world war on the inside of his foreskin,
 saying, "Hi, Doc."
 Yeah, for medical examinations and things like that.
 So there's a real top gun school,
 that supposedly you get a $5 fine
 if anyone in staff quotes the movie top gun.
 So it's a military training for...
 They should call it military planning.
 That saves time, which is vital in the heat of battle.
 You should be a soldier, Andy.
 Top gun school, if you're listening,
 I am free for consultancy work.
 He has tattoos all over his face,
 so I'm not on the inside of his foreskin element.
 But he did in the mirror, so it says, "Cod."
 In 2013, India's army spent six months watching Chinese spide drones
 violating its airspace,
 only to find out that they were actually Jupiter and Venus.
 That is embarrassing.
 We were talking about media mistakes,
 and this is just my favourite one.
 In 2008, a Christian website was publishing a story about Tyson Gay,
 who, you know, the sprinter Tyson Gay.
 So this Christian website in America wasn't allowed to use the word gay.
 It had an automated system,
 which whenever it sold the word gay,
 changed it to homosexual, so this website published in Huntsville.
 We're wearing the Tyson homosexual all the way through.
 Tyson homosexual was a blur and blues,
 sprinting 100 meters fast, anyone else has.
 It means a lot to me the 25-year-old homosexual said,
 "I'm glad my body could do it."
 That's fantastic.
 It's called the scum thought problem, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 When computers misrepresent something as being rude,
 because of the fall at a wedding, the word scum thought.
 People living in scum thought couldn't put their addresses into certain
 computer systems because it had that word.
 Another place with that problem is a penistone,
 but it's spelt penistone.
 What is a penistone I wonder?
 Anyone impersonate that?
 Yeah, it's like, um, yeah, exactly.
 You need to bang a fork on it, you're tuning.
 Okay, time for fact number three.
 And that is my fact.
 My fact is that in 2003,
 somebody misplaced the master keys to the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory,
 which is the home of the fastest computer in the world,
 and it's a lab where they develop all science and technology for America's national security.
 Due to the loss of these keys, they had to replace the locks,
 and those locks cost $1,700 to change.
 I mean, that's a good day for a locksmith.
 But that's, that's, I mean, it makes sense when you hear it, really,
 because obviously they've got the best locks in the world.
 What's so great about these locks?
 And they're like those ones that, how my mum opens a car,
 where you can click them and open it.
 No, I don't think ten yards away, because that's pretty amazing.
 I reckon they're better.
 No, they can't be.
 Yeah, I think they've got a deadbolt on them,
 because those are really good, those ones.
 You have to have them on your front door to get insurance, top tip.
 They could be like chub locks, they're quite good.
 Chub, it's a nice word as well.
 Chub, yeah.
 Also a fish, of course, either a fish or a lock.
 Don't confuse them.
 And a lock, a lock is part of a canal system,
 which has water, which is also a place where fish can live.
 That's true, yeah.
 That's probably where the connection happened.
 A chub block, yeah, yeah.
 Okay, that's enough for that fact, sir.
 I feel like no one's taking my fax seriously here.
 Oh no, no, no, we're not.
 Have you guys been about Volvo's new plan?
 I think it was only announced this year,
 so they remotely unlock your car and deliver your shopping into it.
 And then leave again, but you'd cool Tesco and be like,
 deliver my shopping to my car.
 Click that option on your Tesco online shop.
 They arrive, give your text, you go, okay, yeah, you can unlock it.
 Isn't that cool?
 Are you just sitting in the office?
 Do your online shop go back to your car and it's just there?
 It's a bit, I mean, it sounds like we're heading to sort of like,
 I've ordered takeaway.
 They literally, they come through my front door
 and just put the food in my mouth.
 I have a zip car in London and you open,
 you can open those with your mobile phone.
 Yeah, me too, I always find it incredible.
 I have another example of that lock changing disaster.
 Oh yeah, this was a few years ago in 2006,
 at Felton Young Offender's Institution,
 they had to spend £250,000 changing the locks.
 Basically, a TV news guru had been in
 and they had filmed a prison key.
 And as a result, all the locks had to be changed.
 What in case somebody saw the footage and could recreate that key?
 Okay, somebody took a photo, printed the photo,
 made it a 3D model, pressed it into a cake of soap.
 You'd have to have a very high definition TV to get that key, right?
 Yeah, that's true.
 That's what also happens on TV when we once put a photograph
 of a bank note or something.
 They make you put specimen on it so people can take a photo of the screen,
 print off the photo and then pass it off as money.
 Also, this is so cool.
 Banknotes have little things on them, little circles in patterns
 which stop photocopiers from photocopying them.
 It's amazing.
 I read that, but then I got a bank note
 and tried to photocopier on my photocopier and it worked.
 Oh.
 Ah.
 In September 2012, you could buy a set of
 master keys for New York City on eBay and the newspapers went a bit crazy about it
 and said it was a terrorist dream come truth
 and it's supposed to be able to help you turn off elevators in public buildings.
 But of course, in order to do that, you'd have to get past
 all of the security to get into the building in the first place.
 Well, this is the thing.
 You think that these places would have incredible security.
 So like, number 10 Downing Street has a phenomenal lock system
 in that it has no lock or no door handle.
 It's just nothing on the front of their door.
 You can only open it from the inside.
 Once you get inside, you can open the door anytime you like.
 Yeah.
 What happens if everyone goes out?
 This is the problem.
 That means that that house is never not occupied.
 How often do you think that screws up
 and David Cameron's left sitting on his doorstep?
 Well, apparently, I don't know how often someone's left outside,
 but apparently in the first five years that Tony Blair was at Downing Street,
 37 computers, 4 mobile phones, 2 cameras,
 a mini display, a video recorder, 4 printers,
 2 projectors, and a bicycle with stolen from the building.
 Wow.
 How does that happen?
 It's so it's bomb proof.
 It's a state of bomb proof metal.
 It was originally made of oak.
 And then there was an IRA attack.
 A mortar was launched into the back garden of number 10 in 1991.
 Do you guys remember when Gordon Brown got locked in a toilet
 and had to be rescued by Tony Blair?
 I think it was in the early 1990s when they went to discuss
 the potential leadership in the early 90s
 and they were having this meeting.
 Gordon Brown went to the Lou.
 Tony Blair waited there for 15 minutes.
 I was like, what is going on?
 The phone rang.
 He didn't answer it because he wasn't at his own house.
 And the answer came on and it was Gordon Brown upstairs going.
 Hello, Tony, I'm stuck in the toilet.
 Could you go and get me out?
 Is it because the toilet in 10 Downing Street
 doesn't have a hand?
 Speaking of stealing things, there was an EU summit in the 2000s
 and the catering staff went on strike
 because they weren't being paid.
 And so when all the politicians and the admin people
 and whatever went for lunch, there was no staff there.
 And they raided the whole thing and stole all the cutlery.
 Wow.
 Does this maybe explain where all our forks have gone
 from the QI office?
 I big scandal in the QI office at the moment.
 Supposedly, I've been throwing all the forks into the bin.
 That's the proof around.
 There is no proof.
 What's over here?
 It's the proof because you don't remember doing it.
 I just want to quickly turn it to this laboratory
 which looks after the supercomputers of the world.
 And there was an old fact I remember,
 which I think James, you found ages ago,
 which was that deep blue was the first computer
 to beat a grandmaster at chess.
 But it's subsequent career.
 Most people, when you win a major championship,
 there's a lot of glory at book deal and so on.
 It now works as a reservationist for a US airline.
 So it just deals with reservations.
 Yeah, they split it into two pieces.
 One half went to a museum and the other half worked for Panama.
 Wow, American Airlines.
 Wow, I'm glad that doesn't happen with people.
 Actually, like this Carlson is currently in the Oslo museum.
 Half is a trolley dolly with Oslo.
 I read as well that they've worked out
 that if you took all the information on the internet
 and you were to save it, do you know how many blu-ray discs
 it would take to save the entire internet?
 How many, if you fit it all onto blu-ray discs?
 Is there a weirdly small number like three?
 Weirdly it is quite small, 200 million.
 Which is, I think, I think that's quite small actually.
 I agree.
 Where are you going to put these?
 You're going to need a big showing unit.
 And the admin will be a nightmare.
 And then you're trying to get your favorite cat video.
 Why didn't you have a better size these days?
 Would you know how many emails are sent per day?
 Many millions.
 No.
 How long has it been going on?
 247 billion.
 Wow.
 The fastest ever internet connection.
 This fact's a few years old, so it probably isn't anymore.
 But this was a lady called Sigrid Lothberg.
 And she had an internet connection which was 40 gigabytes per second.
 And it was put in by her son who was a Swedish internet legend, Peter Lothberg.
 And what did she do with it?
 She dried her washing on it because it gave off so much heat
 and she didn't know what else to do with it.
 So she dried her washing with it.
 That's great.
 Did you guys know that internet on the moon now is faster than in most parts of rural Britain?
 What, had you get into, like, the...
 They called it broadband.
 That's how it was released.
 Wow, I didn't hold your phone up and try to speak to Siri through your helmet.
 Yeah.
 It'll be very hard to tap your phone properly with those gloves.
 Okay, it's time for the final facts of this episode.
 And we head over to Andrew Hunter Murray.
 My fact is, did you know that Ken is officially an accessory to Barbie?
 Brilliant.
 I really like that.
 He says she's not a feminist icon.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, this is very weird.
 Okay, so the Barbie and Ken, original, the original Barbie and Ken, Ken was named after the son
 of the Inventors of Barbie.
 But Barbie was named after their daughter, Barbara.
 Oh, yes.
 She's quite peculiar, a sort of brother sister thing.
 And Ruth, the wife of the couple who invented Barbie and Ken,
 argued for a bulge in his groin.
 But the design team refused to put one in.
 Yeah, he's famously bereft underneath those trousers, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 There is a trailer trash doll you can buy in America.
 It's called Turleine.
 It's a pregnant doll from 2005.
 And she's one of these talking dolls.
 And her catchphrases include,
 if the trailers are rockin, don't come a knockin.
 And pour me a double and drink him for two.
 What?
 Does she ever give birth?
 In some kind of traumatic night?
 Can you imagine that doll, the giving birth doll?
 They've got to make it.
 Well, they were used for good dolls during brown versus the Board of Education.
 When civil rights legislation was overturned in 1954,
 it was one of the first cases where a Supreme Court cited a social study
 in its reasons for making a certain decision.
 So this was when America agreed the segregation was a negative thing
 and had a negative effect on the people who were subject to it.
 And what they did was, in the experiment,
 they brought black and white dolls to schools that were segregated.
 So black schools.
 And they'd show the kids a black doll and a white doll and get them to say,
 "Which one do you think is a good doll, which is a bad doll?"
 And all the kids would go, "Oh, the white one's a good doll.
 I want to play with the white one."
 Because that's what they've brought up to think.
 And then they'd ask them, "Okay, in which doll do you think is more like you?"
 And almost all the kids got really, really upset.
 Meet them like cried or ran out of the room.
 Because suddenly they were identifying themselves with a doll.
 They just said was the bad doll.
 And that was cited by the Supreme Court when brown versus the Board of Education
 came to its conclusion.
 Oh, that is really interesting.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Here's another good use for a doll, which is, it's a nice use,
 but perhaps not as worthy as your use.
 There was a Chinese guy whose wife had died.
 And he became rather attached to his blow-up doll.
 And everyone started taking the Mickey out of him a little bit.
 And he got very upset.
 And so he decided to end it all.
 And eyewitnesses at the scene were horrified to see him plummet from the building,
 holding what they thought was a child.
 But it was actually his blow-up doll.
 And he very romantically jumped off the building with his blow-up doll,
 landed on the doll, the doll exploded, and he survived.
 Oh, wow!
 He murdered him up.
 She gave her life for him.
 Exactly, it's romantic.
 That's very romantic.
 That must have been a horrific moment.
 They went and saw this, what they thought was a child explode.
 You can get.
 This is slightly controversial.
 Dope on a rope.
 Dope on a rope was Saddam Hussein with a noose around his neck,
 which was commemorating his death.
 It's from a website called Hero Builders.
 And they've got over 100 satirical figures that you can get,
 including Tony Blair as an action man.
 You can get George Bush as a superhero.
 Michael Jackson holding a baby over.
 Well, that would be...
 Gordon Brown comes with his own part of Lou.
 That would be the same company, probably, which in 2002,
 were Simon Bin Laden dolls dramatically outsold Tony Blair dolls.
 Really?
 I think it was a bit of an embarrassment, yeah.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 Well, that was not the only firm to make Simon Bin Laden dolls,
 because in 2005, the CIA made a custom-made Bin Laden action figure,
 which they were thinking about distributing to children in the Middle East,
 and the face would peel off and reveal a much scarier red face with demonic eyes, and, you know...
 Oh, wow!
 So would usage of the toy suddenly Satan would appear?
 Yeah, exactly.
 Exactly.
 The healing wow.
 Yeah, okay.
 So that would apparently put children off.
 That would apparently make children support the war on Terremble.
 It would put them off dolls.
 It would put them off dolls, yeah.
 Now, kids love that kind of thing, don't they?
 Yeah, that's true.
 It's like a one-way rubbish transformer, that doll.
 Also, if you didn't explain the toy was going to do that,
 potentially that was the most costly thing that they've ever done in the CIA,
 with all the recalls of people sending in the toy back going.
 If you realize there was a demon face underneath this, do you see that?
 Yeah, I'm a packet.
 I thought I was as vicious when the CIA was sending dolls.
 Hey, by the way, just with the idea of a Sama being turned into a doll,
 when I read that story, it made me think about sort of villain merchandise,
 or dictator merchandise.
 Because they always, I just suddenly remembered that people like Saddam Hussein used to publish novels.
 Oh, he did, yeah.
 Yeah, he had four novels.
 And two of the novels actually were published in Japan and sold in shops.
 And a surprising number of people wrote like Gaddafi wrote a novel.
 What was the collection of short stories?
 And it was called Escape to Hell.
 And so did Kim Il Sung.
 The Turkmen dictator, Sapa Murat Niyazov, wrote a book of his spiritual thoughts,
 which became required reading if you wanted to pass your driving test.
 Oh, that's good.
 Completely, completely barking, man.
 There seems to be a genre of dictator lips.
 I think she called it "dicklet."
 Yeah.
 So I was, yeah, I was trying to find "dicklet" on online.
 You came up with some terrible Google results.
 Yeah, it's got about a hundred million blue rays of it now.
 But if you go to, if you go to Goodreads,
 one thing that Goodreads has, so while Twitter has followers and Facebook has likes,
 Goodreads has fans.
 You've become a fan of an author.
 Oh, no.
 So Kim Il Sung has one fan.
 Mousetong has 40 fans.
 Mussolini has 20 fans.
 Gaddafi has 34 fans.
 And Hitler?
 Well.
 390 fans.
 Oh, right.
 Yeah.
 Loving his book work.
 Mine Camp, obviously, very popular.
 And it's sequel.
 How does sequel?
 Mine Camp had a sequel?
 sequel to mine Camp in 1935 called "White Book," which literally means second book.
 I guess you'd run out of imagination by that.
 Maybe the editors said,
 "I think we should remove that difficult from the title at all."
 Okay, so that's it.
 That's another episode of "No Such Thing as a Fish Done."
 Cracking start to the new series.
 And if you want to get in touch with any of us about the things that we've said,
 you can get us on our Twitter handles.
 I'm on @tribaland, James, @egshaped, Andy, @andruhunterm,
 and Anna.
 You can get me on @clikipedia, the QI interviews piece.
 Yep, but if you want to get Anna on Twitter,
 generally #getAnna on Twitter.
 But also, if you head over to qi.com/podcast,
 we've got our pages up there with all the previous episodes,
 including stuff that will be specifically
 to do with this week's episode, video links,
 general links to other websites,
 anything that we can think of that kind of is relevant to the episode.
 That'll all be on there.
 You can explore the rest of the episodes,
 and also you'll see a button that can show you a way to visitingland.com
 where we've made an entire World Cup podcast called "International Factful."
 And, uh, yeah, we're going to be back again next week
 with more "No Such Thing as a Fish."
 We'll see you then. Good bye.
 [Music]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
