 Hi everybody, Dan and Andy here. We've got a couple of quick, exciting announcements before the show begins.
 That's right, we just want to let you know that this December we are going to be playing two live shows,
 our final shows of the year, the Christmas shows, we're going to be at the Bloomsbury Theatre on the 10th of December,
 and we're going to be at our old Stumpin' Ground up the creek on the 14th of December.
 Yes, they're going to be so much fun. They're going to be Christmassy, as Dan says.
 There's going to be a live podcast in each of them, plus an extra bonus half bursting with your fix,
 with special festive things. Dan's going to do his tinsel, twizzle trick, James is going to eat a sprout.
 And I will show you how to make eggnog. It's going to be a fabulous time.
 That's right. I cannot guarantee any of that will happen. However, what we can guarantee is an awesome, rock and roll night of nerd comedy.
 So do come along to that. And if you can't make it, but you're thinking, hey, I want to still celebrate Christmas in some way with fish.
 Well, we've got some exciting presents for you.
 Yes, we have launched a new range of lovely merchandise.
 We've got beautiful new t-shirts. We've got a fabulous pin bound set.
 We've got the official fish book, which is a gorgeous guide to fish, and it's full of facts and games and puzzles and articles and stupid stuff.
 We put that together for our tour earlier this year, and we think it's really great.
 All of these things are available now at no such thing as a fish dot com slash shop.
 There's a special bundle where you can get all three.
 If you are a fish fan or if you have a fish fan in your life and you think they'd like this as a Christmas present,
 we think this makes the perfect thing.
 It's all available globally.
 And if you order it now, it'll be there in time for Christmas.
 That's right. So head to know such thing as a fish dot com.
 You'll find links to those two December live shows.
 You'll also find links to everything that we've just spoken about in terms of t-shirts and badges and bundles.
 Do get the show tickets.
 Do buy some Christmas items and do enjoy the following episode.
 On with the show. On with the podcast.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of no such thing as a fish,
 a weekly podcast coming to you from the QI offices in Covent Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber. I am sitting here with Andrew Hunter Murray, Anna Tyshinski and James Harkin.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts from the last seven days.
 And in a particular order here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, that is James.
 OK, my fact this week is that the IK people of Uganda are the standard textbook example of a selfish society
 where members only look after themselves.
 It turns out they've just been misunderstood this whole time.
 It's so funny.
 And normally when you say something as a textbook example of something, it's just a figure of speech.
 And actually these people are used in textbooks about selfishness.
 They are by anthropologists.
 So this comes from a study in the 60s by a guy called Colin Turnbull.
 He published a book that described these people called the IK people,
 sometimes known as the IK people as extraordinarily unfriendly, uncharitable and mean.
 And he called them the Loveless People.
 It was really quite, it makes quite bad reading.
 Yeah.
 But then later on, a few more anthropologists came round and they looked into what he'd written
 and found out that he was probably, one, might have just made stuff up.
 But two, it was during a famine that he went to study them.
 And obviously when you're under the stress of a famine, you might act differently than you might do under normal circumstances.
 Hey, if I have a cup of tea, not delivered on time, I'd turn into a monster.
 That's true.
 But this is, when we say a few years later, am I right in saying it was decades later that finally?
 Because then that's the problem.
 No one went back to study the IK people and to find out that it was just they were having a bad couple of years, basically.
 He knew that.
 And actually, as a Turnbull defender, his whole thing, his whole thesis is,
 this is an example of what happens to human beings when they're having a really bad time.
 He says, for instance, the IK, like the rest of us, are kind, lighthearted, generous and jolly when they can afford to be.
 But they were very hungry at this stage.
 Therefore, they had to abandon superficial luxuries and be mean.
 Yes, he's saying all humans are like the IK.
 We're all capable of this.
 But is he then also misrepresented when he made a suggestion to the leaders of Uganda
 that they should all be taken off to different bits of Uganda in groups of 10 so that they could effectively stop existing?
 Yeah, no, he's not misrepresented. That's a bad idea.
 Yeah, in answer to your question, the reason why people didn't carry on studying them
 is because the IK people themselves were really upset about this book
 because they were told about it and they didn't trust any...
 Why?
 Yeah, exactly. They were sensitive as well.
 They didn't trust any more white people to come and study them at any stage for the next 30 years because of this one book.
 Yeah, I've got to say, the write-ups they got were so extreme.
 They were described as a haunting flower of evil in the corner of civilisation's garden.
 Yeah, not good.
 So lots of other writers then wrote more about them.
 So there was a writer called Lewis Thomas who was a pathologist who wrote,
 "They breed without love and they defecate on one another's doorsteps."
 I mean, if someone had written that about me, I would not invite them round for decades.
 Was that in Turnbill's book or did he just add the defecating on doorsteps as an extra?
 I actually think it might have been because another person came called Bernt Hyner
 who basically wrote the text saying everything that Turnbill wrote was wrong.
 He said that the yick told him that if Turnbill was ever to come back,
 they would force him to eat his own feces.
 Nice! That's a very good fitting punishment for what you've gained.
 Eat your words. Eat your terms more like.
 It's so unfair because these are some of the poorest people on the planet.
 Is it, you know, you've lined up 100 people, they're right at the other end of it in terms of the resources they have.
 And they couldn't do anything right to sort of rectify it, other than, you know, because they stopped people coming in.
 Other than the feces thing.
 Yeah, other than the feces thing.
 He's just got to wait for that moment.
 But I mean, it's just like, you know, like whenever no such thing as a fish is mentioned on Google,
 some of us have a ping that goes off and we see a mention, right?
 Any time they're like, "Hey, yick, you're in a new book. Are we really?"
 All they say about us, "Oh, that stuff again. Yeah, okay."
 But then, as James says, it's sort of been disproved by other studies, hasn't it?
 And I think the latest one is by a woman called Catherine Townsend who looked at them and said,
 "They behave when you do the dictator test with them,
 which is where you basically give someone in a group a bunch of resources."
 I can't remember what they gave them. Smarties or something.
 Sort of money, basically.
 And it's not whether you share them with people.
 And yeah, you ask how much you want to share it with people,
 and then they did it in accordance with all other beings.
 And so, Catherine Townsend's thesis is that humans aren't innately really bad,
 because as soon as the famine goes away, this culture of niceness recovers.
 So it's obviously always there.
 It's just like in extreme circumstances, you just physically can't do it anymore.
 Is it possible? I don't want to slander the ick people at all.
 I'm just curious.
 Is it at all possible that when Catherine Townsend went there,
 that it would be like going to North Korea and them showing you around,
 going, "Look at what a wonderful place this is!"
 And everyone is-- Hang on a second.
 Wait, rip off Dan's mask.
 Oh, my God. It's Colin Turnbull.
 Hello!
 I think they have other things to worry about
 than trying to ingratiate themselves to westerners.
 Turnbull gave some words in his work,
 like from the ick language, which is called "e-chai-tuad."
 But it turns out that a lot of the ones that he put in were wrong.
 And it appears that he went through his whole time with the ick people,
 saying a reply rather than a greeting whenever he met anyone.
 So it's like the equivalent of going down the street
 and whenever you see someone, you know, you're going, "Bye, thanks!"
 Which is very passive-aggressive.
 Yeah, don't worry about me.
 Yeah, you just get on with your life, mate.
 That's where they were rude to him.
 And this is also because he claimed that the person, Lameja,
 who was a guy who he hung out with a lot
 and who taught him the ick language,
 and he said Lameja is an example of a true ick.
 He's like a fundamental ick person.
 And then, Heiner, when he came back, you know, 20, 30 years later,
 said they told him Lameja was not an ick person at all.
 He'd come from a completely different tribe.
 And actually about half the people in Turnbull's book
 come from different tribes.
 Oh, wow.
 And they said Lameja couldn't really speak ick very well.
 He could speak sort of passable ick.
 So God knows what kind of nonsense he was saying.
 Do you want to learn some itche twad?
 Yeah. What's that?
 This is the language of the ick people.
 Oh, nice. OK, yeah, yeah.
 So the word "dan".
 Oh. Do you know what that means?
 Cool dude.
 Is that, is that feces?
 We have our own bit of nominative determinism on this show.
 Can you give it to us in an English sentence?
 Replace "dan" in and see if we can.
 OK, "Dan told me a fact and I replied to him, 'Dan.'"
 Bullshit.
 It means exactly or precisely.
 Oh, what about this one?
 "I looked over into the distance
 and I saw an Anna prancing by."
 Oh, drunk.
 They're not, they haven't based the language on us.
 I'll say gazellef.
 "It's a male kudu, so pretty close."
 Yeah, and what about this one?
 "I poured some muzz over my plants."
 [LAUGHTER]
 Amazing.
 Is it water?
 It isn't.
 It's a cactus-like tree which you burn
 and you use the ashes as fertilizer.
 Oh, wow.
 Who is your stand-in next week, actually?
 [LAUGHTER]
 That's great.
 This, Kotlin Turnbull, I just want to,
 while we're sort of saying that he's not
 the worst person because this does make him feel
 like he sort of absolutely ruined a group of people.
 He also studied a group in Zaire, a group of pygmies,
 and he wrote a brilliant book about them
 and he did recordings of their music in Zaire,
 of the pygmies.
 He collected some of their songs
 and he commercially released a few from other tribes as well.
 But the one that he did with the Zaire pygmies
 was "Girls Singing an Initiation Song."
 And that now, as a result of Kotlin Turnbull,
 is going to last for millions of years into the universe
 because it was included on the Voyager 2 Golden Diss.
 Oh, was it?
 And that's down to, yeah, Kotlin Turnbull.
 But he probably mistranslated it and it's actually saying,
 "Fuck you, aliens, don't come back."
 Earth invaded due to him accidentally including a reply
 instead of a greeting.
 We're fine, thanks.
 We're good.
 The Ike people have some fun ceremonies,
 right to passage.
 Come on.
 So one is the beer of the axes,
 which actually is not that fun
 if it was me, but it would be fun for you guys.
 And that's basically where to thank the men
 for doing all the farming and harvesting all the fields.
 They can demand beer from the women
 and they all go and gather in the big village center.
 And then every woman has to bring this big vat of beer
 and all the men get to drink it.
 That sounds cool.
 Yeah, I don't think...
 It doesn't say that they stop the women from participating.
 So I'm sure they can get pissed as well.
 There's another ceremony they have called
 "The Blessing of the Seeds,"
 which is, again, good for me,
 but not so good for the rest of you.
 Everyone goes to a special tree.
 They bring their seeds for the year
 and the seeds get blessed.
 And then, again, there's loads and loads of beer.
 And everyone gets to drink the beer,
 but it goes in age order.
 So the oldest person gets to drink first
 and no one's allowed to drink
 until the oldest person's had theirs.
 Oh, that's great.
 You're going to regret that
 because pride will make you down it all.
 And in an hour's time, you're feeling an idiot.
 I'm as young as I've always been.
 So Ike weddings,
 the very start of the wedding,
 they have a thing called the smearing.
 Can you guess what the smearing is?
 It's when you test for a cervical cancer, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 Is it like an anointment?
 You know, because in the coronation,
 don't we smear our monarchs
 with some ceremonial stuff?
 That's pretty much right.
 So the couple sits side by side
 and they're rubbed with oil by an old woman.
 - Lovely. - So it's pretty much that.
 The bride then brings the groom to a tree
 and he has to throw a spear at it
 and has to hit the tree.
 And then they go back to the house
 and the bride needs to make like a stew for everyone.
 So it's kind of to show that his skills are in hunting
 and her skills are in the household stuff.
 And the groom has to pay a payment
 for touching the bride's breasts.
 - Is that a pay per touch or is it a?
 - It's a one off.
 - It's a one off.
 It's like all the times I've previously touched them,
 I'm paying off and now,
 or is it I'm paying in advance,
 I'm going to get to touch these breasts forever.
 - I think the understanding is
 that you won't have touched them at that stage
 and you're paying for the opportunity
 to touch them for the first
 and hopefully future touch.
 (all laughing)
 - And the last time, thank you very much.
 - And then you can't rent,
 I don't think it's like a pay per month thing,
 is it, it's all at once.
 - I think it's 2.99 a month
 but if you pay for the full year, it's a lot of money.
 - If you stick in the offercode fish,
 you'll get those breasts for this one pound 50 a month.
 Just on selfishness and the opposite,
 but mostly selfishness.
 Someone around this table,
 probably going to be more selfish than the rest of us.
 - It's you.
 (all laughing)
 - Yes.
 - Is it women?
 - It's something to do with what's happened
 to all of us in the last 24 hours.
 - Oh, Dan had a full English breakfast before he got here.
 - Weirdly, it is Dan,
 but it's not because he had a full English breakfast
 before he got here.
 - Oh, really?
 - Okay, listeners, you've just been let into some insight.
 Apparently the most controversial thing I've ever done
 is had a full English breakfast before today's recording.
 - It's not because of your breakfast, Dan.
 That's the good news.
 (all laughing)
 - What else is Dan,
 how much do you know about Dan's last 24 hours?
 Do we all know this about Dan?
 - And what could possibly top my full English breakfast?
 - We can also mine it by what we know about Dan,
 which is that Dan-
 - Okay, his hair is very scruffy right now.
 So are you saying, like, if you don't shower, maybe-
 - It's not a showering thing.
 - What Dan's done that I haven't, have you?
 - We've all done this in the last 24 hours,
 but Dan probably done a bit less than the rest of us of it.
 Sleep, Dan, you've got a new baby.
 You've probably had a bit less sleep
 than us in the last 24 hours, I guess.
 I mean, you've got to, you know,
 create time for that full English breakfast.
 (all laughing)
 Sleeplessness, we think, makes you more selfish.
 - It makes you more hungry, I know that much.
 - Yeah.
 (all laughing)
 No, so basically, they looked at this database
 of charitable donations,
 and they didn't do it with individual surveys.
 They looked at three million charitable donations
 and the days on which they happened.
 And one of the days was after the clocks changed.
 - Oh yeah, really?
 - So, you know, you switch, you change the clocks
 and half the year you get an hour less sleep.
 And donations dropped quite substantially
 the day after people had just a little bit less sleep.
 So that's the theory, you know?
 - 'Cause I always think, you know,
 those chuggers who try and get money off you,
 I always feel like if I have less energy
 to kind of walk straight past them,
 then I'm more likely to give them stuff.
 - Oh, so you're the opposite of that.
 - I feel like it, I might not give you, but.
 - Less energy to walk, if you're not so collapsing.
 You can't put one foot in front of the other.
 - They don't even net.
 (all laughing)
 - They do, like maybe three of them
 are coming from different directions.
 It's like, you know those, is it humpback whales
 that they hunt by making bubbles around the fish
 so that fish can't escape?
 That's how I feel with those guys.
 - Actually, on animals and selfishness,
 it's very hard to find out selfish animals
 because you try every way of Googling most selfish animal
 and obviously everyone says,
 "Oh, humans are the most selfish animal aren't they?"
 And, you know, I think maybe we need to look a bit deeper.
 So, Adele penguins, I think do a funny thing,
 which is disputed by a zoo that has them
 and insists they don't.
 But, Adele penguins, when they all flock to the water's edge,
 you've probably seen them standing on the edge
 of an ice flow or something.
 And they all gather at the water's edge,
 but they're all too nervous to be the first one to jump in,
 as you would because there might be a big old leopard seal
 or something under the water.
 So, you see them shuffling closer and closer
 and then they wait for either one of them to fall in
 to check that they don't get eaten,
 or they do sometimes push each other in.
 - And you can see videos of...
 - Like with a sneaky flipper on the bum kind of pushing in.
 - That's so funny.
 - A little bit of, yeah, tripping over.
 - Yeah, haven't we seen videos of a penguin putting its foot out
 and one tripping over as it's walking by?
 - I feel like I've seen that. - Is that Charlie Chaplin?
 That's Charlie Chaplin.
 - I haven't, but I want to.
 - Are you guys...
 Do you guys give money to charity ever?
 - Yeah.
 - Right.
 - No, I refuse.
 - Okay, well...
 - That's a joke.
 - Sorry if the chuggers outside Pinsbury Park Station
 are listening.
 No, I don't.
 Okay, so this is a really interesting thing.
 In aggregate, people don't tend to like charitable people
 as much as they like other kinds.
 Okay, so...
 - So does that mean I have to stop on my direct debit
 so that people like me?
 - I'm afraid that's what's been standing between you
 and the universal popularity.
 No, this is a study, again, Yale and Oxford this time around,
 and it was in 2018, and people were asked,
 they were given some people and choices over
 whether they'd like to hang out with these people or not, right?
 So they created a scenario, right?
 Granny has won $500 in the lottery.
 Should she give that to her grandson
 who needs to fix his car?
 Or should she give it to a malaria charity?
 Now, obviously overall, it probably does more good
 being given to the charity,
 but people were way more likely to say
 that if they were looking for a friend or a spouse
 or whatever, they would like grandson, car, Granny.
 Yeah.
 - That's interesting because that 500 quid
 goes into a huge pot at the charity,
 but then to the guy who needs his car fixing,
 it solves all of his problems immediately.
 - It solves all of his problems.
 I bet he's got other personal problems.
 - Well, he doesn't know anything about that.
 All we know about this guy is that his car's broken.
 - No, and you can finally drive
 to the Malaria Research Institute
 where he can continue his work.
 Unfortunately, there's no money to fund his ideas.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two,
 and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that in 1797,
 an author was so criticized
 for the lack of punctuation in his book
 that in its next printing,
 he included a page at the end
 of nothing but full stops commas
 and exclamation marks for the readers
 to slot in wherever they liked.
 - Amazing.
 - Yeah.
 And it's a really beautiful page at the back.
 It's sort of all the full stops are grouped together
 in one chunk. - It's better in the audio book
 that page, just like silence.
 How would you do an exclamation mark?
 You go, ooh.
 - Yeah.
 How do you do a comma?
 Can't work out and pronounce that.
 - It's just a lot of silence, I think,
 for the full stops in the commas, isn't there?
 - Okay, yeah.
 - And suddenly there's a, oh.
 - So this is a text as the fact says, 1797,
 and it was by a guy called Timothy Dexter
 who was an eccentric American businessman
 who led a life that is so bizarre
 that it's possibly in no way true.
 It's just someone who had myth built upon him and so on.
 But one thing we do know for sure
 is that he published a book called
 A Pickle for the Knowing Ones,
 and it is a book in which he basically downloaded his brain.
 He just said, here's all my thoughts
 about things, my opinions and so on,
 but he failed to put any punctuation in,
 rendering it completely unreadable
 for anyone who wanted to make sense of it.
 So criticism came in, and in the second printing,
 and it's a self-published book, by the way.
 - Okay.
 - The second run of the self-publication,
 he just added this extra page.
 - Very funny.
 - Yeah, that's cool.
 - Has any, I didn't read,
 I think I read a couple of pages of A Pickle
 for the Knowing Ones.
 - I read a few censuses.
 - Yeah, me too.
 - How the hell?
 - But people seem to say it's a combination
 of total nonsense and some quite wise sort of observations
 about, it's sort of about his thoughts on human beings
 and how to live and all that stuff, isn't it?
 - Well, one write-up of it, soon after it was written,
 said it was a jumble of letters promiscuously gathered together
 and that readers will find it difficult to determine
 whether most to laugh at the consummate folly
 or despise the vulgarity and profanity of the writer.
 And that was in his actual obituary.
 In 1806, normally they shook the pill a bit.
 - I know, I read the death notice
 in the Rutland Weekly Herald when he died.
 And it was really short, it just said,
 he was a man of great property and a perfect ignoramus.
 - Ooh.
 - They literally just died this guy.
 - Wow.
 - I wonder, like, the books of the time,
 this was published in 1802, but in the late 1700s,
 there were a lot of books that were kind of bizarre
 and maybe was he following in a tradition of surrealism?
 Like Lawrence Stern's "Tristan Shandy" was published
 in the late 1700s.
 - Yeah, I know.
 - And his book would have things like,
 there'd be a blank page or it would have a page
 that was entirely black or there was a chapter
 entirely missing because he said this chapter was so good,
 it just makes all the other chapters look bad
 as I've decided not to include it.
 - It was, yeah.
 - The message that he put at the front
 of the new edition where he said,
 "I've put punctuation in the back,"
 is so full of misspellings.
 Do you think it must be intentional?
 He says, "I put in enough," like A, space, N, U, F.
 And for some reason put that in quote marks,
 which seems like a knowing, ha ha,
 I'm deliberately misspelling that.
 So I put in enough here that they may pepper and salt
 as they please, P-E-P-E-R-S-O-L-T.
 - What a great position to be in as a human
 that just no one knows whether you meant it or not.
 And it works in your favor either way basically, yeah?
 - Well, that's what happens when you're really,
 really rich, which he was.
 - Which he was, wasn't he?
 - And how did he get rich?
 It's so confusing because he seemed
 to make all these investments that works.
 Like, I think he invested in the first ever
 clay pipe making factory.
 One of his more sensible ones that made money.
 He invested in some government bonds at a good time.
 But outside of that, he did bizarre stuff.
 Like the famous thing that was always written
 about him at the time is that he,
 and I think this did happen or it seems like people
 who remembered him said it happened at least,
 is that he was persuaded by people pranking him
 to try and sell warming pans,
 like bed warming pans to the West Indies.
 And, you know, I thought, ha, ha, ha, it's so hot there.
 And also I think that he was,
 he was persuaded to sell mittens there.
 And it was brilliant because he went
 and sold the warming pans and they had
 a big molasses industry.
 And apparently they sold really well as ladles
 in the molasses industry to people
 who could scoop treacle into vats.
 - Yeah.
 - It can't be true.
 - That bit can't be true.
 - It can't be true.
 The warming pans also, some red woolen pajamas went with him.
 And the story is that there was a Norwegian in Havana
 who had a load of timber and he couldn't get rid
 of his timber, but in Norway at that time,
 there was a real fashion for red woolen pajamas.
 And so he sold all of these pajamas for the Norwegians,
 swapped them for all this lumber,
 and then took the lumber a bit further south
 where he could sell all that
 and made an absolute fortune from that as well.
 - That's good.
 I like that.
 I read a book about Timothy Dexter for the research
 of this and it's quite rare that you get to read
 a whole book when you're doing these weekly shows.
 So that was very exciting.
 It's by William Cleves Todd.
 It's about 13 pages long.
 So that was quite useful, but it was such a good read.
 It reads like an incredible New York Times article,
 this book.
 But one thing he mentions of the book is the house
 that he lived in after he started making his money,
 which was a Newbury port, Massachusetts.
 And my God, outside the front of it,
 it's pretty spectacular.
 There were these columns on which he had wooden carved
 figures of prominence standing up there.
 So it'd be George Washington, Thomas Jefferson,
 him, he put himself up there
 and claiming himself to be someone of huge prominence.
 - It looks really cool.
 - It looks amazing.
 - You can see, obviously, paintings on there.
 You know, people would stop and look,
 these giant wooden statues.
 And he seemed to have animals statues as well,
 like some dogs and what looked like some pigs.
 Hard to tell.
 - Two lions, I believe as well, at the front.
 - Some lions.
 But then did you see what he wrote under his own
 big statue, which is like the biggest one
 right in the middle, was Lord Timothy Dexter.
 He always called himself Lord.
 Lord Timothy Dexter of Newbury port, Massachusetts,
 first in the East, first in the West,
 and the greatest philosopher in the Western world.
 So he was a humble guy.
 - He was a humble guy.
 - I think about him calling himself Lord, sorry,
 on that.
 I only saw this in one place.
 It was in the Boston Globe in 1921.
 But according to them,
 they said that Lord was his wife's maiden name.
 And so that's how he said, you know,
 he was like, oh, I'm going to take her maiden name.
 I'm going to put it at the front of my name.
 And I'm going to be called Lord Timothy Dexter.
 - What a feminist.
 - That's really good feminist.
 - It's such a fraudster.
 And the story,
 which I'm sure you guys all saw as well,
 about his funeral.
 - Oh yeah.
 - Where he staged his own funeral
 for the benefit of the town
 because he wanted to see how people would react.
 So he put it about that he was dead,
 invited all the gentle folk,
 got someone to play a clergyman.
 And then his got his coffin
 and his coffin was deposited in the, you know,
 family vault or whatever.
 And he thought his wife had not played her part properly
 because she hadn't cried enough during it.
 She was in on it.
 - So she was in on it.
 - Yeah, I read accounts where it was like,
 oh, she didn't cry enough and he was furious.
 And then he beat her for, you know, not crying enough.
 Actually, he beat her for not acting enough.
 - Yeah.
 - That's, I mean, you know.
 - She didn't commit to the bit.
 Come on.
 You've all got to be in on it.
 - I think God knows it.
 - It sounds great.
 You've got to this funeral.
 It's been very lavish.
 He had his coffin drawn in on white horse pulled chariot
 and then descending into the grave.
 And then they have a huge feast afterwards.
 And then it was disturbed by, yeah, the sight of him.
 And what I think was a bit of a pantomime, it seems like.
 I think it might have been a set up punch and Judy style.
 - Oh, you think that was faked?
 - From what I was reading from, I think it was actually.
 - He did hit her with a load of sausages.
 Didn't he?
 (all laughing)
 - It's very hard to say,
 but people who knew him say it might have been faked.
 - I mean, all of it seems to be made up, you know?
 - Only that bit staged.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - He wasn't eccentric, sometimes eccentric.
 - He was a wealthy eccentric.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - Lots of it was true.
 I mean, the house was definitely true.
 I think the funeral definitely happened.
 - Like, for instance, there's a thing from his lifetime
 I read in the Vermont Journal from 1801
 talking about how he had a boat and it needed staying.
 Okay, so he needs ropes, basically, he needs extra ropes.
 He didn't really know what that meant.
 So he went to town and he bought a load of whale bone
 and then brought it back and gave it to the boat guy.
 And the boat guy said, "Well, this is not, I need the ropes."
 I had only whale bone.
 And so he went back into Boston and he said,
 "Well, I've got all this whale bone, can I sell it to you?"
 And the thing was, he bought so much,
 the price had absolutely rocketed.
 And so when he sold it back to the whale bone community,
 he got double what he paid for it.
 - That's amazing.
 - That's very funny.
 - Wow, that's what I'm doing with Ben Elton memorabilia
 on eBay, hoovering it all up.
 And one day it'll be worth a fortune.
 - Is that because the ship needed staying,
 which I've never heard of.
 - That's the rope thing.
 But stays is a word for the whale bone struts in a dress.
 I thought all the supports in it.
 - Is that right?
 - I think stays are in a corset, maybe.
 - I actually couldn't work out how he'd made that mistake.
 - I think stays are the bits in the corset, which...
 - Where are we going?
 I got confused.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - People chat.
 - There's a story as well that he heard
 that the king of England had a poet laureate.
 And so he thought, "Well, I'd like one of those as well."
 And so he hired someone just to follow him around
 and just to capture his daily wisdom
 and to turn it into people, pros.
 - Yeah.
 - I mean, that was definitely true.
 Jonathan Plummer.
 - Jonathan Plummer.
 - He sort of became a famous person in his own right.
 He was a fishmonger, wasn't he?
 - Really?
 - Yeah, yeah, he was a fishmonger.
 And I think he made him wear a black suit covered in stars,
 which sounds so cool.
 - Sounds very wizardy.
 - Yeah, and he was crowned with parsley.
 - Yes, that's right.
 - He sounded like a really sad character.
 He wrote an autobiography of his own by his poetry
 and he described himself as persecuted, despised
 and hated by everyone and suffering
 from such offensive breath that no one could go near him.
 Occasioned by Qatar of the Nose.
 - Sorry, did he write that in his own autobiography?
 - That's the author's blurb at the back.
 (laughing)
 - Yeah, he also, he swore off young women
 after he wrote so many poems for so many young women
 he fancied and they all rejected him.
 So he turned up vigorous and antiquated virgins
 as he described them,
 but they actually all rejected him as well.
 - Oh no.
 - That was the two vigorous.
 He should have gone less vigorous.
 - You're a slightly anemic elderly virgin.
 - Passive.
 - Yeah.
 - Gosh, this is it.
 You're sure about this dating profile, are you?
 (laughing)
 Just on punctuation, as this is about
 his Timothy Dexter's inserted punctuation.
 So I didn't know that Aristophanes invented punctuation,
 but not the famous Aristophanes.
 A slightly different guy.
 - The playwright who wrote the clouds
 and all that stuff, right?
 - Bingo, yes.
 - Not him.
 - Someone completely different, yeah.
 - 200 years later.
 I know.
 - What a fact.
 - Your minds are all been blown.
 (laughing)
 - Did that Aristophanes have any punctuation in his poem
 or did this guy come along and put them into his?
 - He would have been before, right?
 - I think actually punctuation Aristophanes
 is 200 years later.
 - Yeah.
 - Yeah.
 - But that's great because if that poem now
 has punctuation in it,
 that's a collaboration between two Aristophanes.
 - Yeah.
 - Just 200 years apart.
 - I love it.
 Yeah, yeah.
 - It was really very basic, his system.
 It was just dots you could put at the top or the middle
 or a bottom of a line.
 And then there were pauses basically.
 There were pauses of three different lengths.
 But their names were the comma, the colon,
 and the periodos.
 And that's where all those names come from.
 - Interesting.
 - Isn't that cool?
 - That is cool.
 - Yeah.
 - So then Isadora Seville came along after that.
 The famous one, not a different one.
 (laughing)
 And he kind of took Aristophanes' idea
 and kind of standardised it.
 And he had a dot at the top of the line for a long stop,
 a dot in the middle of the line for a slightly shorter one
 and a dot at the bottom of the line for a very short stop.
 And the one at the top sort of migrated down
 and eventually became full stop.
 The one in the middle became the colon
 and the one at the bottom became a modern comma.
 - Oh, wow.
 - The one at the top leapfrocks the one in the middle
 to go to the bottom.
 - I did.
 - And do we have evidence over the hundreds of years
 of it gradually sneaking down one millisecond?
 - I think we probably do.
 - I think we do, yeah.
 - Wow.
 How do we know that rather than doing that,
 it didn't bump into the other one
 when it got there and knocked that one further down?
 - Oh, it could have done, yeah, yeah.
 They have some punctuation in the Quran.
 Even though in the early days of Islam,
 there was no punctuation in Arabic.
 But the pausal signs are known as al-amat al-wakaf.
 And they are different types of stopping
 that will kind of make the text seem more beautiful.
 Because obviously the Quran,
 it's supposed to be very beautiful when you say it, right?
 And so if you see different ones,
 it might say it is better to stop now.
 You may stop if you want to,
 or you absolutely must stop at this stage.
 We said they quite like that idea of punctuation
 where it kind of gives you advice
 rather than telling you what to do.
 - Absolutely, 'cause I often think
 where the technical punctuation needs to go,
 when sometimes when you're trying to write something
 that's a joke, the punctuation can really mess up
 the flow of the sentence.
 You think, no, just let me put the comma here.
 I know it doesn't belong there,
 but that's where you'd want the beat to be
 in your free-styler, not a pedant.
 - Yeah, exactly, you're a dexter, a modern day dexter.
 - A modern day dexter.
 - Yeah.
 - Do any of you--
 - Serial killer.
 (laughing)
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, it is time for fact number three.
 That is Anna.
 My fact this week is that Christians
 watch less porn on Sundays,
 but they do make up for it throughout the rest of the week.
 (laughing)
 - Gosh.
 - Gotta even it out.
 - Is that what it meant in the Bible
 when it said that on the seventh day he rested?
 Is that--
 - Yeah, 'cause you're knackered, aren't you,
 after six days of that?
 - Yeah.
 - You obviously haven't studied Genesis that hard,
 but it's day one to six is all porn watching.
 - Nice.
 - I read this in the Joseph Henrich book,
 "The Weirdest People in the World,"
 which is a brilliant, quite famous book, yeah, yeah.
 Joseph Henrich, the guy who came up with the concept
 of weird, which is Western educated, industrialized,
 rich, and democratic.
 And that's what every single one of us is,
 and almost every single person listening will be.
 - Sorry, that's not what it actually,
 that's not where we get the word weird from.
 He's just--
 - No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
 God, God, God. - Sorry, yep.
 And it's all a book about how we base
 so much of our assumptions on human behavior
 on what we are, which is all of these things.
 And when I say rich, I just mean literally anyone
 who lives in a Western country that has a welfare state.
 So anyway, it's in his book, which is full of interesting
 stuff, and he writes a bit about monotheistic religions,
 and he says, yeah, there was a study that monitored
 poor news across the United States,
 and in the more Christian states,
 then there was a big dip in poor news on a Sunday,
 and it sort of was still quite low on a Monday,
 but it gradually crept up throughout the week,
 and it was reaching real highs the following Saturday,
 and then it plummeted again on a Sunday,
 and it averaged out as the exact same poor news
 as non-Christian states, so they just spread it out differently.
 - Is there a real scramble on Saturday night
 as you head up to 12 a.m.?
 - So yeah, could you get it out of the way?
 - Okay, wow.
 - And this obviously is the Sunday effect,
 so I guess you go to church on Sunday,
 you get reminded that you have to behave very morally,
 you're not supposed to watch porn,
 God doesn't like that kind of thing,
 and then you forget about it, don't use six days later.
 - Wow. - Interesting.
 And a similar thing happens with charity giving as well,
 I think, with Christians and Muslims.
 - Well, you don't do it on a Sunday?
 Surely it would be the inverse, you do do it on a Sunday.
 - I mean, it is the other way around, obviously, yes.
 (all laughing)
 - Oh, I'm feeling so lovely and relaxed now,
 I think I can make some charity donations, great.
 (all laughing)
 - There was even actually a study in Morocco done,
 which looked at when the call to prayer was audible,
 people would give to charity,
 but it would literally only last a few minutes,
 so giving to charity would peak for a few minutes,
 if you don't get there. - We're so suggestable,
 aren't we? - I know, classic.
 - 'Cause if you ran, let's say, a cold calling thing
 for charity, you know, I'm ringing up from,
 you know, like, I can't think of a single charity now,
 but if you played the call to prayer in the background,
 then that would presumably be a way
 of getting more people to give.
 - Really, so if your car broken down
 and you're ringing your grandmother,
 (all laughing)
 can I borrow 500 quid?
 You wanna play them, do us in--
 - Do it outside the mosque, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - Put that mosquito down, granny.
 (all laughing)
 - Wow. - God, so just back
 to the headline fact, I'm just picturing on Sunday,
 all these guys at church sitting at the pews going,
 "Would you get up till last night?"
 (all laughing)
 "Oh, it's just at home, yeah, me too."
 - Me too, yeah, oh, it's the same.
 - "You may now shake hands with the person."
 No, thank you. (all laughing)
 - The Sunday effect is very powerful, you know,
 and it's largely, I think it's almost exclusively
 a religious thing, you know, there's less of it,
 sexually, but still, I mean, loads in this country,
 loads around the world, I found this,
 in Tonga, you're not allowed to bake bread on a Sunday
 unless there's been a natural disaster.
 - Is that right? - Yeah.
 - Gosh.
 - And this was a little past in 2016, it's really strange,
 so-- - It makes sense that
 stupid laws like that go out of the window
 when you've got a natural disaster, doesn't it?
 - Sundays have been messed up for me quite a bit
 due to religion, since becoming a dad,
 because I like to take my boys on the weekend to toy shops
 and one of the biggest, if not the biggest independent
 toy shop in the country is called The Entertainer,
 which is fantastic, it's got so many of my favorite toys,
 sorry, their favorite toys in there,
 and I didn't realize this old limited edition
 Ringo Stardoll, still.
 - Oh, it's a Ben Elton Barbie.
 (all laughing)
 - Oh my God, a matching, a Ben Elton Barbie.
 Please get onto it, Michelle.
 - Shiny suit, old school microphone, what else?
 - What about the Tory government in the '80s?
 - Pull the string on his back.
 - Socialist opinions, go out.
 Perfect for any child.
 - So it's shut on Sundays because the creator of it,
 a man called Gary Grant, has made it so
 because he's religious and he doesn't allow for it to be,
 and also you can't get Harry Potter toys there
 because he thinks Harry Potter encourages witchcraft
 and that's very un-Christian,
 so if you want your Harry Potter toys,
 you don't go there.
 - 'Cause Harry Potter has been very big
 over the last decade, more than that in fact,
 and the number of witches around
 is absolutely through the roof.
 - It's gone crazy.
 - It's awful. - He's doing his bit.
 - Yeah, you can't walk 10 meters down the street.
 - Before you get turned into a frog these days.
 - So Gary Grant, the shop started in Amisham.
 He bought it from someone and took it over.
 - Amisham, we should say, outskirts of London.
 - Outskirts of London, yeah.
 - It's in the UK. - It's in the UK.
 - It's in the UK.
 - I'd say it's not globally famous.
 - Oh, okay.
 - If there are like,
 most people listening, for instance,
 it's unlikely that we're familiar with Amisham.
 - So he's, I looked into it just to see,
 is it a particularly religious place?
 I looked at notable people from there.
 So the people I found there are Tim Rice,
 who wrote Jesus Christ Superstar,
 and Joseph, and it's a very biblical sort of work.
 Katie Brand, the comedian, who used to be very religious.
 He used to talk in tongues and all that sort of stuff.
 - Yeah, okay. - It's actually something.
 Cindy Gallo, who started a company called
 Make Love Not Porn, which is less religious,
 but on topic for the porn not being watched here.
 - What is that?
 - I think it's about sort of positive sex,
 and personal sex rather than, yeah, yeah.
 - It's saying that sex is a wonderful, natural thing,
 and it's good for you, fun, it's loving,
 and it can be all these wonderful things.
 - Yeah, okay, okay.
 - And she sells stuff in The Entertainer.
 - She's got the dolls.
 They're quite a lot bigger than the Ben Elton Barbie.
 And then last of all,
 there is the Welsh International Footballer,
 Simon Church, who is not religious.
 - Of course, Dan.
 Have you gone through the phone book under Amisham?
 I don't know, I know that doesn't exist.
 What is this weird conspiracy theory of putting out?
 - It's just interesting when you notice
 there's a lot of Christian connections.
 - Seeming of massively famous sports people,
 like, what was he called?
 - Simon Church. - Simon Church, good grief.
 The one famous person who was religious
 was Jonathan Edwards, who still, I think,
 has the World Triple Jump record.
 - Okay.
 - If not, he had it quite recently,
 but he was such a devout Christian
 that he refused to jump on Sundays.
 - What a great way to beat him.
 - Wait, wait, wait.
 Would he hop and skip, but not jump?
 - He refused to compete on Sundays.
 I don't know if during his normal life,
 he was a lot to jump up and down on.
 - And here comes Jonathan Edwards,
 absolutely plowing into the hurdles,
 as he does every Sunday.
 He's now dragging 14 hurdles behind him.
 - Man, he's going to have this.
 - So what would happen?
 - Well, he just, in the 1991 World Championships,
 he just didn't compete.
 He would have probably won the weight,
 but he didn't want to do it 'cause it was on a Sunday.
 And he went on to host Songs of Praise,
 so he's quite famous.
 - Did he?
 - Yeah.
 - Did not know that.
 - And he became an atheist when, this is quite ironic,
 so he was reading about the road to Damascus
 when Saint Paul became a Catholic, okay?
 Saint Paul converted when he saw a light
 on the road to Damascus and it made him turn round
 and stop being a tax collector
 and become an apostle of Jesus, right?
 - Yeah, okay.
 - But he, Jonathan Edwards, read that Saint Paul
 might have had an epileptic fit
 and not seen a light after all,
 and he became an atheist after reading that explanation.
 So ironically, he'd read about the road to Damascus
 and had like a reverse road to Damascus moment.
 - Yeah, brilliant.
 - Was he too old to still compete at this point?
 - He was, yeah, that was after he'd...
 - What a shame, doubly piss you off, wasn't it?
 When Sundays are now available to you.
 - Yeah, I could have had that in 1991.
 - And who's this bursting onto the track?
 My goodness, an elderly Jonathan Edwards.
 He's behind everyone else, he's losing badly.
 He's lost.
 - In 1686, there was a treatise written by a clergyman
 called John Baptiste Thierre, and it was very famous,
 big deal, and this was around the time
 when people thought laughing was really bad
 and he gave such strict rules on when you're allowed to laugh.
 So he said, "You're only ever allowed to laugh discreetly
 "and never on work days, Sundays."
 So that does cover quite a lot of the day.
 "Lent days, advent, or holy days."
 - So you're basically, you've got about 30 Saturdays
 and you're allowed to.
 - Go like your sister.
 Well, you're not masturbating on a Saturday,
 so I suppose you've got time.
 - You are, aren't you?
 That's your big day.
 Got between laughing and masturbating,
 but that's a hell of a day.
 - Can you do them simultaneously?
 - You're gonna have to.
 - What are you doing in there?
 - I'm laughing.
 - Don't come in, I'm laughing.
 (laughing)
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show,
 and that is Andy.
 - My fact is that at least four seconds
 of the film Avatar was funded by Wayne Rooney.
 - But it's just that bit where there's an amazing strike
 on goal, isn't there, by one of the Navi people,
 and then it's back to the plot line.
 - So amazing.
 - For any international listeners,
 Wayne Rooney is a big footballer.
 He's probably, he might be globally famous.
 - He plays in America, yeah.
 - I did, okay, okay.
 - At least the Americans might know him.
 - Well, he's a footballer,
 formerly nicknamed the spud-faced nipper.
 (laughing)
 - I am a big football fan,
 and I've never come across that nickname.
 - I think it's the one thing I heard about him
 in probably, you know, 2002, and it's just stuck.
 Anyway, this is from a book by a colleague of mine,
 actually, from Private Eye called Richard Brooks,
 and the book is called The Great Tax Robbery,
 and this is about a tax scheme that was set up
 which included investing in movies,
 and it meant you could claim a large amount of tax off.
 So Mr. Rooney put in at least 100,000 pounds,
 'cause I think that was, sorry.
 - There's just Colin who's spud-faced.
 - Try and make up to him after that sanderous Colin.
 - Sorry.
 - He put 100,000 pounds in the scheme,
 and the film is 162 minutes long,
 and it costs 237 million pounds, I think.
 Oh, maybe dollars.
 Anyway, the math works out roughly at that.
 Oh, hang on, a pound is worth a dollar these days, fine.
 - A time of record.
 - Yeah, and sadly, we'll probably never know
 which four seconds.
 I did actually write to Wayne Rooney's people
 asking which four seconds.
 - They don't allocate money to, what?
 - There isn't a specific four seconds.
 - I just thought maybe for special investors,
 they would say, oh, this is what you're,
 this is what it's helped fund.
 - Like if it was a Kickstarter, they might say,
 well, your 100 grand went to this four seconds.
 - Exactly, or you know,
 funded the development of this particular animal
 in the Avatar jungle.
 And then that bit in Avatar, isn't there,
 when Bob Geldoff actually took back his 100,000,
 and it's just missing four seconds, isn't it,
 during the film?
 - Yeah, they haven't got back to me yet, but, right.
 - If you go on this scheme, they have on their website,
 which still exists,
 it shows all of the movies that they invested in.
 - Really?
 - And they include Sean of the Dead,
 Sharknado 2.
 - Brilliant.
 - And a movie called Brooklyn.
 And the interesting thing about that
 is that David Beckham was also an investor,
 and he has a son called Brooklyn.
 - True.
 - So he gave some money for Brooklyn
 and also created another Brooklyn.
 - Brilliant.
 - Very nice.
 - Nice.
 - Great movie, by the way.
 - Coincidence.
 - But they didn't think the scheme was still going.
 I thought it'd been kind of shut down.
 - Well, they have a website with all the different movies.
 - Oh, fair enough, yeah.
 - And so there was a big list of people,
 it's not just Wayne Rooney.
 - It's not just Wayne Rooney, really.
 - No, but so like David Beckham, Andrew Lloyd Webber,
 there's, I saw him in the park the other day.
 - Yeah, I wonder where this anecdote is going,
 probably no way.
 - Oh, absolutely, no way, yeah.
 Actually, Dan mentioned Tim Rice a while ago,
 and I thought about jumping in with it then,
 but I'm so glad I held fire.
 - No, there is a good anecdote with this,
 'cause you did mention it.
 - Yeah, yeah, he was, his dog was terrorizing a Gosling.
 - Ryan Gosling.
 - Yeah, Ryan Gosling is a real Freddy cat.
 No, no, no, his dog was barking at a tiny,
 tiny baby Gosling, and I was so shocked
 that it was Andrew Lloyd Webber that I forgot to say,
 oh, I think actually it's meant to be on a leash in this bit.
 And I wouldn't have had this.
 - I've seen the main point, which is that I mentioned
 on the show that he hated the movie "Cats" so much
 that he went out and bought a dog and pissed him off so much.
 And you've now seen the dog.
 - I've seen the dog, yeah, it's a nice dog.
 - Well, that's not very nice.
 Doesn't look like it was terrorizing a baby goose.
 - Just doing what dogs do.
 It's the owner's fault, it's never a problem dog,
 it's a problem owner.
 - You're right, blame the parents.
 - So Bob Geldorf and David Beckham, Roy Keane.
 (laughing)
 - Wanna slug off Roy Keane now, I think, good luck.
 - Geldorf reckons he owns a brief second.
 So maybe his 100,000 was used on catering or something
 and then a tiny bit for the film.
 - Lots of men.
 Do you think women aren't as prone to investing in shit films
 just as a way of avoiding paying taxes recently?
 - Yeah, I don't know.
 - Could be.
 - Is the biggest grossing movie of all time
 technically a shit film?
 - I was maybe had a shark knee doing my head.
 - Oh, how dare you.
 That's a brilliant film.
 - "Shutnait" or two?
 - Oh, even better.
 Is that what we're talking about?
 Yeah, yeah.
 - For example, "The Sequel" being better than the original.
 - Just like "Terminator" and "Alien".
 Although "Alien", "Alien" was James Cameron as well,
 wasn't it? - It was.
 - James Cameron, this is, again,
 the thing about "Avatar" is it's the biggest film
 of all time, the biggest grossing film of all time,
 and I think maybe "Avengers" might be in it.
 - It did for a while.
 - So then it re-overtook, didn't it?
 - It's a really interesting story.
 Sorry to derail your second hand here,
 but when it came out initially,
 it came out in China in 3D
 and there was this big controversy.
 - Sorry, which one are you talking about?
 - "Avatar" the first movie.
 There was a big controversy,
 which it's really hard to get to the bottom
 of what really happened,
 but a lot of the 3D showings of it in China
 were pulled from the cinemas.
 And the story goes that the reason that happened is
 China had a domestic film,
 which was "Confucius" with Chaoyang Fat,
 which they wanted to really dominate the box office
 and "Avatar" was doing that.
 So they took the 3D movie out and left the 2D in,
 but it really hurt their box office amount in China.
 It still became the biggest box office hit of all time
 until the "Avengers" end game came along and overtook it.
 However, in the lead-up for "Avatar" the second movie,
 which is coming out this year,
 they put a re-release of the original.
 And in China specifically,
 where the box office has now boosted it back over "Avengers".
 - Do you think, did James come and have a sly word
 with Xi Jinping on the side and say, "Look, mate,
 do me a favor?"
 - Do me a sly word.
 - The China thing, by the way,
 the place where it's based is,
 I haven't seen "Avatar", but is it called Pandora?
 - Yeah, Pandora.
 So it's based, apparently, on a place called Zhangjiajie,
 which is in China.
 It's a national forest park.
 And in fact, it was the first in China.
 And it's got these amazing pillars,
 like there's a place in Greece called Monastero,
 which is more famous,
 which is like the kind of big bits of rock
 that just kind of stick up from the ground.
 Anyway, supposedly Pandora was based on this area.
 And in this area,
 they also have the world's tallest lift.
 (all laughing)
 - The world's tallest outdoor lift, I should say.
 - Okay, so I've got a question.
 Is it the shaft that's tallest, or is it the lift?
 When you say the tallest lift,
 is it lift a giraffe could walk into and be fine?
 - I honestly haven't written down which it is,
 but I'm pretty shocked.
 It's taller than any buildings in London.
 It's taller than the shard, for instance.
 It's 326 meters high.
 The shard is 309 meters high.
 I'm assuming that is the shaft.
 - That's probably the shaft, not the lift.
 'Cause imagine the shaft.
 - If that's the--
 - Well, it might just be one floor it's going up,
 but it happens to be very taller.
 - But though it is, it's the shaft.
 - That's so cool.
 - And it's so that you can get up to a viewing platform
 to see the area.
 - But Shangjia Ji, which is the mountain range,
 they've named one of the columns,
 Avatar Hallelujah Mountain,
 and it's because of the film.
 So China had a very problematic relationship
 with this film initially, and it's really come good.
 - 'Cause they did say that one of the reasons
 they might have pulled it is because the Chinese people
 might have empathized with the blue people in Avatar,
 and it might have shown them their own plight.
 'Cause like a lot of Chinese people
 were being kicked out of the houses
 so they could build new cities, all that kind of thing.
 - An Avatar is about a colonial invasion
 of blue people, isn't it?
 - Yes, it is.
 There are these things in the world of Avatar.
 They're called the Banshee, and they're basically dragons.
 I'm just saying that quietly
 because James Cameron very strongly denies
 that they're dragons, but yeah.
 - And he can't hear softly, so can you.
 (laughing)
 - He's lost so much hearing
 from filming Aliens and Terminator 2.
 No, but they're, you know, they're--
 - What can they do?
 Can they breathe fire and fly,
 and they have tails and they're like lizards?
 - The last three things, not the first one.
 I don't think they breathe fire.
 Anyway, I mean, they're pretty dragon.
 - I mean, one's called Puff.
 (laughing)
 - But they had to come up with an entire workout
 for the cast so they could ride
 these fictional CGI animals
 because he wanted them to have a very realistic style.
 You know, they were filming all this motion capture stuff,
 kind of the golem-y style of filming.
 - Yeah.
 - So they created the Banshee Buns of Steel workout
 so that they could be filmed riding these things.
 - That's cool.
 - And when they filmed them, they, you know,
 you might get the actors.
 So Zoe Saldana is one of the two stars of it,
 and she has to jump onto one of these things
 at various points in the film.
 And, you know, you might think,
 oh, we'll just film her jumping onto a saddle
 or a vaulting horse or whatever
 that would just use that motion capture.
 They actually filmed her jumping onto a massive stuntman
 wearing a saddle because they want,
 James Cameron was so insistent.
 He wanted the real, you know,
 I want her to be jumping onto a living being, you know,
 they get that flex of the movement.
 - Sorry, where was the stuntman wearing a saddle?
 'Cause he'd have to be on all fours, in which case--
 - He must have been on all fours.
 - Must have been, yeah.
 - But then he's very small.
 She has to crouch down to climb onto him.
 Or was he wearing it on his head
 and then she has to vault onto him.
 - He had stilts on each.
 Yeah, I know what you're saying.
 He could have been on a platform.
 - Maybe he was on a platform, yeah.
 - Yeah, no, great point.
 I haven't seen footage of it.
 I've only read descriptions.
 - He sounds like he was quite an atrocious director
 to work for in that sort of, he really pushed people
 and was really rude and he got his way.
 And if you didn't do things and you were in a lot of trouble,
 one thing that he would do is he would wear a hat
 on the first day of filming,
 which would have on it, H-M-F-I-C.
 And that would stand for head motherfucker in charge.
 And the idea was, don't get in my way.
 - Kate Winslet said she would never work with him again
 because of how much he pushed her on the Titanic movie.
 He should almost drowned, for example,
 even though she's in the latest avatar.
 - She had the door.
 (all laughing)
 - Yeah, that's true.
 - We should probably talk a little bit about
 how, why it was such a big deal, I suppose,
 'cause it was so groundbreaking in the technology it used.
 It sounds really cool to act on
 because actors were so used to having to wear
 these really hefty prosthetics
 if they wanted to play anything
 that didn't look exactly like a human.
 So they, I think it was inspired by Spider-Man 2
 where Alfred Molina plays the villain.
 And he was the-- - Doctor Octopus.
 - Yeah, Doctor Octopus.
 And they first used motion capture on his face
 by putting lots of little beads all over it,
 like reflective beads.
 And then a camera films all of those reflective beads.
 And automatically they can pick up the data
 of exactly how they move,
 depending on what facial expressions you make.
 And then a computer can regenerate
 those exact facial expressions.
 - If you smile, then it makes your octopus man smile.
 - Exactly.
 - But in a really realistic way,
 because otherwise they're just stretching a smile
 on a computer screen, it looks terrible, you know, yeah.
 - And it's really cool because it actually means
 that you don't have to have a camera in the right place ever
 because the computers are capturing
 every single angle of your movement.
 You can decide later on when you're doing the computer,
 you know, computer generated film editing,
 which angle you want.
 You'd be like, "Actually, I want the camera
 on this side of them."
 And the computer's got all the data
 for how your face moves. - That's so clever.
 I hadn't thought of that.
 There's one big problem with Avatar.
 - Oh yeah?
 - The breasts.
 - No one's paid to touch them.
 (laughing)
 - I read a report of the science of Avatar
 and whether, you know, whether this world
 could exist in all of these aspects.
 And there was one very snotty line in it that said,
 the females, female navi, aliens, even have breasts,
 even though Cameron admits they aren't placental mammals.
 - That's a good point.
 - What a, what a, what a blood hole.
 - That is, yeah. - Well, because he was
 very careful, he had all these years to put it together.
 So the main, like he had a botanist on set
 who did all of the naming of the plants.
 He had a linguistics expert professor come in
 and write the language, which was up to 1,000 words
 for the movie.
 In fact, you know, it was really odd.
 He did so many from scratch things,
 language and botanist.
 But then the sounds that they used for the animals
 were taken from Jurassic Park.
 So when you hit, not all of them,
 but when you hear a bunch of the nuts, yeah.
 So they use the T-Rex and they use the Raptor
 when it's in the kitchen.
 - Did they have famous people in it?
 - Yeah, Zoe Saldana and the Time Worthington wasn't.
 - They weren't kind of mega stars,
 but they were sort of reasonably well known.
 - Worthington was homeless at the time.
 He was living in his car when he did the audition.
 - I read that as well.
 And I wondered if they decided, okay,
 we're going to spend all of our money on this stuff.
 Let's get slightly shit erected.
 'Cause it doesn't matter.
 We're going to put dots on their faces anyway.
 And the sound bit,
 let's just take the stuff from Jurassic Park.
 That was fine.
 Like they had to save money here.
 - How do they get to $200 million?
 Just all making everyone blue.
 - Those are dots.
 So many stickers.
 - One other thing that's spent money on,
 the cigarette, so Sigourney Weaver is in it.
 And she's obviously brilliant.
 And she's in it and her character smokes.
 But the cigarettes in the film are CGI cigarettes.
 And I tried to find out why.
 And I read a few articles about this
 that I found no explanation.
 She held a toothpick and did not see the light.
 - Does she just not smoke maybe?
 - I can't imagine Sigourney Weaver not smoking.
 I can't picture it.
 No, and then he got in loads of trouble
 for depicting smoking in the film.
 Various anti-smoking groups said
 this is very irresponsible to show
 anyone as cool as Sigourney Weaver smoking.
 And he said, but people do smoke.
 - It shows a lot of trust from the actors, doesn't it?
 That if he's like, yeah, that thing in your hand,
 I'm going to definitely make it a cigarette.
 I'm not going to make it anything else.
 - Wobble it around a bit and then put it up your bum.
 It won't be a cigarette.
 - There's not going to be a tiny dismembered penis, is there?
 - I wasn't thinking that.
 I was thinking like a kazoo or something.
 But like, yeah, any kind of thing.
 You don't know, like, that's what I mean.
 If you do a normal movie, you've done your scene
 and you know that that scene is going to be how it is.
 But they could have put anything on your face, couldn't they?
 - Yeah, they could.
 In fact, I imagine it would be the press of a button
 to redo the entirety of Avatar.
 But they're all worms.
 (laughing)
 - That would be great.
 - Okay, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we have said over the course
 of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sribeland, Andy.
 - @AndrewHunterM.
 - James. - @JamesHarkin.
 - And Anna.
 - You can email our podcast at qi.com.
 - Yep, or you can go to our group account,
 which is @NoSuchThing or our website.
 NoSuchThingAsAFish.com.
 Do check it out, because what you'll find there
 is links to all of our previous episodes,
 as well as the opening gate to the world of club fish.
 The exciting membership club,
 where you can get behind the scenes access
 to all of the extra content that we make,
 as well as compilation shows and a discord
 where people chat and share things
 that they like about the show.
 It's really fun.
 Check it out. - Or don't like.
 - You know. - Well, they get--
 - I think you hate about the show.
 - They get kicked off.
 - Come and slag off fish.
 For just $2.49 a month, you get to touch Dan's boobs.
 - Anyway, if you don't want to do that,
 you can always just come back here,
 'cause we come free of charge, as well.
 Once a week, where you get your podcasts.
 - Shut up guys. - Shut up guys.
 (laughing)
 - All right, I'm getting out of here.
 Bye, see you next week.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (gentle music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
