 [music]
 Hi everybody, welcome to Little Fish.
 This is our weekly audience facto.
 We've done all of our facts. We've run out.
 And while we wait and think of some more, you've sent some in to podcast.ky.com.
 My name's Andrew Hunter Murray. I'm here with James Harkin and Dan Schreiber.
 Let's get into it. Who's got an audience fact?
 Joy, open with one. Here we go. This is from Stephen Corcoran.
 And his fact is China defends its border partly with geese.
 Okay. That's good.
 Yeah, so this is a pandemic thing.
 China's border with Vietnam, they were worried that people would
 COVID were going to come in through the border illegally.
 And so they hired a gaggle of geese, 500 of them to stand guard and honk and bite at anyone
 who was coming through. Right, they are teeth.
 Well, they've probably got a strong snake on them though.
 Yeah, exactly.
 The Romans used guard geese.
 Well, this is the thing, guard geese.
 They're apparently way more efficient than most animals that we would use like a guard dog.
 Police often use them in their stations.
 No, they do. They do.
 There's been examples in Brazil where they have used them in place of dogs
 because they have incredible eyesight.
 They have incredible hearing.
 They're extraordinarily territorial.
 Therefore, if a stranger comes in, they immediately sound the alarm.
 Unlike a dog who might, you know, if you're a burglar and you come in with a big old steak
 and you throw the steak, they get distracted with it.
 Right, you know, the classic way of-
 Yeah, well, if you throw a golden egg or something,
 or something that distracts a goose.
 That's true.
 Well, that's the thing because there's a question of how come then they don't sound the alarm
 if a police officer comes in.
 They say, well, they recognize the outfits and they see them.
 All the police dresses geese.
 Yeah, yes.
 But that's the thing, if you're going to rob a police station, which is bullseye anyway.
 Yeah, they don't keep large amounts of cash at their normally.
 No, but they do keep a lot of confiscated items that they've taken.
 So someone tried to break into repossess their motorbike that was in there.
 So dresses are police officers, though, and you'll get partially used.
 Yeah, so can they recognize the police, though?
 That's supposedly what they can do.
 Geese police.
 Have they ever been used in warfare?
 Geese.
 Oh, great. That's a good question.
 I imagine they have as guards.
 We did a question on QI, which is what uses a goose for the G-series.
 And I remember we talked about the guard geese.
 And also that Rabalais said you could wipe your bum with a goose's neck.
 Of course.
 Well, that's brilliant.
 Okay, shall I do one?
 Yeah, yeah.
 This is from Jeff Kennedy.
 And Jeff says that in the 1896 Kentucky Derby horse race,
 the winner came in seventh place.
 Riddle me there.
 Okay.
 So it has to be a post-match six to squalifications for six deaths.
 Six horses died after the race.
 Yeah, but that doesn't win.
 They don't they don't take an Olympian's gold medal back
 if they've died years later.
 Well, he's gone now.
 Who's he's raining?
 You have now first.
 Okay, yeah.
 The world's oldest lady, Junk Almond,
 actually had all of the Olympic medals from 1896.
 That's by the end.
 Okay, well done to the best qualifications.
 Yeah, they must have been on, you know, dope.
 I'm afraid, doaps, you are wrong.
 The answer is the winner was the name of the horse.
 The winner was the name.
 He was called the winner.
 And he came seven.
 Anyway, so I've read through every single competitor in every single Kentucky Derby
 since they began in the mid-19th century.
 Wonderful.
 And the 17th place horse in the 2016 Kentucky Derby was Oscar-nominated.
 It's not the name.
 The winner in 1999 was charismatic.
 Six place in 1914 was surprising.
 Surprising was the name of the horse.
 The ninth place horse in 2021 was highly motivated.
 And the fifth place--
 That doesn't sound like it.
 And the fifth place horse in 1971 was unconscious.
 Wild horses came last in the Kentucky Derby in 2002.
 And once again came third in 1889.
 And once again is the name of the horse.
 Don't get mad.
 Was the name of the horse that came forth in 2005?
 Oh my god, you've invented your own who's on first sketch.
 I'm a wilder crazy guy.
 Came forth in 2007.
 James, this is your palladium show.
 You have to tour the country with this.
 It's just a good, like, hour of comedy we've got there.
 Amazing.
 Oh, that's it.
 That's my whole week.
 So when we do the show later, the actual show, I have no research.
 I can't tell it this way.
 I can't tell it this way to that horse.
 Oh, that's stunning.
 All right.
 Shall I do one?
 Yeah.
 All right.
 This is a fact from Harry and Charlotte.
 A joint fact.
 Cool.
 Pretty cool.
 Well, I think one of them will have taken the lead.
 Probably.
 And the other one's just going on a bit of a ride.
 In fact, it begins with my wife told me a fact.
 So here's the fact.
 What is almond extract made of?
 Is it almonds?
 It's not almonds.
 Is it Mark Holman's?
 It's soft sounds.
 It's Mark Holman's.
 Very, very little almond extract is made with actual almonds.
 Is that true?
 It's crazy.
 It's made of peaches.
 Peaches.
 Yep.
 Oh, but they're members of the Holman family aren't they?
 Or is it the way round almonds are part of the peach family?
 Well, basically, there's a stone in a peach.
 Yeah.
 And inside that stone, there is a thing that looks like an almond.
 And apparently that's what they use to make almond extract,
 rather than actual almonds, says Harry.
 And I have some almond stuff in my home, and I looked at it.
 And it says bitter almond oil.
 The vast majority of which comes from peaches,
 another fruit that are not almonds.
 But they have a bitter almond in it.
 A bit of almond.
 No, very good.
 Should have quit on the heart rate of it.
 Yeah, basically almonds all start as a fruit.
 And so the thing which we think of as an almond nut is the seed of it.
 But actually, all droop seeds, this droop family of fruits,
 which are flesh on the outside, and then a single pit inside, which has a seed.
 All droop seeds contain this chemical banzaldehyde,
 which is for almond extracts like almonds.
 Very cool.
 I'd discover the other day that rather than having to dig out the stone of an avocado.
 Oh, no.
 You just push it from the other side.
 All right, it just comes right out.
 No, you don't do the swallow at all.
 Well, no, there was a trend a while ago
 that you would hold the half of avocado in your palm,
 and then you would get a big knife,
 and you would sort of smack the big stone with the knife,
 and then the knife would embed into the stone.
 You twist it and pull it out.
 All right, pretty cool.
 I think it was before TikTok, but it was an internet trend.
 But like people said, you shouldn't do it,
 because people were going to weigh in and you having missed the avocado.
 Yeah, we'd be very interested.
 Andy, pretty cool.
 Yeah, it's pretty cool.
 I mean, it would look pretty cool, you're right.
 Well, it turns out it's really simply, just pop it out.
 Yeah, that's how I do it, pop it out.
 I've never knew that.
 I've always been digging away like an archaeologist.
 You guys are not eating bits of the avocado?
 The stone.
 The stone, yeah.
 The yummyest bit.
 Give that mess, usually.
 It's like a skin, of course.
 Well, if you've never had it, it's like an everlasting middle-class gobstopper.
 You know, you just...
 All right.
 Do you know that story that there was like megafauna in South America
 that was eating the avocados and then pooing out the stones?
 And we know they must have existed because avocados existed
 and they must have been propagated somehow.
 And there was no humans to plant them.
 So we know that this megafauna existed.
 Wow, so they were the farmers?
 They were the farmers, yeah, essentially.
 But now we know that Andy's eating the stones and presumably pooing them out as well.
 You are the megafauna of the 21st century.
 It's the struggle sometimes, but...
 So when you're caught squatting in the park, you just get just doing some farming.
 Andy, we've got a goose.
 Let's have another.
 Let's have another.
 Okay, this is from Jennifer Rowley.
 She says, "I recently listened to the Little Fish episode where you talked about the Henley
 on Todd regatta in Australia."
 So this is the one where it's dry and it was called off because it rained.
 And so it flooded and so it's like a dry river, isn't it?
 It's a dry river.
 You run around in the bottom of it.
 Exactly.
 And it got called off because of water.
 And it reminded me of another weather-related regatta fact that you might like.
 So the Canadian city of St. John's in Newfoundland and Labrador has a public holiday
 that only happens if the weather is nice.
 Regatta Day is the day of the Royal St. John's regatta,
 which is scheduled for the first Wednesday in August.
 However, if the weather isn't good enough for rowing, then the regatta has to be postponed.
 And if it's postponed, the public holiday itself is cancelled.
 So this has led to a tradition called Regatta Roulette,
 where people stay out late partying the night before gambling that they will have the next day off work.
 That's funny.
 Yeah, they love the regattas, by the way.
 That's really it.
 In Canada, there's the Windsor Pumpkin regatta.
 That's where everyone hollows out a giant pumpkin.
 He's spoken about that.
 We have spoken about it.
 Like 10 years ago, we spoke about it.
 That's right.
 It's very exciting.
 Someone did the record largest pumpkin, I believe it was, that we spoke about.
 By the way, this is about a 200-year-old festival that's regatta.
 So as far as I can tell, COVID obviously knocked it out,
 but that doesn't really count because that knocked out everything.
 So 1940, it seems to be the last time that they actually had to sort of lose the regatta Roulette.
 Because of the weather?
 No, the war.
 Oh, so does that mean since then it's always been sunny enough?
 Yeah, that's nice.
 Yeah, so apparently the Roulette is not that risky.
 Oh, I'd play Roulette with those odds.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Could be wrong.
 Because like in the UK, if you have any holiday,
 it's guaranteed to be pissing it down.
 Yeah, that's exactly it.
 Yeah, that's the way it works.
 I found a really interesting regatta story about the Henley regatta.
 Can I quickly tell you?
 Yeah, why?
 Let's see if this works.
 Sorry, can I just say, is this the Henley on 10?
 So Henley and Australia?
 Henley on 10's in the UK.
 So there used to be a guy called John Brandon Kelly
 and he applied to be part of the regatta.
 He was an American and it's quite a posh event, the regatta.
 And he wasn't allowed in despite being a multi-millionaire in America
 because he was a bricklayer that was seen as a labor job
 and he was not allowed to compete in it.
 Oh, yeah.
 So this really infuriated him.
 And so he decided to enter the Olympics to row.
 And he won gold. In fact, he won it three times.
 The first person to win a triple gold.
 And was it all due to the pent-up anger?
 He must have had a bit of fury to make a point to them.
 And so they were very apologetic and things changed for him.
 He was allowed to be part of rules.
 Rules?
 Well, yeah, but you could bend the rules when you have a three-time Olympian.
 Yeah, suppose.
 Yeah, but Steve Recraves allowed to wear trainers in Ritzi and Bolton.
 So he was this bricklayer even though he was rich.
 And then you had this kind of royal regatta which felt quite posh.
 Anyway, he has a few kids.
 One of them is called Grace.
 Grace Kelly.
 Grace Kelly becomes an actress and then goes on to become Princess Grace of Monaco.
 So he is the father of Princess Grace.
 Interesting.
 And as a kind of way of saying sorry if you now go to the regatta in Henley,
 there is a Princess Grace challenge cup as a way of apologizing.
 So he went from being not allowed to compete and now having his daughter
 be the name of the regatta.
 Interesting.
 Yeah.
 Show that in your boats.
 Show that in your boats.
 Okay, here is a fact from Puff.
 And Puff wanted to share a fun UK tax fact.
 Oh great.
 And as a former accountant I think Andy you thought I might be interested in this.
 Puff writes that the 1982 case of Maya Lea versus Drummond
 established that while baristas are allowed to claim costs of wigs and collars,
 they cannot claim the cost of purchasing or cleaning suits
 as they fail the holy and exclusively test because they have the dual purpose
 of providing warmth and decency.
 So in like if let's say you have an expense, you can only claim it as an expense
 if it's just for your job.
 Yeah.
 So if it's for something else as well, if you're going on holiday and you're
 like I'm going to do a TikTok video while I'm on holiday, you can't claim that
 because you're also on holiday.
 What?
 Oh dear.
 Okay, like good joke James, but it's fine, right?
 Like for instance, to pull another idea out of the hat,
 if you were to have a hair transplant, you can't claim it.
 Even if you're in a front facing podcast video, you can't claim it because it's also
 you need that hair in real life to keep your head warm as well.
 I provide decency.
 But if I was to, but my special podcasting hat that I wear every time
 that you guys are looking at now, yes.
 But if you, as long as you don't wear that when you're out clubbing,
 how could I wear this out clubbing?
 This is a ridiculous hat.
 Maybe if you win three gold medals at the Olympics, they might let you do it.
 But like this has it so stupid that obviously it's only for podcasting.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah. I would say like the racist elements as well,
 probably is why you wouldn't wear it outside.
 Yeah, it does feel awkward every time we make the pod that we have to look at that.
 Well, we should make podcasting great again.
 There is no hat in people at home.
 In 2018, there was a case called Gemma versus HMRC where an exotic dancer successfully argued
 that the cost of her outfits and shoes should be allowable,
 because they provide neither warmth nor decency.
 That's great.
 That's a great fact.
 It's really good.
 It's a great fact, yeah.
 Quite often, the tax offices, they tell you about claims that people
 have tried to make and whether they're allowed or not.
 So what do you think about Botox?
 Because you might say, well, you know, I'm on TV and I wouldn't have had Botox
 if I wasn't on TV, so it is because of that.
 But in actual fact, you get an advantage in your home life as well.
 What about I'm a living statue?
 And I've had full body Botox to allow me to do my work every day.
 You know what I'm saying?
 I suppose like if it has no advantage in your day-to-day life at all,
 which I kind of much in it would.
 Well, that's all.
 I've given myself full body freezing.
 Yeah, just to do my work.
 You're aware that that's not exactly how they work.
 What living statues?
 Yeah, sometimes I just paint themself silver.
 Yeah, but those guys are hacks.
 No, they're really good ones, you know.
 There's a guy just outside the houses of Parliament,
 dresses all over Cromwell, who's unbelievable.
 Every day I've gone past him for years.
 Pitch and shit's on him.
 Pitch and shit's on him.
 I don't know how he got up on that pedestal.
 He's pretty good.
 I wonder if any living statues got thrown into the river
 as during that whole period.
 I'm a living statue of Carlston, you guys.
 Okay, I've got another one here.
 This is from Dan Paul Heskins, who says,
 "My fact is that the lifestyle guru, Martha Stewart,
 says that when guests have overstayed their welcome,
 she tells them, "I'm going to bed.
 I'll see you."
 If Clueless guests stick around after that, Martha tells them,
 "Well, just turn off the lights and don't set off the fire alarm."
 Now, this doesn't read as true to me.
 I feel like Martha Stewart is someone
 who embellishes stories and just...
 I'm just saying you've investigated this, don't you?
 Have you disproved it?
 No, I just don't know. I looked into see just what other things
 that she said, quite randomly, anecdotally,
 to see whether or not it's true.
 So I'll give you my findings.
 One is that she claims to have been struck by lightning three times,
 which she said in an interview.
 She said, "Once it came out of my water faucet,
 I was leaning against it."
 And we know that that's not true, that's...
 That's like a government assassination attempt or something.
 It is.
 She says, "I was leaning against an iron sink.
 I saw the lightning go down the pipe out in my garden,
 and then it came back through the water and hit me right in the stomach,
 through me on the floor, and my husband found me.
 I was alive, but not very comfortable."
 So that was one.
 She says that one came through the skylight in her house,
 and then she didn't mention in that interview the third time,
 but in an interview and chat with Snoop Dogg.
 In 2016, she said another time it was while she was on the phone.
 Wow, okay.
 Well, she's clearly pitching for the would-I-light-a-you gig.
 Yeah, absolutely.
 All the Dan Shriver memorial addict notes.
 Yeah.
 Which she also, she also, as we know, went to jail.
 That's kind of what she's very famous for in the States.
 She's so fine.
 Stop what she's famous for.
 She's very famous for going to jail.
 I think that's a defining moment of her career.
 She would have been famous for going to jail unless she'd already been famous for something else.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 She's famous.
 The headline would just be, "Random Lady goes to jail."
 Where is it?
 She was a famous person who went to jail, which amplified her fame globally, I would say.
 And she went to jail because she was charged with full counts of obstruction of justice
 and lying to investigators about insider trading.
 So she served her time, she did home arrest and so on, was very punctual to always call in if she was a minute late.
 Maybe that's why she was having these parties and saying,
 "I'm going to bed because the ankle tag is beeping."
 Yes, it could be.
 But she, um, she has had consequences of going up to jail.
 One is she's not allowed to come to Britain.
 That's one of the consequences.
 Okay.
 The second one is that, as a result of it,
 she was unable to participate in the Windsor Pumpkin Regatta in Windsor Nova Scotia.
 Okay, but did she want to?
 She did. She was going.
 That's not, they have really strict criteria for entry.
 Anyone who's been involved in insider trading is just not allowed in their service.
 If you've been struck by likely twice, you're fine.
 Three strikes and you're out.
 Yeah.
 Actually, and she announced that her intention to be part of the regatta,
 she was flying over there and then there was problems with her passports
 and being able to get there.
 Eventually, she was allowed to make it, but it wasn't in time to be part of the regatta.
 Yeah.
 Because there's a saying, three strikes and you're out.
 No, yeah, Andy, we got it.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 She was charged four times.
 Wasn't she three times by the lightning and then once by the police?
 Well, what a modest few at roast this episode has turned into.
 I'm second.
 I actually quite like her, but yeah.
 But you had to get us all the way to that regatta storage.
 Yeah, yeah.
 You can't leave that on the tape.
 Once you find it, you're like, I will drag these two across Helen Highwater.
 Yeah.
 It's funny because Andy, when you did your three strikes and you're out joke,
 I was already in the frame of mind of Dan has a bit that he's tried to get to here.
 So I'm just going to let him get to it.
 I see.
 You should have.
 So you should have been going towards the finish line.
 Absolutely should have started over here.
 Yeah, I hear you.
 I hear you.
 Jan Goodins says to stop patients from bleeding to death after heart surgery,
 doctors inject them with salmon sperm.
 Oh, it's a drug.
 It's called protamine.
 And it's the specific antidote to reverse heparin, which is blood thinner.
 Right.
 And yeah, they make it from milk, which is salmon and trouts sperm.
 Because it's protein.
 If you're in the wild, can you get it?
 An adopted sort of just masturbating as salmon over you as you lay dying.
 Is that in your night?
 I'm just trying to work out if it would work.
 I think you have to isolate the protein, but you can do that inside.
 Your body will sort that out.
 It's not it's not going to hurt.
 It won't make things worse.
 They will for the salmon.
 Imagine the story that salmon has.
 Yes, back to his flock.
 Wait till the guys up river just pass that bear here about this.
 Okay, that's enough of your facts.
 Now it's time for you to receive our facts.
 If you join our wonderful members club club fish,
 you will not only get every episode and lots and lots of bonus material,
 but at the highest tier friend of the podcast,
 we will give you a shout out on the show and custodianship
 of your very own headline fact from fish.
 Let's do a few of those now.
 Let's have one of our ceremonies.
 Let's have one of our ceremonies.
 James, give us a fact.
 Just going to take the tiny curtain off this fact
 because now it belongs to Jennifer Stancati
 and Jennifer your fact is that until 835 AD,
 Halloween was on the 12th of May.
 A spooky date.
 It's a weird one.
 I don't really remember the fact, I must admit.
 But one thing about Halloween is like the nights are getting much shorter,
 so it does have a kind of spooky feeling.
 Oh yeah, it's a spooky time.
 Yeah, the May is not spooky.
 May is not spooky, lovely.
 Yeah, you're right.
 This feels like probably Julius Caesar was to blame.
 Oh yeah.
 It's just a hunch, you know?
 He was well dead by 835 AD.
 Yes, yes, you're right.
 But he was inventing new months and mucking around.
 So I think he might have started this whole process.
 Do you remember what it was?
 It was your fact, Andy.
 I was it.
 It was a Roman thing.
 Oh, okay.
 And this was an all, it was the all-hallow-tied festival.
 And it wasn't May.
 And then the church, it actually wasn't a spooky thing.
 Yeah, so all-hallow's day is, it's basically all Saints day.
 So it's a special day where you commemorate the Saints.
 Where you commemorate the Saints.
 So Halloween would be the evening before that,
 but not necessarily pumpkin races.
 It was not a spooky thing.
 It was not, no one had invented the idea of dressing as a sexy cat
 on all-hallow's eve.
 It just wasn't a thing.
 And then there was a theory that it was moved to a autumn
 because in May, everyone went to Rome and then got malaria.
 Which is spooky.
 It can be, yes.
 It's scary.
 I'm going dressed as a sexy mosquito.
 This year.
 Lovely, great fact.
 Okay, done.
 Okay, this one is going out to Jeff Spencer.
 Jeff, your fact is Medieval Witches used broomsticks
 to put hallucinogenic drugs up their buns.
 Gosh, yeah.
 So this was, I got this.
 This was my fact.
 I got this from a Wade Davis book.
 Wade Davis is an anthropologist.
 And he wrote a lot about this subject.
 And I think it's controversial.
 Absolutely.
 And is it all in with that kind of witches
 where actually people taking mushrooms and stuff?
 That's what this is.
 Absolutely.
 And I think we talked about this in the show
 that this is a sort of controversial interpretation.
 But it is, it is a big theory of what happened.
 You're not really flying.
 You're not really flying because you've put the broomstick up your bow?
 Yeah, so you need an applicator
 for the hallucinogenic.
 The hallucinogenic is used on the end of the broom.
 The broom goes up because the best way
 of getting the best of a drug is the room on the broom
 for a sexy cat like me.
 As a joke, the pre-paradid you wouldn't have known to make.
 So the broom wasn't for flying on.
 The drugs where hallucinogenic flights of the mind
 is the idea.
 Sure, yeah.
 Here's another fact.
 This one is now forever and a day
 in the ownership of Ula Wu.
 And it's that the Rosetta probe
 analysing a comet's smell has discovered.
 It smells like rotten eggs, cat urine, and bitter almonds.
 So when we say almonds, now I do, of course,
 being bitter peaches.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 That's amazing.
 Just a good space smell there.
 Yeah.
 Okay, here's one more.
 This one is now under the custodian ship of Elaine Teenan.
 Elaine, your fact is that Serrana Fines,
 the oldest Britain to climb Everest,
 fears heights so much that he asks his wife
 to clear the gutters for him.
 What a convenient lie.
 So he's also afraid of filling the dishwasher.
 So he can have a bin.
 In the basket.
 Not near the basket.
 In the basket.
 Yeah, he's a, he's a crazy, crazy guy.
 Isn't he, Ronald Farns?
 Mad, bad, and dangerous to know.
 Is that what?
 That's not a pirate.
 Yeah, but that was what the parent,
 that was his first wife.
 I believe this is when she introduced Ronald to her dad.
 That is how he was described.
 So it's a name of disorder biography.
 I don't want you ending up with.
 Mad, bad, and always leaves the remote control
 in a place where you don't expect it to be.
 Okay, this is a fact that is going
 to Michelle Hagen.
 That is a Ryan Air crew member recruited today
 could not possibly be the same height
 as one from the first cabin crew.
 Good, very good.
 Do you remember this?
 I do.
 This was Anna's fact.
 And I remember the fact that you,
 you had to be a certain height for the original flight.
 So I think it was quite a smaller height.
 Five, two.
 Five, two, yeah.
 And now if you were that height,
 you wouldn't be able to reach the lockers.
 Yes.
 I thought you had to be unwind.
 And he'd ran or find his wife to come in and...
 You had to be under five, two, for the first flight.
 I thought.
 And you have to be over five, two now.
 God, it got it, got it.
 Yeah.
 Here's another one that goes out to Alexander Schwank
 and it's that Steven Segal is the only private citizen
 to dismantle a nuclear bomb.
 And when we say dismantle, I think he paid for the...
 Should we explain to young listeners what a Steven Segal is?
 I think we should, yeah.
 Action, like he was a mega...
 Cut price, hero.
 Cut price of Estes to load.
 Yeah, but he probably, I think his movies did bring in box office
 like under siege and so on.
 Like there were big blockbusters
 and then he became a sort of direct VHS kind of actor after a while.
 And then he became a stooge of Vladimir Putin.
 Yes.
 And I think he's also a reincarnation of a Lama.
 He's a...
 Buddhist Lama.
 No other spits at your face.
 Well, Putin, weren't like that.
 Well, why is he getting a nuclear weapon dismantled, though?
 So this was listed on his website and then when you looked into it,
 it was that he funded for one to be dismantled.
 But I think he is like his friends with Putin.
 Oh, very much so.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, very much so.
 He lived in Russia now, he moved to Moscow.
 I think he lives in Russia.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Like Gerard Depardieu.
 Well, Gerard Depardieu did it for tax reasons, I think, mostly.
 Because his flat rate tax in Russia.
 Not that I've ever looked into.
 There's a certain kind of actor who, when their career is a bit on the scale,
 so they think, "I'll just go to Russia."
 That's the future.
 It's very like, I think, Depardieu and Seagal are in a slightly bit of a feather there.
 I think.
 Okay, it's a bit...
 Obviously.
 Which current day actor do you think is next on the line?
 What a great...
 I can't think of any more actors.
 Okay, he won't sue us.
 Okay, here is one more for me today.
 This is a fact that is now under the custodianship of Aaron I Officer.
 Your fact is that Viking names included "Desirous of Beer", "Squat Wiggle",
 "Lust hostage", "Short penis", "Able to fill a bay with fish by magic",
 "The man who mixes his drinks and the man without trousers".
 Wow.
 Bit of a long one.
 Well, not if you're short penis.
 This might have been a live show.
 Is it for the book festival?
 It was. We did it in the...
 The comedy book festival.
 It was in Camden.
 It was in Camden, the Irish centre in Camden.
 That's right.
 Yes, and we should say, if you join as a friend of the podcast,
 you get a certificate with your fact on it.
 And I just want to say we're really stretching the bounds of what the certificate
 can hold with your fact, Aaron.
 So I hope it's fit on there all we've used the right font.
 Yes, sorry about that.
 I mean, guys, let's pick our Vikings.
 Who do you want to be?
 I love the man without trousers.
 Oh, yeah.
 I will go for "Able to fill a bay with fish by magic".
 I feel like that's me.
 Yeah?
 Yeah, well, I'm definitely "Squat Wiggle".
 Man, I think Camden is.
 He knows, I see.
 Should we have one more?
 Okay.
 Maddie Chandler, this is for you.
 You only live once is the fourth autobiography by Katie Price.
 Wow.
 Has she done any sense, do you think?
 I think she has.
 I see.
 Yeah, I think she has.
 Because when would we have done this?
 Episode 35.
 So that would have been...
 Still 2014, 2014, yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, so we were doing the book festival.
 And this was a fact taken directly from one of the QI fact books.
 I think that was what we did.
 Oh, was that what we were pushing?
 Yeah, we were all taking one fact from that.
 And of that book, which had something like 1,200 facts,
 this was the one fact of mine that made it into that book.
 Well done, please.
 Are you still living off those royalties?
 1,339 of the royalties goes to you.
 Okay, that's it.
 Those are our facts going out to you.
 So congratulations to all eight friends of the podcast we've just covered.
 That's Maddie, Aaron, Alexander, Michelle, Elaine,
 Ula, Jeff and Jennifer.
 If you would like to get your own fact,
 or just to join Club Fish and get ad free episodes and bonus stuff
 and so much more, it's so much fun on there.
 You can do that by going to patreon.com/nosuchthingasofish.
 That's it for this little fish.
 We'll be back in a few days with another big fish.
 But until then, it's bye from these guys.
 I'll see you guys.
 Bye, guys.
 And it's goodbye from me. Bye.
 [Music]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
