 Hi everybody, Andy and Dan here, and we have an announcement to make before the show begins.
 That's right. In just a few weeks, I, Dan, will be on tour around the UK with my first solo
 live show in over a decade. Sounds amazing. Well, it's going to be great. It's called This
 Changes Everything. It is an hour and 20 minutes. It's not 20. Yeah, there's an interval between
 the first 20, then you get an hour, and it's going to be packed with all of the stuff that I love.
 You know, all the weird stories. I've got amazing facts, weird redstring theories,
 danic dots about my life and your life, Andy, and about me. That's a lot about you in the show.
 It's loads of personal stuff. Yeah, so I'm going to be there. You're going to be there. I'd love
 for all of you listening to be there as well. If you like fish, I promise you you're going to love
 this. It's packed with facts. It's packed with jokes. October 11th is when the tour kicks off. I'm in
 Edinburgh, then the 12th, I'm in Newcastle, 16th in Birmingham, 17th in Cardiff, and then just go to
 thischangeseverything.co.uk to find out all about November, because I'll be going across the rest of
 the UK, then. It's going to be wonderful, guys. If you like anything you've heard on this show over
 the last 12 years, you're going to like this show. You did a hangout with Dan. Yeah, I know, we'll be
 hanging out after the show, by the way. Dan, promise us. I guess like 20 quid. It's 20 quid, guys.
 Come along. We're all getting our tickets. The other three of us is going to be terrific fun.
 Go to thischangeseverything.co.uk. Just think 2015. That's when things started going wrong in
 this country. When you stop touring, there you go. Let's fix the UK, everyone. 100 cedar
 room at a time. Okay, I'll put the podcast. I'll put the show.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming to you
 from the QI offices in Hobern. My name is Dan Schreiber. I am sitting here with Andrew Hunter Murray,
 Anna Tishinsky, and James Harkin. And once again, we have gathered around the microphones with our
 four favorite facts from the last seven days. And in no particular order, here we go. Starting with
 fact number one, and that is Anna. My fact this week is that paramedics in Japan have asked people
 to stop rearranging their shoes when they take them off at the door. Hopefully. How are they rearranging
 them? Is it in size order or all the lifts and all the lifts? Because that's how we do it in our house,
 yeah. That's whatever. That's good. It's for convenience usually. So this was an Instagram video that was
 put out by the fire department in the city of Kanazawa or Kanazawa. And they were saying that,
 of course, in Japan, you take your shoes off at the door, basically everywhere you go if you're going
 to someone's house. And the polite thing to do is to rearrange people's shoes so that when they're
 leaving, they can put them on easily. So you'd rearrange people's shoes so they're facing outwards. So
 you could almost just walk out of the door and just step out without even looking down. It sounds nice.
 It sounds nice. It sounds perfect. It sounds clever. If I'm a paramedic and I'm taking someone out on
 the stretcher, I want to be able to step into my shoes and walk out the door. What way are your feet
 facing? If you're the one who's walking backwards on the stretcher. That's the reason. That's the
 reason. And they arrange their shoes as they show in this video very specifically so that when they
 aren't carrying a stretcher out, one of them steps inside ways when I might be going backwards.
 And then you know that polite bloody do-gudder whose husband's just collapsed upstairs,
 starts rearranging the shoes. They can lose 30 seconds if they come out and someone's rearranged
 their shoes. 30 seconds here or there. Wait a minute. Yeah. Okay, it's very sensible. I
 visited Japan once or twice. And the shoe thing is, you know, it's really real. And normally there's a
 there's a lower bit where you leave your shoes and then you step up into the room, which I think
 just think is so nice. Yeah. A gang can. Yes, exactly. Yeah. Have you, James, because you've been as well.
 Did you experience toilet slippers? Love those. Love those. I love the idea of them. I've never
 been to Japan. So I've never had the whole slipper situation. You get to someone's house. You're
 going for dinner or whatever. You leave your shoes. You put on your house slippers that they've
 provided for you. Yeah. Then you need to go to the loo. So you go to the loo. You step out of your
 house slippers into the toilet slippers. The ones you're allowed to pee on. Yeah. I just call those
 my shoes. Then you go to the loo and you change out of your toilet slippers into your house slippers
 and then eventually out of your house slippers into your shoes. Okay, can I ask you a question then
 because you both have experienced it. Anna, have you been to Japan? I have no. Okay. We've all got
 different size feet. Does every house have the equivalent of like bowling shoes at a bowling alley?
 They are a nice counter and someone takes your measurements and there's one of those other
 machines you stick your foot in. And they spray some weird stuff in them to get rid of your verica's.
 Yeah. That's what I see now. No, like the Molly flip flops that one size fits all a little bit.
 Okay. If you're not walking far inside the loo. Yes. Yeah. We have a range of slippers for guests
 in our house and the thing is the good thing is down that humans don't have a giant range of foot
 sizes. So it's not like some people's feet are two centimetres and some people's feet are a meter long.
 In the end, if you've got for women sizes five and six covered and for men sizes 10 and 11,
 you're bait, you're bought enough and that's what we have. What if a clown's coming to stay?
 We never invite them around for that reason. There's one other interesting thing about the
 toilet slippers and I wonder if you both experience this is if you're staying in a dorm situation where
 the bathroom is outside. A lot of Japanese toilets, they don't actually have locks on them from what
 I've read. And the slippers act as a lock because when you're walking towards them, when you see
 the house slippers outside, you know someone's inside and so not to rattle the door. That's clever.
 Yeah, so that's your way of saying this is occupied. Yeah, I'm sorry to say that I only stayed in
 places that had their own toilet. So you didn't use many outdoor toilets. I know, I know, I'm a bit of
 whiny-tight in these days. You changed. Apparently a big faux part is when you get back to the dinner table
 and everyone looks at your feet and you realise you've left your toilet slippers on. Oh yeah,
 that's bad. That was embarrassing. Very cringe. Well speaking of locked doors, I'm surprised that
 Japan doesn't have more of a security problem because all of their doors, as you guys may be noticed,
 all of their front doors open outwards and that's because if you're opened inwards, you knock all the
 shoes in the indoor porch out of place. But that must be a problem because I was looking at some
 locksmiths websites and the reason our doors open inwards is so that you can have the hinge on
 the inside. Otherwise you can just take the hinge off and remove the door and get into the house.
 So I don't know how Japan does it. There's a lot of chat about them having burglar-proof hinges,
 but you go to a lot of the places and it's like the walls are made of paper anyway. You don't really
 matter about the door. You can just walk through the wall at a lot of the time. Those of human-shaped
 holes. Can I just have a little guess? Oh yeah. Whether everyone here is a shoes on or a shoes off
 in the house person. And I just said the house is shoes off which I, you could have not been down
 with a feather. I'm staggered. I would have thought you were absolutely a shoes on. I think I was
 talking about people generally. Other people come around. They have to put slippers on but you
 wear shoes. Muddy boots. Yeah. I put on the under boots as I walk in. Okay. I would say that
 is a shoe on. Household person. Yeah. But he lives near the beach and so that does where it's
 getting even dirtier. Are you going to tell us? I know I reveal a lot about myself on this show
 but this really feels quite personal information. I'm sorry. So I'm going to plead the fifth on this
 show. Thanks for mentioning your spoke out. And you're going to have a guess on me. Shoes on. No doubt.
 Shoes on. I am naturally a shoes on person but due to my wife being a shoes off person we are now
 shoes off people. I would have said exactly that. I had that answer in my mind. Nice. It is a Russian
 thing like shoes off for sure. Yeah. Nice. I think like quite often you can tell countries that have
 a lot of snow and stuff or people traditionally would have had dirty shoes. It's more common I think.
 I would say it's way more common now than it was 20 years ago here. Much more common. This is
 just anecdotally but everyone I know pretty much I'd take my shoes off in their house now. Whereas
 when I was a kid if anyone had asked my mother to take her shoes off before walking in she would
 have slammed the door in their face and that's the end of the friendship. Really? She would have
 taken the head off of whack them over their head with the dog. This is a strong woman. Your shoes off
 obviously. You're all clothes off aren't you? Yeah. You can't be too careful. I'm just going to put
 on my toilet suit. It's shoes on clothes off. It's a weird, weird dinner parties at Andy's.
 Just back to your headline fact very quickly. A lot of people made the point. Listen if it's a
 paramedic coming in I think maybe just keep the shoes on and get inside, right? Like why are you
 losing time at all taking your shoes off? The point. But there is a precedence in Japan of people being
 hit as a result of coming in as a paramedic and not taking their shoe off. As in hit in the face because
 they've still got the shoes off. Yeah, yeah. So there's a case in 2017. There was a 66-year-old man
 who complained of a pain in his leg. Paramedics came over. The guy didn't take his shoes off. He said,
 what the hell are you doing? Punched him in the face. And then some bar paramedics came and it's
 got him. They didn't take their shoes off. And at the end he's got a pile of paramedics. Yeah, I think
 they both got taken to hospital on the same ambulance. And he got in big trouble. But he did have a
 sign saying no shoes in house and he took it seriously. Maybe that's why they do. It is. Japan is quite
 particular in lots of ways. It's obviously very very mannered society with lots of different layers
 of politeness. And shoes are a big thing. I wonder if you guys remember there was a thing that might
 have gone into a book of the year. We used to write the books of the year about all the interesting stuff.
 And in 2018 there was a huge cultural ding dong when the then and current Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu
 served the Japanese Prime Minister who was then a Shinzo Abe. Do you remember this? Desert in a shoe.
 Oh yes. I do remember this. A huge faux pas. Not the worst thing Netanyahu has done. But it is a
 deeply insulting thing to do basically. Was it a pastry mess translation? I don't follow.
 Very good. Sorry, that joke was actually, it was too good for me to laugh.
 It was a chocolate praline pudding and he served it in two pairs of men's brogues. And there's
 a picture of Shinzo Abe sitting there looking at this pudding in a shoe. I'm thinking this in my
 culture this is the most insulting thing you could do. Sorry, can I just say that if I were served a
 pudding in a shoe, I would find it slightly odd. I don't think it's not the kind of thing when you say
 Shinzo Abe, oh, in the rest of the world, we always did this. It was such a good point. I think it
 was a very posh chef who had been hired for the occasion. And run out of plates. We spent all the
 money on the chef. We didn't have any crockery budget. Don't worry, I've got it. One thing that I associate
 Japan etiquette with is cleaning football stadiums. When you see this, it happened in the most
 recent World Cup, but it's happened for a while now. They do. So whenever Japan plays any football
 match, after the game, the fans always clean up the stadium after themselves and they get a lot of
 plaudits from everyone else around the world saying isn't that polite. But in the Japanese press,
 they're not so happy about it because apparently Japanese men have one of the worst rankings in the
 world for doing household chores. So a lot of the newspapers, when they show these pictures of these
 guys cleaning up the stadiums, they're like, well, why aren't you cleaning your house? I'm already
 burning with rage on behalf of the Japanese women opening that newspaper. When you're trying to
 impress the Belarusian fans, you do probably know where a little picker is. That's great. Yeah, that is
 nice. That is so annoying. Yeah, wow. I was really get a book of etiquette from Japan, but from 1911.
 And it was really interesting because it was actually very similar to what our etiquette might dictate
 with a few, well, a few quite revealing things that just shows police actions. Like one rule was that
 it is extremely rude to send a caller away when you're at home, as in someone who knocks on the door,
 that kind of caller. But some people decide whether they shall be at home or not, only after they've
 heard the caller's name. Oh, that's good. Oh, wink. So did they have to when they ring the doorbell,
 did they have to say, Andy, calling? I think you must have to because yeah, you have given the game,
 we haven't you when you say, who is it? Well, obviously the answer is I put on a fake voice and I say,
 it's Dan calling and they're like, oh, come in, go in. Their jokes go knock knock. Who's there? Dan,
 I'm not home. There is a thing at the moment called Nui Katsu, which is you get a cuddly tie
 and you take it with you to restaurants and you sit on a chair next to you in the restaurant and
 it's common in Japan or relatively common in Japan, I think. And the idea is you dress them up and
 then you take a photo of them. And what it means is you can have a photo of your food and your cuddly
 tie in the restaurant, which shows you were there, but you don't have to be in the photo. So like,
 let's say you worried about online security or whatever. It's like almost like your alter ego.
 It's like an avatar. Yeah, it's protection. You're worried about the Yakuza. It could be. Yeah,
 you never know. But it's been banned in quite a lot of restaurants for etiquette reasons. Can you
 guess any of my gravy on it? Well, not really. Okay. But almost takes up a seat. Yeah. So it takes up
 space, because if you're in a restaurant, which is not like private tables, most of them in Japan are,
 but sometimes you might have like counter service. It will be taken up one of the seats. But also,
 if you make a little dish for the tie, then you have to clean the dishes and all that kind of stuff.
 So it's a bit of extra work for the people. Where older people order crockery? Do they order
 like doll sized crockery? Well, they'll put a little bit of food for the teddy so that they can have
 a photo with it and stuff. Yeah, I guess the main reason not to be that it's incredibly annoying for
 everyone else. Well, there's not doing any harm. That's quite nice. If you are going into these
 spaces where it's, you know, one seat and someone sits next to you, it's slightly nice way of just
 going like a bit of space as that normally puts his bag there. You draw a face on it, don't you?
 And the other reason is hygiene, because you're carrying the plushies outdoors. You might be
 taking a photo of it next to the Tokyo Tower or something. So it's been somewhere dirty and then
 you're pulling it on top. But you've been next to the Tokyo Tower. I actually leave my plushie
 outside the toilet and then I take out my piss plushie. That goes in with me. That's a very unusual
 nickname for your penis. It's small and soft and squishy. It's got a face on it.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two and that is James. Okay, my fact this week is that according
 to one theory, Christopher Columbus only existed for six years before he discovered the Americas.
 Yes, this is my kind of fact. Yes. So obviously people were living in America for a long time,
 but this is the first European contact or was it? No, we just got there. Let's not get into all that
 kind of stuff. We're talking about Christopher Columbus 1492. And there is a theory that he was not
 really Christopher Columbus. He was a guy called Pedro Alvarez de Soutamayo, who was a very kind of
 important Spanish noble who disappeared around 1486. And at the same time Columbus came into the
 historical record for the first time. We don't really have any history for him before then.
 And there's a lot of circumstantial evidence about it because like Columbus's text, anything that
 he wrote has this kind of Galician sort of, there's like a lot of words and phrases in there that are
 more associated with the Spanish areas. And he was given a coat of arms by the King of Spain,
 which incorporates some sort of golden bands that are part of the heraldry of this guy who
 disappeared. And there has been some recent studies where they dug up some relatives of this guy
 Soutamayo and did some genetic analysis and found that they were maybe direct ancestor of Christopher
 Columbus's family. That work has not been peer reviewed. And I would say that the majority of people
 in the historical community do not agree with any of this stuff, but it is a relatively out there
 theory. I think it sounds sound case closed. To be honest, you persuaded me.
 It's because people, I guess the counter-argument is, I suppose, people, historical records are quite
 slim. So someone disappearing and someone else appearing around the same time is not the open and
 topic. Well, actually weirdly, a bit like Shakespeare, we know more about Columbus and almost anyone
 else who is alive in that time. Yeah, right. The other side of the argument is Columbus said he was
 from Genoa. He would say that wouldn't he? In his will, he said he was from Genoa. But then that
 document was shown in court a bit after he died. And some people say that maybe they've fabricated it.
 Lots of people called him Genoa's in his lifetime. A biography of his son said that he came from
 Genoa's aristocracy. Now, we don't think he's from the aristocracy, but we think he's from Genoa.
 But I don't mind how he's now. No, because obviously he's got a reason to have abandoned who he
 formally was. So he's lied about all of that stuff, hasn't he? He's done the paper trail. Yeah, yeah.
 It's weird that I'm the one who gave this fight, but I'm the one arguing against it.
 But I think it is a bit on the dodgy side, but who knows? Well, there's a similarity mentioned
 Shakespeare, where his name also just changes all the time. Columbus's name, you know, he'd be
 Christophyrus Dicolombo, you know, as one of the versions of his name. So he's muddying it himself,
 all people just liked having different names, depending on the moods. I think it's just those
 different spellings and stuff. Fun fact about Columbus. Because there might be some less fun facts
 later on. I think it's important to have the case with the defense first. His father owned a cheese
 stand, apparently. And young Christopher worked at the cheese stand every now and again as a nipper.
 Good on him. Having a little Saturday job in your team. It could do good work ethic and that paid
 off, didn't it? But the way thing was his brother, Batholomew, ran a cartography workshop,
 which are very interesting, given that Columbus is associated with one of the most famous
 screw-ups of a measurement in recorded history. This is, he got very lucky, didn't he, Columbus?
 Because basically everything that he thought was wrong about the world, he miscalculated the
 size of the earth by about fourfold if you're talking about circumference. So he estimated a distance
 of 2,400 nautical miles to get to the far east, which is where he thought he was going, famously.
 The actual distance is 10,600 nautical miles if there was no Americas in the way. So that would
 have been an issue. There was no ship that could have carried enough supplies. No one could have
 got there. But it worked out, didn't it? Because he bumped into America. And when he knew the size of
 the earth from the time of Ptolemy. That's also weird, yeah. Third century BC, oh sorry, Eratosthenes,
 calculated the size of the earth, I'm pretty much nailed it. Yeah. And then nearly 2000 years later,
 Columbus says, I think I can improve on this and just gets it wrong. Were we sure he, like, were
 they sure he nailed it? I think I think everyone accepts it because the way that he did it, if memory
 serves is it was like shadows in different places. Yeah, the distance between the two and the
 sun and the sun and the sun and the sun and the sun and the sun. So like that's an incredible piece of
 mass to do in the third century BC. Columbus, like Columbus is the equivalent of a tinfoil hat person
 these days. He says, actually, he's like a flat earth these days. But he kind of was Andy because
 he wrote a book of prophecies and he was largely guided by God. He thought we were living in apocalyptic
 times. He thought there was only about 150 years left after his mission in a furnace to the people
 who were living in America at the time. They were living in apocalyptic times. Yeah, absolutely. But
 he thought he was driven by God. So it almost didn't matter whether he got calculations or whatever
 wrong because he had this belief that he was on a mission directly given to him by God.
 He thought this will lead me to the right spot. Yeah, well, to be fair, I think a lot of people
 did think he was a loon. And actually at the time he suggested it, he approached various people
 saying, look, I'm going to sail to China or Japan or what would become China or Japan. And he went
 to the Portugal. Can I do it? The King of Portugal said, I think the earth's way bigger than you've
 calculated. He said, no, no, no, honestly, he went to Queen Isabella. She said, no, mate, it's way
 bigger than you've calculated. And then I think just an advisor went to it was Queen Isabella in
 Ferdinand. Wasn't it in Spain and said, you know what? I think you should try out this Columbus
 crazy theory. And so it was just random that they went back and said, okay, some guy says it's not
 way bigger when he came back. And they would have been like, oh, shit. Are we all wrong?
 Yeah, he did. When he arrived in Hispaniola, he thought he was in Japan. But that's because there
 was a lot of shoes outside. And then when they landed a bit later in South America around the
 Oranoko River in Venezuela, I think they might have thought maybe this is a different continent
 at that stage, but he also thought that he might have been in the Garden of Eden.
 Because there was an idea that the earth was, it had a bulge that was shaped like a woman's
 breast. And it contained the Garden of Eden exactly where the nipple would be.
 Because it was closer to heaven.
 Horn dog cartographers. Absolutely. The four map.
 But he never made it to current USA, North America. No, he got to Central and Caribbean.
 And a little bit of South America. A little bit of South America. But he never got to North America.
 Got to Cuba and made people. Because I think maybe room was going to spread about the whole new
 continent thing. And they got to Cuba. And he again thought this was part of the continent.
 And he made his crew swear that it wasn't an island. Because I think they were saying this looks
 a bit like an island to me. And he's determined about his ideas. And he said they'd have their tongues
 cut out if they said that it might be an island. So you can see the other side from here.
 I'll galt your eyes out. You say that kind of thing. You know, you've got to be careful around Christopher.
 He was. He was a twat. There is no doubt about that. He was at one stage. They were arrested.
 Him and his brothers weren't there for abusing the new colonists. Yes.
 Basically taken in chains back to Spain. And then given to the king and queen saying,
 what do you want to do with this reprobate? And they said, well, he's bringing us quite a lot of
 gold. I really. Or maybe it wasn't gold. But he's bringing a lot of stuff back. And they were like,
 all right. Fine. Yeah. Because I suspect you have to be doing some pretty bad stuff to attract
 the attention of the authorities in the new world back then. Exactly. Quite far. And there's,
 obviously, his record is reassessed in recent years. Statue of him was torn down in Baltimore
 several years ago. Yeah. Which I think has just been re erected in the White House grounds.
 Johnnie Good. Yeah. No, no, no, no, no. Oh, Christopher's put it back up saying Columbus was the original
 American hero. And one of the most, I mean, it wasn't American. And one of the most gallant
 and visionary men ever to walk the face of the earth. I've got a statue of Edward Colster,
 I can sell it. Do you know so many people died as a result of him arriving that the earth's
 temperature changed. And I'm I want to say now I'm not suggesting this as a strategy to cope with
 climate change. But I don't think anyone thought you were saying that. So 56 million Indigenous
 people were killed across the Americas by 1600 by generally by disease. Well, the thing is,
 so it's the communique change, which I always think is such an unaggressive work term for it. But
 generally by disease, but that's a bit of a misconception because a shed load were murdered as
 well at the start. So Columbus did go and he murdered thousands of people. But yes, and then
 lots, of course, by disease. So 56 million people, 10% of the global population, so many that
 it meant a lot of rewilding of the Amazon. Okay. So that meant, you know, people had been farming
 the Amazon a lot, taking a lot of trees down. Suddenly loads of trees grew, lots of carbon dioxide
 taken out of the atmosphere, cooled the earth, created the little ice age. We think it's a very
 popular scientific theory. It's a bit controversial. Some people don't know, but created the
 little ice age, which then made spruce trees grow more densely, which then gave us Stradivarius
 violence. And there's your upside. Right. There we go. Which actually sounded exactly the same as
 other violence. Oh, yeah. We got hammocks from the Americas. Okay. I thought they might have come
 from like the Pacific Islands. I believe the idea of hammocks came to Europe from, yeah, from this
 landing got to South America Central America and realized lots of people using hammocks. And it was
 actually really revolutionary on ships. And it was quite a common cause of death before that,
 because you'd be stacked three bunks high. And people used to fall off in the waves. And you die
 falling out of bed, which is an embarrassing way to go. So you fall off the actual boat. Of the
 bunk. A die. It does seem unlikely. Now I see it. Like rocking around at the high seas. You're two
 meters up and you hit a wave and you come. I still think you've left the window open.
 Can we just get a reason? It's so warm with all of us in here. No, but if you thought it also,
 it's not luxurious thick shag pal carpet. It's on to bare planks, I imagine. And your bones are
 weakened by scurvy, of course, it just seems very unlikely. And it seems if people were dying
 from falling off the top bunk, you might just have two bunks. I've got guys. What we shouldn't have
 done is that all thousand people on this ship are sleeping in one bunk bed with a thousand stories.
 I think that was a mistake. Look, now I say it, it does seem like so many people died from falling
 off top buns. But hammock solved this problem because of course you don't fall out of a hammock.
 It swings with you and you've got those sides that natural material that naturally come up around
 you. So very hard to tip someone out. I don't know if you've ever tried, but it's harder to tip
 some out of a hammock than to push them out of a bed. But yeah, they definitely were introduced
 after he sailed to the Americans. And it does seem like a weird idea to have three story bunk beds
 on a boat. Maybe people more broke their, broke the wrists. I can send you all send you the
 source. You can put it in and have people taking the piss. It does feel weird. It feels like
 sailors have been murdering each other putting them in the top bunk, chucking them out and saying,
 "Oh, now another bunk bed." It's such a shame that guy who owed me five shillings has died.
 Captain, should we make a more of the plank? No, let's put him in the top bunk!
 Something else that Columbus did on Jamaica, which was of ingenious and twatish. So true to his form,
 this was in 1504. It was his fourth transatlantic voyage and he was stranded with his men in Jamaica.
 At first, the Jamaica native, who had lived there at the time, had helped them out with food and
 stuff in exchange for various trinkets, but they ended up getting a bit bored of the little bits of,
 you know, decoration that Columbus's people were giving them. So they stopped giving them food.
 They were running out. Fortunately, Columbus had astronomical tables. And these were things that
 showed you what the stars were going to do. And so he knew that a lunar eclipse was coming up on
 February 29th. Yeah. So you can see why he thought God was on his side, right? God's been like,
 you know what, I'll give you that lunar eclipse Columbus, you'll know it's coming. So he checked his
 table and then he went out to the locals and he said, look, I'm sorry, you've stopped giving us food.
 God's really angry about that. My God, the real one. And he said he's going to darken the moon.
 I'm so annoyed with myself because we just had a solar eclipse, right? Yeah. And what I did was,
 I told my doctor it was going to happen and we made some eclipse stuff and you got really excited
 about it and we watched it. What I could have done is not told it was going to happen and then
 pretended that some magical unicorn did it or something. Yeah, pretended you were God
 to control good behavior out of her. She could be eating her peas now. If you don't eat your peas,
 I'm going to make the sun disappear. It seems disproportionate, Dad. I've saved my power for this
 moment. Okay, it is time for fact number three. And that is Andy.
 My fact is when Churchill met Stalin and complimented him on his goldfish, Stalin offered to have them
 killed for Churchill's breakfast. It's just a fun story. This is a lovely little detail from a book
 called Allies at War by Tim Boevery, which is about diplomatic relations in the war and all the
 summits that happened. There were so many conferences between Churchill and Stalin and the US
 presidents of Roosevelt and then Truman after Roosevelt died and they were deciding what the deal was
 and how the world was going to look and the shape of Europe and the idea of the United Nations,
 all of this stuff. So there was Tehran and there was the altar in Potsdam and goldfish were a bit
 of a feature of the altar conference, certainly. So there was a huge amount of buggery about bugging,
 taking sides. I definitely have different research. Yeah, I agree. People were bugging each other.
 What, you know, how do you guys describe that? No, no, you're right. They did do a lot of that
 twist in Europe, I would say, but everyone was being bugged all the time because this was,
 Yolta was taking place on the Black Sea and Potsdam in Germany. But the Black Sea one, which was,
 you know, the Stalin hosted one as it were, Yolta, at one point a British official called
 Charles Portal. He says, "Oh, what a lovely nice fish tank. Shame it doesn't have any fish in it.
 He's making this remark offhand to a colleague of his in English. The next day, it's full of goldfish."
 Really? So it's clearly there was a lot of funny business going on behind the scenes.
 Like, quite often, I would say that they would do that to show you that you are being bugged.
 Yeah, that's what I would have thought. That's a lot of that happened in Soviet Union.
 I think that's how they interpreted it, isn't it? Like, I read one exchange or one letter of
 the cameraman saying, "You know, they clearly wanted us to feel a little bit washed." And this was
 right. Because if you want to gain secret information, then it's a bad thing to do.
 As soon as you're genuinely trying to listen to the English as they're talking,
 well, then they might not look for the other bugs. Oh, that's good. It's like the second rotten fish in
 the car radiator. Yes, but that's also, sorry. I'm never letting you be a passenger in my car.
 You put two rotten fish in someone's radiator and the car smells of fish and they find the fish
 and they go, "Ah, got it." But then there's still another one there, not in a way.
 We've all done it, actually. Crucially, you've labeled the fish one and three.
 But no, so one of the points of that is that the idea would be you debug it. You have your security
 detail go in, debug the entire room, but they would always say, "But we won't have got everything."
 So they still did know that they were bugged. It was a kind of weird game of chess.
 Do they know? Are they aware? And the Americans in English said, "Yes, we were aware even after
 debugging that we were being bugged." So they would then put out false information out loud in their rooms.
 Not what was going on at any point. Yeah. This is why it basically achieved nothing.
 There was another excellent instance of a similar thing. The official American cameraman,
 who was there to take photos of it, he remembered that when FDR first arrived at Yolta,
 he stepped in and he said, "As was his habit because it was late afternoon, he made a picture of dry
 martinis, and as he passed a glass to Stalin, he apologetically said that a good martini really
 should have a twist of lemon." And then the cameraman said, "At 6am, the following morning when I
 came into the entrance hall, I was astonished to find a huge lemon tree. I counted some 200 pieces of
 fruit on it, which is a weird thing for him to have done." In a pot, was it just suddenly in the ground?
 I think it was in a pot. Okay, yeah, that makes more sense. Yeah, because he'd had it flown in from
 Georgia, right, me. That's very cool, really. Efficient. So Stalin and Churchill, this is one of their
 later meetings, but they first met in 1942. So America sent over a representative called Hariman,
 Churchill went his self. And weirdly, we know the exact things that were being said because when
 they were on the plane on the way over, together, the plane was so noisy, they couldn't hear each other,
 and so they had to write everything on notes. We still have those notes in the libraries of
 Congress. Yeah, not only for their trip there, but their trip back as well. Did they want to say
 them next to each other? It was so noisy. It was just so noisy on this old school bomber plane
 that they were on that they just couldn't hear each other. So we do have the hand-rights, really.
 God, I honestly thought you meant like the other passengers were having such a lot. Passes over to the
 guy with the mustache. Right, yes, no, the engines, that does. Yeah, because if you're Churchill and the
 American representative, you could probably have some sort of like a Ryan air flight or whatever.
 Should have put first class, that's the thing with Ryan now, you have to pay extra to sit next
 to your friends. There was a war on. Yeah, but so they got there. And Churchill, when he went to the
 first function where he first met Stalin on that trip, he came in in one of his onesies as a
 post to looking a bit more, you know, a suit or whatever. As we discussed before, right, one of our
 earliest facts, Churchill often wore onesies. It was exactly like a onesie, but it was his kind of,
 well, it looked like it's like a boiler suit. Exactly, yeah. It didn't have a teddy bear on it.
 Actually, when you say a onesie, it's like... Oh, yeah, it's plushy with him.
 Yeah, and he confused a lot of the public as well, because they were hoping that what the
 Americans in the English were going to do was a second front to help them out. And Churchill did his
 classic v-sign for peace, but everyone interpreted that as second front. Yes, that's what's going to happen.
 Oh, really? And that's not why they were there. And Churchill hated that meeting where he was
 wearing his onesie, went home, yelled in his room that this was terrible. They heard it over the
 microphones that were bugging the room. And so he got invited then to go visit Stalin in his
 personal house. And they got drunk until three in the morning. And that's where things got better.
 They got absolutely wankered than they were there. Yeah, Stalin, the Molotov, got really, really drunk.
 With his cocktail? We know that Churchill was drinking red wine, and not as much as Stalin wanted
 him to drink, because Stalin wanted him to get absolutely shit-faced, but Churchill started feeling
 at a little bit and thought, "Okay, I'm going to go on to the red wine now." This is interesting,
 because Stalin was having his glass refilled with water. I think whenever an house was being
 refilled with vodka, because Stalin wanted to stay a bit more control of the situation.
 I think if we said before that Churchill did the Stalin trick as well, where he'd weaken his drinks
 as well, so it seemed like he was drinking more. So they were both secretly probably drinking
 chocolate. They're all so bad. Then in 1943, so this one was in Moscow, you're talking about
 down. So then the next year they met in Tehran, and Churchill presented Stalin with a special
 sword, the sword of Stalin grad, because Stalin grad had just happened, and he got this
 sword commissioned. It was made in Sheffield, and it was supposed to be a gift from the king to say
 congratulations, or well done, the citizens of Stalin grad for managing to get through that.
 Stalin picked up the sword, held it from the sheath, the wrong way round, the sword then just
 fell to the ground. So that was a big faux pas. But it wasn't the worst thing that happened in the war.
 No. Or indeed the worst thing associated with Stalin grad.
 Yeah, but it doesn't make it to the top hundred list of bad things.
 It's number one hundred. It's the one that gets, you know, in the channel five show,
 when it's kind of one hundred worst things to happen. It's the one at the start that gets people
 sucked in. Yeah, is it like those I remember the 80s? Yeah. I remember Stalin grad.
 It just got like Rufus Hound talking over some VT.
 Yolta was, the Yolta conference was, was not, Yolta was not doing well at the time, right? It
 was apparently pretty grim the surrounding. So when they flew in, this is February 1945,
 the route was to fly to the airfield in Yolta and then to drive for eight hours past bombed
 buildings and rotted animal carcasses. It was really tough there. But when they got there,
 things were much more pleasant. The caviar constantly. So one American officer estimated that
 during the week of the old conference, he ate 12 pounds of caviar. Wow. Yeah. They all hated it,
 though. It's too much. Yeah. And that's what they, I read multiple accounts of people being like,
 it's a nightmare. It's literally a bowl of caviar before every single meal. You don't want it that much.
 Before every minute, not a whole bowl either. It is easy to get hold of in Russia in fairness.
 Yeah. I remember USSR like in the supermarkets, they'll have a caviar aisle.
 Yeah. Yeah. And they didn't even mix up the menu. They served them the same breakfast lunch and
 dinner every single day for eight days. I think it was. I know it's not, again, it's not the
 worst thing that happened in the war. No, but you don't get the day I go for that to 97 now in the top one.
 Lamb roast again. And there were things to opinions about the venue. Churchill did say if we had
 spent 10 years on research, we could not have found a worse place to stay. Yeah. Apparently there
 was a shortage of toilets in Yalta. Big shortage of toilets. Yeah. And he didn't even have to take
 his shoes off. So they were. So I read this one of our researchers, Gabriel posted this on our top
 boards because we're doing the Y series of QI at the moment. But apparently at one stage, Stalin was
 trying to find a toilet. Couldn't find one. There was one right near him, but Churchill was in it.
 It was too busy. So he went down the corridor, found another toilet finally, but because his
 security had lost sight of him at that moment, they thought that the US had tried to kidnap him.
 Really? There's a big sort of like fast moment where everyone's running around going,
 where's Stalin and everyone else is looking for it. Oh wow. It was just in the bottom.
 Yeah. So good. And do you think that was a power play by Churchill trying to get Stalin to
 shit himself? Oh, I hadn't thought of it that way. You know, the old. How long are you going to be?
 Yeah. Just a couple more minutes. Good of him. Because they were. Multiple people forced to share
 rooms, which you don't expect. Apparently eight US generals had to share a room. Sixteen
 colonels had to share another room and forty middle ranking. Oh my god. Please don't tell me it was
 bunk beds. Not all of them came back. There's a separate. It's very side in the war
 symmetry. There's a bit where the gravestones are on top of each other. And that is.
 The Andy, you said Churchill loved his goldfish. He really loved his fish. At Chartwell,
 he used to keep thousands of fish, which is his home. Apologies. Yeah. He has a home that you can
 go and visit. I have visited and I'm seeing a few of you have as well. Have you not? Oh, Andy,
 I know you have. I've been four times. Yeah. I genuinely have. But did they have a lot of
 Hitler memorabilia there? Well, do you think I'm going? That's great. It's really nice. Well,
 except it's in Kent, southeast of London. If you're interested in Churchill, it's a very interesting
 place to go because it was his former home and all of his furniture is still there. His paintings
 are on the wall. You know, if you want to see that side, because he painted a lot. Yeah, yeah.
 He was an artist himself. And he had this big pond full of fish. And this is how important they were to him.
 He used to import superior maggots over by rail from Yorkshire to feed them. Excuse me. Is anyone
 sitting there? Yes. My pet maggots say that. That's how he referred to them. He said they were
 aristocratic maggots. So if the train was delayed, did it arrive and there's just a load of fly?
 Did you guys read about Operation Unthinkable? No. This is a very interesting plan at the end of the war.
 So Churchill had a bit of form. He had sent troops to fight the Bolsheviks as they were in 1919.
 So that's probably why the first meeting with Stalin was a bit awkward because Churchill had literally
 sent a force to say, you know, I'm a driver. You were not in charge of Russia. But in 1945,
 the idea was come up with an Operation Unthinkable, which is the war is about to end. It's been six years
 of total war. Chunks of the world are completely devastated. Everyone's life has been touched.
 Let's invade Russia. And the plan was, within eight weeks of the war ending, we're going to invade
 Russia. Okay. Problem, of course. We're quite short of numbers compared with the Russian army,
 which is absolutely enormous now. And also no one in history has ever been able to invade
 Russia since we've literally got a card. We've got a picture point right now of a guy with the
 biggest army ever, a nutter who's just failed to do it. So, but don't worry, our plan is we'll
 rearm the German army and the SS and they'll be bang up for it. And that's all the numbers. This
 was the brainchild of a brigadier called Jeffrey Thompson, because there was a fear that the Soviets
 would just keep going until they got to Western Europe, basically literally anyone at any senior
 military level who read this plan said, I'm not sure about this. I'm not sure you even need to
 have been in the military to know that that's a shit idea. No, but he was commissioned to do, like,
 he was a serious person who was commissioned. He wasn't just a loopy person. The line is that
 he had ten ideas a day. Only one of them was any good and he didn't know which one. It was that
 was the pitch that was made about Churchill, which in many ways is mine. Still wasting, aren't we.
 No, no, guys, hear me out, hear me out, invading Russia Cup.
 Oh, Churchill, something I didn't know about Potsdam. Potsdam bit confusing for Stalin,
 because Roosevelt has died two months after Yolter. So, he's been replaced by Truman fine.
 But also, I hadn't realised that the British election happened in the middle of Potsdam.
 So, Churchill had to fly home and be replaced by Atley Halfway through.
 Yeah, yeah. Two years of summit.
 Quad, yeah, and Stalin was there saying, Stalin said to Churchill, he said to Churchill,
 "Of course you're going to win, you're the war leader." And also, he understandably said to some of
 Churchill's advisors, "Well, presumably you're leader will rig this anyway, so it's not a thing."
 And they were like, "No, honestly, this election thing, we do it."
 And he was astonished when a different Prime Minister came.
 It's like when a movie recaps a main character, but everyone else is the same.
 And you just have to just accept it and keep watching the movie.
 Muppet Potsdam.
 Okay. Keep going, okay.
 I guess who's the only real person in it?
 Because you've got to help him.
 Or Stalin's the one who's, like, Churchill gets picked out by Atley,
 and Truman comes in instead of Roosevelt. So, Stalin's the one person who's always the same.
 So, it's got to be human Joseph Stalin. So, human Joseph Stalin.
 And then it's, like, Miss Piggy for Churchill.
 Yeah, yeah. But she'll have to be replaced by Atley Kermit,
 and then Truman, Sam The Eagle, I guess.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Okay.
 I'm sure this does work, but because I haven't seen the Muppets, I'm just not getting genius.
 Okay. It is time for our final fact of the show, and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that most circus clowns are part yak.
 Which part? That's a good question.
 Oh, is it the plushie?
 Okay. So, when you see the wig of a clown, quite often, that is entirely made of yak hair.
 And I read about this, by the way, in a book that was reading recently called "Dame at Net
 Everage" by John Larr, and they were talking about how, when "Dame at Net Everage" is getting
 on to stage, Barry Humphreys is changing into the costume, that the wig's would come on,
 and the person who makes the wig saying this is entirely made of yak hair, because it is the best
 kind of hair for if you are doing any kind of stage performance, particularly if you were a clown,
 and you get pied, and you get all sorts of the...
 Because in the natural environment, yaks get pied quite a lot.
 Exactly.
 Not some rangs grow in Mongolia.
 That surprised me, the wigs were made from yaks.
 I just the extent to which you managed to plunder your 20th century comedians' biographies for
 a fact for this show is so impressive.
 It is. I'm really annoyed that I didn't get to my Bob Hope book in the last fact, when Chris
 Charles came to America, and calls his scandal. Yeah, it's really cool.
 Really cool. And I was reading about one guy in particular, called Joe Rapisada, who lived in New
 York, and he had a wig shop in Times Square, and basically he was Mr. Clown wig man.
 He would make all the wigs, and they used to import all of the yak hair from Tibet.
 They would have someone who was dedicated to treating it, washing it, the dyeing of it,
 to the right clown hair color, and it's not even just clowns.
 Major production still to this day in the West End, in movies, they all use yak hair.
 Yeah, so cats, the original Broadway show of cats, that was all yak hair.
 What? They were cat hairs. Oh my god.
 I know. I presume this guy, Joe Rapisada, who was there in the 1990s on Times Square,
 I presume that that business has been pushed out these days.
 I am fake shoppers, aren't I? Yeah, it feels like that's quite a hard
 premise to keep hot. Like, no one's going to Times Square for a wig these days.
 If it's a showbiz thing, it feels like the kind of actually kind of hips to showbiz thing you might
 have in New York. Yeah, I guess so. But they did the wigs for all Hollywood movies,
 and in the wigswirt. Oh, I just assumed that like...
 Yeah, but like in Central London, in one of the best spots in Central London,
 there's a big umbrella shop that there will buy some umbrellas from.
 That's a good point. Yeah, but that is the spies have some way to meet.
 I don't know. I think like some of these places they might have like
 thousand-year leases that they can... Oh, okay, I was...
 I just don't think it would all be M&M world by now, in Times Square.
 I think it's in a building in Times Square. I don't think it's a shopfront.
 Yeah, okay. I don't think it's that. But it is again, yeah, so it's used in Broadway.
 It's used in many places. I found one account of the rock Dwayne Johnson
 talking about his role as Hercules in a 2014 movie.
 And the chin hair, that was Yak testicle hair specifically. Come on. Yeah, that they had his hair on.
 This is what he says in the interview. Why? It's just better.
 Better hair. But the testicle hair in particular. Was it a goatee?
 Yucky. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Thank you.
 Testicle hair feels like it's usually not very good quality in human, so maybe they have different.
 There you. There you. I'm so sorry. There's no such thing as bad quality testicle hair.
 Only testicle hair that hasn't been treated right.
 No, good point. Yeah, if you get split hands down there.
 Well, you've got to stop straightening it.
 It feels like something you might have just said in an interview.
 Do you know what I don't know? Yeah, yeah, maybe he was elaborating because they use the belly hair of
 Yeah, so they use the belly hair because Yaks have the longest hair in nature, I think.
 And it's really useful because especially the Tien Zhu white yak has got very long white
 belly hair. So once you shave that off, you can dye it in any color you want.
 And they've been using it for many, many years. They used it for barrister wicks.
 And let you say, been used in loads of movies. There are a lot of the rings. They used it.
 Yeah, there's actually, and in the Hobbit, they used it for the dwarves except one.
 So quite a fun thing you're doing if you don't love the Hobbit itself is trying to spot the dwarf
 who has real human hair for hair rather than Yakke. Because Peter King, who was doing the costume,
 said that he mostly needed them to have really thick dense hair. And it's got that really thick density
 where you don't need to have too much of it. And human hair is too silky and doesn't have that
 texture. But one of the dwarves who is, I think, the lead dwarf has human hair.
 I see. The reason it needs to be like that apparently is like a perspective thing because you've
 got normal, heighted humans who have to be like small people. It looks better if the hair is really,
 really bulky and really sort of big and fluffy. Oh, it makes them look shorter because the hair
 is wider. Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah, interesting. And they said this guy, Peter King, he got his
 yak hair from England, even though I guess they were filming in New Zealand, but he said that they
 bought all the yak hair that was in England at the time. So there was no yak hair for anyone else.
 Oh, that's why the rock had to sit with bowl hair on his face. It was making her curious.
 60 to 80 kilograms of the stuff they used for a lot of the rings. Yeah. So many yaks worth of hair.
 So I don't, I'm presuming that they're sourcing it from domesticated yaks because there are two
 species of yak others, the wild, which there aren't terribly many of them, maybe not even 10,000
 of those left. And then there are the domesticated, which are actually doing a lot better,
 because there are, there are some millions of those, I believe. Yeah. So it'll be the domesticated ones
 for sure. Yeah, trim it. And then it grows back. I'm guessing you don't have to kill the egg.
 No, you don't. No. Every time you go to the hairdresser, you're quivering in terror.
 You still don't have to kill me for this one, do you? And it's just a cotton blower, right?
 Why do you think communism coming to China was bad for Santa clauses in America?
 Okay. Is it something to do with yak hair? It's actually completely unrelated. It's just something
 I've wanted to say. It is to do with yak hair. Okay. So like Santa Claus is need hair.
 Yeah, very good fake beards and stuff. Yeah. Yeah. But I'm not sure what the communism part of it
 is going to be though. So 1940s, you're absolutely right. The export of it's actually
 yet tails they used for Santa Claus's beard in American shopping malls. They were just becoming
 a huge thing, very easy to curl. Then 1951 China annexed Tibet, and it was also going communist.
 And so America put a big old trade embargo on, said it wasn't going to import Chinese goods anymore.
 So Santa bids suddenly rocketed in price because you couldn't get them anymore. And India exported
 Santa America and claimed that they'd come from Bhutan or whatever. But in the end, I think
 Santa bids became about 100 times more expensive. Well, luckily the US have never put trade
 sanctions on other countries that made everything miles more expensive for no real reason.
 They learned their lesson from Father Christmas game. In Tibet, you might put a lot of yak hair in
 your bra. This is very common. The black yak hair tent that they use is called a bra.
 It's some Tibetan dialect. Oh my god. That's the scabious fact I've ever heard.
 But it's apparently a really good tent. It's a really cool tent in the summer and a really hot
 tent in the winter. Perfect. Because the yak hair blocks the wind and the snow. But in the summer,
 the fabric expands, makes it waterproof when it's wet and allows ventilation when it's dry.
 It's like the perfect thing to make your house out of if you haven't decided that you want to live
 in a whottled doghouse or a cave or whatever we decided in that recent show. Then you can get yourself
 a yak hair tent. Do you know that when you're walking in Tibet, there is a thing called the mountain
 side rule. And that means that if a yak comes past you in the other direction, you always stand next
 to the mountain as opposed to next to the massive vertical drop. Okay. Because it pushes you off.
 In case it pushes you off. Now you might say, well, that makes just common sense that you would do
 that. But the reason that you're supposed to do it is because the guides will tell you at least
 that yaks are vindictive bastards and that they'll deliberately knock you off the cliff.
 If they ever get the chance. Wow. Right. Here we were thinking they worship these creatures.
 I think probably they just say that to get the tourists to be safe. Yeah. It does make sense.
 It makes so much more sense than saying stand up very much. And if they fall off, they'll probably
 survive because the amount of amazing wool on the side. Like push a yack off a bunk bed. It's fine.
 That dude's doing fine. I was reading a bit about the laws of Tibetan hunting because hunting
 yack is a big thing, you know, an eating yack, obviously. And these are sort of historic laws, but they're
 really interesting and they're very stripped. So the share of yack that you get when you kill it
 was really dictated. So you'd have the strangers share, for instance, in a lot of Tibetan groups.
 And that meant that if you killed the yack and you were entitled to some of it and then your tribe
 was entitled to some of it, if some strangers came over the hill at that moment, not involved in
 the hunt at all, the rules were that you had to a lot of strangers share and that had to be the most
 generous. Wow. You've got to give the good bits away. That's exactly how I would live my life if I
 was there hiding, sneaking around, waiting till one was done, popping your way. Hey, Ryan, what's?
 That's not the best one. No, no, no, no. Yeah, maybe that testicle. I can see it.
 You dig it. You're either Columbus of Tibet in your fictional life.
 They also had a randomized sharing thing where if you're in a group, so let's say you're in a hunter
 group of eight, you kill a yack, you have to divide it into eight piles and then everyone has a
 pile that they guard. One person walks away from the circle. It's kind of like wink murder or
 something. You know, when you select the person who's going to be the murderer, like the traitors.
 Oh, yes, it's like the traitors. There's something that's on TV right now.
 This is Tibetan traitors. There you go for people who watch TV.
 Which one happens? So you stand in the circle. You are each in front of one big pile of meat
 and then to make a fair who gets which pile. One person walks away from the circle, closes their eyes.
 All the other people number themselves. One to eight, one to seven, but then the person who closes
 their eyes comes back and they say which pile of meat is number one. Brilliant. And they don't know
 what number they are, either. They don't know what number they are. And so then the number one has to
 go around to that pile and everyone rotates accordingly. So you end up in front of a pile of meat
 that you could never have guessed. You can't be honest. That's not really like traitors.
 Tell your winkleman to just kill the yack.
 Okay, that's it. That is all of our facts. Thank you very much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said over the course
 of this show, we're all online. I'm on @Streiberland on Instagram, James.
 I know, so send us James Harkin on Instagram. Andy at Andrew Hunter M. Yep, but if you want to
 get to us as a group, where do they go, Anna? You can go to Instagram to @noseupthing or email podcast@QI.com.
 Yeah, that's right. And if you do email podcast@QI.com, you can send us two things that will actually be
 used on future episodes. So if you send in any bonus information, if you want to correct anything
 that we've said, if you've had an experience you think we should know about to do with the things
 we've spoken about, send it in and Andy will pick them out and bring them to drop us a line, which
 is our bonus secret show, secret as in you can only get access to it. If you're a member of Club
 Fish and that's on Patreon. So go to patreon.com/clubfish and you can get access to that as well as
 Excel episodes and there's a bunch of other stuff there. Or if you send us an interesting fact,
 Andy will pick that out and bring it to our bonus Monday show, which is called Little Fish.
 And Little Fish is where we put down our facts and we just read out the best of yours. We love
 doing that. So do send your stuff in or check out no such thing as a fish.com because we do have live
 gigs occasionally that pop up on there. We go all our previous episodes. That's the hub to go to.
 Okay, that's it. Thank you very much for listening. Thank you as ever to Lee and Ethan,
 Ruperelia as well as the larger Fish Buster team and we're going to be back again next week. We'll see you
 then. Good bye.
 [Music]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
