 [MUSIC]
 Hello, and welcome to another episode of No Such Things A Fish coming to you from the
 QI offices in Covent Garden.
 My name's Anna Doshinsky, and I'm here with Alex Bell, James Harkin, and Andrew Hunter
 Murray.
 What's again, we've gathered around the microphones with our four favourite facts from
 the last seven days, and in no particular order, here we go, James Harkin.
 Okay, my fact this week is that in 1683, some people were ice skating in the Netherlands
 when the ice broke away and they floated all the way to Essex.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Well, it didn't happen.
 No way.
 Well, it happened according to some people.
 So, this is from a book called The Thames and Its Tribute Trees by Charles McCoy.
 It's an old book, and he says it's reported that this happened.
 He says that some skate sliders upon those large icy plains were unawares driven to sea
 and arrived living, though almost perished with cold and hunger upon the sea coast of Essex.
 Okay, and you know what?
 I don't really believe it, but it is a kind of thing that happened, and it's kind of related
 to the mini ice age that happened in the 17th century when it got really, really cold.
 And basically, the sea was freezing and all the rivers were freezing, and they had these
 frostfares in London.
 And there was lots of crazy stuff that happened, whether this happened, I don't really know,
 but...
 I believe it.
 Yeah.
 Because I don't want to.
 Did they put a sail-up?
 Yeah, how big was the ice shelf?
 Well, that one sentence that I said is the sum total of all the information I have about
 this fact.
 Did they accidentally cut the raft off with their skates?
 Well, what used to happen is people would have these fairs on the rivers, and then they
 would try and keep them going as long as possible, because they were so much fun.
 But then, as the kind of ice got less and less and less, it would break up into icebergs
 and then people would get stuck on these little ice flows.
 And that definitely did happen.
 Yeah.
 They also tried to keep them going, because they were quite economically important.
 So the London-Temps frostfares happened partly because, when the temps freezes over, all
 the trade from the sea has to stop.
 And like, on one occasion, I think, was two months at the temps froze over.
 So...
 Wow.
 That all the people that are usually working on the docks and stuff like that had nothing to
 do.
 They had no income, all of a sudden.
 It was all very much as well.
 And they were really cheeky.
 So what they did, they would guard the access to the river, basically, because there are
 ladders and slipways, it's not just a case of walking straight out onto the river.
 And they would charge you two or three pennies to climb down the ladder and get onto the
 river.
 And then they would charge you another penny to leave.
 Even if you left up the same ladder.
 Even if you left up the same ladder.
 Really?
 And you can't talk to the ticket inspector in the office and ask if you can get a refund
 on the register card.
 There's no office.
 There's no register card.
 There's no...
 I don't know about the incentive programmes they had to come and use the same ladder again.
 What happens, though, if you spend your last penny on a bit of, you know, candy floss
 or something, and then how do you get...
 You have to stay on the river.
 Or you float off to the Netherlands.
 They must have been so exciting, though, the Thames River Fairs.
 And partly because there weren't that many of them.
 So this little ice age, I think you were saying, was in the 1700s, but it sort of spanned
 from the 13th century to the 19th and reached its peak then.
 And there were only five Thames Frost Fairs, I thought, in that period, where properly the
 Thames froze over and all industry moved onto the Thames.
 So it must have been so thrilling when it happened.
 Yeah.
 You know, an elephant walked across, didn't it, in the 18...
 I remember that.
 1814, yeah.
 The last one, yeah.
 But what happened was the elephant walked across the river right next to Black Fry's Bridge,
 which seems unnecessarily dangerous, doesn't it?
 When you've got a bridge, you've got to use that bridge, then it will slap in the face
 of the bridge.
 They are kind of dangerous, because there was a bloke who, because a few people died falling
 through the ice.
 Like, really, really few compared with the number of people there.
 But one of them was a plumber who was carrying a load of lead across the river on the ice.
 And he, you know, clearly got to a weak bit of ice and fell it.
 But apparently, if that happened, a load of people and tents would just get dragged into
 a hole, which just sounds terrifying.
 That happened on a couple of occasions, like a huge chunk of ice and tents, and people
 would disappear.
 Oh.
 There was one time when the ice broke up, and there were things attached to a local building,
 and then the ice broke up and kind of drifted away and pulled this building down.
 Oh, yeah.
 I think it was a pub, wasn't it?
 And it was when a ship had been anchored to a pub near Rotherhise, and they just tied
 it around the beam of the pub, and then it dragged the pub down with it when the ice
 broke up.
 Like, when you take your dog to a pub and leave it outside and tie it up.
 It's the world's strongest dog.
 Clifford.
 Yeah, they put a cable around the beam in the middle of the pub, and then they put an anchor
 in the cellar of the pub to keep it there attached to the ship.
 I mean, you're just asking for the pub to be ripped out of its mooring kind of, yeah.
 Five people died, though.
 Apparently, the highlight in 1814 was they roasted an entire ox on the ice, and this guy
 called Ivan Day has replicated that and says it takes 24 hours to spit roast an ox and it
 would feed 800 people.
 It's also interesting that you could like fires.
 Apparently, a lot of the tents, like the shoemakers tents and things had fires in them to
 keep the people inside warm, and that worked somehow and didn't melt the ice, because it
 was really thick.
 They also had a lot of souvenirs, which you could get, right?
 But basically, they just had tat and books and toys and things that had been made in
 London, and they just took them onto the ice, put a label on them saying, sold on the
 icy Thames and then sold them for three times as much.
 I'd buy it.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 Well, there was one book that was made in the Frostfare, it was called Frostiana, or a history
 of the River Thames in a frozen state, and the entire book was typeset and printed at
 a printing stall, which had been set up on the Thames.
 That is very cool.
 I haven't heard of any other book, which was printed at the place that it's about and the
 sold there as well.
 Do you know they had ice brothels today?
 Yeah.
 Sounds very uncomfortable.
 There were sex tents on the ice.
 Nice.
 I know.
 I think it's kind of one woman, the heat of her buttocks made such a great thought.
 She had leaf to drown the man of the law.
 So...
 I know.
 As I really said, it's probably not going to happen anymore.
 I mean, obviously, it hasn't happened for 200 years, but the reason it happened in the
 first place was that it happened near the Old London Bridge, right, and that had loads
 and loads and loads of arches.
 So it was really annoying for River Traffic because the arches meant you couldn't get
 big ships through there, and as a result, that slowed the flow of the water down and it
 meant that it was froze over much more easily.
 It actually sped the flow of the water up.
 What slowed the flow of the water down was that the Thames was much wider and shallower
 then because it hadn't been embanked.
 There was no embankment.
 So what the Old London Bridge did was the arches were much narrower, which meant that it
 was much easier for a block of ice that was flossing in to get stuck and sort of form
 the beginning of a dam which ice could then form across it.
 I reckon that we have the technology now to freeze the Thames if we wanted to.
 I was going to say, we're really cool if we did it again by just injecting...
 Probably.
 Yeah, I probably cost quite a bit, but Citi can, come on.
 I don't know if that one penny entrance and exit fee is going to pay for the technology
 of freezing the entire Thames.
 They used to play spots while it froze over on the Thames.
 They played football, for instance.
 They also played donkey racing, nine pin bowling, throwing at Cox.
 All right, sorry.
 Just go back because I read about the nine pin bowling and I want to know when they added
 the extra penny.
 But I like the way that I went nine pin bowling and throwing at Cox and it was nine
 pin bowling but you had a problem in.
 My understanding of nine pin bowling and ten pin bowling and this is going off really
 old knowledge is that they ban nine pin bowling for gambling and then they kind of put in
 an extra pin to try and get around the law.
 I see.
 Very clever.
 Yeah.
 Throwing at Cox actually sounds like it's the same as nine pin bowling really, doesn't it?
 It does, but with Cox instead of pins.
 Yeah, it's like an upgrade.
 Like the two.
 That's pretty much what it is apart from, so you get a chicken and you throw stuff at
 it.
 That's kind of how it happened.
 Nice.
 It was also shooting at Pricks.
 What's that?
 Yeah, it's not the same as throwing at Cox.
 It's kind of shooting at Pricks is an old name for a kind of archery, apparently.
 Wow.
 What was the Prick?
 I would imagine it must be the sharp bit at the end of your arrow.
 I would have thought that as well, but you don't shoot at that, do you?
 You're right.
 Are they throwing the board towards the arrow?
 No.
 It's an old word for a small indentation or something, so it's like a needle prick.
 So that's what you were aiming for, the little indentation was good.
 In 1540, the word Prick was a term of endearment for a man.
 So instead of darling or sweetheart, you would say my Prick.
 Is that because of the penis thing?
 Because the Prick, I'm sure, has meant penis for quite a long time.
 Yeah, I think it has.
 I think it's Shakespeareanish, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 So you say what's a cock?
 I do say cock.
 You say that all the time.
 And all the time.
 The cock is saying it to me.
 Well, in the 1960s, a spare Prick at a wedding was a bit of British slang for someone who is
 embarrassingly out of place in a particular situation.
 OK.
 I think that's worth putting it back.
 But not somebody with their cock out.
 That would be, I mean, that would work as well, isn't it?
 You wouldn't be out of place like that, and that's standard for a wedding, isn't it?
 We have just been to Dan's wedding, and I don't remember much of that going out
 on.
 Well, you were in the wrong room.
 Was that your room?
 Yeah.
 So Russia was quite used to these kind of things.
 It wasn't as exciting there.
 They were accustomed to their rivers freezing over and having big fairs and stuff on them.
 Still are.
 Still are.
 I've skied on the Moscow River.
 Have you?
 Well, I went to St. Petersburg.
 I saw a wedding actually happening on the frozen episode, too.
 It was amazing.
 It's been quite hard to stand up.
 Go down the aisle.
 Everyone's sliding around.
 Or to see the bride.
 Yeah.
 Well, that's...
 She's floated off the bit more.
 And I've accidentally married a snowman.
 OK, moving on to fact number two, and that is from Alex Bell.
 My fact this week is that former Argentinian president Carlos Menem had such a reputation for
 bad luck that people would touch their left breast or testicle while shaking his hand.
 I find the wild shaking his hand a bit pretty insulting.
 I think they used the other hand.
 I understand, but it's fairly obvious what you're doing if your hand slides into your
 pocket as your shaking hands with the former president of your country.
 Yeah, absolutely.
 This guy is extraordinary.
 Yeah.
 We should call him the unnamable, because it's bad luck to say his name.
 So he's like Voldemort in many ways.
 Yeah.
 People instead say things like Mendes or Menen, where with Voldemort, you don't just say
 Voldemort.
 Yeah, that's true.
 Yeah.
 So he's supposedly not allowed to attend football matches, Argentina team football matches,
 because in 1990 in the World Cup, he visited when they were playing.
 And he approached the goalkeeper, Pumpido, to shake hands.
 And this was ages ago.
 So clearly the myth was established, even then, that he was cursed.
 The goalie refused to shake his hand because of the curse.
 He's just sort of put his hands up and said, "No, you're not going to, no."
 So then Menen laughed and he gave him a pass on the knee.
 And in the match that followed, A, Argentina lost and B, the goalkeeper fractured his knee.
 How do you pass on one's knee at such a stretch to get down there?
 He was probably aiming for the left testicle.
 Do you know that witchcraft is explicitly banned in Malawi?
 I think it is.
 In football.
 Is it?
 Yeah.
 As in, it's in their rules that you're not allowed to.
 Really?
 I don't think it's explicitly illegal in British football.
 But I did write to a referee about this to find out what the truth is.
 He hasn't replied weirdly enough.
 But I reckon that it would be unjentimally conduct, a yellow card and an indirect free kick.
 I don't think that matters, though, if you've just turned stoken to pigs.
 Yeah.
 Football is full of these superstitions, though.
 It's all, you do something once, you win a match and then you have to do it every time.
 Yeah.
 It's like scoring goals.
 Well, there's it.
 So there was a...
 Another Argentina guy, Carlos Bilado.
 In the quarterfinals, the goalie had to pee on the pitch because they were about to have
 a penalty shootout and there wasn't time for him to get back to the dressing room and
 have a pee there.
 So his teammates all surrounded him and they had a pee on the pitch.
 And then he blocked two shots and Argentina ended up going through.
 So the next match, every time there was a free kick and they made a wall, he peed against
 them.
 Next match, Bilado, made him pee on the pitch again because he thought it would be lucky.
 Right.
 Did it work?
 It did not work.
 They did not win the next match.
 It's going to be under pressure, aren't you?
 Like with, you know, 60,000 people watching it.
 So, yeah, back to menum and the reasons that people think he's bad luck.
 I like the fact that he shook the hand of the World Powerboat Racing Champion who was called
 Daniel Skioli in 1989 and immediately Skioli's boat crashed and he lost his arm.
 But then Skioli became an MP for Mr. Menum's party.
 Michael Schumacher, I think, he shook his hand and then Michael Schumacher was immediately
 shunted.
 Yeah, but then he narrowly won the next race.
 And if that's the curse of men, is that you win by slightly less than you're normally
 accustomed to.
 There's not much for curse.
 Yeah.
 He's also known as the father of the Debra State in 2001, Eacon and Wicca Laps, which is
 a pretty...
 That is bad.
 Heavy title to be taking.
 If you want to be the father of anything, it's not that.
 Yeah.
 Menum did become famous for his womanizing as well.
 So, he married a former Miss Universe when he was about 73 and a re-lock for her.
 A re-lock for her.
 A re-lock for her.
 I like this is confusing.
 So, there was an article listing all of his bad lucks and it ended on this.
 So, it went through all these people that he's cursed.
 It ended by saying, "The night before the 2000 US presidential elections, the unnamable,
 as in Menum, is said to have called his good friend George W. Bush to wish him good luck.
 Need I say more?"
 I mean, George was won that election.
 And actually, he's won that election despite losing that election.
 So, it's incredibly good luck.
 My favourite thing about him is that his surname is a palindrome.
 That's pretty much all I like about him.
 Which means he has something in common with ex-cambodian president Lon Null, who, as far as
 I can tell, is the only head of state ever to be a complete palindrome.
 Really?
 That's really good.
 Do you think they meet?
 Well, they have a little club.
 Yeah.
 One in the middle, somewhere in Panama.
 In Panama.
 Yes.
 In a canal in Panama, in a man in a canal in Panama.
 In his election campaign, one of the ways he won is that he swore he'd throw the Brits
 out of the Falklands.
 And then as soon as he did when he started really trying to ingratiate himself with
 Britain, to the extent that he angled desperately, according to the Guardian, for an invitation to
 Buckingham Palace.
 So many times did he announce that he had been invited to London, that the foreign office
 eventually had to let him come.
 Which, I didn't know you could do that.
 If you just announced repeatedly that the Queen's invited you to Buckingham Palace, she's
 eventually forced her to let you through the door.
 No, you weren't for any party.
 I'm coming tonight.
 I'm really looking forward to coming tonight.
 It's going to be great.
 I'm going to come into this party.
 I think that would work.
 Yeah.
 Do you think it would?
 Well, you're playing by a rule that other people don't recognise, or rather, you're
 not playing by a rule that other people do recognise.
 Yes.
 So if you just say, I am invited to this party, people will be embarrassed, even though it's
 nothing to do with them.
 It's all you embarrassing yourself, that the embarrassment will reflect on them.
 I'll be forced to.
 I'll be fine.
 Yeah, fine, whatever.
 It doesn't affect my life so much if they come to my party.
 Yeah.
 And I don't want to look like a rude idiot.
 Yeah.
 Weirdly, I did get a letter from the Queen yesterday asking if I wanted to attend her
 private reception next week, isn't it?
 I found a really questionable list on Quora.
 I think it was of some other superstitions in a discussion, by some other way.
 I like the way you said the word Quora in a real undertone in the hope that people might
 miss that.
 That is awesome.
 Yeah.
 My favourite ones were apparently it's bad luck to leave your purse lying open on the floor
 because that means that you'll lose money, obviously, somehow related.
 Also, if you eat watermelon with a glass of red wine, you will die.
 And apparently loads of Argentinians just like that's just a proper wise tell that people
 don't do that.
 You will die.
 I've heard things like that not just in Argentina because it used to be, I think, that you
 would have foods that were very hot foods and foods that were very cold foods.
 And even if they weren't necessarily hot or cold, they were felt that that's the effect
 they would have on your body.
 And the watermelon would be particularly cold and icy, whereas the wine would warm you
 up.
 And it would think that the two opposites would kind of clash, and it's Friday the 13th
 day, which is one reason we might be talking about superstitions.
 And there's a vet in Australia that has a promotion for Friday the 13th, where it's discounting
 its neutering for black cats.
 Oh.
 So we've got a black cat.
 I could fly to Australia and save loads of money getting it new to it.
 It's the aim so that there are fewer black cats because some people think they're bad luck.
 I think they're good luck.
 It depends which way they cross the road.
 If they cross from left to right it's one, if they cross from right to left the other.
 But is it different in the UK and the rest of Europe?
 That's a really good point.
 And also which way you're going on the road as well?
 No.
 You're coming towards the cat.
 So if it crosses from your left to your right, it's one.
 It's relative to you.
 Whereas someone walking the other way will experience opposite luck based on the movement
 of the cat.
 Right.
 You know left and right is always relative.
 Yeah.
 That's the thing about it.
 That is the interesting thing that it's impossible or there's not very many ways to explain
 to an alien, say, which is left and which is right if you don't have a similar field
 of reference.
 Yeah.
 I'd have more important things to talk about.
 All right.
 Yeah.
 I bet you'd freeze up.
 If it actually came to it.
 Yeah.
 I'd be very nervous.
 I don't know a good bit of new people.
 You've got your whole new species there.
 So I'm really looking forward to coming to your planet.
 Yeah.
 You've said that live time.
 Okay.
 We should move on to fact number three and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that Isambar Kingdom Bruno once spent six weeks with a coin stuck in
 his windpipe as a result of a magic trick that backfired.
 He did indeed.
 He did indeed.
 Yeah.
 So I've found this.
 I was, for some reason, I was looking him up in the British newspaper archive.
 It's a bit bored.
 And I found a no-bittery for him from 1862 and it said the closest he came to death was
 when he was trying to impress his children in 1843.
 Thank you.
 The closest he came to death was one second before he died.
 The second closest he came to death, I'm sure they issued a correction the next day.
 He was trying to impress his children by doing a magic trick where he swallowed a half
 sovereign coin and then brought it out of his ear but instead the sovereign landed in
 his windpipe.
 So what happened?
 So what happened was he had chest pains for a while and quite bad coughing and he, because
 he's an engineer, as we know, possibly the most important thing he ever designed was a
 contraption in order to extract it.
 And I couldn't find any diagrams of it but apparently it was a movable platform with hinges
 on it which I think he strapped his body to and it bent his body over an 80 degree angle
 and then he was repeatedly struck on the back and the idea was that this would dislodge
 the coin.
 So he tried this out and it almost killed him one time so they didn't do that again.
 And then he took six weeks having various doctors fiddle about with him.
 All of them tried to get four steps in there and pull it out but he nearly died again.
 And then eventually he went back to the contraption but this time with an incision caught in his
 throat and he bent himself over on this contraption he designed and there was a incision on his
 throat which was, you know, when you have like a tracheotomy it was allowing him to breathe
 and so he then managed to choke the coin up and as it was rising up through his windpipe
 he was still able to breathe because the incision was there and his throat.
 And he coughed it up and he actually did say that the moment when he heard the gold
 piece strike against his upper front teeth was perhaps the most exquisite moment of his
 whole life.
 Wow.
 It was a really famous thing throughout the country.
 The isn't working through Brunelle Cointhick, everyone knew about it because he was very famous
 at the time.
 Yeah.
 So for example, there's a famous Victorian historian called Thomas Babbington McCauley.
 When he read the good news, supposedly he ran along the street yelling, "It's out, it's
 out!"
 And everybody knew what he was talking about because he was talking about the coin.
 It's an incredible story.
 It is so ingenious the way he got himself out of it.
 Yeah, and crazy that he got himself out of it and that, you know, all these dogs has tried
 and then he just built a machine.
 Yeah.
 Is he clever for getting himself out or is he stupid for getting himself into it?
 I'd say a bit of both.
 Technically he got itself out of him.
 That's true.
 Yeah.
 But yeah, I was actually looking him up because I visited recently the Brunelle Museum in
 Brother Heith, which if you are passing, it's really cool.
 It's absolutely tiny and it's the Mark Brunelle Museum.
 So it's about the Thames Tunnel, which is the first ever tunnel that was built under a river.
 And it was designed by Mark Brunelle and Isne Barbrunelle, his son helped him out.
 And it's a really cool place.
 Go there.
 It's an amazing story.
 It was like an unbelievable feat of engineering.
 And that's why he came third closest to dying as well.
 I got an extra act of the description of the conditions that the workers put up with
 that.
 They were showered in raw sewage and dodged flames from ignited methane gas whenever they
 worked.
 It was the worst job in the world.
 They only worked for our shifts because they collapsed after four hours and then would
 be replaced by men who were still breathing and then they would work for four hours and
 they'll be replaced by another shift.
 And they were constant.
 There were five floods, I think, one of which Brunelle was down there and nearly died.
 And it's just insane that they carried on.
 Why did they have showers of raw sewage?
 I think because there's constant leaking on the Thames, the service was coming in a lot.
 Disgusting, man.
 But you know when it froze up, would it just be like frozen turds everywhere?
 That's what it did, right?
 Bumpy skate ring.
 Yeah.
 I guess you have snow on top as well.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So he brought a lot of this on himself in the tunnel.
 So he nearly drowned three times, right?
 He fell into a water tank once.
 But the fact it happened anyway.
 Exactly.
 So that's not so bad.
 But then there was a time where he was with a party of influential visitors in a rowing
 boat and he was trying to freak them out by rocking it from side to side.
 And nearly drowned.
 And it was the third time, the most deadly time, which we've just talked about, was because
 he was told you shouldn't dig through there.
 That's soft mud.
 That'll bring the river in.
 And he said, now it's fine.
 Don't worry about it.
 And he dug through that bit.
 River came in.
 Sealing collapsed.
 And he was pulled to safety.
 But six members of the evacuation crew died.
 Just quickly on the tunnel, something else you should look up is the painting that's been
 done of the banquet that they had inside it.
 So one time when it flooded to celebrate the fact that everyone hadn't died and it was still
 going, they held this enormous banquet and they invited all of high society there.
 That's asking for trouble.
 I was like, everyone almost died.
 What should we do?
 Let's get all of society back in the tunnel.
 Apart from everything else, you're basically asking for the riddler to attack.
 Well, it looks very exciting.
 Nobody died.
 So Christ is aversed.
 No, and it looks amazing.
 And they used to have stalls.
 So what did happen in the tunnel was they had lots of little market stalls running all
 the way through it.
 And it was a tourist attraction.
 It was much like the icefers and people would have to pay a few pennies to go into the tunnel.
 And they'd walk through it.
 I'm going to see the death tunnel of death.
 He also built an atmospheric railway, i.e. a vacuum railway, pumped along by pressure.
 And can we refer to it as the atmospheric caper, which is what they called it?
 It's the best name in the world.
 That's so cool.
 It didn't really work, unfortunately.
 So basically, it would be huge pipelines pumping out air to create a vacuum to push the
 train along with atmospheric pressure. But it's such a cool steam-punky reason it failed.
 The technology needed the air pipes to be sealed with leather flaps, right?
 They needed to be kept supple and moist.
 So they needed tallow kind of fat to be sort of smeared on them, right?
 Unfortunately, rats like eating tallow.
 So they ate a load of the flaps and stopped the system from working.
 So yeah, the system, the design was perfect.
 It was just the time when it was made.
 And it did work for seven months.
 It worked, successfully carrying people from Exeter to Plymouth, I think.
 And there is a pub now in a place called Starcross called The Atmospheric Railway,
 which sounds all modern, but it was from the mid-19th century.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 You'd be expecting a really atmospheric pub.
 I was going to say three days inside, really ironically.
 We should say the good thing about the atmospheric railway, the reason he made it, is
 because you don't need to carry your fuel with you, because there would be fuel planted along
 the way, so that the way that the vacuum was created was through piston action and every
 three miles, the pistons were fueled by steam, by little steam sheds.
 And so you didn't need to have all this heavy fuel that you carried with you on your train.
 So it would be efficient, but then we found electricity and we didn't need any more.
 So Mark Brunel, great engineer, isn't barking the Brunel, great engineer.
 So it's gone through the family.
 And there is another direct descendant of Brunel called Moorwenna Wilson, who made a craft
 made entirely out of folded paper and managed to sail it on some water.
 Great engineer.
 Great engineer, right?
 It's amazing.
 It's completely made out of paper, apart from the keel, which is made out of wood and polystyrene.
 And the keel, I mean, what even is a keel?
 It can't be that important, right?
 That's pretty cool though.
 Yeah, no, it's good.
 That's awesome.
 So much people, two pennies, to get in it and sail it across the river.
 And then does she rock it from the side of the river?
 That's really tarnished, my view of it's working to Brunel, I think it was an absolute child.
 Well, he was a bit of a slave driver.
 Like, a lot of people died on the huge tunnel he built on the Great Western Railway.
 Box tunnel, yeah.
 Box tunnel, that's right.
 Yeah, it's supposedly about a hundred people died in the day of that.
 And he supposedly did it so that the sun shines down it on his birthday.
 I read that that's a myth though.
 Well, did you?
 Worked it out and we think it's pretty much not far away from being true.
 Oh, really?
 Whether he did it on purpose or not.
 We actually asked the railway company if we could go and check it out.
 And they said, no, there's high speed trades going through.
 Cool, one thing we asked you not to do is dress us on our railways.
 Yeah.
 So they wouldn't let us.
 But we reckon that at least it should pretty much work.
 Do you know one thing he did do in the box tunnel, speaking of high speed trains, is he used
 to quite like driving the steam train sometimes.
 And he was driving through the box tunnel once next to the driver and he was the one who
 was driving the train.
 And he suddenly saw a big obstacle in front of him to like to break and avoid it.
 And so James Bond put his foot down, like went full steam ahead and just blasted straight
 through it.
 That's what happened to our researcher.
 And it turned out that it was a carriage from another train that had accidentally fallen
 off the train and left on the track and he just blasted it into smithereens.
 Wow.
 Planned right through it.
 And action man, all of his work actually came from the time when he nearly drowned in
 the temps because he went to Converless for ages and Ages in Clifton near Bristol.
 And that's where he got hired for a load of jobs because he was thinking and writing and
 designing all the time he was converlessing.
 And at Clifton, so they had the two towers of the bridge.
 They didn't have the main body of the bridge, but they did have an inch and a half thick metal
 wire rope going across the gorge by the time while he was still alive.
 And he went across in a wicker basket on a pulley and it jammed while they were halfway
 across.
 And if you started rocking it, if you've seen the Clifton gorge, you know that is terrifying
 because it is so high at instant death if you fell.
 And he looked up, took off his hat, climbed up to the pulley, unjammed it and they continued
 along the way.
 Oh, that's the fourth closest he came to the bridge.
 Only the foundations of the Clifton suspension bridge were invented not by him, but by a lady
 called Sarah Guppey, who gave the plans to Brunel for free because she believed that women
 must not be boastful.
 Wow.
 Yeah, there's someone's written a book basically saying that Brunel was not nearly as good
 as we all think and he didn't design the Clifton suspension bridge.
 Hardly any of it was related to his original design even by the time that's fully made.
 I think it was pretty good.
 Well, read the book, Andy.
 I certainly haven't, but I read an article about it.
 Okay, we should move on to fact number four and that is Andy's fact.
 Yes, my fact is that to deal with violent or drunk people, Japanese police carry massive
 futons and roll the offender up in them to calm them down.
 This is fantastic.
 They genuinely, they turn criminals into burritos.
 And would that calm you down, do you think?
 I think it would.
 If you're rendered completely immobile and you're just sort of in your comfy foot on, I would,
 yeah, I'd calm down.
 Yeah, like when you put a bag over a horse's head and it stops.
 Yeah.
 Stop doing that, Alex.
 So this is from a podcast which is called My Perfect Country.
 Each episode is about a country that is doing something right in a particular aspect of
 law or society or whatever it is and you're doing it perfectly.
 So for example, this is about very low crime and particularly gun crime in Japan.
 It's almost impossible to get a gun in Japan.
 You have to do exams.
 You have to score more than 95% on a rifle range test.
 What, so if you do get a gun at least we know you'll be incredibly accurate.
 Yeah, there's no attempt to murder charges ever.
 Yeah.
 So that's what they should do.
 If you get less than 5% in the rifle range, they should give you help yourself.
 Yeah, and as a result there were six occasions last year when the Japanese police fired their
 guns in total and in 2014 there were six gun deaths.
 I mean, they just, they just don't really have them.
 That's good.
 We do have very similar stance with police people firing guns.
 Yeah, so anyway, this is about Japanese policing methods and how they roll people up.
 Yeah.
 It's from the sushi tradition basically.
 Is it?
 I think someone looks at some sushi and thought, wait a second, why don't we carry massive
 bits of seaweed around with us?
 What if that bit of cucumber was a violent offender?
 Yeah, I think it would be quite awkward as a police officer if for this very occasional
 time when you get a violent offender because like you say there's not many guns, but you
 always have to carry a massive food ton of that with you.
 They are slightly smaller in Japan, aren't they?
 So foodtons are a big thing in Japan.
 A lot of people sleep on foodtons and they're not like, I imagine, which is kind of a
 proper sofa that turns into a bed kind of thing.
 I'll know.
 Yeah, they're not - sorry, they're more like juvets than mattresses, aren't they?
 Basically.
 Kind of.
 It's a pretty supportive.
 It's a thin mattress that you sleep on, but do you know what else gets a food ton in
 Japan if you want it?
 Is your wallet?
 Yeah.
 So there's a food ton company.
 Yep.
 It's a food ton company called Naka Tagawa Foodtons, and they've started making sci-foodtons,
 which means wallet food ton, and it's made of high quality cotton.
 It includes a little cover, like a duvet cover for your wallet, and it includes a pillow
 for the head of your wallet, whichever end of your wallet is the head.
 It says it's been blessed from priests at Ashrine in Tokyo, and if you want to go more expensive,
 you can order a little bed that comes with it.
 I'm going to go out on the limb and say this company is not going to last very long.
 Do you see the amount they charge for these foodtons?
 Yeah.
 They cost about 115 quid, give or take for a food ton.
 For the food ton and bed is 340.
 So then you've got nothing to put in your wallet?
 Oh no, it's hilarious.
 They aren't beautiful, they look them up.
 I mean, I'd be tempted, but then I'm a sucker for this stuff like that.
 Have you heard of the Boroboroton?
 No, no.
 This is a legend, which is like an evil spirit described as a tattered food ton that comes
 to life at night.
 And it's basically part of a group of these kind of demons, these spirits called Sukumogami.
 They're basically household objects that either they're possessed by spirits or ghosts, or if
 you use them constantly for 90 to 100 years, they eventually become sentient and they will
 be fine and they'll just kind of behave like normal household objects unless they're feeling
 ignored or needless in which case they will come to life and try to strangle their owners
 and they'll float around to the house, or they will throw noisy parties with other members
 of this.
 So you'll get all your household objects having a party and then trying to kill you.
 But how do you stop a violence offender food ton?
 Back it up with a drunk person.
 So the police in North Wales a few years ago, this is in 2010, they hired a troop of actors
 to pretend to be drunk.
 Did they?
 It was to do a sting on a load of pubs in North Wales.
 They had about 50 pubs in order to check and see if they'd serve people who were obviously
 inebriated.
 So they hired a troop of actors to dress up as drunk and they gave them all the clothes
 and costumes as well, like they gave them shabby jackets, he trousers and shoes and they said
 go in.
 Pretend to be absolutely blind drunk and see if you can get served.
 Wow.
 But then you couldn't prosecute anyone because they're not drunk.
 I don't know, I imagine you could arrest on those grounds.
 And you don't think so?
 No.
 I mean either of us has tried it.
 Well I like this place.
 There used to be a landlord.
 There used to be a landlord for a pub.
 I had a personal landlord's license, yeah.
 What is that like having a drinks cabinet?
 Is that just in your house.
 No, I'm not.
 The personal landlord's because I've got one of those.
 That means I could go to any pub and be officially by law, the landlord of that pub.
 So about 15 years ago they changed the law.
 It used to be that the building had the license, but then they changed it so that the landlord
 had the license.
 The reason they did it I think is because they had a lot of chain pubs and stuff like that.
 And I used to be an accountant for a pub company and I did my personal license.
 And so it meant that if there were like landlords on holiday I could go and work in the pub
 as the landlord.
 In fact I wouldn't even have to work, I could just be sat there while other people doing
 all the job, but I'd be kind of the one responsible.
 Wow.
 You can say, yeah, you can leave your ship outside, yeah, put the cable down here, that's fine.
 That's good to know.
 We should use that.
 I'm not anymore.
 It's slapsed.
 I mean it lapsed 15, 20 years ago.
 It lapsed.
 You're a pointless friend to us then.
 They have for drunk people on the streets of the UK.
 They've trialed drunk tax.
 What?
 They don't have drunk people on the streets of the UK.
 They're all acting.
 It's always my life.
 It's the Amdram capital of the world.
 No, they have drunk tanks now and the idea is that you get people out of A&E and you stop
 clogging up ambulances with drunk people and they've trialed this in Bristol and I think
 they've trialed it in other places as well and in 2014 for instance over one weekend it
 kept 15 people out of hospital because what they do is they had a mobile drunk tank which
 is just a lorry which if someone's really drunk and thinks they're really ill and collapses
 you shove them in the lorry and then let them have a nap.
 That sounds like a party.
 I mean I would get drunk and then be putting in a lorry.
 That sounds brilliant.
 I think these people might have gone past the fun part of drunk.
 Oh that is going to be the most, it's going to be full of vomit and piss isn't it?
 It's going to stink yeah.
 Oh my god.
 Do you reckon they have futons in there?
 I don't think so.
 Everyone's all up in a futon.
 Actually they are just big futons made of metal then it's the same principle.
 Yes.
 I mean you can say anything's a futon made of something else, can't you?
 This building is a futon made of bricks.
 Excuse me, I've got a complaint about this sandwich.
 It's just a futon made of bread and cheese.
 You know you can buy speaking of bread and futon.
 You can buy a towel which is deliberately created in the likeness of a flour tortilla so
 you can wrap yourself up like a burrito.
 That's really good.
 Yeah.
 And sexy too.
 It's it.
 Oh yeah.
 People who invented this, they're a collective called ampersand friends.
 And friends or something.
 They told the Huffington Post that they were inspired by the fantasy of being a human burrito.
 Wow.
 We weird if they said that we were inspired by the collective works of Shakespeare.
 It makes sense.
 You are right.
 Of course.
 Odd reading of Hamlet.
 Actually there is a guy who's addicted to being rolled up in carpets.
 Is that?
 Yeah.
 Maybe he's part of this collective.
 I think he might be the inspiration for it.
 He's a guy called George OT.
 He didn't want to be known by his full name.
 He's in New York and he loves rolling himself up in a carpet and having people trample on
 him.
 It's charming.
 That's most charming it isn't ever heard of rolling up so much.
 It is quite sweet and now he hides himself out to parties and rolls up in a carpet and just
 trample all over him.
 He particularly likes women.
 He gets paid for that.
 He doesn't make it does he?
 People will pay up to $200 for him to perform.
 Yeah.
 I mean it's lovely isn't it when you're weird, perverted, fetish, concerned it's your
 job.
 So if anyone would like a burrito boy to turn up at the house.
 OK, that's all about facts for this week.
 If you want to get in touch with any of us, you can get in touch on Twitter, Alex is on.
 @AlexBell_Jane, @EggShaped, @BurritoPartyBoy or if we don't use that @AndryHunterM, we're using it.
 And if you want to listen to any of our previous episodes, you can go to nosuchthingsoffish.com.
 That's all for this week.
 We'll see you again next week.
 Bye-bye.
 [MUSIC]
 (upbeat music)
