 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Hi.
 Hello, Andy.
 Andy.
 Welcome to Drops The Line.
 This is the bit of Clubfish where we talk about your stuff.
 You know, you've heard us talk about our stuff.
 We're listening to your emails, your corrections,
 your problems.
 We're listening to your evils.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Oh, dear.
 OK.
 Right.
 Well, we should whip straight into it,
 because there's a lot to discuss this time.
 Oh, great.
 Some serious stuff.
 There's some lighter-hearted stuff.
 But it's all good.
 Is there any voicemails to read?
 No voicemails.
 Oh, I wish.
 Next time.
 Yeah, next time.
 Send us a voicemail if you want.
 To where?
 Podcast@qi.com.
 [LAUGHTER]
 OK.
 Must be possible.
 Yeah, that must-- you can attach voice notes.
 That's true.
 We've just opened a big can of worms there.
 Yeah.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Let's start with something from the recent episode.
 Ross writes, thank you for highlighting our lovely town,
 Royal Tumbridge Wells, on your latest episode.
 Very fresh, yeah.
 However, as a local, I must correct two errors.
 Firstly, your hosts were pronouncing
 Tumbridge differently to Tumbridge Wells.
 Now, the first Tumbridge I said there was spelt Tonbridge.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Yeah.
 However, they are pronounced the same.
 Yeah, do you think it would have been a good idea
 on the show for us to pronounce these two different words
 completely the same?
 Do you think that would have added clarity
 to the conversation?
 No, you're right.
 No, so Tumbridge and Tumbridge Wells, different places,
 spelt differently, is pronounced the same.
 Yeah, pronounced the same.
 I mean, third player, I do also think that by calling it Tonbridge,
 we made it clear that they were two different places.
 Exactly.
 Sometimes we need to cheat the game in order to make it easier.
 Andy, can I make a prediction of what the second naggle is?
 Let me just finish off Ross's first naggle.
 Then you make your prediction, then we'll get into it.
 So this is just a little bonus info from Ross.
 Up until 1870, they were both spelled Tumbridge, these places.
 But then the GPO, post office, I guess,
 decided that Tumbridge needed to become Tonbridge--
 spelt Tonbridge, but pronounced Tumbridge--
 to reduce confusion.
 That's a good fact.
 Has that worked?
 Has that reduced the confusion?
 You know what, it will reduce the confusion
 once people come around to our pronunciation of Tumbridge.
 Then there'll be no confusion whatsoever.
 You're absolutely right.
 Go on, Dan, make your prediction about the second naggle.
 I'm going to suggest that Ross is going to point out
 that my sons weren't born in Tumbridge Wells.
 That's uncanny, Dan, because he says,
 "I am a gynecologist," and--
 So the reason I say this is because Tumbridge Wells
 Hospital, which was in Tumbridge Wells,
 got relocated but kept the same name to Pembury, which
 is Pembury.
 It's so on the birth certificate of my children,
 it all says they were born in Pembury as opposed
 to Tumbridge Wells despite keeping the Royal Tumbridge
 Wells Hospital name.
 But I think Pembury is pronounced Tumbridge Wells.
 That's right.
 Yeah.
 All of the towns around the area are all pronounced
 Tumbridge Wells, no matter how they're spelled.
 Sorry, I've just realized I should have said obstetrician
 instead of gynecologist.
 That's a springing a knife to a gunfight
 if you've got a gynecologist at the birth.
 You need an obstetrician.
 I'm sorry, I just want to forestall another email happening.
 Can I make a niggle prediction, please?
 Please, yeah.
 I think it is that there is a waitrose extra in Tumbridge
 Wells, even though there isn't a waitrose.
 Is that right?
 Well, James, you'll be amazed to hear
 James' prediction is the right one.
 OK, not Dan's.
 Well, Pembury, I suggest to Ross
 that he may be a bit more sort of panickity
 with his problems.
 Ross says.
 My sons are born in Pembury, Dickhead, not in Tumbridge
 Wells.
 You're even listening?
 Sorry, sorry, Ross.
 Sorry, Ross.
 I lost my cool there.
 Don't worry, it's all good.
 Ross says exactly the change predicted.
 Second, and more vitally, we do have a waitrose.
 However, I will accept that it is not a true waitrose, merely
 a little waitrose attached to a petrol station,
 and it only sprang up recently.
 I don't want to speak for you guys.
 I did find that in my research, and I
 thought that's not a proper waitrose.
 So it's a petrol station with a few waitrose products.
 Yeah, our mutual friend, Mike Fenton Stevens,
 tweeted this as well.
 He says that what they should actually name those are
 wheatrose, as in little wheat.
 Oh, that's good.
 Lovely.
 Lovely to hear.
 Really nice.
 I noticed that we mentioned Wilco on the show.
 Oh, yeah.
 And no more than two or three days after we recorded that,
 Wilco went into administration, which was very sad.
 No, no, it was before, which is why I say in the show.
 And not even that's going to be there anymore.
 It was.
 Oh, is that right?
 So this--
 So listener, I edited out Dan's joke there,
 because I didn't understand it.
 Because I didn't see the news until after we'd
 done the show, and in fact, until after I'd edited the show.
 So I took out that bit because I thought
 it must have been referring to something
 that I didn't understand.
 So I really-- I am sorry, Dan.
 I took out one of your good jokes there.
 No, that's fine.
 It's in the-- it's-- if you watch online,
 there's a video of us talking about the specific bit.
 And that's-- that's where it was.
 That's why I remember, because I heard myself say it there.
 Yeah, the person who edited that video, which I assume is Liam,
 she obviously is more on board with her supermarket news
 than I am.
 Well, on we go.
 Thank you, Ross.
 I feel like that's cleared it up a lot.
 Definitely.
 Sorry for calling you a dickhead, Ross.
 That was-- I think I was really calling myself a dickhead.
 OK, here's one.
 This is an interesting one, actually.
 This is from Ausra Girdalskeiter.
 And I know I've pronounced your first name right
 and your second name wrong, because you told me
 how to pronounce your first name, but not your second name.
 Anyway, greetings from continental Europe.
 I had a cool synchronicity happen
 while listening to the podcast.
 I've been re-listening to the episodes from the beginning,
 and during my morning gym session,
 I was on number 226.
 When I came home and clicked on the latest episode
 at the time, 490, I heard Dan's bit about putting poo
 on the inside versus outside of a spaceship.
 And I got kind of confused, because I've just listened to it.
 If you listen to episode 226 from around 1954--
 "19 Minutes, 54," an episode 4--
 I thought we'd been doing this podcast for a long time,
 haven't we?
 It certainly feels that way.
 An episode 490 from around the 45-22,
 you can hear Dan being confused on where to put poo
 on your spaceship twice.
 And it turns out we've done exactly this riff before.
 Isn't that really interesting?
 Because what I always see online is a comedian
 will make a joke in their set, and then another comedian
 will turn around and say, "Well, you stole that from me.
 I did that first."
 And that might be the case sometimes,
 but I think often sometimes there's just, like you say,
 synchronicity, and two people just have the same idea.
 It's very rare that the same person
 has the same idea for a joke as themselves
 from a couple of years earlier.
 And it's like five or six years ago that we did that.
 Because that was what, 226?
 That's like four or five years in.
 Yeah.
 And so what we tend to do is, before we do an episode,
 if we have a subject, we will scan through this giant Excel
 spreadsheet that Andy keeps log of,
 which has something like over 20,000 facts in it now
 from the 70 years that we've been going.
 And you can look up things that you've said as a fact,
 but often the anecdotes don't necessarily make it in.
 Or if they do, you don't really look for that.
 So you find yourself on stage saying a thought that you go,
 "Oh, yeah, it's weird."
 Like when I said that, I did feel like,
 "I feel like I've said this before."
 But you just say it anyway.
 It is slightly different both times, but it's very weird.
 It's this weird synchronicity.
 So it's like a sort of funny wormhole.
 Yeah.
 Here's one.
 Yeah.
 This is quite an exciting one.
 It's from an anonymous source.
 OK.
 A whistleblower.
 A deep throat.
 Listen to this since 2016.
 Confirming some facts mentioned in episode 488
 and also sharing a few unconfirmed facts
 about the Pentagon.
 Mm, cool.
 Bum, bum, bum.
 We've got someone inside the building.
 I'm a member of the US active military.
 And was stationed at the Pentagon from 2014 to '18.
 I saw firsthand the Pokemon Go craze
 as I was one of the participants.
 The central courtyard was indeed a previous Pokemon Joe--
 Pokemon Go, Jim.
 Have you just given away this guy's name?
 Oh, no.
 It's Pokemon Joe, the 30th battalion.
 And our source says, "Many folks during smoke breaks
 would sit on the park benches during the day
 to fight for control.
 And I would sometimes see upwards of 100 people wandering
 or sitting, obviously playing, but trying
 to be inconspicuous about their intentions."
 100 people.
 That really is amazing.
 That's incredible.
 I know.
 A couple of other-- just a little bonus fact.
 Because we talked about the tour guides walking backwards.
 Yes.
 And keep an eye on everyone.
 And they know the exact number of steps
 that they'll need to take in order to then cut a right
 without turning around and looking.
 So clever.
 Well, our source, Pokemon Joe, writes,
 "That is most likely true, although they always
 have someone also walking forward from the back
 to keep eyes on the entire group."
 OK.
 I wondered with those guys, do they count the number of steps,
 Dan, did you say?
 Or they use landmarks.
 So like a fire hydrant might suggest, OK, that's there.
 I know that there is a--
 10 more steps backwards or whatever.
 Because that's, of course, we learned a few years ago.
 That's how ants managed to find their way back to the nests.
 They count the number of steps.
 And the reason-- and the way they found that out
 is they put little stilts on the ants.
 And when they put the stilts on, they always overshot.
 Because they count the number of steps.
 But obviously, the stride is longer, so they missed the nest.
 Yes.
 So I was wondering if you were to put tour guides
 in the Pentagon in different highted shoes,
 whether it would completely throw them off.
 Oh, yeah, that's a good test.
 Pokemon Joe could maybe--
 oh, no, he's not there anymore.
 Pokemon Joe, get back in.
 Pokemon Joe writes, "Happy to answer other questions
 within reason."
 Brilliant.
 Would you say that one was within reason?
 Yeah, I do.
 I do.
 Great.
 Well, looks forward to reply next month.
 Thank you, Joe.
 Very quick one from Grant Winjones.
 Loved Ella Alshama.
 He's fascinating spiel on James Cameron.
 Oh, yeah.
 This is a week or two ago.
 I was googling him and discovered
 that in addition to his engineering genius,
 he is also artistic.
 He did the sketch of Kate Winslet in Titanic.
 Did he?
 Yeah.
 The new sketch of Kate Winslet.
 I think that's a bit creepy, isn't it?
 Oh, the director is insisting that--
 I'm afraid he's the only one qualified to draw you naked
 for this bit of the film.
 Sorry.
 Yeah, that's true.
 Now, we should get on to it.
 We've actually got a proper correction
 to make, which is from something we've
 had a lot of correspondence about as well.
 Sample email subject line, Wicca versus Satanist.
 Another email subject line, Satanic temple info.
 Why would Wicca's be against Satanist
 when they're exactly the same people?
 That doesn't make any sense.
 Well, that's the funny thing, James.
 Yeah, absolutely.
 So it turns out that they're really, really not.
 And basically, we've had a lot of correspondence.
 More like Satan isn't.
 That was a very good email subject line there.
 And basically, we slightly, I think, let the impression
 happen that Wicca and Satanism is the same thing,
 or that Wicca's enjoy a spot of devil worship.
 And that's not true.
 Can I ask, Andy, first of all, did you
 get any Satanists who were annoyed that they'd
 been compared to Wicca people?
 No.
 I got one person writing in saying these are different,
 and I'm neither.
 But no, I don't think any Satanists saying,
 I've just finished a spot of devil worship,
 and we're nothing like the neo-pagan religion of Wicca.
 OK, so are you going to quickly explain to us
 what Wicca is, just so that we--
 Yeah, here's a sample from one of our correspondence.
 Wicca is a neo-pagan religion compiled
 by Gerald Gardner in the mid-20th century.
 There are lots of other aspects of paganism, none of which
 contain Satanism, which is an ideological viewpoint,
 rather than the following of a full religion.
 So lots of clarification there.
 We're very happy to set the record straight.
 Wicca is a harmless nature-based religion,
 nothing to do with the devil.
 OK.
 Wow.
 This is great news.
 Yeah.
 Oh, is it?
 Oh, yeah, absolutely, because this
 is now going to be the new classical musicians don't
 need sheet music to play.
 It's as if I've planted this story just
 to take the heat off the correspondence on that
 coming in now.
 So very excited for this mess up.
 Oh, no, we've got an email in.
 It's from a Wiccan bassoonist.
 Yeah, so there we go.
 We mustered it in the show, the slightly different things,
 but we could have made it very much clearer.
 So apologies to all Wiccans listening.
 Who did get quite offended.
 So yeah, we are genuinely sorry, because it did raise a bit of--
 I guess it is one of those things that sometimes does
 get presented as if it has a connection,
 and it does bad for their reputation.
 It makes possibly in ways we don't appreciate.
 Also, lots of the Satanists, we were to quote unquote Satanists
 we were talking about, are basically free speech campaigners.
 We mentioned very few people who actually worship the devil.
 Is it the Satanic temple, who are the anti--
 they're anti-government libertarians who also take the Mechie.
 So anyway, I hope that's clear.
 Let's move on to another silly email.
 Here's one from Andreas Marti on suffragettes.
 Last episode also, James mentioned--
 this is about the suffragette thing.
 Oh, it's about Swiss women getting the vote,
 and the year they get that.
 So it's actually nothing to do with that topic.
 It's another tombridge-tombridge.
 It's-- James mentioned the Canton--
 Appenzell--
 Appenzell, yeah.
 Alsurrodin, regarding the women's right to vote.
 James said it-- I'm just reading the email, James.
 I don't think it is.
 But James said it as Alsurrodin, instead of the correct
 Alsurrodin, because the second word starts with the second r.
 This is hilarious because, Andreas writes,
 "Hoden means testicles in German."
 So James said, "outer testicle," instead of "outer roger."
 I'm such a comedy genius that I could see that comedy.
 I could see the word "testicle" in that word.
 Even though I didn't know any German,
 I just knew it must be funny.
 I've got to imagine that the laugh that you have got over
 in Germany that we just no one else has got,
 you've created bilingual laughter.
 Everyone listening to the show in Appenzell,
 whatever testicles, they would have been just probably
 thousands, if not tens of thousands of people listening
 there will have just been loving it.
 It's huge.
 That's great.
 And so anyway, I wrote to thank Andreas for that information.
 There's also an Appenzell inner rodent, inner testicle,
 inner Hoden.
 So I just wrote saying, thank you.
 We'll read that out on Drops Align.
 And Andreas Marty then actuallyed himself unbelievable
 by saying, "By the way, Appenzell Also rodent
 "and Appenzell inner rodent are half cantons,
 "not full cantons.
 "Each one has only one seat in the upper house of parliament.
 "The former canton Appenzell split in two
 "during the reformation in 1597.
 "Inner rodent is Catholic while Also rodent is not."
 Right.
 'Cause I don't want to get more emails about that.
 That's about that.
 Brilliant.
 So they're not cantons, they're canstons.
 That's superb.
 Yeah, I was just channeling the Wiccan joke from earlier on.
 Yeah.
 Love it.
 Satan isn't.
 Oh, there's one bit of corroboration that we got.
 Oh, lovely.
 That's nice to hear.
 You were right, you were right.
 Eversteena Pauli writes,
 "This is the longest distance callback of the week."
 That's a fun section we can run.
 I was listening to old episodes.
 I was delighted to hear a question I can answer.
 It was episode 127.
 Great.
 Well, eight years ago, maybe, seven or eight years ago.
 Alex is on the show and he says,
 "Among all the things left on the moon are nail clippers.
 "Why would anyone bring nail clippers to space?"
 He asks.
 Oh, yeah.
 Well, nail clippers are actually crucial
 for any astronauts who prefer not to have
 their fingernails fall off.
 Because you need to protect the astronauts' hands
 and the bulky and ill-fitting gloves can result
 in their fingernails falling off
 like the way runners might lose toenails.
 So, at least having well-trained nails is a necessity,
 especially for big-handed astronauts.
 Yeah.
 At least one astronaut has reportedly solved this issue
 by removing their own fingernails
 as a preventative measure before leaving for the ISS.
 Wow.
 Wow.
 That's stunning.
 Oh, my God.
 That's amazing.
 Yeah, because actually long-distance runners
 remove their toenails sometimes before races
 because it's less painful than them falling off
 by accident.
 And yeah, I have heard that about the gloves,
 at least the old gloves.
 They're really solid.
 They're like, you know, almost like plastic tubes
 as opposed to just nice gloves.
 Right.
 So, they aren't molded to your hands
 or the old ones weren't.
 And so, yeah, they would just be rattling around
 inside them all the time.
 And if they don't fit very well, that's going to happen.
 Wow.
 They're not like surgical, they're not like rubber gloves.
 They're like big, thick, bulky, yeah, yeah.
 Ever seen a race?
 This is how she knows it.
 I love this.
 I fell into the rabbit hole of astronauts' nails
 and nail clippers when collaborating
 with a NASA engineer during my master's studies
 in industrial design in 2018.
 His name is Douglas Wong, and he has been working
 on a zero-gravity nail clipper with suction
 that he is calling Nail Caps,
 the Nail Clipping's airborne prevention system.
 The aim is to prevent nail clippings flying around the ISS
 and ending up getting in experiments
 and machinery or the astronauts' eyes or lungs.
 Yeah.
 That must be tough.
 You accidentally swallow someone's toenail clippings.
 Someone else's toenail clippings as well.
 Yeah.
 You could just do your fellow astronauts
 just clipping their nails into the zero-gravity.
 Give us another one.
 All right, here's one.
 Oh, this is a great one.
 This is from Andres Kutt.
 Andrea writes, "In episode 486 of Fish,
 you guys discussed passengers landing in aircraft.
 It has also been covered on QI.
 But did you know there is a place
 where passengers always land the plane?"
 Oh, that's really good.
 Is it a quiz?
 Can we work it out?
 I think-- you probably could work it out, actually.
 You're very good at quizzes.
 I didn't work it out.
 OK.
 So it must be some reason that the pilot can't do it.
 Yes.
 So perhaps there's no pilot on the plane normally.
 Perhaps the pilot--
 huh, the passengers--
 oh, I know it.
 It's like, you know, in the Flintstones where they have cars
 and the legs come out of the bottom and they run along.
 There's some really old planes where the seats--
 like, your legs sort of dangle out of the bottom.
 And then as the plane comes into land,
 everyone has to run at the same time.
 Yeah, yeah, there's classic planes.
 There's classic planes with no flaws.
 Is it-- he's got it.
 He's got it.
 I think he's almost got it.
 I think it is old planes.
 And I think it's those planes.
 And I think we've spoken about it on Fish Before, whereby
 the plane comes and basically, effectively,
 comes so slow and hovers that people
 pull the plane down from the outside.
 No.
 What?
 I think that used to happen on air hangers in a--
 Where are the airships?
 Sorry, airships.
 Rather-- sorry, airships out at sea.
 You would-- yeah, people used to help the plane land
 by physically pulling it down.
 That's amazing.
 Wow.
 If true.
 I was hoping that was the answer,
 as if that would corroborate my--
 That's not it.
 --weird ass idea, I just said.
 This is current.
 Passengers land the plane.
 It's a slight--
 Andres is playing a little bit.
 Ah.
 Is it pilot?
 Is it the word pilot?
 The pilot is called passenger.
 And so is his co-pilot.
 Right.
 You're right.
 It's not pilot for a boat.
 You pilot a boat, right?
 It's definitely planes.
 Oh, that's clever.
 And we're talking planes.
 There's no one on a boat here.
 We're talking planes.
 Oh, this is such a good riddle.
 I didn't realize it was this good a riddle.
 It's a riddle.
 Love the plane.
 Passengers land the plane.
 Shall I tell you?
 Yeah, you're going to have to tell us.
 OK.
 All right, here we go.
 Andres writes, when I took a flight from Singapore
 to Paro via Kolkata, there was a guy sitting
 at the front of the airplane across the aisle from me.
 So a passenger, right?
 Yeah.
 Just before landing, he stood up and went into the cockpit.
 It turns out that the landing in Paro is so tricky.
 I've been to a airport, Paro.
 Well, only the pilots of the Bhutan Royal
 Airline are allowed to do the landing.
 But for the rest of the flight, they are a passenger.
 That's really clever.
 That's clever.
 I have been in that airport, Paro, in Bhutan.
 So you've had this experience.
 You went flying there.
 Yeah, I did.
 But I only flew from either Kathmandu or somewhere like that,
 somewhere in Nepal I flew from.
 So the same pilot took the whole journey.
 I'm pretty sure.
 Oh, I see.
 I think it'd be a great way to prank people.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Someone comes out of the cockpit and say, oh, my god.
 Can anyone fly or land a plane?
 Yeah, but you've just got some confident Twitter bro going,
 yeah, I could do it, mate.
 I could do it.
 And then he's going to have a big argument
 with the actual pilot, where the pilot's going, no, no.
 I actually am a pilot.
 The other guy's like, yeah, but I'm pretty confident.
 I feel like I could do it.
 I used to watch the Crypton Factor.
 How hard could it be?
 Also, sometimes on those smaller planes,
 the toilet happens to be right next to the cockpit door.
 You wouldn't want to misunderstand it,
 where someone's got up for a poo, opens the door of the pilot,
 and he's going, oh, come sit.
 Yeah, take us in, buddy.
 Yes, that's brilliant.
 And it's like a stag do.
 And as a joke, the stag has come dressed as a member
 of our Bhutanese Air Class.
 Anymore!
 Oh, my god.
 That's a brilliant question.
 Anymore of these kind of riddle me this.
 Yeah.
 That's really great.
 Riddle corner.
 I'm going to write it on my list of segments
 that we might have.
 We've done get yourself off the hook.
 We've had an arm actually of the week.
 We haven't had any spicy meat.
 Haven't had plug corner.
 It's been a very format light episode of Drop As A Line.
 Oh, god, despite the fact that the theory of everything else
 is still available in all shards.
 Weird.
 We haven't mentioned it.
 Let's move on.
 Yeah, all right.
 OK, bye.
 Bye, everybody.
 That was Drop As A Line.
 As always, it was a whole heap of fun.
 And if you-- well, you've already signed up.
 There's nothing more to sign up to.
 You've reached the end of the road in terms of your fiscal
 commitment to us.
 Please do not cancel your subscription
 as a result of the last 20 minutes.
 Exactly.
 That's what we should say every week.
 Don't take a step back.
 Just maintain your current level of involvement with us.
 We're so glad.
 We hope you've enjoyed it.
 Thank you very much.
 And we'll do another fun thing in a couple of weeks.
 And we'll see you then.
 Bye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
