 [BELL RINGS]
 [SPEAKING SPANISH]
 [SPEAKING SPANISH]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Hello, and welcome to another episode of "No Such Thing"
 is a Fish A Weekly Podcast this week coming to you
 from Up the Creek in Greenwich London!
 [CHEERING]
 [CHEERING]
 My name is Dan Schreiber, and I am sitting here with Anaczynski,
 Andrew Hunter Murray, and James Harkin.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones.
 But this time, with our four favorite Christmas
 facts, because it's our Christmas special.
 And we're up again.
 And in no particular order, here we go, starting with my facts.
 My fact this week is that, as well as getting a visit
 from Santa Claus at Christmas, Icelanders also get a visit
 from the spoon liquor, the door snapper, and the sausage
 swiper.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah.
 So these-- they do have Santa there, but they also have--
 and this is what Wikipedia says they're called, your lads.
 They're like lads.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And they-- I think the reason Wikipedia calls them that is,
 because that's what they are called.
 Yeah.
 Oh, OK.
 OK, cool.
 Yeah.
 I mean, so I know you've fallen for fake Wikipedia facts a lot
 in the past.
 But this is real.
 I just thought that was called Casualingo.
 I was like, yeah, I'm cool with you, Wiki.
 So yeah, they're called the your lads.
 And there's 13 of them in total.
 Spoon liquor is one.
 He licks bowls.
 No, he licks spoons.
 But there is a bowl liquor.
 There is actually a bowl liquor, yeah.
 I misread my note there.
 And then cover it up like it was a joke.
 There's the sausage swiper who licks spoons.
 And then there--
 So does a sausage swiper-- he swipes sausages, does he?
 Yeah, so he hides in the rafters of your house.
 And while he goes and check for your spoons,
 so someone's licked the spoons.
 You quickly head into the kitchen.
 He lowers himself.
 I think Tom Cruise style from "Mission Impossible"
 gets your sausages and then gets pulled back up to the roof.
 And then you come back in and go, ah, the spoons now,
 the sausages, what's going on?
 We've had three.
 What are the other 10 light?
 There's a guy who--
 he harasses sheep.
 No.
 Yeah.
 What's his-- they all have very expressive names, don't they?
 Yeah, his one's not so sheepcoatclod is his name.
 Yeah.
 There's meat hook.
 They're all thieves, basically, aren't they?
 Yeah.
 Just in Iceland, you just have to accept that people
 will come and steal all your stuff.
 There's pot scraper.
 The doorway sniffer is not someone who likes doorways.
 It's just someone who's smelling beyond the doorway
 to try and steal your food later.
 But they used to be way more of them.
 So they used to be more than 80-year-olds.
 Whoa.
 Which is a lot to descend upon you.
 And there are ones that were, you know,
 kiboshed about mid-century, were falda fakeir, which
 is skirt sweeper.
 He got the shop and literally pungo, which
 are small testicles.
 What did he do?
 He just went around flattering people.
 Those are bigger than mine.
 I've got small ones, so it's, yeah.
 So do these guys bring you anything?
 They just take things away.
 They take things-- well, they used to take things away.
 And back in the day, in 1746, the stories
 became so scary that they actually
 banned them from telling them to children,
 because they brought them into such a sort of Stephen King-esque
 territory of fear that they said this is too much.
 It was the Danish, wasn't it, who did that?
 And not only that, they banned using any stories
 to scare children.
 Yeah.
 And it was because of these guys.
 Really?
 It wasn't only because of them.
 So have you heard of Iceland's famous Christmas child
 eating cat, who prowls around the country, eating children?
 Oh, Christmas day.
 And the terrible thing is, so you know, if you're naughty or nice,
 you'll get presents or you get a lump of coal.
 The child has no control over whether it's eaten or not.
 The only thing that controls whether the child is eaten or not
 is whether the child got any new clothes for Christmas
 from his parents.
 And if your parents didn't give you some socks,
 you're going to be eaten.
 There is a slight thing with that with,
 if you've done all of your chores by Christmas day,
 then they're supposed to give you some clothes.
 But they could not.
 I just, I'm saying, it really would be a pretty harsh bit
 of parenting, isn't it?
 Just think it-- yeah.
 It's insult to injury, isn't it?
 A, you're not getting a new t-shirt and B,
 you're about to be eaten by a giant cat.
 Yeah, it was a big cat, though, isn't it?
 It was like the size of a house.
 And it belonged to a troll, right?
 So it was like--
 Katie Hopkins.
 This is all still, I say.
 Satire, we don't do that, Dave's come on.
 We welcome all people in our pockets.
 She-- no, there's no--
 We honestly do not.
 She is not invited to anything that would--
 I'd like to publicly state, Katie Hopkins.
 Fuck you.
 That's a--
 [APPLAUSE]
 Was that Satire or was that--
 No, it's not Satire.
 My satirical show is not going down.
 Hey, Trump, fuck you.
 Hey, front, fuck you.
 Catch you next week on "Settlers Today."
 What were we talking about, Iceland?
 Yeah.
 So these, these UL ads, their mother is called "Gruler."
 She's been married three times, but she
 killed all of her husbands because they bought her.
 Wow.
 My wife is in the audience, and I just
 like to say that's not the right way to behave like that.
 And she is the mother of the UL ads?
 No, she's just my wife.
 No.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And she is half-oga, half-troll.
 And I am referring here to "Gruler" and their cat is Christmas
 cat.
 The family cat is Christmas cat.
 And the cat brings-- oh, the UL ads sometimes
 grab to children and brought them back to be turned into stew.
 But this is all just to deter children from misbehaving.
 It's not anything worse than what we do, which is Santa
 won't bring you presents if you're banned.
 Should we talk about Father Christmas?
 Yeah, sure.
 Because you know he is leaking.
 Sorry.
 Wow.
 His bones, Father Christmas, has bones.
 So this is St. Nicholas, and he has some relics.
 And it's kind of debatable which relics are his,
 but it's generally accepted that he has some in Italy.
 And they leak.
 It's a clear liquid that is called
 sort of manner by the priest who guard the tomb.
 And it can sell for a good manner.
 Oh, camera, it's surprising, wow.
 But I think it's because he's in this place called
 Barry in Italy, which is a harbour town.
 So it's below sea level, in fact.
 So the harbour water tends to seep into where he's entombed.
 And then every year they have this festival where he will come.
 Oh, holy fish has come in this morning.
 Yeah, exactly.
 It's like the great story of Jesus.
 He makes fish out of the Santa.
 There is a place where, I think it's South America.
 Yeah, it's part of Latin America.
 Father, baby, the bot, hang on.
 The models of baby Jesus are dressed up like Father Christmas.
 Yeah, there's this weird synergy
 between Jesus and Father Christmas.
 Really?
 Yeah, I can't find it in my 19th century.
 I am panicking like crazy.
 Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 I've seen the words magic helicopter.
 Yeah, well, no.
 So basically, you get presents from the baby Jesus.
 You don't get them from Father Christmas.
 So that's why they've dressed up the two traditions together.
 But people ask children, how exactly does that work?
 How are you getting presents from this baby?
 And they variously explained, a) that he has a magic helicopter.
 Or b) that he just hasn't, he owns all the toy shops.
 He's just a massive toy magnate.
 And he can afford to give them to children.
 Do you know how the reason he exists, though,
 is because it's too difficult for Jesus on his own
 to deliver all those presents.
 So, what?
 So, so Nicholas was like a common thing.
 Everyone knew about the Nicholas until about the 1500s.
 And then the Reformation came in and Protestantism came in
 and they said, Jesus is the only thing.
 And then it was established that there should be a festival
 where Jesus brings everyone presents on Christmas day,
 on the day of his birth.
 And then it was established that a tiny newborn baby
 can't handle all these presents and all this present giving.
 And so Father Christmas initially was the sidekick to Jesus.
 This was like, no.
 Post Reformation was the first time he became
 his co-deliverer of gifts.
 Because it was like, well, he's a tiny baby.
 He can't actually carry all these presents.
 So, um, so Nicholas joined him.
 But a tiny baby would be, could fit down a chimney much more easily
 than a massive man.
 So, that was why Father Christmas brought Jesus.
 It was a symbiotic relationship.
 But so, are there actual historical stories of the two of them?
 Like Batman Robyn's Star, which is travelling.
 I refer you to the word "historical" in that sense.
 All right. Shall we move on to our second first?
 Sure. Okay. It is time for our second fact of the show.
 And that is Anna.
 Yep. My fact this week is that an ancient Greek form
 of contraception was a suppository made of frankincense,
 mure, and blister beetles.
 This is the thing.
 And blister beetles, by the way, if you don't know what they are,
 they're beetles that cause blisters.
 Um, no, they're, so blister beetles are these things
 that secrete something called cantharidin,
 which I probably mispronounced, but it's this poison.
 And the reason they secrete it is because they give it to their,
 their, the male gives it to the female during mating,
 as a gift, as like a mating gift, but during sex,
 which is a bit weird, um, and then it's to cover her eggs with it.
 And that stops predators from, you know, getting hold of it,
 but it's actually very poisonous.
 Um, so a tenth of a milligram can blister your skin really badly,
 but this was a very common medicine,
 so it was used as a contraception.
 You shove it up the bum, and you don't get pregnant.
 That is what traditionally happens when you shove it up the bum.
 LAUGHTER
 Oh, that blister beetle stuff is called Spanish fly, I think.
 Yeah. And it was an aphrodisiac as well.
 Yeah.
 And I think I've written down Casanova and Marquis de Sade.
 I can't remember which one it was,
 but one of them used it as a, um, as an aphrodisiac.
 Marquis de Sade.
 And that's what he got said to prison.
 Sorry, if you're using the blister beetles, think...
 Yeah, I think so, whatever.
 I'm going off memory, but I think that's right.
 Yeah. Yeah.
 And the idea was, it would make you itchy,
 and you would put it down there, and you would itch yourself,
 and that would turn you off.
 Mmm.
 Oh, yeah.
 Nice, eh?
 Just a bit of history.
 It's just...
 And a good tip for the room.
 I think.
 LAUGHTER
 But Frankincense and Merck, come on, let's talk about those.
 Yes. Yes.
 Yeah.
 Frankincense, a bit of a panacea.
 People thought it kind of cured loads of different things.
 Yeah.
 In Oman, it still is a little bit.
 It's been variously used as a stomach suitor,
 a cough remover, a blood thinner, cold medicine,
 wound cleaner, and fly repellent.
 LAUGHTER
 And it was really, really popular in Oman.
 It was basically made them one of the most
 kind of rich countries in the world.
 But not anymore, because the Roman Catholic church
 buys the cheap stuff from Somalia these days.
 Oh.
 What, um, what is Frankincense?
 It's incense.
 But it's like Frank of the front.
 You're kidding.
 Is that really what it is?
 Yeah.
 And Frank kind of means honest or whatever.
 It just means really good.
 Really good incense.
 Don't listen.
 It's true.
 I swear to God, that's true.
 That is true.
 Was the incense a bit true?
 All of it's true.
 The Frank bit as well?
 Yeah.
 Andy?
 LAUGHTER
 Don, the reason I asked was because I had
 dramatically under-researched on this fact.
 Yeah.
 But it is. And the word Frank to mean sort of really good and honest
 came from Franks, meaning French people, as well, from the Roman times.
 And in fact, in Roman times, it was so important,
 Frankincense, that Augustus Caesar sent 10,000 troops
 to invade the area where Frankincense came from,
 because he thought it was so important.
 Right.
 It's so weird.
 It was so important, Frankincense.
 And so it was medicinally thought to be so important.
 And it wasn't incense.
 And it's from Treesat, basically, isn't it?
 Which is like Mer, they're both, basically, from Treesap
 and they're turning to incense.
 But between 1,000 BC and 400 AD,
 Frankincense was the most lucrative trade in the world.
 It was the most valuable thing in the world to be traded
 for, like, 1,500 years.
 It's amazing.
 And in a man, it's still a really big deal to the extent
 that they have, I think, roundabouts in a man are quite famous,
 so they're quite well decorated with giant versions of stuff.
 And in quite a lot of roundabouts in a man,
 then they have giant, Frankincense dispensers,
 like, properly huge.
 The size of a building of Frankincense dispenser
 in the centre of a roundabout.
 I did a little bit on gift giving, OK.
 So because these blister beetles,
 they give a present to their mates during sex.
 And so I looked up--
 And also called Frankincense and Mer were gifts
 given to the baby Jesus.
 There are so many links to the thing I've--
 But you've heard of these spiders that give gifts to the females.
 They're called paratrokelea ornata.
 And they give silk wrapped parcels full of prey.
 And it's really interesting because 70% of them give rubbish gifts,
 which are worthless.
 They're leftovers.
 It's like basically giving someone an empty selection box.
 Selection box, exactly.
 Because--
 That's just the bouncy bar left in.
 Exactly.
 It is exactly like that.
 But basically, the male spiders, they can't help themselves
 from eating most of the present before they
 give it to the female.
 But I just wrap this nice-- oh god, it's so--
 Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
 But the spiders-- it's really sensible for the spiders
 to give a rubbish present to the female.
 Because the females don't judge on what's inside the parcel.
 By the time they open the package,
 they've already pressed the button to go ahead or not
 go ahead with the mating.
 And what they judge on is how the male looks
 is physical condition.
 So the main thing is good body condition.
 So the males who ate their gift to a cleverer,
 because it's better to turn up looking well-fed and in good shape,
 but with nothing in the box than it
 is to turn up with an actual meal in the box,
 but you look hungry.
 Yeah, and you do know that's not going to fly in your own life, do you?
 The main thing, darling, is that I look good.
 I read something really interesting today.
 Have you guys heard the Jesus as an alien theory?
 No.
 No, Jesus.
 No, no, hang in there.
 This one's really interesting.
 So the idea is that a lot of people think
 that Jesus is an alien.
 And so because they describe in the Bible that the star,
 they say, low the star, which they saw in the east,
 went before them till it came and stood over where the young child was.
 And everyone's like, how can a star move like that?
 That's insane.
 Maybe it wasn't a star.
 Maybe it was a UFO.
 Now, UFO comes guiding these three wise men
 and three kings from very separate places who all of a sudden are hanging out.
 How's that happen?
 Were they like a king conference?
 Like how one was from Persia, one was from India.
 They were all over the shop and suddenly they were on this side.
 They weren't three of them.
 That's not in the Bible.
 And I'm telling a story here.
 Then you go, OK, the immaculate conception.
 How did she have the child inside of her?
 Well, that's very consistent, my friends, with an abduction,
 where they bring you up and they play something inside you.
 Not my theory.
 I'm just saying that the third you marry was anally probed.
 And that's the one time where the bum contraception would not work, Andy.
 Because look what she had, a Jesus.
 So...
 I cannot believe you've done this to our show.
 What do you mean?
 This is...
 Can I tell you something about Jesus?
 Well, can I ask you something about Jesus?
 Where was he born?
 Bethlehem.
 Incorrect.
 Not Bethlehem, he was born in Bethlehem.
 So...
 What?
 It's a different Bethlehem.
 There's a Bethlehem in Israel where everyone goes
 and they're like, "This is the birthplace of Jesus."
 But Israel has two Bethlehem's.
 And it turns out that the one that is much closer to Nazareth
 where Jesus was born is a totally different Bethlehem.
 And archaeologists now are saying that actually we've got the wrong one.
 So the place that everyone goes and celebrate the birth of Jesus
 is completely wrong.
 It's somewhere there.
 Yeah, they should be going to area 51.
 Yeah.
 (LAUGHTER)
 You know, I'm trying to raise the turn.
 Whatever.
 Um, so, do you know what the names of the three wise men were?
 Yes.
 Balthazar.
 Melcule.
 Balthazar.
 Melcule.
 And Caspa, yeah.
 Okay.
 And according to a survey by the British Christmas tree,
 Growers Association.
 (LAUGHTER)
 Your sourcing is getting worse.
 There is only one place in the world or at least in the UK
 where there are people with those surnames that all live in that place.
 And it is.
 It's eaten.
 It's eaten in it.
 It's Bedfordshire.
 Oh, yeah.
 Bedfordshire.
 Apparently there are people with that names.
 And they decided, because presumably it was the slow season for Christmas tree growing,
 that they'd look at all the different Christmassy names and see where people are.
 There is only one Mr. Scrooge in the whole world.
 And he lives in Canada.
 No.
 There are 16 people in England called Grinch, the surname Grinch.
 Really?
 And there's only one person in the whole UK called Mr. Barbals.
 (LAUGHTER)
 That's right.
 All right.
 Let's move on to our next fact.
 It is time for fact number three and that is Andy.
 My factor is that Oregon has 12 times as many Christmas trees as humans.
 Yeah. So this is just a fact about how many Christmas trees there are.
 You've heard the fact.
 It's about...
 I can't believe that.
 Just how few humans there are in Oregon.
 That's true.
 But it's not.
 It's got reasonably healthy human population and just a shitload of Christmas trees.
 So the amazing thing is how it harvests them.
 So it harvests them.
 You may have seen this by helicopter to where the...
 Is that magic helicopter?
 No, by Jesus.
 It's not about a helicopter.
 I get lifted up in massive bundles and it's incredible to watch an action
 because they're doing a constant zigzag between the...
 where the Christmas trees are in bundles and where they need to be loaded.
 And it takes about 26 seconds to fly a few hundred yards from one to the other.
 And then they zip back.
 And one of the pilot trainers, the helicopter pilot, trainers said,
 "It's similar to sprinting down a field, putting someone on your back,
 piggyback, and then dropping them off, then running back across the field."
 Which is such an unhelpful energy.
 But in America there's a massive shortage right now.
 Of trees?
 Yeah, of Christmas trees.
 Right.
 And this is because of the recession.
 When the recession happened was about that amount of time ago
 that it takes to grow a Christmas tree.
 So just on the ten years.
 So now we've got a massive shortage because people's businesses went to pot
 and they went into other industries.
 So actually an Oregon, which is one of the main Christmas tree industries,
 pot growing, marijuana growing is a big industry as well.
 And so a lot of Christmas tree farmers have gone on to marijuana instead.
 So you can't get a Christmas tree, you can get some weed.
 Which does that mean like in what, 15 years time?
 Everyone will have pot plants.
 Well, pot plants.
 Yeah.
 Really?
 I guess so.
 Yeah, giant pot plants that they hang baubles and tinsel off and put an angel on top of.
 Wow.
 But there is a shortage, it's a problem.
 Not a huge problem, but it's a problem.
 Do you know where Britain has a Eurovision for Christmas trees?
 I don't know.
 Yeah.
 What?
 It's from the British Christmas tree growers association.
 They have an annual Christmas tree grower of the year competition
 and they all compete on various metrics of, you know, height and, um,
 so when you say Eurovision, sorry, is it all of Europe?
 It's not all of Europe.
 It's all the British Christmas tree growers.
 The only thing that even makes it slightly like Eurovision.
 Is we all ring up to see who wins?
 Yes.
 It's on BBC One, everyone.
 It's hosted by Graham Nantes.
 It's right, yeah.
 It's gone undercurrent of Cold War rivalry.
 The determines the winner every year.
 Is it that they get a vote on each other's trees?
 That's so great.
 But anyway, what happens to the best tree?
 It's not interesting.
 Though it gets to go outside, downing streets.
 Does it really?
 Yeah, do you not have us to the runner-up?
 Right out.
 It's probably a pub.
 No, the runner-up gets to go inside downing streets.
 Does it seem amazing?
 That's the better...
 That's the better prize.
 You don't get seen by the public and stuff there.
 Yeah, but you get to hear all the juicy goss.
 So you can buy half Christmas trees.
 Have you seen these? They're pretty cool.
 They're plastic ones, but they're basically half a Christmas tree,
 and you lean it up against your wall.
 That is so clever.
 That is so clever.
 I mean, it's awful, but it is awfully clever.
 They put them up because if you live in a small flat,
 let's say in London, for instance, you don't have that much space,
 but you still want to see the Christmas tree,
 then you can have it just half of the wall.
 That's great.
 You can also have agar cells upside down Christmas trees.
 You can see bitters at the bottom, and the fat bitters at the top.
 And that's if you don't have much floor space.
 That's very cool.
 And that used to happen in the 19th century.
 Did it?
 People hung it upside down from the rafters.
 Yeah, really.
 Yeah, because there was not much floor space.
 Same reason.
 But actually, the Christmas tree industry in the 2000s
 really hated these plastic trees.
 In 2004, the National Christmas Tree Association of America
 launched a free online video game
 called Attack of the Mutant Artificial Christmas Tree.
 And in it, you would throw snowballs at artificial trees
 that were blamed for sucking the spirit out of Christmas.
 Where is actually artificial trees have been around
 for almost as long as Christmas trees have been around in popular terms?
 So feather trees were a thing from the late 19th century.
 Feather trees?
 Yeah, so the first artificial Christmas trees
 were made of goose feather.
 And they used to kind of like sort of back comb it.
 So it looked like a tree.
 And then they would paint it.
 And that was an artificial tree
 because they were really worried about deforestation in the 19th century,
 which I think is quite interesting.
 And it's still an argument about what's best for the environment
 like an artificial one or a real one, right?
 Yeah.
 I read one report and a few of them are kind of very,
 but one of them says that it's better to use real ones,
 but not if you're going to use your artificial tree for 20 years or more.
 20 years.
 Basically, 20 years worth of real trees is one plastic one as well.
 But I throw away my plastic one every year.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Do you know how the Christmas tree was made popular worldwide
 in the way it is today?
 Like Martin Luther or something?
 I'm thinking more like commercially popular.
 It was made popular by Queen Victoria, which--
 So it was in 1846 when Victorian Albert had a Christmas tree
 because in Germany, Christmas trees were way
 they celebrated Christmas and Albert came over
 and he brought that over with him.
 And then this image of their Christmas tree was published
 in London Illustrated Magazine or something.
 And then it really caught on, because they had this decorated tree.
 And so everyone got this decorated tree.
 But then it caught on in America a couple of years later,
 because it was in something called Godi's Lady Book.
 And it was totally innocent, by the way.
 But what they did was they took this picture
 and they popularized it in America.
 They thought that Victoria's tiara and Albert's
 moustache were too British, so they removed them.
 And this was like the early days of Photoshop.
 And that's how the Christmas tree got popular in America.
 Was a moustache-less Albert.
 Can I give you a story from the New York herald
 in the early 20th century about a cursed Christmas tree?
 Someone's allergic to cursed Christmas trees over there.
 Chopping the butt of a Christmas tree in prospect this afternoon,
 William Smith, a farmhand, nearly cut off his great toe.
 Angered, he threw an axe, and it broke a window with struck a child.
 In the face, inflicting a severe cut.
 Wow.
 Can I just say, you're all laughing at a child.
 It's a long time ago.
 It's a different time. It was a different time.
 Trimming the tree later, Mrs. William Scoville fell and broke an ankle.
 Indignant over the chain of events,
 Howard Scoville, son of the woman, insisted on doing the rest of the work himself,
 and while testing the candles, set the tree afire,
 and nearly burned down the farmhouse.
 Believing the tree bewitched, the father, Ambrose Scoville,
 threw it into the hog pen, where it fell on and killed a chicken.
 I find it amazing that people didn't die constantly from Christmas tree accidents,
 because before electricity became a thing, they were all lit by candlelight.
 And that was 50, 60 years of just being candles strapped to a tree.
 And they were decorated with snow made out of cotton.
 Yeah.
 So dangerous.
 You could get in the 50s, you could get, it was called flocking, wasn't it?
 You could get an attachment for your vacuum cleaner,
 which was like a gun to fire artificial snow from your Hoover all over the tree.
 Wow.
 At the candles.
 No way.
 That's so cool.
 I know, isn't it good?
 And you know, like you're saying, the Christmas tree with Albert and Victoria suddenly took off.
 That was the same for electric Christmas lights that we all have now around our tree.
 That was invented by a guy called Edward Hiberd Johnson,
 who was the right-hand man to Thomas Edison.
 People were putting candles on their tree.
 They kept burning down and he thought, okay, I'm going to, I'm going to try and make this a thing.
 And it just caught on in the next few years in America just so quickly,
 because it was just such a beautiful thing.
 And he died of an electric shock.
 No way.
 No way.
 It says citation needed on Wikipedia next to that.
 But.
 But it sounds plausible, doesn't it?
 Sounds plausible.
 Should we move on to the final fact?
 To the show?
 It is time for our final fact of the show.
 And that is James Harkin.
 Okay, my fact this week is the man who brought the phrase Merry Christmas to English
 was also the first Englishman to use the word Prosecco.
 Was it in the same card?
 Merry Christmas.
 I have invented Prosecco.
 So he didn't invent it.
 It was invented by some Italian people.
 Sure.
 But he was in Italy at the time.
 He was a traveler called Feins Morrison.
 And he wrote all about Italy and lots of different countries actually.
 And he was traveling around the time.
 It was in the 16th century, late 16th century.
 And it was kind of dangerous to travel around the world really, but especially in Europe.
 There was a time of kind of bad religious strife.
 And he would always, whenever anyone mentioned religion to him, especially around Easter,
 he would immediately move to another city to avoid inquiries.
 When it was in Spain, he pretended to be Czech.
 When he was in France, he pretended to be Polish.
 When he was in Netherlands, he pretended to be German.
 When he was in Italy, he pretended to be Dutch.
 Except when he was in Rome, and he pretended to be French.
 And he traveled without any funds.
 He didn't have any official protection.
 And so whenever there was any problems, he adopted a deferential posture and avoided eye contact.
 That's great.
 That's a good way to travel.
 Yeah.
 Sounds like me on a night out.
 I read something about Feins Morrison.
 This is from the Wikipedia entry on him.
 And I'm quoting exactly here.
 His biographer, Charles Hughes, says he had a sane charity for all men except Turks and Irish priests.
 Which is another way of saying that he was prejudiced against Turks and Irish priests.
 Yeah, he was.
 He was a man of his time.
 I'm sure.
 But also, no one had seen Prosecco before.
 This was, it was a drink that even Pliny drank.
 And it was also known as Pukinum.
 And then he said it was called Pukinum, now called Prosecco, much celebrated by Pliny.
 And when we say it's celebrated by Pliny, we mean sparkling wine, presumably.
 Yeah.
 No, I did the sparkling wine with that far back.
 Yeah, because with wine, its default position is often sparkling.
 We get the stuff which they've taken the bubbles out.
 Why?
 Why do these people treat us like children?
 Who doesn't want all wine to be sparkling wine?
 The children love busy stuff.
 Yeah. It's like grown-ups.
 But Prosecco, Christmas drink at the moment, the UK consumes 77 million litres of Prosecco last year.
 And I worked out that's in the region of the amount of rain that falls on Wembley Stadium in a year.
 Also, my favourite thing about Brexit, and it's a long list, is...
 Thank God, I've got a favourable audience.
 OK, so, no, but is that champagne can be sold by the pint again?
 So there's always been this weird...
 It's like, cos to me, which is that wine can only be sold in metric and beer can only be sold in imperial.
 But poll Roger always used to sell champagne by the pint.
 It was a bottle that was the size of a pint, wrapping a pint glass.
 Yes, yeah, yeah, a bottle that was the size of the pint.
 And Churchill loved poll Roger that was served in Pines. He said it was perfect for lunch.
 And actually, he...
 He actually had poll Roger the champagne manufacturers deliver him a pint of champagne at 11 a.m. every morning,
 because he was so such a fan of it.
 And now, poll Roger have explicitly said, maybe one of the advantages of leaving the EU,
 is that we'll be able to sell champagne by the pint again,
 and they're already preparing to sell champagne by the pint.
 So if you want to be optimistic about the future...
 This is it.
 Is that one of the battle buses we didn't see?
 Did you know, one of the first battles of the First World War was called the Champagne Offensive?
 No.
 So it was when the German armies were moving west through the Champagne region
 and lots of people at the time fled underground to the wine cellars.
 But basically, they learn their lesson in the Champagne region
 because when the German army arrived again in 1940,
 there were false walls built in the wine cellars to conceal the really good stuff.
 And supposedly, some houses like Bollinger mislabeled their really good bottles poison.
 They did it.
 It was a real front of the Second World War that we haven't acknowledged so far.
 I think there's a book called Wine and War, I think, which has first-hand accounts of winemakers in France
 who fought the Nazis by withholding their best wine.
 And they're so proud of it.
 So it's so sweet.
 So it was in the Champagne region,
 and there's one winemaker who bragged about the fact that he watered down his champagne
 before giving it to the Nazis.
 Or he would bottle his worst wines.
 This is in the Champagne region.
 He bottle his worst wines and say, "This is the special couvet for the Vermex."
 And there was one guy who said that we got orders from the Nazis to deliver them lots of wine
 and they made the foolish mistake of not saying which vintage wine they would prefer.
 And so we sent them 1,000 bottles of our 1939, which was absolute rubbish.
 And that absolutely taught them.
 I have a fact about wishing people a Merry Christmas.
 OK.
 So this was an experiment that happened in 1974.
 Sociological two sociologists called Philip Kuhns and Michael Walcott.
 They posted nearly 600 Christmas cards to people they didn't know.
 They got the addresses out of the phone book and they sent some high status cards,
 which were very lavish and fancy and somewhat low status,
 which were just plain white cards with Merry Christmas written in a red sharpie on the front.
 And they were either signed from Dr. and Mrs. Philip Kuhns or from Philip and Joyce Kuhns.
 And they included a return address saying, "Well, you can send them back to."
 So they were definitely for people they hadn't met.
 And over 20% of people sent a signed card back with varying degrees of detail,
 some said Merry Christmas, some said pictures of their families to people they had never met,
 some said letters of several pages saying, "What have been going on with them for the last few years?"
 I know.
 But six people wrote back and directly asked, "How do I know you?"
 Which is incredibly bauzy to me.
 I wouldn't have the courage to do that.
 What was that? 74.
 You can't imagine it would happen today, could you think?
 If you got a random Christmas card through the post, guys, would you respond to it?
 Well, a few liars, but most people say that.
 And my parents, they keep getting a card addressed to the caginaries, and we've no idea who they are.
 But they're right. It arrives like clockwork every year.
 Every year. And the family has grown. It's added several members in this time.
 And they never include the return address, and they keep saying, "We'd love to see you in their new year."
 Please, please get in touch with them.
 So Wendy, John, if you're listening.
 We need to wrap up, guys. Anything before we do?
 Some stuff on wine or, as you might know, whatever.
 In 2015, Scotland made its first homegrown wine, and it was described as undrinkable by experts.
 The guy who produced it said, "It has potential."
 It doesn't smell fresh.
 But I enjoyed it in a bizarre, masochistic way.
 OK, that is it. That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening. If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we've said over the course of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland. Andy?
 @AduhondaM
 James?
 That's James Harkin.
 And Anna?
 You can email pokos.qi.com.
 Yep, or you can go to our group account, which is @nosuchthing, or you can go to our website.
 Nosuchthing is a fish.com.
 It's got all of our previous episodes. It's got a link to our book.
 We usually give one away at the end of this show.
 So what we're going to do tonight is take one away.
 Thank you so much for being here, guys.
 I was really fun. We'll see you again. Goodbye!
 (Applause)
 (Music)
