 [Instrumental Music]
 Hello and welcome to another episode of "No Such Thing as a Fish" a weekly podcast
 this week coming to you live from the Hammersmith event of my party!
 [Cheering]
 My name is Dan Schreiber, I am sitting here with Annotasinski, Andrew Hunter Murray, and
 James Harkin, and once again we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite
 facts from the last seven days, and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with you, James.
 Okay, my fat this week is that in the 18th century London plays written by David Garrick
 and starring David Garrick would often be shown in theatres owned by David Garrick.
 They would then be reviewed by David Garrick in newspapers owned by David Garrick.
 Amazing guy, wasn't he?
 He was a man of many talents, apparently according to the reviews I read.
 So yeah, I mean, he ran the Dory Lane theatre, he was a great actor, a lot of you will have
 heard of him.
 He also had the St. James' Chronicle and the public advertiser, in the Chronicle it said Mr.
 Garrick was most extraordinarily accurate in every syllable which he uttered.
 And his spelling is really good, too.
 He was a really exciting character for theatre, he was someone who brought in the old, he championed
 Shakespeare, but he also was looking at new technologies to make plays more interesting.
 So for example, when he played Hamlet, he designed a wig that when the ghost of his father
 walked in, stood up on edge, he did change the way people acted weirdly.
 So before Garrick came along, then for instance, spectators would be on the stage, you guys
 would be up here with us, like during the performance into mingling and he said, "Let's not
 do that."
 No, let's not do that.
 Let's definitely not do that.
 Let's do that.
 He made actors come to rehearsals, which really pissed them off, he abolished the practice
 of people, audience members coming in at the interval for half price, so people were coming in the
 middle of Hamlet and then spent the whole time going, "So who's that guy?
 Why is she so upset?"
 But actually that was really, really controversial, wasn't it?
 There were riots because of that.
 So when he decided against the half price thing, he came on stage and all the people in the
 pit, so it used to be that you had rich people in the top and you'd have really poor people
 in the pit, or poorer people in the pit.
 Let's hear it from the rich people up there.
 They're all the same price.
 So he came on stage and the people in the pit said that he had to stop this half price thing,
 "Oh, bring it back," I should say, and he said he'd have to consult his business partner
 and he was booed off stage.
 Was this business partner David Garrick?
 That's him in massage.
 And then the actors came on and then they were also booed off stage and then finally, according
 to the article from the time that I read, "At eight o'clock the ladies were asked to leave
 so the house might be burnt."
 Whoa.
 Oh, that's so thoughtful.
 It's really, like the theatre was a riser's place.
 So the character, sitting on the stage thing, that was the result of a 15 year campaign.
 It took 15 years to get people to stop sitting on the stage.
 And there was also Garrick, the way he changed acting as well was very cool because before Garrick,
 and there was another guy called Maclin, who was a huge rival of Garricks, but before that,
 actors were basically stand with their feet at 10 and to shouting, essentially shouting.
 And Garrick was such a good actor because he paid attention to the other people he was on
 stage with, rather than just waiting for news.
 So James Quinn told that.
 But the reviews would say things like he even acts when he's not acting.
 There's blue people's minds.
 What does that mean?
 It means he pretended to listen to the other people on stage.
 He was playing a part.
 He stayed in character, rather than just going back to standing neutrally like a dummy waiting
 for his turn to shout.
 Oh, okay, right.
 Well, wondering off stage, when it's not your line, you just go and get a coffee and come
 again.
 Yeah.
 So acting did used to be very different, as we said beforehand, the leading actor, the
 greatest rival to Garrick was a guy called James Quinn, who was known as the bellower.
 And he was London's best actor because he had a very loud voice.
 And also, he was very good at gesticulating.
 So there were three hallmarks of great acting, number one, very loud voice, number two, excessive
 gesticulating, and number three, incredibly long pauses.
 So actors at the time were schooled in three different types of pauses.
 You had moderate, longer, and grand.
 Wow.
 Wow.
 He sounds like very much like Brian Blessed, doesn't he?
 He sounds so much.
 But was he not famous for killing people?
 I think.
 He was in a lot of jewels, Quinn.
 Yes.
 Right.
 Right.
 I read that he killed a fellow actor who mispronounced the word Kato as Kato on stage.
 What?
 I think that's fair enough.
 Dan, you would not have lasted five minutes if you've seen that.
 But that was, like, that did happen.
 So you mentioned Andy Charles McClend, who was Garek's rival, I think.
 And McClend once killed a fellow actor for borrowing his wig.
 That's harsh.
 Well, because he had that one that stood up, and not many people had.
 Yes, true.
 So we mentioned the riots briefly.
 Oh, yes.
 I just had a one theatrical riot I wanted to share with you guys.
 So this was in Dury Lane.
 It was in 1755, and a Swiss ballet master had brought a festival to Dury Lane, very exciting.
 And the press were furious because he had brought Frenchmen and French women onto an English
 stage, and they would live it.
 So someone in a gallery cried out that the dancers were disguised French soldiers, which
 obviously they were not.
 It was a ballet festival.
 And one of the actors shouted back, "I'm not French, I'm Swiss."
 And one of the protestors then shouted back, "Swiss, what the devil do we know of Swiss?
 A Swiss is a foreigner."
 And all foreigners are Frenchmen.
 So this went on for a few nights, and then on the fifth night, they just started the spectators
 to start ripping up the benches and destroying the chandeliers and destroying the scenery on
 stage.
 Constantly, we're doing it, tearing theaters apart.
 I don't know how many theaters are still standing.
 I think one of the most famous theatre riots was in 1809, and that was the Covent Garden
 theatre riots.
 Basically, the Covent Garden theatre had been burned down, and they thought we'll use this
 as an excuse to rebuild it and put up prices.
 And they also rebuilt it so that if you were in the upper tiers, you could only see the
 legs of the people on stage.
 And this really annoying people.
 And they properly rioted.
 So they had this chart, which was old prices, old prices.
 The noise was so bad that soldiers were constantly having to be sent up to restore order.
 The rioting lasted three months.
 And the audiences did things like they would bring live pigs into the audience.
 They brought rattles, they brought trumpets.
 They brought pigeons very often and released them into the auditorium.
 And they wore these badges with OPs, standing for old price.
 It was quite nice, but of merch for the rioters.
 In the same year as the Swiss riot, Garrix Theatre posted an advert in the press to try and
 find out who it was that flung a hard piece of cheese of near half a pound weight from one
 of the galleries last Tuesday night and greatly hurt a young lady in the pit.
 Oh my god, was it spelt greatly, like, GR80?
 Do you know that he went to, when he was at school, he was taught by Samuel Johnson.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, yeah.
 And this was in Litchfield.
 And Samuel Johnson had to start a school, basically, because he was not allowed to be
 a part of an already existing school.
 And the reason that they said is, it was feared that the way that he was able to distort
 his face all the time would scare the children.
 So they were like, your face is too scary.
 You can't teach here.
 So he set up, yeah, he set up his own school.
 And there were only three pupils at it, one of which was David Garrix.
 And then after school, they went to London together.
 That's...
 The school shut down, didn't it, because it had three pupils.
 Yeah.
 So then they went to London.
 Yeah.
 Can I just one more thing about a very exciting event in the 18th century, Theatre World.
 Another big thing was 1749 at the Haymarket Theatre.
 They were adverted all over London, that the bottle conjurer was going to be performing.
 And no one knew who this was.
 It's a mystery to this very day.
 But what was advertised was that, various things, it said that you could give him a walking
 cane on stage, and he would tap it and play the sound of any instrument you liked with
 his tapping.
 You could wear a mask, and even if you wore a mask, he'd be able to tell you who you were.
 And then the P.S. to resistance was, he'll have a common wine bottle on stage.
 He will go into it, and sing in it.
 And did you...
 So we would climb into the bottle?
 You would climb into the wine bottle, yes.
 And sing in the wine bottle, and during his stay in the bottle, any person may handle it.
 And so...
 This must...
 And I've seen some of your wine bottles, and they are pretty big.
 Why do they make them next so tiny?
 Otherwise, I'd go in myself.
 But this huge audience turned up, because it was a court, so which I think it was about
 a bit bigger than a normal wine bottle, a liter or whatever.
 But a massive audience turned up, including the king's son, lots of nobility.
 There was obviously a ruse, he wasn't going to climb inside a wine bottle.
 And so people got really pissed off, and so they went, and he didn't turn up, no one came
 on stage.
 And the benches were torn out, this was the Haymarket Theatre, Big Theatre, Scenery
 Totally Destroyed, Debris was dragged out of the theatre, and all of the stuff inside
 the theatre was set on fire.
 And one newspaper explained this the next day, the fact that the guy hadn't turned up
 and climbed inside a wine bottle, explained it by saying he had given a private audience
 beforehand.
 And we're upon receiving a demonstration of the trick, the viewer, as in that private audience
 had caulked up the bottle and whipped it in his pocket and made of.
 Of, okay, it is time for fact number two, and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that the main source for Sigmund Freud's work on paranoid schizophrenia
 was the memoirs of a man who made unbelievable and ludicrous claims.
 That man's name was Dan Schreber.
 Daniel Paul Schreber was his name.
 This is a guy he lived from 1842 to 1911, and he wrote a memoir, memoirs of my nervous illness,
 and in it he was kind of trying to show what it was like from the inside of someone who
 was having all of these thoughts and so on, published the book, and Freud picked it up,
 and never met him.
 They lived at the same time, but didn't want to meet him because he didn't want to be influenced
 by it.
 He just used the book.
 And that was the basis for a lot of his Freud's work.
 Daniel Schreber's book is still in publication, if you go into book shops, that memoir.
 It's how important it is.
 So Schreber thought that there were little men living inside his feet that were taking
 out his genitals and then putting female genitals in so he could have God's child.
 Yes.
 Putting female genitals into his feet or into the place where they're normally are.
 Oh yeah.
 But it was very hard to walk.
 Yeah.
 He was mad, wasn't he, Freud?
 Freud.
 Freud was, yeah.
 Not this guy with the vagina in his foot, I think he was fine.
 There were just so many things that were wrong about what he thought.
 So he had a lifelong fear of trains.
 They went for it and that was based on an experience he had in his early childhood which he explained
 in a letter 40 years after the event.
 And he explained to one of his friends that when he was three years old, he'd moved house,
 his whole family had moved house, not just him.
 And they'd moved, gone by train and he explained that he'd seen his mother naked on the overnight
 train and he thought, you know, from that experience, he'd been permanently traumatized
 by seeing his mother naked and obviously being sexually attracted to her.
 So there is an idea that he had this theory of the eat-up as complex.
 And now it's thought that maybe he had one, but it's not true that everyone has one.
 You know, he was almost not a psychiatrist.
 He first started the first paper that he ever published was on eels and it was his attempt
 to locate their testicles.
 That was what he was doing.
 He dissected 400 eels looking for their testicles, just was obsessed.
 He was like, they've got to be somewhere.
 And at what stage do you go, I've done 399?
 Yeah.
 400, 400 was the same.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Because he published the paper saying, didn't find them, but this was one of the great mysteries
 of the age.
 It was.
 We don't know who he was.
 So what?
 No one knew where eels bred and male eels only have gonads when they need them basically.
 So Aristotle said that eels came from nothing.
 That was his great theory.
 I don't like to do what a chance is.
 He sometimes said they came from the guts of wet soil as well.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 And some people said they came out of thash roofs.
 I mean, no one knew.
 So, but the thing was Freud, when he wrote this paper, he said, well, they must have all
 been female.
 That's the only explanation I can think of rather than that he got it wrong.
 And I read a great essay online which asked, you know, what, this must have been very
 formative for Freud, it said, we know now that Freud viewed most people's problems through
 a sexual lens, but was that lens tinted by the set of testicles he couldn't find a lifetime
 ago?
 Did his inability to locate the eels reproductive organs prove so prominent in his studies that
 he saw them everywhere he went in the manner that a rare car owner begins to see his car
 everywhere soon after driving it off the lot?
 So weird as similarly I've ever heard.
 He hated women though, didn't he?
 Maybe that's all about the eels testicles as well.
 He was the heinous sexist.
 So he said that women should be basically avoided because they were too susceptible to
 being seduced.
 He advised his friends against hanging out with them at all.
 He said that they have an ineptitude for serious life tasks that they are unstable, incapable
 of grasping their own unimportance and their people.
 He said nature's inclined them to be vain and he said the only thing that women contributed
 to society are a plating and weaving because women traditionally were, they did do a lot
 of weaving and plating and he attributed this to obviously their desire to have a penis.
 And so what he said was women are so upset about not having a penis that their plotting
 is expressing their desire to plot their pubic hair in order to conceal the fact that they
 have no male genitals on their face.
 It's a killer.
 What's interesting is, you say he didn't like women but it was a woman who actually helped
 him get to his biggest breakthrough in psychiatry when sitting with them and she was appropriately
 called Fanny.
 Fanny Moser was her name.
 He was treating her and he used to do it through hypnosis but he was a terrible hypnotist.
 You're unstable, you're weak, you wish you had a penis.
 So he used to do that, you're getting sleepy thing and Fanny Moser said actually I don't
 think I am and he was like no you aren't, I really don't think I am.
 So she just started talking and she was laying on the couch and kept talking and kept talking
 and he thought hang on a second, this is amazing.
 I'm actually getting stuff here that's real and raw and that was the game changer for
 him.
 In a way, the talking here was invented because a woman told him to shut the fuck up
 because she, honestly because he, because Fanny, he used to say his theories to her and
 at one point she just said honestly please shut up because without your comments I can properly
 let my mind wander and work out what's going on and he was like okay cool, I'll just
 step back.
 Yeah, while he saw sex everywhere, didn't he?
 He thought anything elongated such as sticks or tree trunks or umbrellas represented the
 penis. He said that walking up and down steps symbolise a sexual act.
 You guys in the circle?
 Sounds like it.
 What was his day to day like but he just saw penises everywhere.
 It must have been so distracting.
 Do you guys know what the first Freudian slip was?
 Oh no.
 No.
 So the first Freudian slip was a young man who said Xoriare, X nostris or Cibus Ulto, when
 as you all know, he should have said Xoriare, Alicuis, nostris, X, Cibus, Ulto, so I mean it's
 obvious isn't it?
 I think it's like maybe a loving at that.
 So basically it was the suppression of the word Alicuis meant that he must have had some
 association with that word.
 So he did a word association and said what does that make you think of and eventually got
 to a word which was Saint Genuarius and Saint Genuarius kept his blood in a file which was supposed
 to have turned into liquid once a year and then was solid the rest of the time and then
 the man confessed that his girlfriend had missed her period and so Freud concluded that
 he had blocked out this word from ten minutes ago because he associated that with the fact
 that his girlfriend might be pregnant.
 You shouldn't give your blood in a file, it makes the cardboard soggy.
 Have we talked about the cocaine, I don't think we have, a huge fan of cocaine.
 He experimented with it as a student believing it would alleviate his depression and anxiety
 and great news it did and he just started posting, it was this bizarre period where you were
 just posting cocaine around because it wasn't really illegal so he sent it to his fiancee
 to make us strong. She must have been plotting like mad after that.
 He gave it to his great friend who was called Fleischel because Fleischel was addicted to
 morphine and he said I know something that will cure you morphine addiction, try cocaine.
 Fleischel then became completely addicted to cocaine and he claimed it had been a success
 but it had not.
 One of the things he justified it with when he was recommending it to this guy whose life
 was ruined by Freud forcing cocaine on him. Freud said the wonderful thing about cocaine,
 the best thing about it is there is absolutely no craving for the further use of cocaine
 after your first take it or even repeatedly.
 Your seat number has been taken down but I was looking into with Freud just off the back
 of David Garrick I thought what did he do as hobbies did he go to the theater for example
 and I could only find one example and it was to see a guy who we've mentioned very briefly
 on this podcast before called Le Petalmaine.
 Le Petalmaine, the fighter, his act was to just fart on stage.
 What's interesting is it wasn't that he was eating generating gas and farting he was sucking
 air up into his bum and farting it back out so he discovered this when he was in the
 ocean and he was almost drowning he notices the ocean getting very slightly lower.
 As he was drowning he went and it went both in and up at the same time and he was like
 that's weird he came back to the surface he went to the beach and it all flooded out
 of his butt and he thought what's happening here so highlights of his act they involved
 the effects of cannon fire and thunderstorms from his bum.
 He could play Osolomio through a sort of rubber tube in his bum.
 I don't know that would you mind performing it?
 We know it as just one conneto.
 And that's who that's Sigmund Freud, the only example I could find of him going to the
 theater was to see the farting man.
 Well he was very into defecation.
 He thought that was extremely important.
 Freud was, yeah.
 Alright so was he going follow through, follow through?
 So he was convinced that obsession with defecation and obsession with money were related and
 he said that he was obsessed with money himself.
 He said money is like laughing gas to me, he loved being rich and he thought that being
 into excrement was something that transferred and later life into being into money and he
 said that like there's a constant association with them in our minds and because it's the
 contrast he thought between the most precious thing which is money and the least precious thing
 which is shit.
 And he also said it's because there's this perfect transition.
 So when you're in your youth, you're he thought erotically interested in defecation but
 not money and then as soon as that starts to recede you become erotically interested in
 money.
 And so he thought they were intrinsically related.
 Whoing and money.
 As we understand he was wrong about everything.
 My fact this week is that swordfish can speed up and slow down time with their minds.
 So this is this amazing thing that has been discovered about swordfish quite recently.
 So if you say speed up and slow down time and the end time is about how you're perceiving
 stuff right.
 The swordfish if hunting their time perception is about the same time as ours which means
 that they basically are processing all the images that are coming into their eyes and
 their brain is pressing that as fast as we do.
 So the experience time in the same way as we do but if they're not hunting then time
 goes about five times more slowly for them it all slows down and they can do this deliberately.
 So what they do is they heat up their brains and their eyes and that just makes them be
 able to absorb more information.
 So the faster you can see light coming into your eyes and all these images then the slower
 time comes.
 It's amazing and it means that they can hunt better right?
 Yeah exactly.
 So it's like a good kind of an analogy is if you swap a fly or you try to swap a fly
 then you're usually unsuccessful and that is because they are seeing way more frames
 per second than you are.
 So you think you've got really close but to them like it's like so easy.
 Like to a fly if they watch a movie it's just like a drawing and then a bit of a weight
 and then another drawing and then a bit of a weight and that's why we say time flies.
 No it isn't.
 Yes it isn't.
 I'm pretty sure it is.
 So what happens because I've actually swatted flies.
 Do I have access to faster time?
 No you're not a neo in this analogy.
 No it means that they just didn't see you coming but if they were to see you coming it
 would be like neo isn't it?
 It's like in the matrix you kind of see it slowing down and coming towards you really
 really slowly.
 And the weird thing is that they knew that swordfish did this thing with a heat up their
 eyes and their brains.
 They found that out a few years ago but they only just realized why and they did it by removing
 the retiners of freshly caught swordfish and they put them in a bath and they connected
 them to some electrodes to measure their response of those retiners to lots of flashes
 of light and they changed the temperature of the bath that the retinas were in and when
 it was in a hotter bath then their response to light was ten times faster so their response
 their ability to absorb lots of information and this is just a detached retina fully detached
 from the fish which is being eaten somewhere and that retina responded ten times faster
 to the light that was being given to it than if they were in a bath that was much colder.
 It is amazing.
 Do you know they don't stab their prey?
 I sort of vaguely assume that they would stab it.
 Because they have like a really long swordfish and they're sort of up a jaw and I just assume
 that they would cabab as it were.
 Yeah.
 I think the problem would be if you're a fish and you cabab a fish you can't grab it with
 your hands can you because you don't have hands?
 Very true.
 If you were feeding others if you went round as the cabab.
 If you are the cabab.
 Yes.
 That would be very nice.
 Yeah.
 So for a coffee party.
 Your waiter comes over.
 Yeah.
 What a party that would be where the waiter had all the food balanced on his nose for
 you.
 Yeah.
 I'd go.
 But the problem is their solitary fish so they can't do that.
 They can't eat off each other's noses.
 Oh, they're quite solitary.
 But they do.
 Yeah, they're very solitary.
 But what they do is, they did not know this.
 So they do their sailfish do this as well, another fish with a very, very long up a jaw.
 They slowly put their bill into a school of sardines or other smaller fish and then yeah,
 yeah, yeah, they thrash their head from side to side, sorrow, like sorrow.
 Yeah.
 And then they've, they've, they've injured enough fish in that.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, bit.
 And that they can catch them.
 They can then just eat them.
 I mean, it's amazing how they do that with the noses.
 Because they will slot their noses into a big school of fish that they've heard it into a big
 cluster.
 And the fish don't notice.
 So you can see the swordfish or the sailfish's nose sitting in amongst them, just wasting with
 all the fish coming around.
 They sweat out of their noses, but instead of sweating sweat, they sweat lube.
 Is there, what's the, what's the purpose of it?
 Well, it makes them really slippery and it means they can swim really, really quickly.
 Oh, okay.
 Yeah.
 That's a sexy evening where you go, did you bring the swordfish?
 Insistently.
 In the 18th century, it was believed that swordfish would dive out of the way if they heard
 anyone speaking Italian.
 So all the local fishermen spoke Greek the whole time.
 Wow.
 Wow.
 But we think what that actually was, it was basically an excuse for not catching them.
 So you have a cartony swordfish, oh, it's because, you know, Leonardo has been speaking
 Italian, that's why we didn't catch them.
 We're going to have to move on very shortly to our next act.
 Just one last bodily control thing.
 Yeah.
 So this is about heating yourself up.
 There are monks in Tibet who can decide how hot they are just through meditation.
 I mean, really?
 Yes, it's been tested and it's not like a huge difference.
 It's not as though they'll be dangerous to touch.
 But they can increase the temperature of their extremities just through meditation.
 They train themselves a bit of years and they're quite good at it.
 There is a report which says that if you put wet sheets on them, they could be dry within
 an hour.
 But I think that is not true.
 I think that's an exaggeration.
 Also, I think it's quite offensive to do that.
 I'm meditating.
 OK, it is time for our final factor, the show, and that is Andy.
 My fact is that in 1986, Waddington's invented a board game which was all about trading cattle
 semen.
 This is a real game, it's called "Grade Up to Elite Cow".
 It sells itself as a game of skill and chance for dairy farmers.
 And we have a copy here tonight.
 That's good, it says from two to 3,000 players.
 This was by the British Freezing Cattle Society and it's basically marketing for cattle farmers.
 It's like monopoly, basically, but instead of property, you collect semen.
 So there are various squares all the way round.
 There are risks and rewards.
 Here's one of the squares, "Accident to semen flask, all your semen is lost unless an insurance
 policy is held.
 Return all your semen discs."
 It's incredible.
 It's amazing.
 Has anyone ever played this, do you know?
 Lots of people.
 If you go online, I started googling, so many people have played it.
 Really?
 There's a great website called "BoardGameGeek.com" and they have a lot of reviews.
 Oh, nice.
 Cool.
 But the reviews are, I mean, no one really loves the game, but they love the idea of it.
 So one of the reviews was monopoly with cows and semen.
 The rules are quite complicated.
 You start with little cows and you go around the board and there are various semen companies.
 There's one thing, which is there's many pitfalls along the way as you're going around.
 So you can pick up those market cards that you get, sort of like monopoly, which will
 state stuff like, "This cow has persistent mastitis, seller at the market price."
 It's a thoroughly realistic game, basically.
 Is it?
 Well, yeah, I think so.
 I think that's very deceitful.
 You can't sell a cow at market price or a persistent mastitis.
 I noticed you didn't do this in Devon where we were last week.
 You've been picked out of town.
 That's true.
 So is it to help farmers?
 It doesn't help anything really.
 It's not helping anyone.
 But there are lots of more games where the point was to help.
 So they used to have very moral purposes.
 So the new game of human life was a 1790 classic and the aim of that was to be the first player
 to become an old man.
 That's it.
 Surely whoever's oldest at the start has that advantage.
 You have to move through the seven periods of life and accumulate moral observations along
 the way.
 Have you heard of Trump the game?
 No.
 That was quite a big one, actually.
 It was launched in 1989 with the tagline, "It's not whether you win or lose, it's whether
 you win."
 That's great.
 That's great.
 That's great.
 That's great.
 That's great.
 I hope it's on his gravestone.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 The head of Parker Brothers said, "It can leave you exhausted and feeling like you don't
 want to play again."
 Words later attributed to Stormy Daniels.
 Yes.
 Can I just, you mentioned the game of life, I think, the early version, and I used to play
 the game of life as a kid and it's amazing, but it actually started in 1860 and at that time
 it was called The Checkered Game of Life.
 It was made by this lithographer, so like an image printer, an artist called Milton Bradley,
 and he was very successful at the game of life, but the reason he had to make it is because
 he'd been very unsuccessful in another way, so if you've ever played the game of life,
 the reason it exists is because Milton Bradley made lithographs of Abraham Lincoln, and
 that was when he was a presidential nominee, he wasn't very well-known, and he didn't have
 a beard.
 They were clean shaver.
 Wasn't it like a little girl who told him to get a beard or something?
 It was.
 Yeah.
 So him and this little girl would have beef.
 So he sold these lithographs really well, and they were extremely popular, and then Lincoln
 suddenly thought, "I'll grow my distinctive beard that everyone will associate with me
 forevermore," and the prince became totally worthless, and this guy, Milton Bradley, went completely
 bankrupt, and then he grew to the game of life, and he was a very moralistic guy, so the game
 of life, if you've ever played it, has a spinning thing in the centre rather than a dice, and
 that is because dice were associated with gambling, and he was very Christian, and dice were evil,
 so he had a spinning tea totem, then it's not funny actually, it's evil.
 That's what it has, but it became super popular.
 Oh, this is something that I think we may have mentioned before, so during the Second World
 War, MI9, which is like the cool version of MI5 and 6, they smuggled escape kits to prisoners
 of, you know, Allied prisoners of war who were being held in Germany, they smuggled the
 escape kits inside Monopoly, and the other thing they did, they got in touch with another
 firm, and they distributed snakes and ladders kits with genuine escape equipment hidden
 inside.
 Not the actual ladders, you couldn't escape with others.
 No, it wasn't the actual laddy you could put.
 If I were a prison guard and someone had a snake and ladders kit delivered with an enormous
 spade within the box, I would notice.
 Yeah, but they genuinely did it.
 Amazing.
 That was invented by one of Anne Frank's schoolmates.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 And it was two people who invented guess who.
 They became a couple.
 They actually knew each other at that time as well.
 They used to walk to school together in the morning, but didn't go to the same school.
 And they ultimately invented not only guess who, but over a hundred board games, many of
 which we know the names of, or might have played, for various different countries.
 But they started, their very first thing was inventing a thing for the Borden dairy company.
 So they started by working for cows as well.
 But that couple, they, I think, got separated at one point.
 And they had to, well, the guy had to find her and, you know, he went to the police station
 and they said, "Does she have glasses?"
 And he said, "No."
 And they said, "Well, is she wearing a hat and a mask?"
 It's God, that was a long one.
 The Soviet Union had amazing games.
 Yeah.
 They were also very moralistic.
 So there was the game, tuberculosis, a proletarian disease.
 That was, look after your health, the new hygiene game, the abandoned where you had to round
 up homeless children and take them to an orphanage.
 And my favourite, healthy living, where you had to become the healthiest worker possible.
 So basically it was the Soviet Union trying to inculcate its values into people.
 So you would be penalised for consulting folk healers or drinking a beer at lunch or
 consulting with a strange woman.
 Wow.
 There you are.
 Crazy.
 We're going to have to wrap up soon, guys.
 There's a kickstarter where you can get involved at the moment.
 It's a board game and it's called Brexit, the board game of second chances.
 And third chances.
 And they say, "We invite you to relive that historic
 referendum, but this time you're in control."
 God.
 "On like no one being in control."
 It's like you've gone to hell.
 Honestly, if someone, if the devil said to you, "I invite you to relive that historic
 referendum and this time you're in control."
 You'd be like, "Oh cool, this is hell then."
 They say, "This is the absolute must have game to make all this political mayhem fun
 again."
 I'll just go one last thing, which is sometimes there are mistakes on board games.
 And in 2017, the makers of the Anton Dex Saturday Night Takeaway board game were forced
 to apologise after it was found to contain multiple errors.
 One question claimed that the moon is 225 miles from the earth.
 Okay, that is it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 Thank you, guys.
 If you would like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said
 over the course of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland.
 Andy.
 I'm Andrew Hunterham.
 James.
 James Harkin.
 And Shazinski.
 You can email polka.co.i.com.
 Okay.
 That's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much, Hammersmith.
 Good night.
 [APPLAUSE]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
