 (upbeat music)
 (speaking in foreign language)
 (upbeat music)
 - Hello and welcome to another episode
 of "No Such Thing as a Fish," a weekly podcast,
 this week coming to you live from the London Palladium.
 (audience cheering)
 (audience cheering)
 Tonight is also a very special episode for us.
 It is our 400th episode of "Gang!"
 (audience cheering)
 My name is Dan Shriver, I'm sitting here
 with Anna Tyshinski, Andrew Huntamari, and James Harkin.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days.
 And in a particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, and that is Anna.
 - My fact this week is that there's a 300 square miles
 section of America where all microwaves
 have to be kept in cages.
 (audience laughing)
 - Are they living microwaves?
 They're scary, like teethy.
 - Violent, yes, some kryptonite was spilled on them
 in the '60s and haven't been able to keep control of them.
 No, this is, they're kept in specific cages.
 I have misled you there slightly.
 They have to be kept in faraday cages,
 and that's 'cause it's in the quiet zone.
 So this is, the whole quiet zone
 is actually about 13,000 square miles.
 And across that, radio transmissions
 and all electromagnetic transmissions
 are really restricted.
 And within this little 300 square mile section,
 which is right next to this Green Bank Observatory,
 which is a few giant telescopes,
 which are really, really important
 for like seeing things from outer space,
 they need to have just no interruption.
 And that means no waves of any sort.
 And that includes, if you're microwaving a burger
 at two in the morning,
 that could convince them there's alien life out there.
 So it's gotta go in a faraday cage.
 - I've had a few burgers at two in the morning
 that would convince me there's alien life out there.
 (audience laughing)
 It is because of this observatory,
 although it also happens to be
 where the National Security Agency
 has one of its listening stations.
 - Oh. - Which also happens
 to be in the same area.
 - Wait, so what are they listening to?
 Are they listening to?
 - Well, they might need a lot of quiet,
 so they can basically,
 they're listening to any foreign transmissions
 that come into the eastern side of the United States.
 - Right. - So it helps them
 to be a bit quiet as well.
 - Interesting. - Wow.
 - It's for anyone who wants peace and quiet, really.
 - Yeah.
 - The NSA, these telescope guys,
 weird conspiracy theorists, quite a lot of them there.
 - I know, it's a big mix of people, isn't it?
 - Yeah. - Yeah.
 - Conspiracy theorists, you've got your people
 who believe that they suffer from a disease,
 whereby Wi-Fi interferes with them,
 and they sometimes have to sleep in boxes
 to get away from it.
 - They should come to the QI office.
 (audience laughs)
 - Oh, that was a joke about how shit our Wi-Fi is.
 (audience laughs)
 - It was, we had a few of the elves in the audience,
 and they would have loved that joke.
 - Yeah, also we invited our IT guy tonight.
 I know he's really shit.
 (audience laughs)
 Sorry, buddy.
 - It sounds just incredible.
 The list of restrictions there are,
 all because of this telescope.
 So there are various things that aren't allowed.
 You know, like lots of stuff about Wi-Fi
 is technically banned.
 Petrol-driven vehicles are not allowed
 because they have spark plugs.
 So if you fire them up, that might do something.
 - I thought this was so interesting.
 I did not know this, that if you are prone
 to sort of wearing tinfoil hats or whatever,
 and waves getting into your brain,
 petrol cars, terrible.
 Diesel cars, fine.
 Diesel is just compressed.
 I guess I never properly understood the difference.
 Just really, really compressed
 until it's hot enough to ignite.
 Whereas petrol, you know, it needs a spark,
 and that's giving off waves,
 and that's fucking with your brain.
 (audience laughs)
 - It's not, I just want to clarify, it's not.
 - And the members of the public who live there,
 so it's a very small population there.
 It's under 200 people that live there.
 - This is just in the tiny inner bit.
 - In the tiny inner bit, yeah.
 But they take it really seriously
 about how they have to make sure
 that nothing is messing with this telescope,
 to the point where there's almost citizen police officers
 that go around driving in their car,
 just looking every day for any kind of Wi-Fi signal,
 or any, there was a guy called Wesley Sizemore,
 and he used to just knock on doors,
 and just go and walk in and go unplug your microwave,
 turn your Wi-Fi off.
 Yeah, he once, amazingly, tracked down the radio frequency
 interference of a faulty electric blanket in someone's house.
 - Wow.
 - And he went into their house,
 and he confiscated it off them.
 - Just woke up a poor granny at three in the morning,
 and she got her awake.
 - There's a woman called Dr. Karen O'Neill,
 who works at the observatory,
 and she says that she has members of her family
 who never visit them,
 because the lack of Wi-Fi stresses out the teenagers.
 (audience laughing)
 - Yeah, that's why they're not getting visits.
 I'm so sorry, we'd love to,
 but the teenagers have to have their Wi-Fi.
 - Now, I think a lot of you are probably thinking like,
 okay, you have to put the microwave in a Faraday cage.
 The first thing I thought was,
 isn't a microwave a Faraday cage?
 - Yeah.
 - I thought that was kind of the whole point of microwaves,
 but what it is, is microwaves do have Faraday cages in them,
 but they often leak.
 - Yeah.
 - Okay, so you can test if you have a leaky microwave,
 so I tried this today at home.
 I put my phone into the microwave
 and got my wife to call me,
 and I still got the call.
 - What?
 - And I tried the one backstage,
 we have a microwave backstage,
 and I put my phone in there,
 and one of the elves called me,
 and I didn't get it,
 so this one is a proper Faraday cage,
 but my one at home is a leaky one.
 - So, hang on, doesn't that break the microwave?
 - No, it don't turn it on.
 (audience laughing)
 - Well, just, well, don't.
 - We should say, in case anyone else was confused.
 - Dinner tonight in the Harkin house.
 (audience laughing)
 - Cooked apple.
 - Oh, very nice.
 (audience laughing)
 - There's a guy who has a van called Emit,
 which is the electromagnetic interference tracking truck,
 which is a very forced acronym.
 But yeah, that might be who you were talking about,
 who drives around like the signals.
 It's got 17 antennae on it.
 - Yeah, well this might be the new guy,
 but there's a new sheriff in town.
 (audience laughing)
 - Yeah, 'cause yeah, Sizemore is retired,
 so there's a new guy who goes,
 and you can see photos,
 and it is like in the X-Files,
 that van that's just full of computers and stuff.
 Yeah, it's amazing, and they all think
 that it's part of the observatory
 that is messing with their lives in various different ways,
 so there was a mother who called in
 saying that she was getting interference on her TV
 because of the telescope,
 so it just said N-R-A-O on her TV,
 and she was like, "You guys are breaking my TV."
 So when someone came round,
 it turned out that that acronym N-R-A-O
 stood for not rated adults only,
 and it was because her son was trying to watch porn.
 (audience laughing)
 - Oh my God.
 - What a weird, people get imprisoned, I wonder.
 I mean, I know they don't, you get a small fine,
 but it's a strange crime to have done.
 - Yeah, it's a $50 fine, isn't it?
 But the truth is that due to the fact
 that no one has any money anymore,
 the police are not spending the time
 going around trying to prosecute people for this,
 and that means that actually most of the places
 in that town now have Wi-Fi and have microwaves
 'cause they know that no one's gonna do anything,
 and the observatory have kind of gone,
 "Well fine, we'll deal with it,
 "we'll work out what the background is,
 "and we'll kind of deal with that."
 The conspiracy theories who think it's fucking with their heads,
 they are not happy.
 - Right, of course.
 - No, they're the ones who are really upset about it.
 - Yeah. - Wow.
 - Yeah.
 - One ski resort, which they made an exception for,
 which seems nice, always nice to let the old wealthy skiers
 have a way around the rules that bind everyone else,
 but that's Snowshoe Mountain,
 and it advertises itself as an oasis of cellular activity
 in an otherwise total dead zone,
 and they got one of the, you know,
 cell companies to wire it up specifically
 so that it wouldn't really radiate any waves,
 but that you can still call someone on the slopes and say,
 "I've lost." - But that's really,
 it's really annoying, 'cause you will have,
 I guess, reception at the start of the run,
 but you're like, "Yeah, yeah, this run's going really well,
 "I'm just skiing down, hello, hello,"
 as you get further and further away.
 - I don't think it runs out, does it?
 They don't just put it on the peaks,
 that would be terrifying.
 - But I guess also once you get it in the ski resorts,
 then everyone's gonna want it, right?
 It's a slippery slope.
 - Oh my God.
 (audience laughing)
 - Yeah, so that whole area, you've got the ski slope,
 you've got the neo-Nazi area,
 which is quite a popular area there.
 Yeah, yeah, there's a lot of neo-Nazis,
 'cause basically, as we were saying before,
 it's kind of like people are going there
 for either to get away from technology,
 or they're going to a place where they can be a prepper
 and effectively get away from all this stuff
 and just live in isolation.
 So you've got the preppers, you've got the neo-Nazis,
 you've got the slopes. - Sorry, why are the neo-Nazis
 being dumped in with the preppers
 and the people who are afraid of technology?
 I know the people who are afraid of technology
 are a bit silly, and the preppers are a bit nuts, but.
 - And the ski slope is,
 I'm just listing all the different communities.
 - Why are the neo-Nazis there?
 - Everyone's got to be somewhere.
 (audience laughing)
 - It's so nice to hear someone sticking up
 for the neo-Nazis there, it's really good.
 - I will not.
 But my favorite one, just very quickly,
 is the Gazuntai Institute is there as well,
 which was set up by Patch Adams.
 Do you remember the brilliant movie, Patch Adams?
 - It was Rock Williams.
 - Yeah, I've recognized that's a sentence
 no one has ever said before, the brilliant movie.
 - So was he a real person, Patch Adams?
 - He's a real person, and he wanted to set up
 a hospital where it would be, you didn't have to pay,
 and they used humor instead of medicine.
 (audience laughing)
 And that's where that is as well.
 - And they just read that laughter as the best medicine
 and took it literally.
 - Yeah, he's a brilliant--
 - I have heard of him, actually,
 is he the one who goes around
 with the world's largest pair of underpants?
 - That is him.
 - That is him, right?
 - Yes.
 - And I think like the president of Costa Rica
 and the president of Ecuador
 have been in this giant underpants or something.
 - Yeah, you know him.
 - I know, yeah, I remember him.
 - Patch Adams, a legend.
 - You've seen the sequels.
 I don't think that was even in the film.
 - This telescope, just briefly,
 the actual Green Bank telescope, it is unbelievable.
 Okay, so I don't even really fully grasp this.
 It can measure the energy from billions of miles away
 equivalent to a single snowflake
 falling onto the surface of the earth,
 but at any normal distance.
 - It must be tough when the ski season's up, yes.
 - Oh my God!
 - Yeah, the energy that they're looking for
 is the energy from extremely distant stars like quasars,
 which are very, very bright, but they're a long way away,
 and they can pick up, the energy that they give off,
 all that gets to us here,
 is a billionth of a billionth of a millionth
 of one watt per square meter,
 which is why this telescope needs to be so enormous,
 it's two acres, the dish in capacity, in area,
 so that it can pick up those signals.
 Tiny things, they say, if you're on Saturn,
 if you find yourself on Saturn,
 and you put your phone on airplane mode,
 they can still detect it from there.
 - Wow, even on airplane mode?
 - Even in airplane mode, so you can't get away with anything.
 - I thought airplane mode was absolutely impregnable.
 - I'm afraid not,
 I'm afraid that's what the government wants you to believe.
 - Oh my God, I have to go!
 - How's anyone gonna give you a ring on Saturn?
 - Hey.
 - I reckon that's the last one of those I can get away with.
 - Oh, I don't know.
 - All I'm thinking is two, one, and I am.
 Challenge accepted.
 What a shame that that's such an amazing fact,
 but the thing that sticks out for everyone
 is airplane mode, you can still find us.
 - That's the amazing bit, though.
 And the Saturn bit, but largely the airplane mode bit,
 'cause you're not supposed to be giving off anything.
 And another cool thing about the telescope is that,
 so it's made of the huge dish,
 which receives all the radio waves,
 it's made of loads and loads of little panels,
 and it needs to be perfectly smooth.
 And actually, over the years,
 just the force of gravity
 would very, very slightly deform the panels.
 And so every panel has a tiny motor attached to it,
 which senses, and as soon as it deforms by, you know,
 a micrometer by the width of a couple of human hairs,
 the motor senses it and adjusts the panel
 to make it smooth again. - That's amazing.
 - It's pretty good.
 - Another person who had a telescope
 that needed a lot of work on it was William Herschel.
 He was a guy who discovered Uranus, and he was...
 - No, yeah, come on. - No.
 (audience laughs)
 No, I'm with them.
 Say the proper name.
 (audience laughs)
 - Herschel, is it?
 (audience laughs)
 So William Herschel, he discovered Uranus, or Uranus,
 and he was really obsessed with his telescopes,
 so much so that his sister, Caroline,
 spent her whole life basically polishing his telescope.
 And so now, I would accept Uranus, but come on.
 And also, he was so obsessed with searching for the stars,
 she had to feed him by putting food directly into his mouth.
 - Wow. - 'Cause he was so on it.
 And she's an amazing person.
 She basically was in Hanover,
 and then the French Army came in
 and they kind of took over Hanover,
 and then so William Herschel left there and came to the UK.
 He became an organist, and then she came over
 and he started giving her singing lessons,
 and then before long, she was a superstar in Bath and Bristol.
 She was singing five nights a week, she was massive,
 but then when her brother wanted to become,
 looking at the stars, she had to give it all up
 to just polish his telescope.
 - Wow. (audience laughs)
 - And but then in the end, he died in the end,
 and she took over his job,
 and she became famous as a discoverer
 of no fewer than eight comets.
 And for her 96th birthday,
 Honbo presented her with a gold medal
 for science from the King of Prussia.
 - Wow. - Wow.
 - How did the brother die?
 Did he die mysteriously as a result of having received
 no food for several weeks?
 (audience laughs)
 - We need to move on to our next fact.
 It is time for fact number two, and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that the musician Ray Charles,
 who was blind, used to fly to gigs
 because he thought it was safer than driving.
 However, he also insisted on flying the plane himself.
 (audience laughs)
 This is an extraordinary claim,
 and it's come up countless times from his friends,
 from his biographers.
 Supposedly, there was a plane that he used to,
 that he owned, and he would charter,
 and he would bring all his band on.
 He had a few planes in his career,
 and he used to have a pilot,
 who was a friend of his called Tom McGarrity,
 and when the plane had gone up and was at cruising level,
 he would get really bored and needed to pass the time.
 So there's reports of Ray Charles going into the cockpit,
 sitting down at the controls,
 and being handed over the controls from the pilot,
 and just flying the plane there for hours.
 There's even stories that maybe he landed the plane
 once or twice himself.
 - It's why they invented in-flight entertainment,
 I think, isn't it?
 - To keep Ray Charles.
 - To save pilot's lives.
 - Do you believe the stories, my question is that?
 - Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - You believe he landed the plane.
 - No, I don't believe he landed it.
 I do believe that he might have flown it.
 - It's so funny.
 - I mean, but I don't know enough about planes to know that,
 but there's Bobby Womack, for example,
 who didn't know that he would do that,
 was just sitting on the plane,
 and suddenly Ray Charles runs through the cockpit
 and takes over it, and he's going,
 "Is everyone cool with this?"
 And they are like, "It's an incredible anecdote."
 He says, "Oh, Jesus me, oh, dear Lord."
 He started praying, Bobby Womack.
 He said, "There's a blind man flying the plane.
 "This is nonsense."
 And the trumpet player of Ray Charles' band
 just told him to relax and said,
 "You don't need eyes to fly a plane."
 Everyone was on a lot of heroin at this point,
 obviously, by the way.
 - Including Ray Charles.
 - Including Ray Charles.
 - Yeah, they got there really quick.
 - Yeah.
 - What I find is that the closer you get to rail Charles
 for these anecdotes, the more it gets to,
 less that he was flying or landing the plane,
 and more that he knew how to do it,
 but he didn't necessarily do it.
 - Yes.
 - So it's interesting.
 - I don't know, if one of those inflatable things
 can fly a plane, then I reckon Ray Charles can.
 - Are you talking about the movie "Earth Plane"?
 - Yeah.
 (laughing)
 - That documentary.
 - That's pretty true to life, yeah.
 - Yeah, and I read his autobiography
 over the last couple of days.
 He doesn't mention it in there,
 but again, he does say that he would know how to do it.
 If worse came to worst and everyone else on the plane died,
 he would be able to land it without killing himself.
 That's what his claim was.
 - He feels like he's done it.
 I mean, what else has he done?
 Memorised it in a book.
 I don't think anyone would say they knew how to fly a plane
 if they'd memorised the text.
 - Okay, can I tell you his technique
 that he was gonna use then to land it?
 - Oh, God.
 - Oh, yeah, this is awesome, yeah, yeah.
 - So his technique was that he was gonna get all the dials
 'cause you need the dials to land, as well as your eyes.
 But you need the dials and he was gonna smash all these dials
 and he was gonna use his hand to feel
 the way that the dials are moving all the time.
 - Well, no, no, 'cause there's one specific dial.
 I don't know if this is still an airplane,
 which is the shape of an airplane.
 It's like literally an airplane.
 So he was like, I'd smash the glass
 and I would hold the airplane
 and just feel it as we're going down
 because that would tell you about the balance
 of the airplane and so on, yeah, so, yeah.
 So he would just, he would hold a toy airplane basically
 in order to land it.
 But he was someone who, if you were looking at other vehicles,
 he was someone who took charge of other vehicles.
 So his son said that there was one day
 where he was coming home in his Corvette
 and the driver got to an intersection
 and he suddenly said, get out, I wanna drive it.
 And the valley said, I can't let you do that.
 And he said, it's my car.
 And he went, oh, okay, so he got out.
 And so his son said they were sitting at home
 and there was this huge crash and they went outside
 and the car had totaled into the side of the house.
 - In fairness, what happened there
 is that he was on the clutch
 and he'd accidentally let the clutch go
 and it kind of jumped forward into a car that came past him.
 - So it's not even 'cause he's blind,
 he's just a shit driver.
 - Yeah.
 (laughing)
 - He started car adverts in the '90s.
 Have you seen that?
 - Oh, yeah.
 - It's a gorgeous car advert
 and it shows him driving on the salt flat.
 You tell us Great Salt Lake.
 So he's not on a road, there are no other vehicles around,
 but he's having a whale of a time driving away.
 It's lovely.
 And his driver, by the way, guess what his driver's name was?
 - I don't know.
 - Clarence Driver.
 - Oh, that's cool.
 - He had a long history of doing this.
 So the first time he took control of a car
 was when he was about eight
 and this was when he was at primary school
 and his teachers remembered him
 as kind of paid in the ass, I guess.
 Kind of rebellious.
 And one time at primary school,
 he managed to break into one of the teacher's cars
 and he went to a deaf and blind school.
 It was quite groundbreaking.
 It was the only one in Florida
 and he was sent there as,
 he was about five when he was sent there,
 five or six, wasn't he?
 Or maybe seven.
 - Well, he only went blind then.
 He went blind at the edge of about six.
 - Yes.
 And then his mum just sent him to the school
 and yeah, he went there.
 He got control of a teacher's car
 and he had one of the deaf kids sit next to him
 or sit on the hood of the car, I think,
 and bang with either his left or right hand
 to tell Ray to go left or right.
 - This is a Gene Wilder film
 and Richard Pire called See No Evil, Hear No Evil.
 It genuinely is.
 Yes, that's the plot of the film.
 - Do they end up like he ended up
 which was crashing into a tree?
 - Yeah, I think that happens quite a lot in the film.
 It's a pretty...
 - He also drove motorbikes from time to time.
 Definitely, this is in his autobiography.
 So when he was about 14 or 15, he was in Tallahassee
 and he would ride his motorbike.
 And the way that he did that,
 he would be in a big sort of area
 with nothing else around in the same way as the advert.
 But in Tallahassee, he would ride in this area
 and his friend would be alongside him
 so he could kind of feel him next to him
 while he was motorcycling.
 - So cool. - Yeah.
 - He was better at music than he was at driving vehicles.
 - Oh, he was quite good.
 Like, I don't believe that he was in the airplane.
 I believe he's in the airplane.
 I don't believe he drove the airplane personally.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - But if you read the biography,
 there's loads of stuff where he said at one stage
 and the pilot forgot to pull the flaps down on the plane
 and they weren't climbing properly
 and he could sense the problem.
 And he said, "You need to put the flaps down."
 The pilot went, "Is he wearing skies or is he Yoda?"
 - Yeah. (laughing)
 - There was another time
 when they were flying at 11,000 feet.
 Okay, the traffic controller had told them
 they need to fly at 11,000.
 And he said, "But I had 13,000 in my head.
 So I asked the pilot to check
 and sure enough, the controller had made a mistake.
 Maybe we would have had enough height
 to get over the mountains anyway,
 but I ain't want to take chances."
 (audience laughing)
 - Oh my god.
 - You got to play it slightly wrong.
 It's 30,000 feet in the air, I have.
 (laughing)
 - So he was really, really into aeroplane.
 Like, he really knew a lot about them
 and he was properly into them.
 But yeah.
 - He really didn't like the idea of trading
 on being a blind musician.
 This is something I find really interesting.
 And he, in fact, it has to do with the instrument he played.
 The fact that he was a pianist instead of a guitarist
 was because there were so many blind blues musicians,
 particularly who played the guitar.
 So there was Blind Lemon Jefferson,
 Blind Willie Johnson, Blind Willie McTale,
 Blind Blake, no other name.
 - This is non-negative determinism, isn't it?
 - Blind Kerry Davis, Blind Boy Fuller and Blind Joe Reynolds.
 All of them, you know, were guitarists.
 And so he said, "I don't want to be associated with that."
 He said it was as much an association with blindness
 as a cane to walk with the guitar.
 - Although he did, he loved the piano from the age of three,
 which really makes me think,
 "I've missed the boat in finding my life's passion."
 If that's when you've got to get it, he was three years old.
 And he grew up in extreme poverty.
 He really read about his early life.
 And he think, "God, I suppose I'll never complain again."
 You can imagine, like, a single mother,
 dad's runoff, very, very poor, black family.
 And he heard someone playing the piano
 in the shop down the road.
 And he ran through, he was three years old.
 He sprinted across, pushed his way through the door,
 jumped on his lap, and that was it.
 He started banging away and knew he loved it from then on.
 And when he went to school, when he was sent to this school,
 they would talk braille, obviously.
 And it was so hard to read piano music,
 'cause, of course, you can only ever play while sight reading
 with your left hand.
 So he'd have his right hand fumbling away,
 feeling the music while his left hand plays,
 and then he'd have to swap, and then he'd have to memorize it.
 And he could memorize thousands of pages like that.
 - Yeah, he was incredible.
 The braille stuff is really interesting,
 'cause he was very proud of the fact
 that he could get on normally while being blind.
 And so everything that he got was in braille.
 If a contract was sent to him and it wasn't in braille,
 he would refuse to sign it.
 - I think that's fair enough.
 It feels like someone's trying to do one over on you,
 if that's what they're sending you.
 - That's a good point.
 - No, but he got to see Ray, the movie, with Jamie Foxx,
 and they turned the script into braille for him
 so that he could read it and sort of fact check it
 and so on as it was going on.
 - They should have made a 3D film
 where he could feel the screen
 and they're bulging out of it.
 Why don't we have that?
 - Why don't we have a, I would.
 Could it be cost-effective?
 I don't know.
 - I don't know.
 - It's not very COVID secure.
 Everyone in the cinema, especially,
 everyone just groping forward at the screen.
 - And if you've got the seat,
 that's the top left corner of the screen.
 You're not putting any action.
 He was really good at chess, wasn't he?
 And he had his own chess set
 where the black squares were all raised slightly
 and all the black pieces were pointy
 and all the white pieces were round
 so he could feel which was which.
 - Yeah. - It was really cool.
 - Did you read about him playing Willie Nelson at chess?
 - Go on.
 - He played Willie Nelson,
 another great musician at chess.
 He challenged Willie Nelson to a game
 back in his hotel room or wherever he was
 and obviously Ray Charles was blind
 so he kept the lights off.
 So...
 (audience laughing)
 - You gotta save electricity, right?
 - To save electricity?
 What's the point of lighting it?
 So he thrashed Willie Nelson at chess.
 (audience laughing)
 And Willie Nelson couldn't fucking see what was going on.
 That's so good.
 Do you, you had this really weird thing
 which I didn't believe for ages
 but I've found enough sources
 and the guy seems legit.
 During the '90s, he got really bored of giving interviews
 but he had to give interviews for promotional purposes.
 So instead, he got a white guy from New Jersey
 to be him in all the interviews that he did.
 - No way. - Yeah.
 So this is a producer and writer guy
 who interviewed him, a new Ray Charles inside out.
 When they had their interview, Ray was so impressed.
 He just thought, this is incredible.
 We have to meet up again.
 And then there was this interview
 that was gonna happen with a guy.
 The interviewer came over and Ray called him up.
 He calls him his white Ray Charles, this guy.
 (audience laughing)
 And so he comes over and he says,
 I want you to do the interview as me
 and give all the answers
 'cause I can't be bothered doing it.
 So he said, okay, I'll do that.
 So he sits there and he starts doing it
 and the guy asks a question
 and he says, well, Ray would say that.
 And Ray said, no, no, no, no.
 Don't say Ray would say, say I would say,
 you are me in this interview.
 And they did this whole interview where he was Ray
 and it went so well that Ray said,
 we must do that again.
 And for a decade, virtually.
 - But not on television.
 - Not on television.
 This were all print interviews
 and people if they were calling up over the phone,
 he would do the interview.
 Has read this white guy from New Jersey.
 - That's amazing.
 - Yeah, that's so funny.
 And after Ray died, there was even a book,
 a photography that was taken by a personal friend
 who said to him, Ray can't write this book now.
 Would you mind writing it as him?
 He posed his death.
 He said, no, but yeah.
 - Is this where, did they have a fight at one point?
 Ray's saying, what's all this shit
 about me driving a plane?
 I'm glad you're stupid.
 - He did one really fun thing when he was a kid.
 He, like I say, he was like a bit of a lovable troublemaker
 is the impression that I got.
 And he used to love playing piano at school
 and there was another kid from,
 so the school was segregated
 and there were a bunch of white kids
 who got a better education
 and then the black kids basically like got less good,
 got less good equipment, all of that.
 And one of the white kids really wanted to come
 and play the piano, which was in the black kids'
 part of the school.
 And so this kid came up to Ray and said,
 I need to use a piano.
 You need to let me, you need to get off the piano.
 I need to use it.
 So Ray said, fine, you can have it.
 Just give me 15 minutes.
 And this was related by his best friend
 at the time who was a guy called Joe.
 And Joe said, I thought that was weird
 'cause Ray would never give up without a fight.
 And lo and behold, they were in their dorm,
 like, you know, half an hour later
 and the white kid comes up furious
 and Ray spent that 15 minutes
 unscrewing every single key on the piano,
 putting it in his bag.
 And they go, you said you're only one of the piano.
 - That's so funny. - That's so funny.
 - We've got to move on in a sec to our next fact.
 - I just found one other guy who can fly their own aircraft.
 - What, what?
 - Put an unusual one.
 - Yeah, like there's a lot who can fly.
 - Oh yeah. - What do you mean?
 - Quite a few.
 - Well, this guy was Pope Benedict the 16th, Dan.
 (laughing)
 Is that unusual enough for you?
 - Thank you.
 - You've got to work on the lead-in to that.
 - Now look, this, I mean, James,
 if you're skeptical about Ray Charles,
 the idea of Benny the 16th flying the papal chopper,
 I've only found it on the website called Catholic News Facts
 and it's only there.
 And I feel like they'd have given it more airtime
 as the Pope could fly a helicopter.
 - How implausible was it?
 Was he one of the sort of 17th century ones?
 I always find it hard to keep track of, was it at least?
 - No, he was the last but one.
 - Got it.
 - The last but one.
 - The last one, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - The one who resumed.
 - So what's the story?
 Is he-- - He can fly a helicopter,
 that's the story. - Okay, cool.
 (laughing)
 - Well, thank God we didn't move on
 before you got that story in there.
 (laughing)
 - Wow.
 - Now it's time for fact number three,
 and that is, oh, Andy.
 - My factor is the Pope can fly a helicopter.
 (laughing)
 (cheering)
 - Thank you.
 - Solid gold.
 - I know, my fact is there is a zookeeper in America
 who cannot change job because the bird he looks after
 is in love with him.
 (laughing)
 It's, this is such a sweet story.
 - I don't think it's very sweet.
 - Well, we'll get onto the real details in a minute,
 but the broad brushstrokes are very sweet.
 This was sent to me by a guy called Ali Bobson,
 so thank you very much, Ali.
 It's this brilliant Washington Post investigation.
 There is a crane, a crane to these very tall,
 very elegant birds.
 And this one is very endangered.
 It is a white napped crane,
 unbelievably rare and endangered,
 and it lives at the Smithsonian Conservation Institute
 in Virginia.
 There's a breeding center there.
 They had this bird.
 It was a female bird needed to be bred with
 to preserve the species, but it was a deadly bird.
 It allegedly had killed at least two previous partners
 rather than mate with them.
 It wasn't taking any shit, yeah.
 So problem, and they realized maybe it has imprinted
 when it was a young chick,
 it thought a human was its parent rather than a crane bird.
 So it is programmed to love humans.
 And so they got this keeper who is called Mr. Crow.
 Amazing.
 (audience laughing)
 Chris Crow.
 - Don't jump.
 - Jump, jump.
 (audience laughing)
 Sorry, it just sounds like it.
 - Chris Cross.
 - Chris Cross.
 - Don't get it, don't get it.
 But they loved it.
 And so they, in Chris Crow and Warner
 are now basically an item.
 And they have done a lot of work,
 breeding work together.
 (audience laughing)
 - And this is where it gets a bit icky, yeah.
 - This is where it gets a fraction icky
 if you're squeamish, yeah.
 - So he slowly earned the female cranes trust
 by sitting with her and touching her and all that stuff.
 And dancing, like dancing with her is the main thing.
 Like a lot of the cranes, before they get together,
 they do this kind of head bobbing dance and stuff.
 And he did all that with her as well.
 When no one was looking, he said.
 And now, basically, she will let him inseminate her.
 'Cause previously, if you had a crane
 and you needed to artificially inseminate them,
 you'd probably have to use that aesthetic,
 all that kind of stuff.
 She is well up for it.
 - Yeah.
 (audience laughing)
 - And he doesn't, we should clarify,
 inseminate her with his own seed.
 (laughing)
 And he does remain fully clothed throughout this process.
 He puts a different crane sperm into her cloaca.
 Actually, interestingly, the other crane is called Ray.
 - No, really.
 - It's a different one, different Ray.
 - Different Ray, yeah.
 (audience laughing)
 - The article you sent around, though, Andy,
 it does, like, as James says, it reads a bit bizarre.
 So, like, literally taking the words,
 it says, kneeling behind the bird.
 Oh, don't put that tone of voice on it.
 If you don't, wait a minute, like that.
 It'll make anything sound mucky.
 Crow rests a hand gently on her back.
 (audience laughing)
 Then he starts rubbing her thighs.
 Rhythmically, 30 seconds elapsed.
 Before Walnut steps away, it's called Walnut, by the way.
 (audience laughing)
 Walnut steps away from Crow,
 fixes a few out-of-place feathers,
 and then stretches out her wings,
 asking for another go-around.
 (audience laughing)
 - Dan, if this is your audition tape
 for my dad wrote a porno, it means a lot of work.
 - And then it says, "Crow then takes the opportunity
 "to inject Walnut with a syringe of crane semen."
 (audience laughing)
 Like every beautiful relationship.
 - But she keeps on wanting to mate with him,
 even though at the moment,
 they don't need any more eggs from her.
 But sometimes, he will just keep her happy
 by doing the massage.
 - And he gives fake eggs, doesn't he?
 - Yes.
 - 'Cause you can't give a social create eggs,
 but they don't need to be inseminated anymore,
 so they'll just sit and rot.
 So they have to chop the eggs out
 and put fake eggs underneath her
 to convince her that she's doing good jobs at night.
 - But then she gets tired,
 she gets tired looking after the fake eggs,
 which he has switched out.
 So he sometimes has to stand over the eggs
 and watch them for her,
 even though he knows they're fake,
 so that she can have a break
 from looking after these rubber eggs.
 - I feel it, it does feel like
 he's going himself into a bit of a bind, doesn't it?
 - I know, it's so funny.
 - Last we heard he was single.
 As far as human partners is concerned,
 he said in one interview,
 "Walnut sets the bar pretty high.
 "I'll never find a woman that's so happy to see me
 "that she just starts dancing."
 - It's so sweet.
 - It's like a roller coaster of sweetness
 and ickyness, isn't it?
 - He has cheated on her though.
 - What?
 - Yeah, he's inseminated two other cranes.
 - Okay.
 - He's got a type.
 I'm not denying that.
 - Are they in the same zoo?
 - Yeah.
 - Yeah, they are in the same zoo,
 but I don't think Walnut knows about so.
 - I hope she doesn't listen to this.
 - Yeah, but that would be terrible.
 - But no, he's now a kind of love guru
 for the cranes in this place.
 - Really, he knows it, yeah.
 - And apparently the way the cranes flirt
 most effectively, aside from this dance,
 is by picking up nesting material,
 'cause showing that you want to build a home together,
 aw, again, we're back into sweet,
 sort of in a 1950s kind of way.
 - Have you ever tried going on a date around John Lewis?
 It's very, it's sexy stuff, yeah.
 - It's much like that,
 except that John Lewis saw the sticks and twigs,
 bits of grass.
 - Yeah, there are, I mean, this is not the first,
 Chris Crowe did not invent this
 in case anyone was looking for, you know,
 this is not the first human crane marriage, as it were.
 The real daddy of this,
 I regret saying daddy already.
 There's a scientist called George Archibald,
 who is a don of the crane world.
 He founded the International Crane Foundation.
 Just to give you an idea, he's pretty big in Crane Town.
 And he, in 1976, there was a bird called Tex,
 which again needed to be mated with to preserve the species.
 And he moved in next to her for three months,
 as in he put his bed next to her area where she lived,
 mimicked her dance moves from five a.m. every morning.
 - Wow, wow. - Was truly dedicated.
 And they built a nest together.
 And they worked together for, worked together for...
 (laughing)
 - She's my colleague, darling, honestly.
 I just have to be in the office early again.
 - I think he might have invented the practice
 of dressing up as a crane,
 which you now have to do to feed chicks
 so that this problem doesn't perpetuate itself,
 so that the chicks don't imprint on humans.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - Well, you dress your hand up as a crane for the feeding,
 don't you? - Yeah, it's interesting.
 - You get like a glove puppet.
 - Like you're in like a full white hood, aren't you?
 And then you have like the bird's hand.
 You're not like Rod Hull.
 If he joined the KKK, that's what it would look like.
 - He moved to that little community
 in Green Valley, the observatory.
 And you can never say a word.
 You can't speak words to them when you're in the robe.
 You have to make crane noises, obviously.
 - How do they, do you know how they sound?
 Just out of curiosity.
 - I don't know.
 (laughing)
 - No.
 - 'Cause they're like, I didn't realize
 I didn't know cranes that well up until this fact.
 They're massive.
 - Yeah, they're huge, they're huge.
 - They can be up to six foot, six tall.
 Like that's a big ass bird, right?
 - Yeah.
 - They're the biggest, biggest flying ones,
 tallest flying ones, aren't they?
 Obviously you've got the shit ones
 like the ostrich that don't count anymore.
 (laughing)
 - Yeah, that's right, they fly so high.
 - Yeah.
 - They can get like 30,000 feet in the air.
 - Well, they're very tall, yeah.
 (laughing)
 - Their legs are still on the ground
 for a lot of that time.
 - That's true.
 That's amazing, isn't it?
 And there's a lot of mythology around them
 because they can fly so high
 that they disappear from your actual eyesight.
 You can't see them.
 But their voices still at that height
 are so booming that you can hear them.
 So it's a sort of like, oh, there's a crane in the air.
 - They make a lot of noise, don't they?
 Their track here is as long as they are.
 But it kind of winds around a little bit,
 but they make this huge booming.
 Not like, and he's, "Wah!"
 - Yeah.
 - It's more like, "Wah!"
 (laughing)
 - Neither of you is successfully seducing a crane,
 is my judgment.
 - We'll get lettuce.
 - Yeah, so they need to fly high to migrate.
 They're big old migrators.
 And there's an issue now,
 'cause a lot of them are very endangered, like you said.
 And I think certain cranes at the Hooper Cranes
 were down to almost single figures in about the 1940s.
 But their populations have gone up.
 It's been like quite a success story of conservation.
 But the way they've gone up is by humans raising them.
 And this has a slight problem
 where if their parents aren't raising them,
 they're not really evolving to know their migration routes.
 So there's been a couple of people
 who have had to migrate with them.
 And they do this by,
 I don't know if anyone's seen the film, Fly Away Home.
 But it's basically that.
 So you get a microlight for anyone who hasn't,
 like a little light aircraft.
 And you still have to be dressed up as a crane.
 So I don't know what the crane fucking thinks now.
 - I think the Pope did this once, didn't he?
 (audience laughing)
 So do you have to stay in costume when you're flying?
 - Yes, so now the cranes all think
 that their leading crane knows how to fly a microlight.
 And the first person who did this was a guy called Kent Clegg,
 who was like Nick Clegg's very much cooler older brother,
 biologist and a craneer in the '90s.
 And yeah, he flew with them, it's an 850 mile journey.
 And he flew with them down from basically Idaho,
 which is on the Canadian border basically, to New Mexico.
 And others have been doing it still, but...
 - I think in 2015, the US decided
 that they were gonna try and stop doing it
 because of the problem of,
 that the cranes learn better from other cranes basically.
 So now that there's quite a lot more of them,
 they're in the hundreds now, they're thinking let's phase it out.
 - Yeah, well, they basically weren't mating.
 The whole point of migrating is to go up and mate.
 So you fly to have kids up in Canada or whatever,
 and so they flew them there,
 but then the humans didn't know how to show them how to mate.
 - Send for crew!
 (audience laughing)
 - Just awkwardly making conversation
 with each other for three months and then going home.
 - There's a really prosaic example of that,
 teaching the cranes what goes on.
 It's like you're raising them as a person in a costume
 with a glove puppet, a weird glove puppet on your arm,
 and you're not allowed to speak,
 but also they are taught to be afraid of foxes
 because that's not instinctive to them.
 So they have to be taught.
 And the way you teach them is to dress up dogs as foxes
 and get them to harass them.
 - Oh really? - Yeah.
 - This is so the humans are dressed as cranes.
 (audience laughing)
 Who's dressed as a fox?
 The dogs are dressed as foxes. - The dogs are dressed as foxes.
 - The cranes are dressed, who's the cranes dressed as?
 They're all dressed as the Pope.
 (audience laughing)
 - Is the weirdest nativity ever, isn't it?
 - They're amazing.
 But they're back in the UK.
 This is a huge victory for conservation.
 They are the first crane egg laid in Britain
 since about the year 1600 was in 2013.
 And it was given a 24 hour guard 'cause it was so precious.
 And now the numbers are rising in the UK
 and it's a huge success story, so it's really good.
 - Yes, great.
 - They've done a fabulous job on it.
 - Yeah, amazing. - It's a hooray for Chris Crow.
 (audience cheering)
 - Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show
 and that is James.
 - Okay, my fact this week is that Bill Gates
 is responsible for putting chips in up to 80% of Americans.
 (audience laughing)
 - You're right.
 Get to that quiet zone in America, James,
 where you belong.
 - What websites have you been on, James?
 - Well, I learned this fact from an anonymous video
 posted on Facebook.
 (audience laughing)
 - No, of course not.
 - That's why I got the Pope helicopter thing.
 - No, of course not.
 So this is a story from a few years ago
 that Bill Gates has bought up hundreds and thousands
 of acres of land in America.
 On that land, he grows potatoes.
 He sells those potatoes to McDonald's
 and they sell chips
 and Americans put them in their face holes.
 And so 80% of Americans up to have got chips from Bill Gates.
 - So good.
 (audience applauding)
 - There we go.
 - Yeah, it's incredible.
 - And of course he does it in the vaccines.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - Thank you.
 - Yeah.
 (audience laughing)
 But yeah, he's one of the few people in the world
 who has a McDonald's gold card.
 And I don't know if it's connected to this.
 - What's that?
 - McDonald's gold card is where you can go
 to any McDonald's, you hand it in,
 and no matter what you've ordered,
 they give it to you for free.
 - Oh, thank God.
 'Cause otherwise, how would he be able
 to afford a Big Mac?
 (audience laughing)
 - Well, they do that, so we don't have it in the UK.
 What we have is the Nando's Black Card,
 which is quite a famous card,
 which I've experienced a couple of times.
 It's like, I have, yeah.
 Couple of friends of mine have had it.
 So Tom Davis, who is a King Gary, he once had it.
 He applied for it.
 He got brought in front of the chicken council.
 - Stop.
 - Yeah, no, stop.
 And he had to, are they dressed as chickens?
 Or are they, had he had to make his case
 to the chicken council?
 - First of all, he stands behind the chicken,
 (audience laughing)
 caresses the thigh.
 (audience laughing)
 - And then I had another friend who,
 and bear in mind, like, Ant and Deck had to share one.
 That's the story going on.
 - It's so nice.
 - He's a hell of a rare, the Black Card.
 - They go everywhere together.
 What's the point of giving them two?
 - Yeah, there's no part giving them two.
 - Yeah, that's true, yeah.
 - Well, that's what keeps them together,
 is just the Black Nando's card.
 They've hated each other 20 years.
 - But so, he has this gold card,
 and only quite a few Americans have it,
 the McDonald's card.
 - I think it's not related.
 I think that's just because he's really rich.
 - Fair enough.
 - Oh. - Fair enough.
 - He gets involved in some funny old games, doesn't he?
 'Cause since he became the richest man in the world,
 and then started, he just started investing
 in lots of things, but also, obviously,
 huge amounts of, you know, very worthy stuff,
 and trying to beat malaria and this kind of thing.
 In 2009, he paid $50 million to circumcise 650,000 men.
 (audience laughing)
 - Okay, you gotta give that some context.
 Otherwise, it feels like it's not fair on him.
 - It was a project attempting to curb HIV,
 because there are studies, some studies that show
 that circumcision lowers the risk of becoming infected,
 and he funded the program.
 - Ah, so he wasn't literally there.
 - No, he insisted, that's part of it.
 He said, "I'm gonna give you $50 million,
 "but I wanna do them all myself."
 (audience laughing)
 And he asked to keep them.
 It was weird.
 Yeah.
 He was, there were a lot of protests against this.
 - Yeah.
 - I mean, various people saying this is not the way
 to defeat HIV or AIDS, and also,
 the Canadian Foreskin Awareness Project got in touch,
 and they campaigned against him saying,
 "No one on earth is more detrimental to Foreskin
 "than Bill Gates."
 (audience laughing)
 They called him Foreskin Enemy Number One.
 (audience laughing)
 Yeah, it was incredible.
 Their leader is a charismatic man called Glenn Callender.
 He challenged Bill Gates, right,
 'cause Bill Gates was paying for this thing.
 He said, "If you put Bill Gates in a four-by-four
 "meter room with me and my Foreskin for exactly 44 minutes,
 "he will emerge convinced that the circumcision is wrong."
 - I would like to see him put in a room with him,
 but his Foreskin isn't in that room.
 (audience laughing)
 How do you do that?
 (audience laughing)
 Have to be through a letterbox or something.
 - Yeah.
 - Wow.
 - Anyway, he's a hero.
 - Yeah.
 - Foreskin Awareness Project.
 - No, you're aware.
 - Yeah.
 - Yeah, I am aware.
 He was asked about the potato farms on Reddit,
 'cause they said, "Is this part of your climate push?"
 And he was saying, "No, no, it's just part of investment,"
 'cause he's made so much money outside of Microsoft.
 Microsoft is obviously a big part of his wealth,
 but a huge amount really is the other investments,
 and it's someone else who does the investing for him,
 so he has what he calls the Gateskeeper,
 who is someone--
 - Brilliant.
 - Yeah, who turned, so there was $5 billion that he had,
 which turned it to $82 billion in the time
 that this guy has made investments.
 So all these different companies and stuff.
 - Easier, isn't it, when you're starting with $5 billion?
 Let's face it.
 (audience laughing)
 - Yeah, that's true.
 His farm is 100 Circles Farm,
 or one of the farms that he has is 100 Circles Farm,
 I think is the one that supplies McDonald's.
 And it's really cool in America, we don't have this,
 but when you look at America from above,
 from the ISS, in fact, the farms are all circles, aren't they?
 In that particular, I think it's like a Great Plains area,
 then it's perfect circles.
 It looks like giant crop circles,
 and it's just completely transformed American farming,
 I think, when it happened.
 It's basically center pivot irrigation,
 which is like when you get one of those things
 in your garden that spins around in a tiny garden,
 it's like a giant, giant version of that.
 And yeah, it basically transformed
 a completely unfertil, useless bit of land into McDonald's.
 - It is amazing when you fly over it.
 And they reckon that, okay,
 that it's not the climate change thing,
 but he is saying that he's financing them
 to find more productive seeds,
 and try and improve agriculture
 to maybe help people to farm in Africa.
 That's one of his excuses.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 Do you know this isn't the first time
 that he's worked with French fries?
 - Okay.
 - In the '90s, he, do you remember Microsoft?
 Bob, the little system.
 - Oh, yeah.
 - Bob was a disaster of a product.
 It was meant to be something
 that hand walked you through every single moment,
 and Clippy was invented for it.
 - Was it like, it was like a room or something,
 and you clicked on a little bit,
 and it would take you to the word process,
 and you click there and it takes you somewhere else.
 Is that right?
 - Exactly, and there was a dog called Rover,
 and there was Comic Sans was created for it.
 We've mentioned it on the podcast before.
 - This is actually giving me no impression
 of exactly what it was, but--
 - It was just a very easy way
 to navigate basically Microsoft Windows,
 and the leaders on that project,
 on that failed project,
 was two people called French and Fries.
 - No.
 - Oh, yeah.
 So Melinda French, who then became Melinda Gates,
 his now ex-wife, and Karen Fries,
 who was the leader on the project,
 and yeah, so yeah, it's really cool.
 - Do we know if that's what inspired him
 to do the whole McDonald's thing 40 years later?
 - He's not commented, no.
 You can do, when you've got Gates money,
 you can do whatever weird shit you like.
 So in 2016, he offered 100,000 chickens
 to various countries, including Bolivia,
 and he got a rare refusal.
 - Ouch. - Yeah, Bolivia said,
 we breed 195 million chickens a year.
 We do not need a share of 100,000 chickens
 that Bill Gates is providing us.
 This is incredibly patronizing.
 - I don't know.
 That's kind of locking the gift chicken in the mouth,
 isn't it?
 - Well, you know, I kind of understand.
 If you've got that many chickens already, it feels like.
 - Yeah, okay, I want to have a chicken.
 Has anyone seen, this is about Microsoft,
 and it's something that our colleague,
 Alex, showed me recently,
 but if you have an hour and you're,
 so you've never been more bored in your life
 and you've watched everything else on television,
 it's the Windows 95 instructional video.
 Have you seen this? It's a sitcom.
 - Oh, it's a sitcom, really?
 - But the Microsoft guys wrote it,
 and it stars at the height,
 as their fame was just starting,
 Jennifer Aniston and Matthew Perry.
 - No.
 - Basically, as Rachel and Chandler,
 it's like the most excruciating hour of your life.
 Well, to be fair, the second half hour
 is just like instructions for how to use it.
 The first half hour is a script
 that really makes your genitals shrivel back up
 inside yourself as you're watching.
 It's, I mean, there's some quite sleazy moments.
 Well, quite a lot of people pervy on Rachel.
 There's a classic line from Chandler.
 They're ordering Chinese food,
 and someone suggests they order Mushu pork.
 Chandler says, "You know what's interesting
 "about Mushu pork?
 "It's only good when it's together."
 'Cause moo, not good.
 And shoo, definitely not good.
 But Mushu, that's good.
 (laughing)
 - You made Dan laugh there, or something?
 (laughing)
 - I think it's on your level, actually.
 - You might really like it.
 - Classic Chandler.
 (laughing)
 - It's pretty painful stuff.
 - Wow, never heard of that.
 He was in "Frasier" as well.
 - Was he?
 - The second bit huge '90s sitcom.
 He's apparently ruined.
 (laughing)
 - What we talked about on the episode was your--
 - But I don't think we mentioned that on the episode,
 actually, yeah, and he was like,
 was he a fan of "Frasier" or something?
 - He's a fan, and he turns up to do an interview with "Frasier",
 but then people just call into the "Frasier" crane show
 asking for technical support with Microsoft products.
 It's pretty funny, actually.
 - He did do that once, didn't he, in 1989,
 when Microsoft, they weren't massive,
 but they was getting pretty big.
 And he was quite famous at that time.
 He walked into a support facility,
 and he just sat down, put the headphones on,
 answered a call, "Hi, this is William.
 "How can I help you?"
 And sure enough, he managed to fix the problem
 'cause he's Bill Gates.
 And this is on a blog on the company's website,
 so, you know, but apparently he was so good
 that when the customer called back later,
 they said, "I'd like to speak to that nice man
 "called William, who straightened it all out."
 - Well, why were they calling back?
 (audience laughing)
 - That's an excellent question.
 - He stood out from a really early age,
 his abilities, coding abilities.
 Like, he was a super smart guy.
 People often point out that he didn't get a university degree,
 so hope for everyone, but he did go to Harvard
 and was basically too smart to bother finishing
 'cause he was starting to build his own company.
 But when he was at school,
 he went to one of the only schools in the area
 which had its own computer, one computer.
 And the teacher spotted he was super good at coding,
 and so they asked him to write the school's computer program
 to schedule all the students' classes
 and put them all in the right classes.
 - Wow.
 - And so he modified, this is him age 15 or whatever,
 maybe a precious thing's to come.
 He modified the code in order that he was placed in classes
 with a disproportionate number of interesting girls.
 (audience laughing)
 - Feels like interesting's not being used
 in its traditional sense though.
 (audience laughing)
 Wow.
 Actually, another, the school that just had one computer,
 another kid once asked,
 sort of tried to kick him off the computer,
 and he said, "Okay, you can have it in 15 minutes."
 (audience laughing)
 - It's a keys joke, isn't it?
 - It's a keys joke.
 - It's good.
 - You know, Microsoft Minesweeper,
 any Minesweeper fans in?
 - Oh yeah.
 - Any wasted hours?
 - Yeah.
 - Minesweeper crew are in.
 He, it was put on Windows in 1990
 and everyone at Microsoft was addicted to it.
 Everyone loved Minesweeper 'cause it's great.
 And he uninstalled it from his computer,
 but he was so addicted that he would sneak into
 the vice president's office after work.
 He was so addicted.
 He had the company record.
 He could do the beginner mode,
 you know, it was a little like 10 by 10.
 - Oh yeah.
 - Beginner mode in five seconds.
 - Can't you just luckily press someone
 and they all just kind of,
 just luckily is in the right place.
 Occasionally you can do that.
 I think if you get lucky.
 - Five seconds is pretty good.
 - Five seconds is amazing.
 - But the firm's product manager was Bruce Ryan
 and he wrote a computer script,
 which could do it in four seconds.
 And Bill Gates is not a good loser
 because when that happened,
 he sent out an email to all the staff saying,
 "When machines can do things faster than people,
 "how can we retain our human dignity?"
 (audience laughing)
 - Do you know he's only got one scientific paper
 that is published under his name, Bill Gates.
 And it's a possible solution to a mathematical problem
 about flipping pancakes.
 - Tell us more, Dan.
 - Well.
 - 'Cause this is quite complicated.
 - It's so complicated that I was hoping
 to just lob it your way and then bring it back.
 But basically it is a mathematical problem,
 which is very intense and it involves
 how can you flip a number of things
 that are out of order and make them flip.
 - Yeah, so if you have a big pile of pancakes,
 they're all different sizes,
 and you can put your spatula under any one of them
 and turn them upside down.
 How many times can you do that so that when you're finished,
 they start with the biggest one
 and they end with the smallest one?
 - Yeah.
 - Okay. - And why are you doing this?
 (audience laughing)
 - I'll send that back over to you, Dan.
 - Yeah.
 (audience laughing)
 - Are they sweet or savory?
 (audience laughing)
 - Sorry, back to James for that one.
 (audience laughing)
 - There is one version that they worked on
 called the burnt pancake problem,
 where, again, we don't know if they're savory or sweet,
 but we know that on one side they're burnt,
 and apparently that makes a big difference
 to the problem.
 - It certainly does make a big difference.
 (audience laughing)
 But not only are they the wrong size,
 they're now burnt on one side.
 I'm contacting the kitchen.
 So he did this while he was at Harvard,
 and the professor, he was one of the names
 on the paper with a few other,
 and it was a couple years before the paper
 was accepted and published.
 And he called Bill Gates, the professor,
 and he said, "Good news, our pancake flipping paper
 "has been accepted and it's gonna be published."
 And he said, "Bill Gates seemed really disinterested
 "in the fact that this was happening,"
 and that he was now working in a company in New Mexico
 that was writing code for microprocessors.
 And the professor said, "I remember thinking,
 "ah, such a brilliant kid, what a waste."
 (audience laughing)
 That's so good.
 We're gonna have to wrap up and it's like, guys.
 - Can I just study about his house quickly?
 - Yes.
 - Known as Zanadu 2.0.
 - Oh, yes, it's a semi, isn't it?
 Semi detached, three bed.
 Yeah, it's nice.
 - Very humble.
 It's a shared garden, one of those.
 Situations.
 It's got, I just don't understand this,
 it's got seven bedrooms and by one count,
 18.75 bathrooms and by another count, 24 bathrooms.
 It also has, well, according to a book hero in the '90s,
 one of the elements of which was describing his ideal home,
 it has guests get a badge when they enter that they wear
 and they put in their temperature
 and lighting preferences on their badge.
 And then whenever you walk into a new room,
 it automatically adjusts the temperature and lighting.
 And I don't know what it does
 if two of you walk into the room at the same time.
 - That is, yeah.
 - That's, oh my God.
 - I would hack the badges to murder people
 and that would be my plot.
 - What?
 - Why?
 - Why?
 (audience laughing)
 - Who likes having guests, really?
 (audience laughing)
 I'd send it to 1,000 degrees.
 (audience laughing)
 - Yeah.
 - A little paperclip turns up,
 it looks like you're trying to kill, kill, kill.
 (audience laughing)
 Okay, that is it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you.
 (audience cheering)
 Thank you so much, thank you.
 (audience applauding)
 Thank you, guys.
 That is it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you would like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we have said
 over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Shriberland, Andy.
 - @AndrewHunterM.
 - Jens.
 - @JamesHarkin.
 - And Anna.
 - You can email our podcast at qi.com.
 - Yep, or you can go to our group account,
 which is @NoSuchThing or our website.
 NoSuchThingAsAfish.com.
 There's everything up there
 from upcoming tour days of our Nerd Immunity Tour.
 Check it out.
 There are all of our previous episodes.
 But hey, guys, listen, in all honesty, our 400th episode,
 we can't believe we're here.
 We can't believe we're in the London Pavilion.
 (audience cheering)
 - Thank you so much, everyone, for coming tonight,
 selling this kick out for us.
 Anyone listening at home?
 We will be back again next week with another episode.
 We'll see you then.
 Good bye!
 (audience cheering)
 (upbeat music)
 (audience cheering)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
