 *sigh*
 *laughs*
 *whistling*
 (in foreign language)
 (in foreign language)
 Hello and welcome to another episode of no such thing as a fish, a weekly podcast coming
 to you from the QI offices in Covenant Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber and I'm sitting here with Anna Chazinski, Alex Bell and James
 Harkin and once again we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts
 from the last seven days and in no particular order, here we go, starting with you Chazinski.
 My fact is that the world record for the longest time spent holding one's breath is exactly
 the same length as this podcast episode.
 Wow.
 How left can we possibly know how long this episode is going to be?
 I have my magic powers and knowledge that you're a good editor have told me.
 So tell me how long do we have to edit two?
 So you have to edit to 24 minutes and three seconds, is that okay?
 And this is a record that was set by Alex Segura in 2016 and he's a champion in the sport
 of static apnea.
 I can't believe it's a sport.
 It's a sport.
 It's a sport.
 It's the sport of lying face down in a swimming pool and holding your breath while remaining
 still.
 I can get on board with for the Olympics.
 We should say that this record that he broke is looked down upon by some static apneasts,
 including himself actually, because this one involved him inhaling pure oxygen.
 That means you can hold your breath for much, much longer.
 So that doubles the volume of oxygen that you can store in your lungs.
 So you breathe oxygen for something like 30 minutes before you go for the record attempt?
 Yes.
 So 24 minutes, that's the length of a sitcom episode if you were watching an American sitcom
 without adverts.
 Well, is it though?
 Yeah.
 Well, not the new Netflix series style sitcoms, but if you go classic Seinfeld or Friends
 episode.
 Specifically Seinfeld.
 Seinfeld is getting shorter.
 What?
 So the TBS have been caught broadcasting episodes of Seinfeld in fast forward, 9% faster than
 the original record.
 So does he sound like a chipmunk?
 No, weirdly he doesn't, because you can get away with maybe up to about 15% without really
 noticing it.
 But if you put them side by side, obviously, you notice, but who does that?
 Was Alfred and the chipmunks originally like four hours long, which I'll tell you?
 I was sort of still on while.
 That is amazing.
 So you lose what?
 Six minutes an hour?
 Yeah, yeah.
 Exactly.
 So you get an extra minute or so of adverts for each episode?
 On sitcoms, do you know that the world's first sitcom, No Episodes Survive of it?
 This is just a kind of, I've only mentioned this because it's the kind of thing that makes
 Alex really angry, but it was on the BBC and it was broadcast from 1946 to '47, it was
 called 'Pinwrights Progress', and I was just really excited to see it because it stars
 someone called James Hater, who played Friar Tuck in a Robin Hood film that I swear no one
 else on Earth has ever seen except me, and I recognised him.
 Oh, I thought it was because you're a James Hater.
 And that subconsciously, I think, was the reason that I pursued this fact further.
 There was a footballer called James Hater, and my brother used to always like him because
 my brother's also a James Hater.
 There's, we've got a big club, but yeah, they've lost all the episodes.
 James Hater was also, by the way, the original voice of Mr. Kippling makes exceedingly good
 cakes.
 That's very cool.
 The thing I love about this breathing thing is, people who do it without oxygen have gone
 for about half as long as Alex Segura, but whoever does it, if you really push yourself
 to the limit, when you come up, would you have thought you'd breathe in or out?
 You always breathe out.
 You always breathe out, right?
 Despite where there's no oxygen now, what do you do?
 No, because you're well.
 Well, so we always breathe out, right?
 Because when you suddenly start getting out of breath underwater, it's because your body
 has this automatic response to having too much buildup of carbon dioxide, which is an emergency
 response, which says, "Get up, get up, breathe, breathe, breathe," because if you've got too
 much carbon dioxide, it knows you're going to run out of oxygen.
 But all these champion static atmonists have learned to totally override that response.
 So they go underwater, they hold their breaths, and the oxygen just gets absorbed and absorbed
 and absorbed.
 So by the time they come up, they need to breathe in straight away.
 So that's how you spot the difference between an expert and an amateur.
 We breathe out and they breathe in.
 I suppose the other way of spotting an amateur versus expert is the expert comes up 24 minutes
 later.
 I was reading that insects often hold their breath, and they do it for hours and even days
 at a time.
 And the reason is, is that too much air would actually kill them, so they're actually stopping
 air from coming in to save their lives, because too much of it damages their tissues.
 So it's simply a process of stopping.
 So too much oxygen damages them?
 Yeah.
 Exactly.
 Sometimes.
 Sometimes do they like rust?
 Yes.
 That's why they're all a bit brown.
 Is that what I'm saying?
 Yeah.
 They're all rusty.
 They're all just rusty.
 Yeah.
 But yeah, if you see an insect, it's most likely holding its breath.
 That's so cool.
 I was reading a 2016 Savage University study about sighing, and sighing is really interesting,
 so sighing is basically just a breathing in, and they're breathing in again instead
 of breathing out.
 You're just taking in twice as much air, and the reason you do it, or one of the reasons
 you do it, is to inflate the alveoli more than it usually gets, because your alveoli always
 sort of collapsing.
 Yeah.
 The alveoli, the tiny little sacks on the edge of your lungs that absorb the oxygen into
 the rest of your body, aren't they?
 Yeah.
 Lots of different alveoli edges collapsing on their own.
 And so they periodically need to just be reinflated with a massive amount of air in your
 lungs, and that's what's sighing.
 Really?
 I always thought I sighed, because I was really fed up with the 29th pun in a row that
 James had told.
 And it's actually just all about my alveoli.
 I always thought James had to go back to your club.
 And what's really interesting is that when they originally built iron lungs, which are the
 coffin, like, things that you put people in when they're having breathing difficulties,
 and it's basically a pressure chamber that forces people to breathe from the outside,
 the mechanism didn't account for sighing, as in the iron lung didn't sigh, it only did
 normal breathing in and out, and people kept dying.
 And this is when they realized this is what it counted for it, because they're
 loving themselves to death.
 No, they didn't sigh themselves to death, because they weren't sighing, because the iron
 lung was only doing normal breathing for them, and it wasn't doing some sort of sigh.
 Wait, so if we didn't sigh, we'd die.
 If you don't sigh, you'd die.
 Yeah.
 That should be on signs everywhere.
 Just in case.
 It is a subconscious reflex, man.
 You don't usually do other signs, though.
 I don't have signs everywhere.
 Don't forget to breathe it.
 Keep blinking.
 No, as I need these things.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two, and that is Alex.
 My fact this week is that Nicola Tesla was one of the guests at the first ever party with
 a stripper jumping out of a cake.
 Amazing.
 Incredible.
 It's a really cool party.
 What was he doing there?
 Well, he was just one of several quite prominent guests.
 This was a party thrown by a guy called Stanford White, who was a member of the New York
 Elite at the end of the 19th century, a really interesting character himself, actually.
 Controversial character as well.
 So he threw all sorts of exciting dinner parties and drinks parties like this, and this one
 was on May the 20th, 1895, and one of the attractors of this party was a scantily-clad
 girl called Susie Johnson, and we actually know her name, emerging from a pie made from galvanised
 iron accompanied by a recitation of singer-song of six-pins.
 Yeah.
 Well, plus birds, right?
 I think birds flew out along with her, didn't they?
 I think more than sense.
 The birds that came out were canaries, and in the movie of this, which I watched the other
 night for research purposes, is called The Girl and the Velvet Swing, starring John Collins
 as the character who is basically Susie Johnson.
 The guy comes in and he's like, "Oh, sorry, I couldn't find any black birds, but I've got
 canaries."
 Oh, really?
 The girl?
 Was it also like, "I couldn't find a velvet swing, but I've got a cast iron cake."
 Well, we'll probably get to this in a bit, right?
 I was just saying it was like sexy, like singer-song of six-pins, because I can't work
 at how you think of that.
 To be honest, the bit with the pie, I kind of left the room and went to my kitchen to
 get a drink, and when I came back, I think I missed the pie, but the rest of it is all
 about this guy, Stanford White, who, like, Dan's about say, is very controversial.
 Yeah.
 Very controversial.
 The reason for the title of The Velvet Swing is to do with his controversiality.
 He used to like to sneak girls back to a house of his in Manhattan, and no good way of
 saying it.
 Drug and rape them.
 That was his very bad human, and the girl on The Velvet Swing refers to a girl who he
 did this to when she was age 16.
 Yes, because her husband, who I think his name was Thor, or something like that, not
 Thor as in The Norse Guard Thor, as in what happens to snow when it's warm.
 He then shot...
 That's a bit very confused in the cinema.
 I saw a very boring film that I was in the woods.
 The Marvel movie where it's just snow melting.
 He was at a theatre performance of Man was L Champagne's "I Could Love A Million Girls",
 and then Thor came over and shot Stanford White in the face.
 Yeah, and this was about 1905, wasn't it?
 That's right.
 But this is why this whole jumping out of cake thing became well-known, because in the
 court case, everyone suddenly read about this amazing cake woman party, and then I guess
 it became a thing.
 Imagine that's a bit of your obituary that sticks out, so you've just been murdered by
 a millionaire in a public space, and then everyone goes, "Hey, what's this cake bit?"
 That sounds pretty cool.
 He made history in the sort of industry of raunchy parties.
 Yeah, he's done the world of service in his murder.
 But he did the world of disservice because there were more repercussions afterwards, so
 the whole thing was covered by a journalist called Meryl Goddard.
 And then Meryl Goddard was so good at covering this case that Randolph Hearst, who was a newspaper
 proprietor, decided to take her for his newspaper.
 She was working with Pulitzer, and then Hearst and Pulitzer had a massive competition against
 each other for who could get the most readers for their newspaper.
 And that turned into sensational journalism, and that's why we have red top journalists
 in today.
 Wow.
 So, your fact says she jumped out of a cake, there's a pie.
 Sorry.
 When did it become cake?
 It was a pie.
 I mean, that was like a crusted top pie.
 In the movie, it looks like one of those.
 You know where it's got criss-cross of pastry on the top of it, but that might just be for
 the movies.
 I guess it makes sense that what traditionally there's like in banquets and stuff in sort
 of medieval times, you've got very elaborate pies and things come out of pies, and then
 it becomes more of a tradition to do things at parties.
 We now have cakes, so they just said, "Well, why don't we have people jumping out of cakes?"
 This is a bit weird to have a pie, like a birthday party, but I guess cakes are more practical
 to jump out of and to hide and hide in, really, because it can be taller.
 You can have a tall pie.
 Yeah.
 I don't think so.
 I think they can just go as high as you want.
 I'd be suspicious if I saw a really tall pie, like there's a person in there, whereas
 you can have a big cake.
 Why do you just have no idea this person?
 Hang on, hang on.
 You can feel like it's a huge cake.
 If you saw a giant cake coming, you would suspend suspicion that there's a human in
 there and think this is probably all cake.
 It could be, it could be, it could be, it could be cake.
 Can I give my favourite jumping out of a pie incident?
 Yes, please.
 So this was one of the earliest ones I think it was in 1454, and it was when things being
 hidden in pies was used as a rallying cry of the Christians against the Ottomans.
 So this was kind of during the era of the Crusades.
 It was King Philip, who through this really, really elaborate banquet was sort of jousting
 and these amazing table decorations that we've talked about before, and then he led everyone
 into this really long table, and on the table he had this giant pie, and the pie opened
 up mechanically to reveal 28 playing musicians, so an orchestra of 28 people who leapt out
 of the pie and played.
 Do you think if you saw a cake that size, you'd think just a normal cake?
 Well, if it had music coming out of it, I'd be like, there's something else going on.
 Maybe you're not people inside, but you know.
 We don't know what song they played.
 We don't know what song they played.
 Although we do know at that same party, there was a statue of a beautiful woman who had
 wine springing from her breast that people could drink from.
 At this party, Stavford White's party, he was serving wine, but he had a blonde waitress
 who only served white wine and a brunette who only served red wine.
 Really?
 That's quite nice.
 It's like having a lid to match the bottle kind of thing.
 I know what you're saying, but then on the other hand, it's not very well, is it?
 It's slightly objectifying these women.
 I'll give you that.
 That's what we've established.
 This guy doesn't have the best track record with, with, with, with, Suzy Johnson.
 The lady who jumped out of the pie cake.
 She don't know what happened to her.
 She's another mystery in the whole story.
 She disappeared.
 People tried to track her down.
 Because she became, as you say, we know her name.
 Did they just check every cake?
 She's not in this one.
 It's the Mr. Kippling Factory, not in this one.
 Multiple weddings ruined once again.
 The cake police swoop in.
 Okay, it's time for fact number three, and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that when in London, Queen Louise of Sweden always carried a card saying,
 "I am the queen of Sweden in case she was hit by a bus."
 It's cocky.
 Yeah.
 Well, she used to travel around London as it were in disguise.
 She didn't go around with a non-terrah.
 She loved shopping, and so she would just go on her own.
 And one time she was almost hit by a bus.
 As a result, she decided, God, if I was hit by this bus, how would people know who I was?
 I don't know, I carry a card inside my handbag that says, "I am the queen of Sweden."
 And then they'll be like, "We know who she is."
 And then the people who found her, rather than going, "I guess we'll just leave her there.
 We don't really care."
 We'll go, "Oh, hang on.
 She's the queen.
 We'd better sort out this car accident situation."
 Also, it's a really weird reaction to having her about to hit by a bus.
 The normal reaction is, "Wow, I should be more careful across on the road."
 When that inevitably happens again, I better make sure I'm properly labored.
 "Oh, you're the only one that I know of who's a tone, almost, been hit by a bus. How did you react?"
 He shouted at the bus.
 "What did you shout?"
 "Go back to bus school."
 This is one of the greatest anecdotes of QI history.
 It comes up basically every week in shock.
 "I'll come back to bus school."
 It's the greatest line ever.
 Would you keep that card in your handbag?
 Just hand it out to the bus driver.
 Wouldn't have been amazing though, if whenever you called 999, if you find someone unconscious
 on the floor, you call 999 and they say, "Okay, so first things first, have you looked
 at their handbag and have you checked their business cards?
 Is it the Queen of Sweden?
 Okay."
 "This has happened before."
 She was really great that Queen Louise have seen this actually.
 In her first passport, it had a thing called special peculiarities where you put things
 about your face, if you have a scar or whatever, and she wrote, "Walks like a parrot."
 "Prinely."
 She's just to put her into a bit of context.
 She is the auntie of Prince Philip.
 Yes.
 She was the mountain-battern family.
 Formerly, Battenburgs wasn't she.
 That's right.
 Battenburgs who hurriedly changed their name to mountain-battern when the Germans became
 the bad guys.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And she was the great granddaughter of Queen Victoria, I think.
 Yes.
 But all the European royal families are all just related to each other, aren't they?
 They are.
 Really?
 Not two, because all of the royal families are all related to each other, but then they
 were in all in countries that were all fighting against each other.
 She works as a messenger, kind of, giving messages between all of her family who weren't
 allowed to talk to each other.
 Not a spy.
 I suppose you could call it a spy, couldn't you?
 I mean, it's pretty much basically a double agent, but I think she was doing it quite
 explicitly and not...
 I'm not saying on a bench, handing over a message and they're like, "I am the Queen of
 Sweden.
 What does this mean?"
 "Oh, sorry.
 I'm presumably it was more like Bobby just had a baby rather than the Nazis around their
 way across the channel."
 Yeah.
 And the Swedish royal family is quite interesting, though, and the modern Swedish royal family
 is as well.
 So there's Karl XVI who's King now, who I don't think we've ever said on the podcast, is
 the 10th King, Karl of Sweden.
 Who did they miss out?
 They added lots.
 It goes back to the 15th century when a guy called Johann Magnus wrote this sort of fanciful
 history of all the Swedish kings, and he just added a whole bunch of kings.
 So he made up six erics and six calls, and they've kept that numerical system ever since.
 But why were they referring to this fictional account as history?
 Because it really is.
 Because it became really popular as a bit like the Saga's, you know, became a thing that
 was always read.
 But I think it's like we have King Arthur for instance.
 King Arthur.
 And so if we were to have a new King Arthur, we would probably call him Arthur the Second,
 wouldn't we?
 Oh, I'd love to see.
 And if Prince Harry became King, he would be Henry the Ninth.
 He'd be our first Henry since the dreaded Henry the Eight.
 If he kept the name right, although sometimes you take on a different name when you become
 royal.
 Because Prince Charles will.
 Yes.
 We think.
 Become Henry.
 He won't become Charles.
 No, we were discussing this.
 We were.
 We had a party last week at my place, which you were advised to, but you didn't come.
 And it was so exciting that we started talking about the regular numbers of the King's
 and Queen's England.
 I'm so sorry.
 I couldn't make it.
 He's going to be great.
 He's going to be great.
 He's going to be great.
 Edward the Ninth, I think we found.
 That was what you thought that was.
 That's what the book he's reckon.
 Is it?
 I think so.
 The main fact itself, I've read this in a few places, found a few sources, but nothing that
 I would say is concrete enough that I truly, I want to see the card.
 And if anyone knows if the card exists.
 So the source for this, the original source was Queen Louise's niece Dollar, who was the
 Margraveen of Baden.
 I don't know what that means.
 But anyway, it was a relative who first said this.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 There's a good source.
 Thank you.
 Thank you all for helping me out.
 It's been reset.
 Okay.
 It is time for our final fact of the show.
 And that is James.
 Okay.
 My fact this week is that last year in the UK, two eight-year-olds were caught speeding.
 This came from a freedom of information question that was posed to the driver and vehicle licensing
 agency.
 They asked for all of the different statistics and they also found out that 900 people in their
 90s got penalty points for speeding last year, including three people aged 99.
 Although I reckon 99.
 That's the oldest, but it's quite coincidence that it's 99 and not 100 and something.
 So I reckon anyone that's over 99, they just put 99, maybe there's only two spaces in
 the farm.
 Oh yeah.
 I reckon.
 Or you just don't find someone who's 100 or more for speeding.
 No.
 I don't fare enough, mate.
 On further, you docked the 99-year-old though.
 Well, you know.
 One more year in your home.
 Yeah, you've got to hang on to your 100th birthday.
 That's like saying on further, you won't let the 15-year-olds smoke when the 16-year-olds
 allowed to.
 I mean, you've got to draw the line somewhere, haven't you?
 Okay, sure.
 That's a line.
 That's a line.
 Sorry, I also think the smoking age might have gone up since I was a smoker.
 So 16-year-olds, if it's illegal, just check.
 Or, you know, whatever, don't smoke, consider that.
 There have been quite a lot of weird speeding fines and driving fines this year, so there
 have been two instances of people getting caught driving to the hospital because their wives
 were in labour and getting stopped for speeding.
 And so one was in the UK going at 101 miles an hour, and then there was another guy in
 the US who missed the birth of his child because he was taken to a cell.
 Oh, no.
 Yeah.
 Oh, that's hard.
 Wow.
 It's really rough, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 I don't think so.
 Yeah.
 It's really rough, isn't it?
 It's really rough, isn't it?
 It's really rough, isn't it?
 It's really rough, isn't it?
 It's really rough, isn't it?
 It's really rough, isn't it?
 Yeah, it's really rough, isn't it?
 It's really rough, isn't it?
 It's really rough, isn't it?
 It's really rough, isn't it?
 It's really rough, isn't it?
 It's really rough, isn't it?
 It's really rough, isn't it?
 It's really rough, isn't it?
 It's really rough, isn't it?
 It's really rough, isn't it?
 It's really rough, isn't it?
 It's really rough, isn't it?
 It's really rough, isn't it?
 It's really rough, isn't it?
 It's really rough, isn't it?
 It's really rough, isn't it?
 It's really rough, isn't it?
 It's really rough, isn't it?
 It's really rough, isn't it?
 It's really rough, isn't it?
 It's really rough, isn't it?
 It's really rough, isn't it?
 It's really rough, isn't it?
 It's really rough, isn't it?
 It's really rough, isn't it?
 It's really rough, isn't it?
 It's really rough, isn't it?
 It's really rough, isn't it?
 It's really rough, isn't it?
 It's really rough, isn't it?
 It's really rough, isn't it?
 It's really rough, isn't it?
 Wow, that's good.
 I really hope he did the names Bond James Bond.
 But I'm going to show you your license.
 Two kills.
 And any actual license.
 We have in our book, we've got a similar sort of story.
 What book's that done?
 It's called The Book of the Year 2018.
 You're a definitive guide to the world's weirdest news.
 Do you know when it comes out?
 Yeah, October the 18th.
 Okay, where's it available?
 It's going to be in bookshops.
 It's going to be online.
 Yeah, it's...
 And at least not here, we can say Amazon.
 Amazon, it's going to be on Amazon.
 Yes, this is the first time I've heard of it.
 Remember we found that thing of the guy who was done for drink driving?
 But it's claimed that he wasn't drink driving,
 because he was only drinking every time he got to a traffic stop site.
 So it stopped ever swig.
 Are they going to go?
 We're going to go.
 This is...
 Sorry, go on.
 No, you can if I was just sighing.
 I just want to stay alive.
 Did you know the first person to pass a driving test was called Mr. Beer?
 No, I didn't know that.
 So in 1935, he paid 37.5P, just found that out.
 And also found out this weird thing that driving tests were suspended in the second world war, which makes sense.
 And they were suspended again during the Suez crisis, which is quite weird.
 And especially given that during the Suez crisis, learners were allowed to drive on a company.
 And then...
 And I think I don't know about Suez crisis, but it's definitely true of the second world war,
 that if you learn to drive during the war, they just gave you a license.
 You didn't need to take a test at all.
 Oh, just because you've been through the war and how to drive.
 If you could drive enough to defeat the Nazis, then you could drive enough to go to the shop.
 If you can drive a tank through a minefield and not get blown up, I think you can manage the M25.
 Speaking of tanks, I read this yesterday.
 So you're allowed to drive a tank on the road in the UK.
 You need a special license.
 But if you could get a provisional license, which is really easy, a provisional tank license,
 then as long as there's someone sat next to you who can drive a tank, then you can drive a tank
 through the streets of the UK at any time.
 But you need to have learner plates on the tank.
 But you will be at the school.
 I knew that because the QIs production coordinator was telling me a great story about how she had to get James Blunt
 to drive a tank through the BBC.
 That was...
 Because he was an army guy, so he knows how to drive a tank.
 But where do you get a tank?
 This still feels like the main stomping block.
 Yeah, she just knew a guy.
 Who's your buddy?
 You've met Ed once, we met him outside Bergershire.
 Oh, you have a tank?
 Yes.
 It's a superior.
 He's just trying to find someone to park.
 He used to have it parked outside Ash Gardner of Empress's house.
 They were neighbours and outside was his tank.
 We used to go and sit inside it.
 He made it into this really nice sort of, you know, where you have Netflix nights.
 Oh, it was a hipster tank.
 It was a long time.
 Okay, that is it. That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we've said over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Streiberland, James.
 @JamesHarkin, Alex.
 @AlexBel.
 And Jizinski.
 You can email podcast@QI.com.
 Yep, or you can go to our group Twitter account which is @NoSuchThing or to our website.
 NoSuchThing is a fish.com.
 It's just been remade.
 It has everything you would need from us if you wanted anything from us.
 It's got links to tickets as all of our previous episodes.
 It has all of our merchandise.
 It looks awesome.
 Back off speed up.
 Okay, that's it.
 We'll see you next week.
 Goodbye.
 [Music]
 (upbeat music)
