 "Hello, and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a Weekly Podcast
 this week coming to you live from up the creek in Greenwich London!"
 "My name is Dan Schreiber and I am sitting here with Anne Chazinski, Andrew Hunter
 Murray and James Harkin and once again we have gathered around the microphones with
 our four favourite facts from the last seven days and in a particular order, here we go!
 Starting with you, Andy."
 "My fact is that archaeologists have just dug up in the middle of the desert an enormous
 thinks statue. It is believed to be anywhere up to 95 years old."
 "I think you're going to have to explain with me."
 So there are now archaeologists looking at old film sets from the early days of Hollywood
 and they're doing proper excavations on movie sets that were abandoned to the desert.
 This is a real thing. And there was a very famous film in the 20s called The Ten Commandments.
 It was this massive biblical epic and at the end of it, they didn't take the sets down.
 There's a theory it would have been too expensive or...
 "There's another theory that he didn't want anyone else to use the set because the director
 was Cecil B. DeMille and he was a bit of a megalomaniac wasn't he? And he thought he didn't
 want anyone else to use this so I'm going to bury it in the middle of the desert and
 now he found it."
 "And they buried it. And yeah, there's this filmmaker who's been searching for it for years.
 He's called Peter Brosnan and there's now a film about the finding of the original film.
 It's called Cecil B. DeMille's Lost City or something very similar to that. And it was this
 enormous set. So it was 12 stories high, 800 feet wide. There were 21 synxes. The Pharaohs
 statues weighed four tons each and they built an extra synch so that actors playing slaves
 could drag it around. The effort they went to with this film is enormous."
 "That's awesome. I read a thing that the idea that we have for that slaves built the pyramids
 and so on is down largely to this movie because that's not the case. It wasn't as people working
 but they just as a representation use slaves in the movie. That's where we get that common
 myth."
 "They were kind of freelancers as far as I understand it."
 "They were farmers outside the farming season weren't they? They did the pyramids. Yeah,
 I think so. But this movie, when DeMille put it in the middle of the desert, he said,
 "If 1,000 years from now archaeologists happen to dig beneath the sands, I hope they will
 not rush into print with the amazing news that Egyptian civilization extended all the
 way to the Pacific coast of North America." So he actually saw the idea that people would
 be digging this up in the future and might think that it was real.
 "We've totally fucked up his plan. That's so sad. We knew as well but that's what he wanted."
 "No, he didn't want that. That's what he said. He specifically didn't want."
 "I think he was saying that he was sitting with a bit of a wing cluzzy. He was like, 'Oh,
 I really hope they don't do that.' Yeah, that's how I interpreted it. But I'm making that up.
 I actually thought that's what he had said."
 "Did he?"
 "Some people who did do that is the website 9Gug. Everyone knows the website 9Gug. Yeah, we all
 know that."
 "It sounds rude. I know people love, but it's not a rude site, is it?"
 "No, it's just like memes and stuff like that. And what they did was they buried a huge
 pillar card with internet memes deliberately to fuck with the archaeologists of the future."
 So everyone had to vote for their favourite memes and the ones that went in were such memes
 as Dick Butt. Doge, who you probably all know, shit just got real. And hardest name in Africa.
 I don't know what that one was. But they buried this in there and they're hoping that in thousands
 of years people will see it and think that it was some kind of religion or something.
 "Oh, hi. Which I guess it is in a way, right?" "Yeah, yeah. Iron Age. Bronze Age. Banta Rage."
 I was reading in the movie Cleopatra itself because it was a huge, a huge operation to get
 this movie made. It was, it was so ambitious, they made all these incredible sets.
 "Wait, are you talking about the Ten Commandments or Cleopatra?"
 "Sorry, sorry, it's the Ten Commandments we're meant to be talking about. I've researched
 Cleopatra and let's move on." Cleopatra, it was, they had a big set too. It was, you know,
 very expensive film. There's your segue. "Yeah, thanks guys. No, no, no, no. I'll just comment
 on what you guys have to say for the rest of the evening. Okay, sorry."
 "Is anyone got any Cleopatra material that we can help him out with?"
 "I do have a, a fact related to Cleopatra, which is, yeah, it's about the film The Ten Commandments."
 Okay, so it was, basically, in 1922, Cecil B. Demel, he was already pretty famous but he ran
 a competition for what his next film would be about. So you, everyone submitted subjects and the
 best subject won a thousand dollars and he would make the film. And it went to a man who was called
 F. C. Nelson. He was a lubricating oil manufacturer and he just wrote on a bit of paper, "Make the Ten Commandments."
 If only he'd written "Make Cleopatra."
 But then beneath it, he had a little PS at the bottom of the page, he then wrote, "You cannot break
 the Ten Commandments or they will break you." But he won, he won the competition.
 But it was, it was a bit disastrous, right? The Ten Commandments, in a sense, because Cecil
 B. Demel was so determined to get it working and it went so way of a budget, he didn't accept any
 profits from it. His producers called him and were like, "Come back now, give up. This is a complete
 disaster." And he refused to. And he did things like, he refused to use painted backgrounds at all.
 So he refused to use normal scenery so that meant he just had to literally build everything.
 So I think there was a wall that was miles and miles along that he had built, wasn't there?
 And then at the end, did he dynamite the whole thing? I'm just thinking if Donald Trump digs
 around and finds that wall. Yeah. I don't think he did dynamite it. No, that's a rumour, by the end of the
 rumour. Yeah. Cecil Demel, sorry, just quickly. Great director, do you guys have any stuff on Joseph
 Manquets? What did he do, right then? I'm just quickly on Cecil B. Demel. So for the shooting of it,
 and this is just the incredible budgets of the day, he built a city which had 3,500 actors,
 technicians and extras. They were divided into 14 units of man and seven of women in a 24 square
 mile city and there were very strict rules about alcohol and gambling and stuff. He hired 225
 orthodox Jews to look like their ancestors, the Israelites. And apparently during the filming,
 they kept missing their cues because they were so overwhelmed by the emotion of being in this thing.
 And then he wrote to everyone on set, he said, your skin will be cooked raw. You will miss the
 comforts of home. You will be asked to endure perhaps the most unpleasant location in cinema history.
 I expect of you your supreme efforts. It was so tough to say. He was a nass, wasn't he?
 I like him. Do you? Okay, I do. This is someone who you could have, I think. I'm not saying that you're
 a prima donor Andy, but he had a chair boy who always walked three steps behind him carrying a chair.
 He was never allowed to look his master in the eye and whenever DeMille stood still for more than a minute,
 the chair boy had to put the chair behind him and then bang the back of his knees so that he sat
 down on the chair, which was there. Whoa. Can you imagine having one of those? Yes, I can.
 And I'm frankly angry, I had to sit down tonight.
 Was this what we DeMille had pop it? It sounds like he was one of those collapsing puppets.
 He made loads of biblical films. He made another biblical epic called "The King of Kings" and he
 made, but he was mostly known for slightly saucy movies. They always involved a naked woman
 in a bathtub at some point and then he made the tank of armaments, which is a big switcheroo.
 Cleopatra used to spend a lot of time in bathtub stitching. James, I don't have anything on it.
 Actually, I got a different thing, which is just picking up on what James said earlier about him
 wanting to bury DeMille, wanting to bury the set so no one else would use it.
 There's a bit of logic behind that because people back in the day of early Hollywood did use
 to do that. So there's a very famous version of Dracula that was made with Bella Logosi.
 And the idea was you would pay for all these movies huge budgets for their sets to be made,
 but because of workers unions and clocking off at the right time, it meant that you'd film in the
 day and in the evening the set was just sitting there. So they thought, "What if we filmed the foreign
 language version of the movie that we're now making in Spanish and Italian in the night time
 when they've abandoned the set?" And that's what they did. And there's a very famous
 version of Dracula from 1931 where they made in the daytime the English version with Bella Logosi
 and in the evening time they made the Spanish version and the Spanish version because they were
 able to sit at the end of the day of filming of the American one. They would watch the
 Dailies and so the rushes that they filmed that day and they would go, "Oh, that angle's no use.
 Why don't we film from this direction?" And so they would re-angle everything. They learned to make
 the movie by watching a different movie being made on the same set. Yeah. And as a result, it took
 something like seven weeks or something. Sorry, a few months for them to make the American version,
 but the Spanish version just got done it really quickly and they made it way before the Americans
 finished and released it before the Americans released it. And so people saw the Spanish version
 and the reviews were, "Well, if the American version is as good as this and it's probably better,
 it's going to be an amazing movie." Because it was awesome, but the problem was it was shit,
 the American version. But one reason I think it would be shit is doesn't Dracula die in the daytime.
 Yeah. Yes. You're right. Yeah. Yeah. Well, the guy the director was so bad he didn't
 capture Dracula's death on camera. He failed to put the camera in the right position. So it's just
 Bella Legoski going, "Oh, off screen. You don't even see." Yeah, but you can't, I mean, presumably
 Bella Legoski didn't actually die, so you can't just retake that. And have him in front of the camera.
 Yeah, I know, but they didn't. They just didn't. I guess back then they were just like, "Oh,
 it's six o'clock. The Spanish are coming in. All right, let's go to go. Bella's done." But yeah,
 so they did use to double up on the sets. And so that version of Dracula was more famous for the
 Spanish version that was copying the American than the American version. So you can understand
 why he wanted to bury sets. It was probably a crew of Spaniards around the corner. He was only out there
 avoiding Thomas Edison, wasn't he? Who? Cecil B. Demel. What? Yeah. That's why he was out West.
 That's why they went out West is because there were loads of Edison thugs who would beat you up for
 using... Was it film technology? Yeah, and that's basically why Hollywood is where it is today and
 why they made all the movies out there because Edison was on the East Coast. And if they went to the
 other side of America, they couldn't get them with all the patents and all things like that.
 Yeah. And so Cecil B. Demel owned 80 guns to protect himself.
 80 guns and a wolf. He had a wolf as well. I'm serious. I know it sounds like I just out of that
 spur of the moment. Wow. You're the Blues Brothers. You know, when they film The Blues Brothers,
 again, went quite over budget. The most impressive set of thing they did was they dropped a car
 from a helicopter. I think there's a scene in it where they fly a helicopter like 1500 feet in the
 air and then they drop a car down on Chicago. They got permission from the government, the state
 government to do that. They dropped a Pinto car down into like presumably an abandoned area of
 Chicago. It's presumably. And the car, when it landed, it was 45 centimetres tall
 because of the, that was the extent of the force. Yeah. That's pretty good. And they also had a cocaine
 budget. They always used to say that about the Blues Brothers, didn't they? That film had
 its own cocaine budget. There's a film with Dennis Hopper, Easy Rider. It was called. And this is
 a, yeah, awesome film. But he was part of the creative team and he was doing drugs every single day.
 And he was doing all different kinds of drugs. And it got to the point where they were like, we
 just have to give up and accept that he's on ecstasy in the morning cocaine in the afternoon
 and heroin in the evening, whatever he was doing pot in the evening. It got to the point that when
 he got the scripts for the next day for the film, they wrote on it the drug that he was on in the
 previous scene so he could match the energy that he was bringing to it. So they're like, we're going
 to film the second half of the scene we did three days ago and you were on cocaine then. So if you
 could do three lines before we start shooting, we'll get the same vibe as what you were. I'd love to see
 the movie where they mix them up. He's doing heroin and suddenly he's doing cocaine. We need to move on
 shortly to our second fact. Do you guys have anything before we go? Apocalypse now. Yeah sure.
 They're filming Apocalypse now. One of the things that Francis Ford, a cobbler, demanded was that
 he was allowed to burn down a lot of jungle in Vietnam and because he was a big deal at that point
 they allowed him to. So many acres of jungle were just burned down for it. But also he used real
 military helicopters but apparently he used to get really annoyed on set because they kept on having
 to fly off to fight in actual wars. No. So he used to get really pissed off. Wow. Yeah. I got one
 last thing. It was a movie set problem. It's a movie back in the day called Cleopatra where
 what happened was is that Cleopatra's entrance scene was a huge, you know, even listening. Okay,
 it is time for a fact number two and that is me. It's my fact. Okay, my fact this week is that when
 British author William Hazlitt died his landlady was so keen to re-let his room that she hid his body
 under the bed while she showed new tenants around. This is extraordinary. What a viewing. That must have
 happened to me. Will he be here? So Hazlitt, he's not that famous now is he? No, but if we made the show
 back in the 1800s you guys would be like, "Whaah!" Hazlitt was huge. He was a massive British author.
 Not only an author, he was a literary critic, he was a painter, a social commentator, a philosopher,
 he was a big deal. He died in 1830. He was living in Soho and in fact there is a hotel now there
 which is called the Hazlitt House, I believe, and that is the location where he died. And he's still
 there onto that bed, isn't he? He's still there, yeah. But he was a big deal and people used to go
 just to the Hazlitt hotel just because that's where he lived. Sheamus Heaney used to go there,
 obsessed with him and they would have meetups there just to be able to be in the sort of presence
 of the location of this great person who everyone seems to have forgotten except it turns out
 you an interesting person. I mean people know what him has it is, but I did happen to take a book
 of his essays on my gap here which I know is I just told these guys. One of those guys was going to
 mention it so I could get in there. Which drug were you taking when you were reading it?
 The essays themselves were my drugs, James.
 What am I on? I'm on chapter three.
 I mean, they didn't come in chapters, but whatever. But he was, he was unappreciated by his death,
 wasn't he? Like when he died, he died in poverty. It was on Frist Street and he'd been basically
 dist by all of the people he'd been mates with. So he was really good friends with Code Ridge and
 study and words worth, but he kind of also hated everyone. Yeah, he kind of started it. He did start it.
 So they embodied these revolutionary ideals that he loved and he thought that they didn't see them
 through properly. He thought they'd all sold out. So he kind of loved Code Ridge, but he wrote all
 these essays saying, I hate that you haven't lived up to your potential. So eventually they just
 ruined his reputation and he died in poverty. And it all started actually when he
 grope somebody. Did you read this story? Yeah. Yeah, it was. Yeah, boo, exactly.
 Well, don't say it was a different time on it. It was a different time. They were staying in the
 lake district. It was him and Code Ridge and words worth all staying in the lake district and writing
 together. And he went away, Haslet went to the pub one night and a woman was flirting with him
 and sort of teasing him and he thought that she wanted to get off with him. So he sort of leaned in
 or something or, you know, came onto her and then she laughed at him and said, no, don't be such a,
 you know, CAD. And so he lifted up a petticoats and slapped her on the bottom.
 I'm with the lady on the second row here. I'm not saying it's good behaviour, but he'd been
 embarrassed and then he got chased by this mob who wanted to duck him, which apparently is a
 common thing. They wanted to duck him and duck him. That's an autoferec thing, I think.
 But yeah, and he ran back to Kohler Ridge and said, please hide me and they smothered him away
 over the mountain. That's extreme. He saved him, but then they spread all these rumours that he
 was a horrible, lascivious, sleazy man. And then he hadn't affair with someone half his age.
 Yeah. And then he sort of had a, so it was his landlady's daughter, not the landlady, I believe,
 who later got vengeance by hiding him out of the bed. He, yeah, she was half his age and he just
 fell completely in love with that. And then he wrote this whole book saying that he had fallen in
 love with her and declaring it in public. And he sent his friend to test her by making advances
 and flirting with her and seeing how she reacted. And she flirted back with his friend,
 although she drew the line at any serious stuff. And then he asked his friend whether he could set
 Sarah this girl up as the friend's mistress and he would pay for it. And the friend said,
 "No, I would pro-woman who can read and talk." It was a complete disaster. Anyway, it was a great
 literary figure. Here's my favourite William Hazlick complete disaster story. And that is his first
 lecture at the Russell institution where he turned up and they told him it had to be one hour long,
 but he prepared enough material for three hours. And so instead of editing it, he just did the three
 hour talk in one hour. And just put his head down and just read it as quickly as he could. Wow.
 That's really funny James, because it reminds me of another story about Hazlick which I've
 brought along and I've so glad you mentioned it. I read actually, relatively, something recently
 about Gordon Brown, which was, this is in the week, I think. And it was a story that goes around
 Westminster, which is that he was asked to give a talk sort of a penchant dinner quite early on in
 his MP DUM. It was about pensions. It was a talk about pensions to a bunch of pensioners and other
 people. And he was asked to speak for 45 minutes, so he got up and he gave, and he really works really
 hard, you know, he's never working hard on stuff. So he thought really hard, he delivered this 45-minute
 speech. And at the end, the person who was comparing the event came on and apologised for the fact
 that he got on so long and they'd actually asked him to do a four to five minutes speech.
 At what stage do you think I'm going to have to stop him here?
 He can imagine on pensions.
 Hazlick in the event, well, he coined a word that we all use today, gusto.
 Yeah, yeah, it's got gusto, that's Hazlick.
 It existed before, didn't it? But he sort of wrote an essay on it, sort of properly defining it.
 Yep.
 I thought he'd invented it, I would say.
 No, it didn't exist before, to mean like life. And he said it as something to do with arts, didn't he?
 Yes. He was the first person to use it to describe art.
 Yes.
 Well, anyone can use a word to mean a different thing to think we've all agreed it means.
 Well, he also, according to the OED, coined the word's newsmongering, modernising, and aconing.
 Acalling, apparently, means collecting acons.
 And he was the first person to use that.
 Yeah, unbelievable.
 What a great contribution to the English language and people don't appreciate it.
 I can see why it took a massive break of his essays on your gap, yeah.
 You'll see your customs. Anything to declare?
 No.
 What's that in your back, Madam?
 For converses and a bunch of acons, the problem?
 Some stuff on dead bodies or estate agents.
 Dead bodies, please.
 Dead bodies, and if we can, Cleopatra would be.
 So here's the thing about the dead.
 No, so a contemporary of Hazlick's was Shelley.
 And there's an often repeated story about Shelley's heart being plucked from the funeral pie he was
 being burned on. So he drowned and he was at sea for several days, dead and bobbing around,
 and then he was retrieved and he was burned on the beach.
 There's now a theory that it wasn't his heart which refused to burn, because it's a very nice
 romantic image that his heart refused to burn. They now think it was his liver, which refused to
 burn, because it would just soak in seawater for days and days, and it was the biggest organ, so it
 would have been less likely to burn. And it was taken out and a friend of his took it and then
 bequeathed it to another friend of his who then gave it to Mary Shelley who put it in the back.
 It's really, it's re-gifting, isn't it, when you don't.
 But actually speaking of livers, I'm back on Hazlick, he didn't drink, but do you know why he didn't
 drink at the end of his life?
 No, we're going to guess then. Broke, he was broke.
 He was broke, but that's not why, so it said that he died of tannic acid poisoning from excessive tea
 drinking, because he was obsessed with drinking tea, and he used to fill half a tea pot with tea.
 That can't be possible to die of too much tea, huh?
 I don't think so, but the upper burden would be dead.
 He wasn't obsessed with it, though. Apparently he used to get up at one or two in the afternoon,
 never before that, and he would get up and pull himself a tea half full of tea, like the tea leaves,
 and then half of water, and then he would sit there for four to five hours, staring at it.
 That was beautiful, like the last time I...
 God, when we put this podcast out, that's going to come in stereo with people's ears.
 That's going to be the best hard-hitting punchline anyone's ever heard.
 Anyway, no, sorry, four to five hours, motionless, staring into the distance.
 So he loved tea, but he didn't drink, because the last time he drunk was when he went on a huge binge,
 following the Battle of Waterloo, so he was a massive Napoleon fan, and he loved Napoleon,
 and he was devastated that Napoleon had been defeated. He thought he epitomised the great revolutionary
 cause, and so he went on this huge drinking binge, and he spent weeks and weeks wandering London,
 completely unwashed in a drunken haze, and after that he thought alcohol wasn't for him.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three, and that is James.
 Okay, my fact this week is that UNICEF has a nutrition ambassador called Pupi.
 So, this is just a thing, this is just true. She is called Jose Heli Hunter Ramahavi Lisoa,
 and she is a singer from Madagascar, and she goes by the stage named Pupi, and lonely planet has
 declared Pupi a national treasure, and she's been active in educating young mothers about breastfeeding
 their infants as a nutrition ambassador for UNICEF, and that's basically her entire English language
 Wikipedia that I've just read out. And there is nothing else on her on the internet really,
 there's an English anyway, but she joins other UNICEF ambassadors such as Katie Perry, Serena Williams,
 Liam Neeson, The Wiggles, Dustin the Turkey, and The Vanuatu Women's Beach Volleyball team.
 Oh, cool. Got that embassy must be a riot, mustn't it?
 And yeah, so she's just, she's a nutrition ambassador, and she's got a funny name.
 But we don't know why she's got, I mean, it's her stage name, right?
 It's just her stage name, yeah. We don't know why she got that name.
 Okay. I imagine it must mean something different in Malagasy, I guess.
 Yeah, you would hope. I looked up a little bit on stage names.
 Okay. So, Stevie Wonder, he has a stage name.
 Really? Yes, because his real name, what do you think his full first name is?
 Stephen Wonder. Yeah, his first name is Steve Land.
 No, genuinely. That is a theme park I want to go to. And that's a Dave Land.
 No way. What? He was christened Steve Land. Yeah, what?
 S-T-E-V-L-A-M-D. Steve Land. Steve Land. Yeah, that's amazing.
 I know. Yeah, that's really cool. What's his surname?
 I didn't write it down. Okay. But it's not Wonder. No, it's not Wonder. Wonder, Wonder, Wonder was because he was it.
 No, he was he was a boy Wonder, which is why he got the nickname Wonder.
 Oh, okay. Yeah. And Michael Keaton, the actor, his real name is Michael Douglas.
 What's Michael Douglas' real name? Steve Land Wonder.
 I don't know, Michael Douglas' real name. Do you know what Wacken Phoenix's real name is?
 Oh, Bohm. No. But his surname was Bottom. That's right.
 Yeah. Yeah. Wacken Bottom. Wacken Bottom. He's William Hitler.
 There's a different time. But his brother was Riverbottom.
 So he was Riverbottom. He was Riverbottom. So he had a weirdes upbringing.
 They were members of the, was it the children of God cult?
 The really famous cult. Yeah. Yeah, they were brought up in that.
 And then they escaped that and said it wasn't a good idea.
 And the whole family decided to change their name to Phoenix.
 Which does make sense. They were all called Mr. and Mrs. Bottom.
 And they went with Phoenix instead.
 Yeah. I found out today what Michael J. Fox's middle name is.
 Go on. Andrew.
 Yeah. With a silent J.
 Yeah, no. Yeah.
 Andrew, he basically, when he went sign up for the actors,
 you have to officially register yourself as an actor in America.
 And there was already a Michael Andrew Fox.
 So he just had to pick J as a random initial.
 But that's what the J stands for. Andrew.
 It sort of stands for it.
 I found a list of the 150 worst rapper names in the world.
 Cool. Amazing.
 On the internet. So just a few of those.
 The tea bag boys.
 Yuck balls. These are all proper rappers apparently.
 Cecil Otter.
 And Bus Driver.
 Really?
 That's so good.
 Actually, on musicians, do you guys know the band in excess?
 Yeah.
 Yeah. So the bass guitarist for in excess is Gary Beers.
 And his middle name is Gary.
 But with a different number of ours.
 Get out of here.
 Gary. His name is Gary.
 Maybe that's exactly the way that's what it is.
 It used to be William and he changed it to Gary.
 Gary Beers. He changed it.
 Yeah. Wow.
 Can't get enough carries.
 So yeah, the double ours in the middle name.
 Wow. If you're interested.
 John Crawford, the actress.
 She was named by the public.
 What's that?
 Tony McJone faces.
 Her original name was Lucille.
 This is a French surname.
 Lucille S-L-E-S-U-E-U-R.
 But people thought studio bosses thought that sounds like Lucille the sewer.
 So they held a public competition to change her name.
 And John Crawford was the entry which one.
 She didn't like it at first, but she had to be called that.
 Wow.
 It grew on her, apparently.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 So cool.
 It's not that cool in name, really.
 Or is it like just the time that makes it feel like that?
 When was it?
 When John Crawford doesn't feel like a...
 When was it?
 20th century.
 Anyone?
 47.
 What a specific answer.
 Any advance on 247? Do I have 48?
 June 47 was one of the names that we're put up.
 I've got a thing on ambassadors.
 Okay.
 So the fact at the top, if you remember, Unicef has a nutrition ambassador,
 and that's called poopy.
 So a lot of celebrities get asked to be ambassadors in certain things.
 And very recently, Helen Mirren has been an ambassador for L'Oreal,
 so she'll do panels and so on for their moisturizer.
 So, like, it's so annoying about the ambassador.
 It's the brand ambassador, that's why...
 No, but it's not the same as Unicef, though, is it?
 Like, you don't set up an immersive building in the Middle East
 and say, "I am the L'Oreal ambassador."
 How can I...
 Oh, where the fuck am I, Ferraro Rache?
 [ Laughter ]
 Where is the L'Oreal Embassy?
 [ Laughter ]
 You're right, yeah.
 Um...
 No, she's a L'Oreal ambassador.
 It's a real thing.
 Yeah, she's a brand ambassador, and she's not a very good one,
 because she did a talk...
 If you did a panel talk in the South of France,
 and they asked her about moisturizer and what it does,
 and she said, "Probably fuck all."
 [ Laughter ]
 That was her answer.
 [ Laughter ]
 No.
 I was looking at, because at Poupi,
 the ambassador is a nutritionist, right?
 Yeah.
 And it's from Madagascar.
 So I was looking at some Madagasy nutrition stuff,
 and so there are some groups in Madagascar
 that will circumcision is a thing in some tribes,
 and some of them eat the foreskin.
 Ooh.
 But also, I was reading a...
 Oh, sorry, I didn't...
 I got that three seconds after everyone else in the room.
 [ Laughter ]
 Is that weird? I don't think that's weird.
 You don't think that's weird.
 [ Laughter ]
 In Madagascar, this is a thing.
 [ Laughter ]
 And there was a journalist went to Madagascar
 and traveled around it a few years ago,
 and it's specifically in certain regions,
 so it's in the Antamba Huaca region,
 and where they eat the foreskin.
 And traditionally, you get circumcised,
 and then it's given to the grandfather
 who then can either eat it,
 or offer it to a very honored guest.
 I'm sorry.
 It's a journalist.
 Who the whoop?
 [ Laughter ]
 They've got a little bit soft in the bag, but...
 [ Laughter ]
 Anyway, it's pretty awkward if you're a guest
 in specific Madagascar, areas of Madagascar,
 then just look out for being offered foreskin.
 And it is polite to accept it.
 [ Laughter ]
 Wow.
 Hmm.
 There was another person who was interviewed
 from a different tribe.
 Who said, "We actually think that's weird."
 This is someone from the...
 [ Laughter ]
 This is someone from the Sakhalava tribe.
 This is a different anthropologist who went there,
 and he said, "We think that's weird."
 It's only the guys in the mountains in the middle who do that.
 No, we put the foreskin into a firework
 and send it into the sky.
 [ Laughter ]
 All right, should we move on to our final fact?
 Yes, please.
 [ Laughter ]
 It's time for our final fact of the show,
 and that is Chazinsky.
 Yes, my fact this week is that the first ever sports bra
 was two jock straps.
 [ Laughter ]
 Yeah, this is... I actually heard this on another podcast.
 I don't know if you're allowed to just like trans migrate a fact from one,
 but I had heard it on 99% invisible, which I assume a lot of you listen to
 and if you don't, you should.
 But this is... It was invented by someone called Lisa Lindahl in 1970s, 1977.
 And she... It was when jogging became a really fashionable thing to do,
 and specifically for women to do.
 And there was an issue because sports bras didn't exist.
 And there were various issues.
 And she was in her sitting room one day,
 and she was saying, "What are we going to do about the fact
 that every time we go running, there's all this rubbing, and it hurts,
 and it just doesn't work for us."
 And her husband started parading around their sitting room with his jock strap on his chest,
 saying, "You should try one of these guys. They work really well."
 And she actually thought, "Yeah, what a great plan."
 And she got our friend to sew together two jock straps,
 which if... I had to remind myself what a jock strap was,
 but it's like... It's like tight wire fronts for men who are playing sports, right?
 Yeah. Yeah. Cool.
 And she said...
 She said a very spotty puddle, I'm just be saying.
 We need to wrap up soon, actually, because we've got to hit the gym.
 Hey, don't laugh so hard on that face.
 But so these ladies, Lisa Lindhal and also Polly Smith, who did her designing,
 they get all the credit, but surely the credit should go to her husband,
 who was prancing around his front room with jock strap.
 Good point, James, behind every great woman is a great owner.
 Because of the unbelievably childish man dancing around his front room.
 I didn't mean that, by the way. That was...
 As a joke, they called it the jock bra.
 And then that got changed into the jock bra,
 which got changed into the sports bra.
 And who knows what that will become next?
 But you know someone else who was responsible for inventing it.
 So what she did, Lisa, was she sewed these two...
 Oh, she got her assistant Polly to sew these two jock straps together
 and she ran around with it and it worked.
 But the person who helped with the sewing was someone called Hinder Schreiber.
 Yeah, your surname.
 So a distant relation of yours helped invent the sports bra.
 Not that distant though, because it's unbelievably recent, right?
 People are always surprised that the person who invented it's still alive
 and still doing interviews are still alive.
 You're right, it's so weird that it was literally 40 years ago.
 She has a whole section on her website about I invented the sports bra.
 Well, I would have thought that would be the main bit now.
 No, no, she does loads of other stuff, because she's not one trick pony.
 She does loads of other stuff.
 Like?
 Well, I didn't know.
 There's only so much reading time in the day.
 I didn't read the whole thing.
 As she's an artist, I think, as well.
 Does motivational speaking possibly...
 I would think so, yeah.
 I heard that there was possibly a slightly earlier one called the free swing tennis bra.
 Yes.
 That was a rival and that was a couple of years early.
 It was specifically for tennis and it was not...
 It wasn't really a sports bra.
 It was just a bra.
 I was just saying you can play sports in this if you want.
 This was a specific kind of holding you in kind of thing, right?
 I held you in, strapped you down and also had thick straps because of the rubbing.
 But there were a few patents much earlier on.
 This is the first commercial one, but actually in 1909,
 a breast supporter was patented by someone called Madeline Gabbo.
 And that was actually the first thing that separated the breast,
 because breast was all of us one entity.
 I remember a receptionist for QI once.
 The bosom was what the word you would use to refer to your best.
 Yeah, it was a singular.
 And those were singular.
 They were just one rectangular thing.
 It was a rectangular.
 Yeah.
 They were a different shape then.
 That was popular until very late, the mono boob, basically.
 Yeah.
 There was no lift and separate.
 Absolutely.
 There was just the shelf.
 Yeah.
 The mono boob until the 20th century, basically,
 was the way to go.
 And that's why the French phrase for a woman having a large bosom
 is Ilya Monde du Belcault.
 There is a crowd on the balcony.
 Is it still low?
 No, I don't think it's very convenient now.
 Is there any French people in?
 That's not in use now, is it?
 No, we know what it is.
 No, sorry.
 I mean, you should use it.
 It's a lovely metaphor.
 Yeah.
 It applies also to a royal wedding, for example.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 There's a lot of amazing bras out there now.
 Like in Japan, they have a few which are sort of very technologically advanced.
 There's one called the uplifting bra.
 And the uplifting bra basically plays you sort of motivational conversation.
 So it will monitor your heart rate.
 And if it feels your heart rate going up, it might sense that you're scared.
 And your bra will be like, you got this.
 You don't need to freak out.
 You are going to own this.
 And it's just messages that come out from someone's t-shirt.
 Do they have this for punts as well?
 I don't know.
 Just asking for a friend.
 Yeah.
 Just calm down.
 You've got all the time in the world.
 Oh, that's a shave.
 There's another Japanese bra that's also quite exciting which measures your heart rate.
 But this is the true love bra.
 And this will only spring open if you are truly in love with the person.
 Just trying to take it off.
 And by truly in love they mean if your heart rate does the stuff that they've made sure the heart rate does.
 But what if you're jogging?
 Well, that does feel like one of the major flaws of this bra.
 Yeah, loads of things make your heart rate feel like if you're on a roller coaster.
 Or if you're really anxious about the fact that your bra might pop up every second.
 I'm with you.
 Some kinks need ironing out.
 But that is a thing.
 It measures your heart rate.
 It sends it to an iPhone which analyzes your heart rate and tells if you're in love with someone based on how fast your heart's beating.
 Which is not a super foolproof method.
 Well, and then spring's open.
 There's another bra in Japan which is in its translation called marriage hunt.
 And the bra comes down with a countdown clock on your bra which is set by the wearer of the bra.
 So they go.
 What do you mean by count that?
 I want to be married.
 The game show count.
 No, it's so, you go, I want to be married exactly a year from now.
 I want to meet the right person.
 I want to be married a year from now.
 So you set on your bra.
 But doesn't that look like you're wearing a bomb?
 I know.
 Again, like Anna said about the previous one.
 There's a few kinks to sort out.
 If this woman doesn't get married in 20 minutes, she's got to explode.
 Have you heard of Mary Phelps Jacobs?
 She is supposedly invented.
 Well, she patented an early version of it exactly in 1914.
 And there were versions of it before then.
 But she was a young woman.
 She was quite a wealthy young woman.
 She was going to a dance and she didn't want to wear a corset because it's very,
 it's hard to move, it's hard to dance.
 But she had the most incredible life.
 So we featured her on the podcast a few weeks ago.
 An audience member won a fact by saying that the woman who invented the bra had a whip it called clitoris.
 And she did, but she was the most incredible woman.
 So she changed her name to caress Crosby.
 And she nearly named herself Clitoris Crosby.
 But then she said, no, that's for the dog.
 And then she sold her patent for not very much money.
 But then she moved to Paris and became a publisher.
 She and her husband Harry had this incredible publishing life.
 They published everyone, D.H. Lawrence and Charles Bukowski and Lewis Carroll.
 But they also had these raucous sex and drug-fueled parties in an abandoned mill, which they owned.
 And they had a, they bought their own tombstones and then they kept them on the roof of their block of flats and sun-based naked on them.
 They just had this incredible life.
 That's weird.
 Yeah.
 But the thing is about them, she sold the patent, like you say, for not much money.
 It was a husband's idea.
 He got fed up with the whole thing and say, oh, you should just sell the patent.
 And she did sell it.
 She sold it for $1,500.
 And she did this in around 1915, 1916.
 And then America joined the war in 1917.
 And corsets were banned because they had so much wire in them.
 And suddenly, bras became massive.
 No, well, we didn't...
 But bras became really, really, really popular.
 And so she missed out by only a couple of years on making billions from them.
 Wait, and pretty much why they needed wire, they needed the metal for the war effort.
 Yes.
 I remember that they got two battleships out of the steel they saved.
 Yeah, they did.
 With enough to build two battleships.
 Oh, wow.
 And the fact about rubber pants at the first world war.
 Oh, yeah.
 People used to have a rubber diet.
 And the rubber diet was not an actual food diet.
 It was just to wear rubber knickers and rubber corsets, which would rub against you and make you sweat.
 And then you would lose weight.
 Oh, yeah.
 It didn't work and it just flayed your flesh.
 But...
 And that's like, now people would put like cling film around them, aren't they?
 Yeah, but the cling film diet, we've all done it.
 We've all done it.
 But don't, I think boxes do that, don't they?
 They wrap themselves in cling film and then they exercise, they lose more weight through water.
 Jockey's, too, don't they?
 Yeah, yeah.
 Yeah, you're right.
 But they didn't work.
 And also...
 It doesn't work because all you lose is water and then as soon as you drink some water, it goes back into you.
 So it's very short term.
 But then the first world war broke out.
 And all the rubber was needed for the war.
 Yeah.
 So...
 Out-see-bout-see-what?
 LAUGHTER
 What do you think you drop a fire in the lot?
 Lots of stuff, you know.
 Wheels, wheels, I guess.
 That's why they call it the bouncy war.
 Hey, I'm just speaking of boxers and fighting.
 There's been an innovation off the back of someone watching an MMA fight.
 That's sort of Conor McGregor style fighting that goes on.
 And someone lost a match after being kicked in the testicles.
 And he thought, "Ah, I wonder why that jockstrap didn't protect him more."
 So he's invented now a bulletproof jockstrap, which is on the market.
 It's called nut shells.
 And nut shells can withstand a bullet being fired at your groin.
 I mean, who does those tests?
 I'm pretty sure that the inventor, who's called Robert, did do that.
 And so the idea is it can be used for sports because if you're playing baseball
 and a fastball comes or a tennis serve comes or someone's frying a bullet at you at a...
 I mean, an incredibly well-aimed bullet.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 But I mean, it's now...
 It's been picked up by the military.
 The middle level of the size joke.
 It's just a...
 LAUGHTER
 I need to be a pretty sharp shooter to hit you.
 LAUGHTER
 Why does the military need that technology?
 It doesn't... it has bulletproof technology.
 Yeah.
 It doesn't need a different kind of bulletproof for your penis.
 It's just the same kind of bulletproof.
 You're right.
 Surrounding the penis with 30 or 40 layers of toughened glass.
 I think Imelda Marcos had a bulletproof bra, didn't she?
 Did she?
 Did she?
 Yeah, made out of Kevlar.
 Right.
 She did.
 Wow.
 The jockstrap is, as you mentioned, it is from...
 It's from Jockey, but it was invented for Bicycle Jockeys.
 So this was in the 1880s?
 I would have thought like American Jocs, like just a...
 No, the word Joc comes from Jocstrap.
 So it was invented for cyclists in Boston in the 1880s because they were called jockeys
 and they delivered stuff and they were cobbled streets.
 And so it was quite painful to cycle over the cobbled streets.
 And so the jockstrap was invented for that.
 And that's where the Joc comes from.
 It's a sporty thing now.
 But at the start it was invented to stop your balls bumping over cobbles.
 Right.
 Wow.
 Guys, we need to wrap up very shortly.
 Oh, yeah.
 So the thing with bras is everyone thought they were invented about 100 years ago.
 But they found some really old ones from the Middle Ages.
 And they were found in a castle in Austria by a scientist
 or an archaeologist called Beatrix Nuts from the University of Innsbruck.
 And she's found out basically the what happened was the bra came first
 and then the cost it took over and then the bra came back again.
 Right.
 Which no one believed until 2012 when she found this.
 Wow.
 And at the same time they found what looks like a pair of panties
 is kind of like a gusset and just some kind of string going round.
 But they turn out to be men's underwear because women didn't wear underwear at that time.
 And according to Beatrix, underpants were considered a symbol of male dominance and power.
 Oh, really?
 Well, because even when women started wearing underpants in Victorian times they were crotchless.
 And I read one historian said they were crotchless in order to distinguish them from men's underpants.
 There must be another way.
 In the short.
 Oh, it's a man's underwear.
 Name labels are the way.
 Yeah.
 Or, you know, the men's ones are the ones which constantly matter things like,
 "You're doing fine, really."
 Okay, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @tribaland.
 You can also follow my other account @cleopatramovie trivia.
 Andy?
 @andruhunterm.
 Yep, and James.
 @JamesHarkin.
 And finally, Chazinski.
 You can email podcast@cui.com.
 Yep, or you can go to our group account, which is @nosuchthing.
 You can go to our website "nosuchthing is a fish.com" where we have links to a tour that's coming up in 2018.
 Thanks so much for listening to us, guys.
 Thanks so much for being here tonight.
 We'll see you again next week.
 Good bye!
 (Applause)
 (Applause)
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
