 [music]
 Hello and welcome to another episode of Little Fish.
 This is our bonus Monday show where we put down our favorite facts from the last 7 days
 and we get to sit back and enjoy all of your facts that have been sent through to us via
 podcast@qy.com. Very exciting batch of facts here. My name is Dan Schreiber. I'm sitting
 here with Anna Toshinsky and Andrew Huntsamari. Let's do it. What have we got?
 Here's one from Trent Thesons and Trent says, "I was listening to Little Fish episode. There
 was a story mentioned about ants climbing on top of each other to reach the moon. It made
 me curious about how far every ant on earth could actually reach if they all joined in together."
 Yep, and Trent's done an A4 page's worth of calculations with which he has concluded
 that all ants on earth could theoretically stretch from the earth to the moon approximately
 52,000 times. Now that would be a strong tower. You could climb that. I think you'd knock
 the ants away as you were putting your hand in to get rid of some way down, but there
 are 52,000. So you think there would be enough? Yeah, you'd have to just keep going and
 that's a hell of a climb. Wait, why? What do you mean the ones you stop, they start all
 falling away? Yeah, if you stop you fall as well. Yeah. Oh, yeah, okay, yeah.
 Because you need to bring some food. You'll need to bring a picnic and they're going to
 be very interested in that as well. Yes. No jam on this spaceship. I think that's what
 would happen. It would reinforce the power of the tower because they would consume you
 into it and you would be stuck inside. And then the next person climbing is like, oh,
 that feels very like a human head. No time to stop. Keep going. And it's just a column
 of humans that eventually become the main. So it's like a weird horror film where everyone
 keeps on going up looking for the last person who tried to climb to the moon. Yeah, that
 is pretty distressing. It's an upsetting film. Yeah, that's a horror film. Also, what's
 going to happen to Earth now? It's got no ants left. I've probably bad stuff. I expect
 so. But a lot of birds will go a bit peckish, right? They literally peckish. At point, they're
 going to jeopardize the tower. The birds of the enemy, I think. Yeah, you're going to need
 some big bird netting around this tower to ensure it doesn't just become a roving buffet
 for all the birds in the world. Well, this is the sort of stuff that gets the fans so excited
 is the what ifs of sci-fi, isn't it? Yeah, it's a plot twist that the person climbing the
 tower has to come across. Oh, God, there's a hole in the bird netting. The tower is being
 eaten now. Yeah. Am I going to make it to the moon? You go to the moon because the ant tower
 ends there because it's because it's there. The moon does, of course, orbit Earth. So the
 bottom of the tower is going to have to be on wheels of some kind, isn't it? Yeah, that's a really
 important point. God, that's such a good situation. Are we lusting the moon with the ants? I'm not
 saying we can't. Gosh, yes, and the Earth is spinning as well. That does complicate things
 rather, doesn't it? Friend, when you sent your email, did you think it would lead to this
 level of high-end practical discussion? I'm actually disappointed in Trent that he didn't
 work out this for us for the second page to the email. Okay, let me read one out here. This
 is from Scott Lucas. Scott Lucas has discovered that there is a small town in Missouri called
 Humansville. That's so cool. It's a great name. He says, on top of Humansville, already sounding
 like the lady doth protest too much, it has the added quickiness of actually being named
 for a Judge James Human in the 1830s. Thank you, Andy. So not really named for Humans,
 but rather one specific human who, incidentally, also has a name that could be read as an imperative
 sentence, Judge James Human, which I know you like and describes his job since Judge Human
 Judge Humans. Oh, that's good. I see. Yes, it's very nice. I looked into other local names
 of the area, just to see if there are any cool names. There is a town there called Halfway.
 Okay. It is Halfway between the Bolivar and Buffalo. If they've called it Destination
 instead, they could have been the biggest city in the area by now. It's a really good point.
 Yeah, that's true. In a way, everywhere is Halfway, isn't it? Everywhere is Halfway
 between somewhere and somewhere else. You're always Halfway there.
 Whoa. You're at the bottom of the Ant Tower, exactly.
 Okay. We're still on that. Okay. Oh, that's very good. This one is from Simon Burford, and
 I love it. Apologies if anyone has pointed this out before, but in episode 151, you talk
 about Stella Remington being the head of MI5. I remember her. She died some years ago now,
 but she's a really famous early head of MI5. She wrote a book about it as well. She was
 one of the first publicly named heads, wasn't she? And she wrote lots of spy novels in
 her latest, once she'd retired, obviously. Anyway, you surmise in this episode, 151, which
 was nine years ago, that she may not be the real head of the agency, but just a front for
 the real person in charge. Okay. Oh, yeah. I can't believe that none of you pointed out
 that Stella Remington is an almost exact anagram of Remington Steel, who was a fictional
 character, played by Pierce Brosnan, who pretended to be the head of a detective agency while
 it was secretly run by someone else. Coincidence, probably, says Simon. Isn't that nuts?
 Yeah. So I had never heard of this series before, but it was one of, it was Pierce Brosnan's
 first big break, really. It was a big TV series. I used to watch it in Hong Kong.
 It did. Yeah, yeah. Stella Remington. Remington Steel. That's…
 Remington Steel. That is weird. Yeah, mad. So basically, does this detective, she's
 not getting any work. She makes up a boss of the detective agency and business picks up.
 He's called Remington Steel. And then Pierce Brosnan is a thief who turns up, pretends
 to be Remington Steel, and they solve crimes together. And Stella Remington was working
 as a spy when this was going out. So that must have been very weird for her. And she was
 a model for M as Judy Dench in the James Bond films, which is when Pierce Brosnan first
 played James Bond. That's great. That's wonderful. I know.
 And Stella Remington's father, guess what industry he worked in? The Steel Industry. What's
 happening? Oh, like… Oh, stop building that ant tower. We've got to get off this earth.
 Can I just tell you the mad little afterlife of the show? Because the show got cancelled.
 Brosnan got off of the role of Bond after the show was cancelled. And then work got out
 that he was being offered the role of Bond. Interest in Remington Steel exploded. He then
 was offered a new series of Remington Steel, which his contract said he had to take.
 No, really. He'd done all the photos to be James Bond. He was in. He was about to have
 the champagne to toast his new life as James Bond. And his agent called and said, "I'm
 so sorry. You have to do more Remington Steel." Because that's what the contract says.
 So the Bond producers then went with Timothy Dalton, at which point Interest in Remington
 Steel collapsed. No. And they drastically cut the next series they'd planned down to
 kind of six episodes, because no one's interested in Remington Steel anymore.
 I'm serious. He said, "Dotton was never meant to be Bond."
 He wasn't the first choice. Bond was the first choice at that age to be Bond when
 Dalton was picked. Wow. Isn't that crazy? Yeah, that's amazing.
 Poor old Dalton, and then because he was it, was he one or two Dalton? He did two.
 Two. And then Brosnan zooms back in, fresh from Mrs. Dalton's fire. His audition film
 for Bond, many things. Where he outs and undercover. Oh my god. He probably had that ridden
 into the script going, "I'm not losing out on this thing entirely." That's the dad.
 Oh, very good. Okay. Let's have another one, shall we? Yeah.
 This one is from Tom James from Edinburgh, and this is the fact that the best music for
 selling dog food is by Kat Stevens. Okay. What? Tom says, "This came up in conversation
 with someone who spent years working in licensing at record labels, and they talked about how
 unglamorous the day-to-day of the music industry can be and gave the example of licensing music
 for dog food commercials." So I asked, "Who always, you know, does a music with dog food commercials,
 and it's Kat Stevens." Right. And weirdly, I didn't know this. You might
 know, this Dan Kat Stevens had a song called, "I love my dog." No, I didn't know that.
 That's very good. And so this was a go-to choice. And Kat Stevens, I was no more, because Kat Stevens
 changed his name to Yusuf. I can't remember the surname. Yusuf Islam. Yusuf Islam. And I would
 love to know if dogs like Yusuf Islam. Is there a sort of cutoff point when Kat Stevens
 no longer is appreciated by the dog community? I think must be, yeah. Well, because they
 can tell that he changed his name. Just curious in the music. Just curious. You've got to
 assume that they don't otherwise, this person would have said, "You know, they like Yusuf Islam."
 Although, who can name Yusuf Islam song? No one. Nobody. We all know the Kat Stevens. Hey,
 did you know Kat Stevens was converted to Islam by his brother who brought him back to
 Quran as a present when Kat Stevens was, you know, looking for his birthday, but his brother
 was Jewish. And they both started Greek Orthodox. What? What? Just a nice story, isn't it? And his
 brother now runs a charity in Israel that tries to bring together Israelis and Arabs. That's
 quite something. It's in a gift from holiday. Yeah, a gift from holiday. That's probably the
 most impact you can have with a gift from holiday on someone's life is to literally change their
 faith. Yeah. That's true. And his name. Yeah. Because I brought back some donkey milk so
 from holiday recently. Yeah, but your wife now worships donkey milk so she's got to shine.
 Here's one. This is from Felix Eiliff. Perhaps I'm too late with this fact, but I thought I'd
 try my luck anyway. I was at the Farnborough Air Show last week. It's called Lucky You Felix.
 Sounds great. I've never been. And saw a display of two pilots in extra ng aerobatic aircraft.
 That's a particular kind of plane basically. While many were excited by the remarkable skill
 and courage on display, the thing that excited me was learning that the extra ng is built by the
 extra aircraft company extra flugzoig bell, which in turn is named after its founder Walter extra.
 They can't just all be names. But that's all people send me. Because the guarantee to be read out
 on the show. It's a catch 22. It's catch 22. The people want what they want. Why does that? The
 stuff tells exactly what I want. That's the weird thing. That is weird. I the inbox guy. It's bizarre.
 Well, I'm not going to tell you about the white cap company of Chicago, which makes the catch up
 glass bottle tops. Do they? Yep. Founded by the white brothers in 1926. Thank you. Ready, Radev?
 Why did that person say I think I might be too late for this? Do people think that there's a deadline
 for this? People think that we're going to start. People think I'm going to start. Yeah, okay.
 Oh, for your book, not just for the facts themselves. That must be what Felix means. It's a deadline
 for the book. Oh, for the publishing deadlines. We're not. We're not. We're not. I hate to brag into you.
 There is no book. Oh, anyway. All right, it's my turn. Yeah. Here's one from Dan Marsh. This is a great
 fact. Dan Marsh says I have a fund submersible fact about the invention of digital audio compression
 that need. I know it doesn't sound promising yet. But this is awesome. So, Dan says in the 1980s Swedish
 audio engineer Lars Lillierid was approached by a diving company on oil rigs to say they need a
 better communication system between divers. Because, and I just didn't realise this, the oxygen tanks
 contain large amounts of helium. So, when divers were trying to talk to each other under water,
 that's very difficult to understand because they're all talking like this and we're going to
 understand anyone else. I'm not doing a bit. I need to come up to the service now.
 Has been a catastrophic breach in the hole. Please, I've got one minute left.
 Oh, that minute's going to drag boys, but anyway, club, club, club.
 Demonstrated, this is very dangerous. They couldn't communicate because everyone's done a very
 high pitch and Lars Lillierid, who was a sound engineer, developed this digital pitch shift system
 to convert their voices back to natural sound frequencies. And he gave it to the diving company,
 but it's that technology now, which means that large audio files can be compressed. So, it's
 the same technology that means that our podcast can be enjoyed by billions of listeners.
 It's terrific. And that was invented for divers. So, they didn't speak in stupid voices.
 So, it was a live feed that was immediately, it wasn't a pre-record.
 Maybe it was that. Maybe it was a slight delay on it with the communications. I don't know.
 It was like, so we've recorded it and then we'll compress it and we'll send it up.
 And so, when you hear, "Hi, I've got one minute left to live," it's somewhat help.
 When it's half an hour ago, we got that.
 This is actually last week's episode, as well.
 Well, let's go from down in the ocean to up into outer space,
 because this is a message from Colin Summers, who says, "My wife Rachel's fact," so actually from
 Rachel, "is that NASA had 11 men volunteer to act as guinea pigs in multiple experiments that
 tested how humans would react to weightlessness and motion sickness, specifically because they were
 deaf." Is that amazing? So, this is motion sickness.
 Yeah, so when they were testing trips to space, trips to the moon, there were 11 people who were
 taken from a school for the deaf. And there's a certain type of condition when you're deaf,
 that means that you lose the ability to get motion sickness. And so, they could go on boats and never
 experience sea sickness and so on. And this proved to be the perfect thing to work out the science
 of how you could avoid motion sickness and space. And the tests performed included, this is from
 the email, Rachel's fact, living in a slowly rotating room for days, being on a quickly spinning
 platform for hours on end, rides on the vomit comet, and riding on a boat in a storm in the
 Atlantic that included 40 foot waves. And actually, that one I read up on, that had to be abandoned,
 because all the researchers who were on the boat with them got so sick.
 Oh, wow. While the others were sitting and just playing cards in other games and just not being
 affected whatsoever. Wow. So, were they children from a desk? No, no, no, this was a sort of adult
 age like university. Right. Wow. Did we talk about the thing last week when we were doing a
 fact about your test engineering? I don't think we mentioned the NASA vomit comet early tests,
 whether we're testing, testing a space toilet. Oh, no. I don't think we did. So, when they were doing
 that, they had to find volunteers again, who could reliably defecate within a 30 second window.
 And the reason for that, I don't mean through a window. I mean, a window of time. And it was because
 when you're in the plane that's doing, is it parabolic flying when you're going down and up and
 you're testing brief periods of weightlessness? When the plane enters its dive and everyone on
 board starts floating around because that's how the plane is moving. You've only got 30 seconds of
 that. And so, you need to test your space toilet in those 30 seconds. And that costs a lot of time and
 money and effort. So, you need reliable pooers. Because if you don't do it, you cost them 10 million
 quid or something. Exactly. You know, expensive normal shit. Yeah, I just didn't actually need to go,
 sorry. So, yeah, 30 seconds was your time. I have a friend who would be perfect for that job.
 We can bleep out the name, but I used to I used to live with him and we'd be sitting, you know,
 just chatting and he'd say, sorry, I need to go for a poo, as he used to say. And he'd go off and he
 would be back instantly. And I was like, impossible. There's no way you just did that. That was quicker
 than urination time. And he said, it just it just comes out and I'm done and I'm back. I thought you
 were going to say that he could do it on you could say do a poo now set your set your watch. I think he
 can. Well, that's because that's more impressive than just pooing quickly. He might have waited until
 it was absolutely essential and urgent. Whereas, actually, what you're saying is we need you in the
 next one minute to produce. Do you see what I mean? Do you see what you're saying? Yeah. All right,
 well, listen, we need to move on. That is all of your facts. Thank you, everyone, for sending
 them in. If you want to have yours read out on this show podcast at qi.com is the place to send it. But
 before we wrap up today's episode, we have to hand out some of the headline facts from our 12 years
 of making this podcast to some new custodians. Now, if you join Clubfish, which is our secret members
 club on Patreon, so patreon.com/clubfish, if you join that highest tier that we have, which is
 called Friend of the Podcast, you will be assigned one of these facts. You're going to be sent
 a digital certificate. And then eventually, you'll have that fact read out by us on the show,
 and that's what we're going to do now. So let's get eight new custodians officially inaugurated on
 the show. Andy, won't we start with you? Yeah. Okay. This one goes out to Namitha Vinayan. Namitha,
 your fact is in 2015, the world discovered the largest prime number ever. It would have been
 discovered months earlier, but the computer which found it forgot to tell anybody. So just a silly
 computer fact. So this is back when computers forgot stuff rather than deliberately concealed things
 from us and plotted amongst themselves. Yeah, it's very good. Here's one for Kevin. So enjoy this one
 Kevin. This is the fact that in a press release about a new English language test for migrants,
 the British government misspelled the word language. Do we know how they misspelled it?
 Well, I believe they did it at the classic language. Did the A and the U the wrong way around.
 Right. An easy mistake maybe to make for maybe a five year old and maybe that's who they've got
 drafting their immigration policies. Let's do another one. This is for SV Yates. And your fact is now
 a New Zealand firm has developed an rationally angry robot to train tele-sales staff.
 This would have been a while ago. Again, this would have been about 2017, were it in now or 2018?
 Yeah. Yeah. So this was banged up to this was what AI was being used for. The time problem,
 it was to create, just to piss off. Train tele-sales. People on the phone. I don't understand how much
 training you need as a tele-sales person, ringing someone up to deal with them saying "Fuck off"
 and cutting the phone off. I mean, do you need to design a whole robot to deal with just sitting
 on the line for the split second before? I think it might not be for that. It might be for
 customer service as well, I suppose, where people are ringing you and they're angry. Oh, yes.
 I think you don't need training to go with the thing hung up on. Okay, just to emotionally deal with it.
 Yeah, you're right. It's people saying my phone bills too big. Yeah. That's good.
 God, these do feel like simpler times, don't they? Yes. Our headlines are kind of a weirdly
 cultural stamp on what was going on at the time. Oh, yeah. We get topical. Dan, in the actual main show,
 there was a thing you said about this fact, which was that I got a call from a robot, but it knew
 to stay silent. I'd give the space for me to say the obvious response, I think, is what it was.
 Right. So, can I help you today with this problem? Yeah, that'd be great. Why don't you tell me what
 the product or the gap would be for whatever I answer? It would leave an appropriate gap for the
 space that it would take a sort of predicted answer. So, they were that basic, they were just
 predicting how long you'd take. They weren't even responding to the sound you made. This is a long
 time ago. It's a long time ago. These days, I will ring up and say hello. I know that last night
 you dreamed about your uncle Peter. Well, what I did. I didn't even have an uncle Peter. How have you
 done that? We've made you an uncle Peter. Right. Should we have another? Yeah.
 This one goes out to Reverend Doctor Nicole Studevon. I hope I'm saying that name right.
 It's that a fifth of America's meals are eaten in cars. Yeah, I remember finding this one.
 It's extraordinary. It's your fact. And it was, of course, we've missed this year's National Drive
 Through Day, which is the 24th of July. Again? I missed it again. Yeah, and it's so it's one
 and five, but it's because of cars. It's because of drive-throughs. Yeah. It's because of drive-throughs.
 Well, it's a combination actually with cars and drive-throughs. If you had to have one or the other,
 it wouldn't be nearly as much. Cars are 50% of this fact. Well, I shouldn't have been doing the drive-through
 if we didn't have cars. What would that be? I think that still kind of works, doesn't it? It's sort of,
 you don't go in the building. You're not going to sit down. I'm just passing by. I walk through.
 Walk through. Yeah. Yeah. Well, there is a place, not near us, which is a restaurant, which has a
 hatch on the street. A place not near us. No, it is near us. I misspoke. Either way, it's not a good
 anecdote. All right. Another fact here. This is Matt Birch. Matt, your fact is now that the most
 dangerous job in Britain is hairdresser. Yes. Right to feel hardcore as a hairdresser. Stopping self with
 scissors. You'd think that, but it's actually repetitive tendinitasy stuff, which I totally understand,
 right? Like having to bend a weird way all day around people's heads and the snip-snip-snipping
 with your fingers. I mean, my fingers get really sore typing. My parents are hairdressers, both of them.
 Have they ever suffered any of this stuff? No, no. Never heard that kind of ailment with them,
 and I can't think of that being a problem for any of the uncles and aunties that I grew up with,
 you know, ceremonial uncle of hardtees in the hair salons. Cool Australian hairdressers, though,
 probably they're extremely fit, and they, you know, fit. Well, they've even got fit fingers. Yeah.
 I'm just saying that everything in Australia is fitter, basically. You're outdoors. Everyone's
 outdoors all the time. Yeah. All the hair salons are outdoors. They cut on surfboards all around the ocean.
 I think it's skin conditions as well, isn't it? Have they both got very bad rashes?
 I think they've got great skin. Australian, Australian, Australian.
 Let's all move that. All right. Next up, here's one. This is for Effie Policius. Elvis Presley once
 started a riot at the end of his show by saying to the crowd, "Girls, I'll see you back stage."
 Worst Elvis impression. It doesn't sound American let alone like Elvis.
 I mean, girls. Girl, oh, that's good. Do that. What was that one? Elvis Presley calls New York,
 Jewish. Goals. Goals. Maybe I could do the grocery. Goals. Girls. Girls. Girls. I'll see you,
 but you do it, Dan. Girls. I can't do it now. Girls. I'll see you back stage. That's very good.
 No, that was terrible. You're going to do some, uh-huh, I swear. Girls, I'll see you back stage.
 Did he do the stupid face as well? I wonder. That's stupid face. I wouldn't have been a riot if he'd done
 that face. That was a really good Elvis lip curl that you were doing. I think that's what I was trying.
 I guess it looked good on his face. Girls. I'll see you. A backstage. I don't want to hear this phrase
 anymore that I already have done. He said, "Girls, I'll see you all backstage." And that calls the riot,
 did it? Sure did. Well, our gigs are like that, aren't they? There you are. You've done that before
 haven't you? And he puts scrambling for the door. All right, let's have another. This one goes out
 to Brittany Pulliam. And it's that a million seconds is 11 and a half days. A billion seconds
 is 32 years. Very, very good. Don't confuse them. Don't confuse them. Be careful when you're
 signing a document, which might say something's a billion or a million seconds. Exactly.
 Because you don't know what you're in for. If a judge sentences you to a million seconds in prison,
 well, that's fine. Yeah. A couple of weeks. If they send us you to a billion seconds in prison,
 you've probably been done something really nauseous. Yeah. And this was Corey Taylor's fact.
 It was. Is he the lead singer? Yeah, lead singer Slipknot. Slipknot.
 Stone Sauer. And also of many books, including some that are paranormal about ghosts and so on.
 You knew him as a paranormal writer, didn't you? Before you found out that he had a little
 band on the side. Yes. Yeah. That's his side hustle. Slipknot. And he, he first, just a little background
 on our relationship with him. We found out that he was a fan of QI. And then when we released a vinyl,
 which if anyone has out there, it's such a cool item. We released a physical record of an episode.
 He did a bonus little bit that we didn't mention initially, which was right at the end.
 It's like a bonus hit and track. And then he came on an episode and then we had him on the comic
 relief episode as well when we did that big long stretch marathon. So he's been on the show a bunch
 at times. Yeah. Thank you, Corey. Yeah. That was a lot of cool days, wasn't it? But when Corey Taylor
 came on and we had vinyls. Yeah. You know, that's that fact as always, it's a way of making you see what
 the difference between a millionaire and a billionaire is effectively, right? It's it's always like,
 what's the difference between a millionaire? But there are quite a lot of billionaires and it does
 feel more achievable than when you break it down into days and years to me. You mean,
 to find achievable. I feel like there's a lot of billionaires out there now. And it feels like going
 from a millionaire to a billionaire should almost be impossible within a lifetime. But a lot of people
 are achieving it. You mean when you read that, Corey, take the fact, do you think how is it possible
 anyone's become a billionaire? Exactly. But now they're a load to them. Yeah. You don't mean it feels
 achievable, like you're giving away how much we get paid to do all those adverts we do. I think it's
 un achievable, as long as I'm saying. Yeah. Yeah. It just seems nuts. Yeah. It's also making me think,
 I wonder how long it took for Paul McCartney to become a billionaire. Is he? Yeah. He'll be a billionaire.
 No. Paul McCartney. That's a lot of money. We just said it was basically unachievable and now
 you're saying it's ridiculous that he wouldn't be. Now we have trillionaires. Surely the one. We just
 got the one. One of the Beatles is going to be a billionaire. Perhaps possibly. Yeah. Okay. Because
 he's been around for a while. He has been around for a while. But that's just compound interest,
 working in his favor. Just a few successful gigs in the 60s and you could actually do it these days.
 Almost all boomers are billionaires. Actually fun fact.
 Okay. One and I do one final fact. And this is for Harold Bergius. And your fact now is Star Trek
 was almost not commissioned because the pilot was considered too erotic. Was it erotic? Was it?
 I think Analien wanted to shag them all. Right. But it's weird, right? Because it was Star Trek that
 had the first same sex kiss. Was it? Or on screen kiss? Interracial kiss is what it's claimed it had.
 But I think actually it wasn't. But certainly that's what the pop culture of today tells us.
 Was it in the show? Was it also into species? Did it happen to be interracial in the show and
 it was a human in the Klingon or whatever? Yes. I think it was us. I think I can't remember to be
 honest. A horror. It was a horror. And it was Captain Kirk is my memory. Can I say don't write
 it? Because I can feel a million fingers reaching out towards people's nose. Tracking fingers.
 I promise I'll look it up. I don't even watch the episode. He won't. Guys, he won't.
 I've never seen Star Trek. But now you've got a reason too. Now you know there's an erotic
 it's for research. Okay. Okay, I got my back and out the room. Don't come in, don't come in. I'm
 watching the Roth of Khan. All right, listen, we need to wrap up. So congratulations to Harold,
 to Brittany, to Effie, to Matt, Dr. Rev Nicole, Sv8 Kevin, and Mitha. These are your facts. If you
 want your own fact, as I said before, join Clubfish. Go to patreon.com/clubfish. It's in the
 friend of the podcast here. You get an awesome digital certificate along with it. And yeah,
 I hope you enjoyed the episode. We're going to be back again next week with more of your facts
 to do continue to send them in to podcast@QI.com. And we'll see you in a few days for a big fish episode.
 But until then, that's it from me, Anna, and Andy. And we'll see you again. Good bye.
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
