 "Hello and welcome to another episode of Little Fish. My name's Andrew Hunter Murray. I'm
 here in the QI offices with Dan Shreiber and Anna Tajinsky and we brought some of your
 best facts. Hey guys. Hi Andy. Hey buddy. Who's got a fact? I've got a fact that's a weird
 hello Dan. You can't just be laughing from the outset. I'm a funny guy Anna. I'm
 laughing at your hello. Ouch. Okay. I'll work on that. I'll do it. I'll do it. I want
 to fact. You want to fact. I've got a fact from Jack Poupart. When Albania, this is actually
 an incredible fact and I want to do a whole podcast on it. When Albania transition from
 communism to capitalism, the result was that almost two thirds of the country ended up
 involved in pyramid schemes. Now, this is the most incredible story I can't believe I
 didn't know about. So Albania, you know, Soviet block fell and they'd never done capitalism
 before. Most people didn't really know how it works. They'd never had private banking
 before. They didn't really understand interest rates and all of these pyramid companies started
 up. Two thirds of the country invested all their savings in them. Wow. And basically it
 was where you took a deposit out and then the interest was paid by the next person's
 deposit and then that interest was paid by the next person's deposit. Do you know exactly
 how a pyramid scheme works? I thought that was how normal banking works. But I've lost
 all my money to a pyramid scheme. Do not join the Murray bank. Do they, by the way,
 when you said they went from communism to capitalism? Is that a one day? Is it like, you
 know, when countries change side of the roads for their driving side? They normally phase
 it in, I think. So all eggs are still communist, but yeah, you're buying cereal that you have
 to pay. Very confusing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's true. A lot of crashes happen.
 This was incredible though. So genuinely, the IMF said to Albania, this is fucked up. It's
 a pyramid scheme. We in the capitalist world have known about this for ages. No one believed
 it. Anyway, it all collapsed in the late 90s and there was this massive rebellion and 2,000
 people in fact died in the end of the 90s in these huge rebellions and Albania was
 looted, state armors were looted. The classic anifact, which it gets us all excited. Oh, there's
 going to be some great comic twist coming up, like a Mr. Bean episode. Thousands died. Last
 episode of Mr. Bean, everyone died. Wow. Well, that's extraordinary. It's a great old story.
 Yeah. All right. I've got one now. This is a great fact. It comes in from Igor Ferreira.
 One fact, I think is quite amusing, says Igor, is that Georgia, that's the state in the
 USA, not the Eastern European country, has two counties which share a border and they're
 named Bacon County and Coffee County. Quite a practice pair. Unfortunately, Coffee County
 does not have a strong coffee production culture. Neither does Bacon County have prominent
 swine farms. And it turns out that Bacon County was named after Senator Augustus Bacon. And
 Coffee County was named after Congressman John E. Coffee. Oh, man. Isn't that good?
 It is good. It's good. It's really good. Coffee, coffee County, John E. Coffee, really
 interesting guy. He is often confused with John Coffee, his cousin, of course, who is
 the namesake of Tennessee's Coffee County. Of course. This is stunning. And I got, I went
 a bit harking on this. Yeah. And I read through a list of 3,000 counties in America.
 Wow. And I just thought, I'd see if there were any more amusing food named counties.
 Yeah. Crisp County, Georgia, Congressman Charles Crisp, Lamb County, Texas, George Lamb,
 Orange County, Indiana, named after the Quakers from a different Orange County. And there's
 also Lecher County, Governor Robert Lecher, Cumming County, Nebraska, Thomas Cumming and
 Cock County, Tennessee, and after Senator William Cock.
 You got a huge penis, Willie Cock, Willie Cock. Yes. And there's also big horn County in Montana.
 But that is named after the local sheep. Okay. So really good stuff.
 Anyway, there you go. Counties. Lovely work. Very cool. I got a fact here. This has been
 sent in by Mark Hopper's. The fact is, is that punk band Blink 182 are the only band to
 have broken the Geneva Convention. So the email continues. Basically the cover of their
 1999 album, "Enema of the State" features a nurse with a red cross on her hat. As Blink
 182, aren't a medical organization. They were told by the American Red Cross that they
 would be breaking the Geneva Convention. And so subsequent pressings of the album remove
 the Red Cross from the cover. Really? But no one would have tried to get medical attention
 from the album. I think it's just something in place to know that you can't, yeah, that
 you can't use it. Would they have been on trial in the Hague? Were it not for that removal?
 I think so. Right now, next to Sloboda. Yeah, I think that's exactly why they had to remove
 it. Interesting little thing that I can hear, even though it's a pre-recorded show, I can
 hear thousands of people yelling out right now. I think I might be about to yell it out.
 Did you just say that that email was sent in by someone called Mark Hopper's? Oh, okay.
 Mark Hopper's is one of the members of the band. Now, either Andy, you've misread the name
 of the person sending in the email. Always possible. Or it's possible, though, that Blink
 182, listen to our show and send in this fact. But that's Mark from the, he's the bassist
 in Blink 182. Should I write back? I was going to shout it down as you keep saying Blink
 182, yeah. I know, where? Everyone I know says Blink 182. But I think the full name of
 course is Blink 182. Yeah. Yeah, I actually don't know. That's, I've always called them
 Blink 182. Just, yeah. I call them Blink 9-score and 2. Well, in French, of course, the Blink
 song catcher that the... It must, it's got to be a big fan of his who's pretending to be
 him and his email. Well, yeah, because then it says source, this interview
 by bassist Mark Hopper's. So why would you source yourself rather than just saying, hey,
 it's Mark Hopper's? That must have just copied out the email. That must be wrong. I'll check that
 later. Unless, of course, Mark Hopper's, it just happens to have the same name as the bassist
 from Blink 182. And that has interest in them. And it's on live reading about them and,
 yeah, knows all about them. That's possible, too. But didn't think it worth putting in the
 email itself just so you know, I'm not that Mark Hopper's. Yeah, because you would have assumed
 that no one would have, right? Bones would have assumed that the bassist would write
 in citing an interview with himself. With himself. I think he's testing you to see if
 you spot it. And it bypassed some people, but it stopped at you. The buck stopped at you,
 Dan. I love him. I think they're amazing. The album cover, by the way, this wasn't the
 only change that it went through. So the Red Cross was taken away. But also there was a
 capital B for Blink on the album initially. And their logo was a lowercase B. So then
 that got changed as they did the repressing of it as well. It's almost like a reverse
 typo, isn't it? Someone's correctly ascertained that that's the first word of the sentence
 search and have a nice capital letter. And they've had to do a deliberately get it wrong.
 They're punk. Do we know why? What? So they looked at the capital B on the first pressing
 and thought, not punk enough? No, no, it's they have a logo and they have a typeface
 and they have a style of writing. It's quite sometimes when people write no such thing
 as a fish and it's a small A for as a. Yes. And that gives me the big old egg. It gives
 me the screaming out of that. But I'm not a cool punk. I think the punkiest thing to do
 would be to not care whether it's enough or a lowercase B. Yeah. Well then this was there's
 more changes to this album cover. Yeah. The typo. And also the cross on the front. Then
 there was a Malaysian edition where so the front cover is a nurse, but she's dressed
 very sexily. Let's say that. Okay. And there's cleavage and they were like no cleavage
 thank you. So the nurse's top gets covered. So it knocks out the cleavage on the Malaysian
 cover. So you've got three changes to one album cover, not very punk to cover up a sexy
 nurse's cleavage. No. But it's also it's more like a carry on film. I don't know how punk
 the Malaysian government are, but I guess there's our answer. But they were so silly because
 that album, Enema of the States, it was followed up by an album called Take Off Your Pants
 and Jacket. And they used to have tours called The Poo Poo Pee Pee Tour. They were very silly
 back in the day. And then they got a bit serious and they fell out with each other. And very
 recently because of a few sad moments for them, Mark Hoppas was diagnosed with cancer and
 they reconnected off the back of it. They found their comedy again. So their last year's
 tour was called Missionary Impossible. And it feels like the first time in a while that
 they've really got funny again. Right. And so Mark, if you're listening, we love you.
 I'm sorry, they do. You got funny again. After those bleak unfunny years at
 down just minutes. No, no, no. Oh, Jesus. I would have thought that was a fact for you, Anna.
 It contains a sudden unexpected serious twist. All right. You want another one? Yeah.
 From Emily Johns. And this is that Emma Sharp was the first woman to complete a thousand
 mile walk in a thousand hours. She did this outside of pub armed with pistols whilst
 people tried to poison her. Unsurprisingly, this was the first and last time she did any sort
 of walking event. So hang on. Sorry. She did the walk outside of pub. Did she walk a mile
 or half of my lap and half of my back a thousand times? No, I think she walked a long way.
 I think she began outside the pub. I don't know if she was just walking around around
 the pub waiting for it to open. I don't think. I've been there, Emma Sharp. God, do you
 know? You've got to keep yourself busy. Haven't you? Talks ticking. When will 7am arrive?
 Yeah. And Emily, quite rightly says she's the most incredible woman and deserves the
 world to know about her. And she is great. And it reminded me of this thing that we've never
 talked about, which is pedestrianism, which James and I covered a bit in our sports.
 Oh, okay. We've done a tiny bit, but many years ago. Yes. This mad craze in the late 19th
 century, middle 19th century for women to go on these big, big, long walks very competitively.
 And this woman, they were trying to poison her, by the way, I think because there were lots
 of bets laid on whether she could do it or not. And so vested interest once you put a
 ground down, you all try to jeopardize someone's chances. Really good. You do for a grand. Kill
 someone is. Well, actually, it's always just to make a sick. Maybe it was just a big
 bout of diarrhea or something. We don't know. We don't know. Would you give someone
 explosive diarrhea for a grand in modern money, in modern money, yeah, GBP pound sterling.
 GBP, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. How would you go about doing it? What do you mean? Well, how you
 giving someone explosive diarrhea? I'd put it in the water because everyone needs water
 eventually. Do you have explosive diarrhea? And you're passing it on? Tend. There are ways
 of giving people diarrhea. They're all putting diarrhea in their phones. Speaks the voice
 of experience, apparently. I'm a laxative. I'm a laxative. Not a shit in the water, Jesus.
 God, that's pretty dark. You don't, you were going to do that. You have to do it in the tea
 because water. That's too obvious. I know. I don't shit. It is clear. Clear water bottle. That
 will do it. Oh, I love corn in my water. God. I mean, you'd be giving someone the
 runs to stop them doing a walk. That is ironic. It's pleasing. It's worth it for the headline,
 isn't it, in the papers. Let me check that mark hoppus right now. Checking the mark hoppus.
 They're checking mark hoppus. I lent upon a hoppus gate. What's that? That's from the dark
 bling thrush poem by Thomas Hardy. I'd just like to say, Dan, I'm so sorry that fact came
 in from Sven Saber, not from mark hoppus. Sven, I'm really sorry. That was your facts. Sven Saber.
 Do you want another? Yeah. This I love. I absolutely love. It's from lettuce and lettuce
 rights. The fact I would like to share with you is that the Romney Hives and Dim Church miniature
 railway in Kent claimed to have built the only armoured miniature train in the world.
 Well, I think they have. They did. It was during the war. Second, my war. Basically, I have
 cycled the route for this miniature railway. Hashtag legend. It was the last time hashtags
 been used to denote the cool. So it's a great miniature railway. It's in Kent, it's Romney
 Hives and Dim Church, which is the route it goes around. Anyway, lettuce rights. In the summer
 of 1940, my newly conscripted grandfather was posted to guard the miniature railway. He
 said it was quite boring, as all he had to do was paint the coal white to make sure nobody
 was stealing it. I don't know if that's a sort of grandfatherly joke or something. So having
 spent a lifetime idly wondering why Hitler would want to ride on this miniature train in
 particular and why it needed to be armoured, it turns out they were using it for transporting
 materials to the channel because they were planning D day. There was this huge thing called
 Operation Pluto, which is absolutely mega. It was a pipeline under the ocean. So Pluto.
 It was because 60% of what was needed by weight in northern France after the invasion was going
 to be fuel. It's going to be oil by volume and mass and weight. That's most of what you
 need is just to keep your military going. So they had to lay a pipeline under the ocean incredibly
 rapidly and stop it being bombed. And there are all these places around the area which are
 like fake bungalows, which are actually pumping stations for oil. They built fake stations.
 There was a fake garage fake ice cream shop and they were just a foot, they were just pumping
 stations. And they're just pumping oil through the pipeline to get it from the main British
 network down to the coast and then over the channel. So it's an amazing bit of history and
 it has this miniature train. That's incredible. And so this girl's grandfather was guarding
 the miniature train that was carrying coal to the boat. Oh, sorry, carrying supplies for
 that. That is amazing. How small is the train? It's a key question because there are two types
 of miniature train and I was picturing for a long time like in a model village. That's
 all I've got to say. It's not a model railway. It's a miniature train. It's a crucial difference.
 So I was thinking it's not very far to cycle, Andy. That's not brag about that.
 It's only a meter and a half. We've got half a cup of oil on the train coming our way.
 No, sorry. When I say miniature railway, I could sit on it, but probably not two of me
 abreast could sit on it. Do you know what I mean? It's sort of about a person and a bit wise.
 So what you take your kids on it like exactly exactly that. Yeah. And a little fact for you,
 Dan, after the war, it was reopened and the ribbon was cut by Laurel and Hardy.
 Because you're really nice. So anyway, anyway, scissors? One pair of scissors.
 I don't know. I'm so sorry. I failed you, Dan. If I didn't angle you that information.
 Anyway, let us incredible that your grandfather was part of this. That's so cool. Yeah,
 that's brilliant. What a connection. I have another one. This is from Walt Mankowski. I just saw
 this fact tonight and it's too good not to share since Abraham Lincoln's assassination in 1865,
 every US president has been alive at the same time as Herbert Hoover.
 That is so cool. Incredible, right? Not all at the same time. Not all at the same time.
 It's so important to read those last three words. Except for that vampire Obama.
 Because there will be a thriving community of people who think Obama was a vampire out there somewhere.
 Hoover was president for four years only from 1929 to 1933, but he lived until he was 90,
 providing plenty of time for other presidents to overlap with him. So then, Walt says,
 amazing bonus fact. Kamala Harris was born on October the 20th 1964. Herbert Hoover died October
 20th 1964. The same day. Now, the question is, did Kamala Harris get born before he died?
 Because if she got born after he died, then he was obviously reincarnated as Kamala Harris.
 Is that what you're saying? Wonderful logic. That's a very good point. So that's where Walt
 ends his email. Great news. Great news, Mrs. Harris. You've had your baby and we're proud to report
 that it's been inhabited by the soul of Herbert Hoover. You'd cry with joy. You know, you're probably
 crying anyway, but to enjoy it with me. Absolutely. Yeah. But she of course didn't become president.
 Well, this is exciting. It's the first time I've ever had an email where the correspondent has sent
 an update email saying I found out the exact timings. Hoover died at 1135 AM ET in New York City.
 Harris was born at 928 PM PT, Pacific time in Oakland, California, which is three hours behind New
 York. So she missed him like 13 hours. And that's why she didn't become the president. That's it.
 And she was the only person not born in his lifetime. So that's what the Democrats need to be
 focusing on. Yes. For the next election is just where you were alive before that date in 1964.
 Pete Buttigieg, I'm afraid you're out. We're going to have to go Bernie. Yeah.
 It's good. So a lot of people are saying we need even older leaders in America. So I think
 that's amazing. That is a main campaign platform. You might as well. I don't like to anyone.
 Yeah. I actually, and I'm terrible at counting. So I think these are correct. But I looked into
 how many Prime Ministers does Andy Burnham overlap with the current UK Prime Minister?
 How many do you think? So he's what? 55? How many people does he overlap with the right?
 So how many Prime Ministers? So how many Prime Ministers?
 I'm going to say 11. It was born in 1970. Yeah, I think 11's a pretty good show because there was
 a period where there weren't too many. And then we've had lots recently. If my numbers are correct.
 Yeah. That's 17. Sorry. Yeah. I forgot we've had lots recently. Yeah.
 17. There was a big rush recently. Wasn't there? Up at number.
 The first Prime Minister, as far as I can see, who he wasn't alive for, was Churchill.
 I think that's just missed him. John Major, I believe, is 21. Wow. I'd not years old.
 He overlaps with 21 Prime Ministers over the UK. Nice.
 Mega. Yeah. So far, there might be more. There'll be more. I think it's crossed.
 Allie writing from Wicklow in Ireland, miniature horses do not like bananas but will happily eat
 banana skin. Whereas Arabian horses will eat banana, but not the skin. What's going on there?
 So they're perfectly teamed. Perfect match. It's Jack's Pratt and his wife.
 Can I check? Miniature horses. Do you mean horses that are tiny, the size of a few inches tall?
 Or do you mean model horses? It's a really good point. I didn't ask. Yeah, because obviously
 it was the first you need miniature bananas, wouldn't you? All right, back.
 Great. Caitlin O'Brien, I was looking up Land Use in the UK. Yes. Of course you are.
 I work in museums. This is the kind of workplace chat we have, says Caitlin.
 According to this article, "Woking is 11% golf course, but the lake district is only 3% lake."
 This means that working is nearly four times more golf than the lake district has lake.
 Great. Yeah, that's really good. Is that a original calculation?
 No, I think it's from according to this article. Brilliant. Pretty cool, though.
 It's a sign of the time, doesn't it, that I can't now hear the place name "Woking" without
 thinking that it's like a verb referring to being overly obsessive about people's gender pronouns
 or whatever. They should do a survey on that. I'll see how many work people are in working.
 That's a good idea. Yeah. If you're listening. You go for more like. Yes. All right, now let's move to phase
 two of Little Fish. Fact allocation. So if you join Club Fish, our exclusive members club,
 patreon.com/clubfish. And if you join at the highest tier, which is friend of the podcast,
 then you will get exclusive ownership, custodian ship of one of our headline facts from the last
 12 years of doing this podcast and that'll be yours forever. So do go to patreon.com/clubfish to
 check it out. Also, if you want to see the other tiers, there are extra shows, there are longer shows.
 Those are all sorts of wonderful stuff there. So go and do that now. Right. Let's have some
 fact allocations. Who's up first? I've got one here. This is now under the custodian ship of Jack
 O'Connor and it is that TV star David Frost used to host live shows eight nights a week. Brilliant.
 I love this fact so much. This was and he was he was on TV non-stop multiple programs,
 but the reason he was able to be on TV eight nights a week is because he used to do four nights,
 I think it was in the UK. And at the end of the show, he would get on Concord and on the very same
 night, do a show in America on TV and then played out for the rest of the week. So he was working seven
 nights a week, but he managed to fit eight nights in as a result. It's brilliant. You can't do that
 anymore because we don't have Concord. And so that's not possible. So this is a sort of fact locked
 in time. You could do it, but I think you would have to be like next to Samoa or something. You'd have
 to be on one side and then the other side of the international day side. It's like Hawaii and then... Good
 news. We've booked you for Graham Norton's show. Unfortunately, it's his eighth evening recording in
 Samoa. If you could fund the travel there. Yeah, it's a great fact. That was also I was looking
 back through that episode when I saw this fact. And it's where we mentioned, people I haven't
 thought about since, Robozo and Aplanel. The pranksters who were Richard Nixon's close friends
 and who were constantly getting into scrapes. Yes, they delivered him a prostitute in a suitcase if
 I remember rightly. He's from Samoa. Classic Amazon. Was she alive? She was alive, guys. This is
 case. She was in a carpet. I think it was in a suitcase. Oh my god, those two characters. You might as well
 have just mentioned to my best friends from school that I just somehow forgot about and they walked
 in the room. I'm feeling so much joy right now. Yeah, me too. I'm going to go back and listen to that.
 Robozo and Aplanel. Anyway, here's another fact for another new owner. And this is a fact for
 Neil's Lindholt. And this is that the original chill pill was a pill you took when you had a chill
 brilliant simple but effective old school medicines. Yes, which all worked definitely.
 Should we have another one here? Yeah, this one goes out to Owl, who I think is Alice. I don't want
 to presume from your email address. But the fact is tomorrow will be the longest day of your life.
 And this is specifically tailored to you, Owl or Alice. This is going to be a really rough day,
 I'm afraid. This is actually such a good thing to suggest you frame up on your wall. I know next
 you live love, love. It's because the earth's days are getting longer all the time because earth is
 gradually slowing down. Does that make it more cheerful? No, not really. You won't notice it.
 You don't need to reset your alarm or anything. It's fine. No. It's by a fraction of a fraction of
 a second. So so so cheer up. I read recently, I happened to read an article about this about
 that you know there's huge time committees talking about the leap seconds. So that's why we have
 leap seconds out of every few years. And they're at the moment thinking that we might stop having
 leap seconds and instead we'll have a leap hour every few hundred years. Wow. That's cool.
 It's a kind of exciting thing. Yeah, really exciting. When would we be due our first leap hour?
 I think in like way after we've all died. Really? Yeah, shame to miss it. Yeah, I know, but maybe
 a great grandchildren. Yeah, we'll get that. All right, let's get to another fact. This goes out to
 Michael Smith. Your fact now is in 1457, men with mustaches were banned from Dublin. Wow, we're
 now I'm sure that not. No, don't risk it. Don't sell it if you're planning a trip. No, I think comfortably
 you can wear a mustache now in Dublin. You can. This was because the a mustache was a sign of
 thing Irish basically back in the day. And Irish people weren't allowed in Dublin when the English had
 control over it. And so it was just a way of saying, if you're English and you've got my star,
 shave it off. Otherwise, I'll think you're Irish. And it's all to do with the pale, isn't it? Yes.
 You can be beyond beyond the pale. Now the line between English owned and Irish owned. That's
 right. Yeah, yeah. Great fact. Very good. He was Michael. Here's one. This is for tomorrow Morgan.
 And this is that diplodocuses could break the sound barrier. Nature's whip. I think that's what
 they would do. They would they would they would whip their diplodocase tail and it would create
 such a snapback that you would get a little sonic boom. And you would break the sound barrier.
 So cool. Must be right. Like Concord. Yes. Yes. But are we just, you know, do we think there's
 nothing going on there? Are we saying nothing? What are we saying? Over the Concord of their day.
 They were. People used to ride on their tails. The ancient David Frost could do
 age shows a week. Yeah, that's a lovely fact. Really cool. And you'll be able to do,
 do you ever do that towel whipping trip? Yes. Imagine what a good one diplodocuses could do. Not
 could really whip the shit out of your thigh. No, never did that. You never whipped anyone's thigh
 with a towel and made it bleed. No, no, no. I've been towel whipped. Don't get me wrong. Of course.
 I've been on the one end or another of a towel with being doesn't matter. How do you? I don't think
 I ever have. No, I haven't. It's the sort of thing that I think you get an American locker room.
 Yeah. Not in British ones. In British schools, you're too busy. So just stamping on each other's nuts
 and things to fanny about with towel, towel snapping. Yeah. And inside into your childhood.
 Good days. Let's have another fact. This one goes out to Jamie Minter. Jamie, your fact,
 forever now is that more and more scientists are describing their findings as astounding.
 Which I think was about ego in science, wasn't it? And you were having to sex up your results
 basically and say, this is absolutely astounding. You know, it might have been a completely normal
 study that just proved something that you thought before anyway. They're getting emotional is the thing.
 Remove emotion from your findings. All right.
 Sammy, are you warning? All right, let me give another fact out to Sam Elam. Even though we're not
 sure it exists, the new planet, planet nine, is the most planetary planet of all the planets.
 Great fact. Great fact. I think it was this one of yours, Dan. It was. Well, I do know what I believe I
 was given this by James. We were talking one day and he said this and I said, I need to take that
 to the show. And that makes sense because I looked it up in the archive and you said it is the
 headline, but then the explanation was next to the initials, J.H. So I think you said it was headline
 and he said, and James, my system will explain to you. What does it mean? Sometimes a team needs two
 people want to kick the header and want to let it in the net, you know? Absolutely. In this case,
 James was getting us a goal, but could he do it? There was no ball heading towards his head. Wait,
 so are you the ball? Sounds like you're the ball. It certainly feels like I'm the ball at this show,
 sometimes. Do you have one last one? Yeah. Let's have one last one and this one goes out to William
 Lam. The first use of the word snowmageddon came in the same press release as the first apology
 for the word snowmageddon. Beautiful. That's just the Canadian government. We were, yes, they said, sorry
 about the word snowmageddon, obviously, it's very important in the press release about it, which
 was in 2008. I don't know if snowmageddon is still much in use in Canada. I haven't seen it,
 but I'm not Canadian, so I don't know. Yes, snowmageddon, do you use it? podcast@qy.com, which is the
 email address to write to, but we don't have time now to get into it because we have to thank all of
 our new fact custodians and that is William Sam, Jamie, Tamara, Michael, Arrell, Nils and Jack.
 Thank you so much to all of you for joining and becoming friends of the podcast on
 Clubfish. If you would like to join at any tier, it makes a massive difference to us and it really
 helps support the show and you get a load of extra wonderful fish stuff at yourself. So patreon.com/clubfish.
 That's it for this episode of Little Fish. We'll be back again in four days with another big fish,
 but we may be back depending on the broadcasting schedule in two days with another drop as a line,
 which is only accessible if you join Clubfish. You don't need to worry about any of that. That's for
 our internal systems. I think I'm trying to say thanks to Den and Anna and we'll see you again soon.
 Bye for now.
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
