 *sad piano music*
 Hello, and welcome to another episode of no such thing as a fish, a weekly podcast
 coming to you from the QI offices in Covert Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber, I am sitting here with James Harkin, Anna Chazinski, and Andrew
 Hunch and Murray, and once again we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite
 facts from the last seven days, and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with you, James.
 Okay, my fact this week is that due to climate change, nine out of the 21 cities that have
 hosted the Winter Olympics will be too warm to do so by 2050.
 I was glad to see that you put climate change in air quotes there, James, just for the
 second. It's so cold, climate change. Yeah, sure they will.
 I did not do that to people at home, I wouldn't do that, but this is about the Winter Olympics
 and I'm really excited because the opening ceremony is happening now as we're doing this
 podcast.
 Is it really?
 Just right now.
 And by the time this goes out it will be one week into the Olympics, and Britain will
 be top of the medals chart, probably.
 Wow.
 I've heard things about Australia having a good year, so.
 Are they?
 Have you got a lot of snow in Australia?
 No, but apparently nowhere does any more, so it's actually playing to our favour.
 Just on who's going to be where are the medals charts, there's a guy from Tonga.
 Is there?
 A head of him?
 No.
 He's really good.
 His name, and I hope I pronounce it right, is Peter Talfa Tafua, and he tried to learn
 cross-country skiing in a year.
 He's the only Tonga athlete ever to have been in the summer and the Winter Olympics.
 Wow.
 He did all his training on roller skis and paved roads.
 He's basically a one-man cool runnings.
 He hates it as well.
 He's the other thing.
 He said, "Every time I ski, I feel like I die a little inside.
 I still haven't had a race where I felt completely happy."
 Oh, no.
 So, even though this, you know, the climate is going to warm, and it's going to be all ruined
 by 2050, at the moment, everyone's really whining about how cold it is, aren't they?
 In Pyongchang, apparently, it's really absolutely freezing, but to an extent, the people don't
 really like, so I think it's meant to be about -10, but the windshield factor there, because
 it's so windy, brings it down to -25.
 And they're all tweeting that they can't do anything, and the Australian Olympic athlete
 called Lydia Lassiller was asked to be flag bearer in the ceremony, and she said, "It's
 too cold.
 It's bad for my knees.
 I'm not going to be flag bearer for my country, sorry."
 Wow.
 Is she going at all?
 Yeah, yeah, she's going, but she's the same.
 Of course you think, if you go to the Winter Olympics, you should know what you're letting
 yourself in for, which is that it's going to be cold.
 Just wear an extra jumper.
 You wear an extra jumper, yeah.
 Maybe bring some gloves.
 I have no sympathy.
 Pyeongchang is 700 meters above sea level, and they call that the Happy 700, and they say that
 it's the optimal altitude for humans and animals to live.
 Really?
 Apparently.
 It is.
 It is the coldest place on Earth for its altitude.
 Is that right?
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 And I think it's kind of too cold for it, it doesn't snow very much, so it's very dry,
 and it's mostly using fake snow, I think.
 Well, this guy from Tonga is going to be right at home, isn't he?
 He's going to be the other guy who could do it.
 Yeah, they stockpile fake snow.
 Yeah.
 So, in Sachi, when Sachi had the Winter Olympics, it was quite warm there.
 They had the opposite problem to what they have now, and they stockpiled 60 million cubic
 feet of snow just so that they could layer it properly and beat the ski on it.
 Sachi is definitely one of these that will be too warm by 2015.
 That is probably too warm now.
 Wow.
 It was probably too warm when it happened.
 I think you're right.
 Well, have you seen all the reports of the 2022 Olympics, the Winter Olympics?
 This is in Beijing, so Beijing won it, and the photos that they showed of dead in the middle
 of their winter was of the mountain range where it's going to be taking place, and it's
 just green.
 A whole thing.
 There's just no snow at all.
 And so they're going to be using a lot of fake snow as well, and they won it off Almaty,
 which is Kazakhstan, or yeah, Almaty and Kazakhstan, and they're slogan to rub it in was keeping
 it real, because they were like, we've actually got snow for this winter Olympics, and they
 still lost.
 Do you know, in 1960, for the 1960 Winter Olympics, one of the cities that BED was Karachi in Pakistan?
 Wow.
 But do you have Himalayas there, I guess?
 Not in Karachi, actually.
 They do have it in the north of the country, but they don't have it there.
 They have no traditions of any winter sports.
 It's a tropical city on the Arabian Sea, and the coldest temperature, it has ever had
 that it's entire history, is zero degrees, never, ever gone below zero.
 Wow.
 They didn't win.
 That's the thing about China, though, is that there's no tradition of skiing there, and
 as a result, China has, with classic Chinese efficiency, just said, right, everyone is going
 to learn to ski now.
 So they've created 800 ski results, and they want, in the next four years, to get 300
 million people skiing.
 Do your China has more statues of footballers, soccer players than any other country apart from
 Britain?
 Does it really?
 Yeah, just of Chinese footballers, or?
 I think they're mostly not Chinese footballers.
 Yeah, there'll be many British ones going to it.
 Or Europeans, yeah, or Brazilians.
 Why do they do that?
 Because they like statues, and they like football.
 Fair enough.
 So they've taken story things, story checks out.
 Did you hear about the Norwegian team at the Winter Olympics this year?
 No.
 No.
 Every team, apparently, I didn't know this.
 They take their own chefs to cook for you.
 And the Norwegian team chefs ordered for the team's feeding for the next fortnight.
 1500 eggs from a Korean delivery service.
 Unfortunately, they made a slight mistake in translation, and they got 15,000 eggs delivered
 to them.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 I've done that on a cardo before.
 They said, yeah, the truck arrived, and they just kept bringing eggs in.
 And basically, they got half a lorry full of eggs.
 What are they going to do with them?
 Well, what's funny is, I did find this story, actually, and there's a quote where everyone's
 trying to make a massive story out of it, but all the quotes that they come back with,
 they're just like, look, they'll probably use them, I guess.
 I don't know.
 Maybe the people that supplied them will take them back.
 I don't know.
 It's not a big issue.
 No one cares.
 It's not going to give us something.
 I bet the people who had to heave the eggs all the way inside, and then were told
 to remove them again.
 Care quite a lot.
 Yeah, Dan, that's a big story for those guys.
 I think about the poor delivery guys.
 I was looking into sports at the Winter Olympics that no longer exist, because I remember
 ages ago, we did an actual Summer Olympics episode, and we found some things that used
 to be a part of it.
 There's quite a few good ones as well on this.
 They used to do figure skating on skis today.
 Yeah.
 It was like ski ballet, I think.
 It was either nicknamed or officially called, and so you could use the poles of the cross-country
 skiing poles to do flips and so on, and it featured into Winter Olympics, but no longer
 done.
 Yeah.
 They used to have a medal for mountain climbing.
 Did they?
 Well, they once had an award given out for mountain climbers, at the end of the very first
 Winter Olympics.
 Pierre Coubertin, the father of the Olympics.
 He gave out a medal for Alpinisma, which is mountaineering, to Charles Granville Bruce,
 and he had led an expedition to Mount Everest two years before, and it was to say, "Good
 on you."
 All right.
 It was to say "Good on you" for the Everest thing.
 It wasn't actually because he'd won mountain climbing in that.
 But Wooden Tournament.
 That guy didn't make it to the top of Everest, did he?
 He did not.
 So, why did he get a medal?
 Well, he tried.
 It was a consolation prize.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 What was his name, sorry?
 Charles Granville Bruce.
 Right, okay.
 The ski drawing used to be a thing, didn't it? It was in the 1928 Olympics in Samarits,
 and it's dog-pulled sledding.
 Yes.
 Where the dogs basically compete on your behalf.
 I don't really know why we don't still do this.
 It seems great, and it's a commonly done thing across kind of Northern Scandinavia.
 It wasn't just dogs.
 It was horses.
 You could be pulled by horses.
 Yeah.
 Would you have dogs against horses?
 I don't know.
 Can you find that out?
 Did you manage to find that out?
 I think you've got to assume that you couldn't.
 No.
 You could have those.
 One of those is going to be better than the other.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Hey, whichever one's better, you wouldn't choose the other one.
 But it only appeared once, and both horses and dogs competed.
 So did they do separate races?
 Was that the dog race?
 You could calculate how many dogs equaled one horse, and then have a rough rule of thumb
 for that.
 Because some horses are better than other horses.
 Yeah, you could have set them ponies against greyhounds, and then, actually, that would
 probably even out.
 I don't think greyhounds are strong enough.
 What if you had 200 greyhounds?
 It's very hard to fit them on the podium.
 I think it's quite important what you've been doing afterwards.
 But then could you just do that with any animals?
 Like with, you know, 5,000 snails off, half an elephant.
 Yeah.
 Half an elephant.
 James, you've come to regret your half an elephant choice, I think.
 Have you guys heard of the ice masters?
 No.
 They're real people.
 And they control the snow and the ice for winter Olympic games.
 Okay.
 But there's an amazing article about them in the Smithsonian.
 And before the games, they will spray onto, like, the bobsled tracks, for example, hundreds
 of paper thin coats of ultra-purified water.
 So it makes it completely smooth, so there are no bubbles, there are no impurities.
 Because you can't just send a zamboni down the loose track.
 And you can't just...
 You can't zamboni it.
 So you can't cheat in the loose.
 And the way that people have cheated in the loose before is by heasing their sleds.
 So in 1968, the East German women's team heated the bottom of their sleds, and so that slightly
 melts the snow as you're going down, and it reduces friction.
 Wow.
 But it used to be legal, I think, in the very earliest games.
 It was unorthodox.
 People would call you a maverick, but it wasn't explicitly banned.
 Is that right?
 Yeah.
 Do you know, in golf, you're allowed to heat your balls before the game starts, but you're
 not allowed to artificially heat them during the round.
 What was the advantage of heating your balls in golf?
 Well, you know, they just stick to your thighs left, I guess, though.
 Stick to your thighs.
 Wow.
 That was an issue.
 Turned does a lot of nude golfing.
 They might fly further.
 I don't know.
 I don't think anyone actually does this, but it is technically legal.
 What qualifies as artificially heasing them, if they're just in your pocket?
 That's fine.
 Could you tuck them in your armpit?
 It would mess with your stroke, wouldn't it?
 Yeah, it would.
 But your caddy could tuck them in his armpit.
 Yeah.
 The US have heated jackets this year.
 Yeah, Ralph Lauren have designed their jackets, and they've got this super high tech design
 where they contain apparently electronic conductive inks, which are printed inside their
 jacket in the shape of the American flag, and they're attached to a battery pack.
 And so it means that all the US competitors doing drill and fix the room artificially
 heat it.
 He don't wish harm on anyone, but I really, if those batteries do happen to overheat the
 satellite.
 Oh, imagine just having a massive American flag stars and stripes tattoo on your bag.
 What happened?
 Ralph Lauren happened.
 Yeah.
 That's quite nice though, because if everyone's outside having a cigarette, can everyone
 just gather around the Americans to get heat off them?
 I'm not sure during the Winter Olympics everyone goes outside for a cigarette.
 You know Eddie the Eagle, our British celebrity who competed in the 1988 Olympics for anyone
 who doesn't know, and he was the only ski jumper to have competed for the UK, and he was
 terrible.
 He meant they had to change the rules of the Olympics to make sure such terrible people
 couldn't qualify in future.
 But he was a plasterer when he entered, and he still works as a plasterer in Stroud.
 Cool.
 Which I just find so weird.
 He's such a known name to everyone in Britain.
 He's just hanging out in Stroud being a plasterer.
 Must be weird to have a life where you're just a plasterer all the time, and then just for
 two months, you're the most famous person in the whole of Britain, and you go to the Olympics
 and then you were plasterer again.
 So was that.
 So when they made that movie of him, do you think he arrived at the cinema thinking, finally,
 my plastering career is going to see it.
 Oh, what?
 They picked that one.
 A fan?
 OK, there's time for fact number two, and that is Chazinski.
 My fact this week is that Canada has a strategic maple syrup reserve, and in 2012, a quarter
 of the maple syrup in it was stolen.
 And I love this.
 I only just found out about this, but this is in Quebec, so Canada tapped 75% at least
 of the global supply of maple syrup.
 And so it provides a lot of jobs for people.
 And so in the same way that there needs to be an oil reserve in the US, because the fluctuations
 in the market, or if the maple trees suddenly die or whatever in Canada, they have a massive
 reserve, so that the prices can stay stable and so that the supply can stay stable.
 Stable or artificially high?
 Or artificially high.
 If you believe the whole cartel, this is a mafia kind of argument, which some do.
 Some do.
 I don't.
 No, no.
 You wouldn't want to get in trouble with those guys.
 This was the largest theft ever investigated by Quebec police in their entire history.
 That's kind of nice that it got to be something, a local product, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 It was $30 million worth was stolen, which I think was about 6,000 barrels.
 6,000 barrels.
 It was enough maple syrup to put one tablespoon on 183 million flapjacks.
 OK.
 Would you put maple syrup on a flapjack?
 I think that maybe, now I read that, because I thought it said pancakes, and then I read
 it, and it said flapjacks.
 So, there are two options here.
 One, I've written down the wrong word.
 More likely, I've copy-pasted that word, and the word flapjack means something different
 in colour.
 Ah.
 Anyway, there are these guys.
 The federation-de-product-aerical de Quebec, which is, as you say, the syrup produces union.
 And basically, they do.
 They run the whole show.
 You're not legally allowed to sell maple syrup to anyone except them.
 And then they stockpile it, so that if the farmers have a really good year, buying
 it, can't buy it really, really cheaply, and then screw the farmers over the next season.
 However, a lot of farmers want freedom to stop doing that.
 They do, because they can do things like, I didn't quite realise that this is how cartels
 work, but the farmers don't get paid until the stockpilers have actually sold their syrup.
 So, if they just decide that there's been a lot of maple syrup made that year, so they're
 not going to sell a very high proportion of it, then the farmers aren't going to get
 paid for their maple syrup until it's gone out into the market, which does seem a bit
 frustrating.
 And haven't they done what happened in America in 2002, a farmer called Marvin Horn decided
 that he was not going to hand over his raisins anymore?
 So the government, since World War II, had been stockpiling excess raisins from farmers,
 because the market was flooded, basically, with raisins, and they didn't know what to do.
 So they stopped farmers had to give any extra raisins that they had just over to the government.
 And this guy, Marvin Horn, he said he wasn't going to hand them over anymore.
 The government sued him for $680,000, but he won the case in the end.
 Yeah, we won off to 13 years of grinding lawsuits in legal battles.
 I mean, I know.
 Well, doesn't everyone just do that?
 There just needs to be one tree sapon farmer who's going to spend 13 years for the cause
 of maple syrup in Canada.
 I guess.
 I think no one really wants to be the first one to do that.
 But the raisin reserve is unbelievable.
 Yeah, wow.
 It's a real thing.
 And it's still excess.
 They're not even sure if they're going to go back to doing it, because this lawsuit has
 thrown up everything up in the air, and they might cancel it now.
 Wow.
 I can't believe there's been a massive raisin stockpile.
 Well, this is why this huge theft of all the maple syrup happened as well.
 It's groups who are kind of objecting to this mafia-like hold they have over the market.
 And it's discovered in July 2012 when they just did a routine check of this massive reserve.
 And they realised that one of the barrels kind of tipped over too easily, and they looked
 inside it, and they realised it was empty.
 And then they inspected all the barrels and so many loads of them were filled with water.
 And they realised that somehow someone had been siphoning out maple syrup, and they found
 the people eventually who'd done it, and it turned out they'd hired some space out in
 the big storage in the big warehouse, and they'd just been gradually siphoning the maple
 syrup out.
 So when you siphon petrol, you have to suck a little bit out, don't you?
 And then you spit it out of your mouth.
 I only know this from movies, and then you can siphon it by using the physics of siphons.
 Yes.
 And it's the same with maple syrup.
 And if so, would you spit it out, probably not?
 No.
 You spit it out, but only onto a nearby pancake.
 Or flapjack.
 Or flapjack.
 And the other thing is, once you steal all these barrels of maple syrup, what do you do?
 Is there like a black market of maple syrup?
 Yes.
 A guy down the pub says, I've got a barrel here.
 Yes.
 There's a big black market.
 That's what the rebels do.
 Yeah, the black market maple syrup dealing is an issue in Canada, and that's how people
 are getting around it.
 So there are quite a few.
 That's interesting.
 Apparently, the price of a barrel of maple syrup is around $2,000, 13 times the price
 of crude oil.
 Wow.
 So it's extremely expensive.
 And tastier to suck out of a siphon?
 Yes, but less good for running a car.
 Yep.
 They both got their advantages and disadvantages.
 It would be a boring world if we were all alike.
 But here's a thing.
 If you are showing some pancakes or flapjacks on television for an advert, you want
 to put maple syrup on it.
 They often use motor oil because it looks better on camera than maple syrup.
 But what about the demonstrator lady who then has to start eating it?
 You see her.
 You see her take it and she shoves it into a car to exhaust the fire.
 Is that what you do with your motor oil?
 My car doesn't work.
 It's really weird.
 So maple syrup, I didn't really know that you
 could just cut into the side of a tree and it just comes out.
 Not any old tree.
 A good point.
 That has to be a maple tree.
 Yes.
 With though, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 It's because trees store it in their roots for winter and then they convert it to sugar.
 They store starch and then they convert it to sugar and then that's the sap.
 And then you have to concentrate it about 50 times because it just comes out as a much
 thinner liquid.
 And the Algonquian aborigines would concentrate it.
 They would either drop a hot stone in so that boils off the liquid or they would
 let the sap freeze overnight and then at the top all the water has turned to ice and you
 just get rid of the ice.
 Wow.
 Concentrated maple syrup.
 That's so cool.
 Wow.
 And then that's it.
 That's just as good as.
 I think you have to look quite a lot of times to get it because these days it's really
 concentrated stuff.
 Yeah.
 It's 66% sugar.
 But you can only do it at certain times of the year, can't you?
 You can only do it when it's freezing during the night time and warm during the day.
 So that's when the sap starts flowing up and down and that's when it will tap out.
 And I think that's why the reserve is so important because it has these really specific conditions
 that it flourishes in so it's really easy to have a bad season.
 But they've invented this amazing new way of getting maple syrup out which is actually
 going to increase the yield they think tenfold when they master it and it's vacuuming.
 So what they've done is they've attached vacuum vacuums to these maple trees and then they
 connect all the vacuums with a pipe and it sucks the syrup out.
 But it's incredible, it literally sucks the sugar almost straight up out of the ground.
 So someone described it as being like a sugar straw.
 So it basically is a way of sucking all the stuff out of the ground and then the tree turns
 it kind of into the syrup that you want on the way up and then you can dump it in your
 big bag.
 It feels very unnatural that to me.
 It's not authentic, is it?
 No.
 It feels sad for the tree.
 It must be bad for something.
 It must be bad for something.
 Yeah.
 It doesn't sound sustainable, does it?
 Because the old method where you just drill a hole in and then people just hang
 plastic bags off, and it just drains down.
 We just leave a bucket.
 Or a bucket.
 It's a leak.
 Does that feel natural to you, James?
 Well, drilling...
 James just eats the tree.
 I think drilling is slightly unnatural, but I think attaching a massive vacuum cleaner
 to something is the next level.
 You're right.
 Yeah, it's a few levels above, I would say.
 China has more than 200,000 tons of frozen pork.
 It's kind of hanging around, and that's because they do the same thing as Canada is doing with
 its maple syrup.
 So they have a strategic pork supply, and that's because they have more pigs than the next
 40 pork producing countries combined.
 Next 40?
 Yeah.
 And they're so massively dependent on this one commodity because loads, like some people
 it's like 70% of the protein comes from pork, and so they need to keep the prices steady,
 and this is one of the best ways to keep prices steady.
 And they needed it actually in 2016, didn't they?
 They really had to draw on it.
 Yeah, they had a pork issue.
 A pig issue.
 What happened?
 Pork coca lips.
 Pork coca lips.
 Yeah, sure.
 A pork coca lips.
 Pork coca lips.
 Pork coca lips is better.
 America sort of similarly has a reserve of helium because, in 1921, they thought the blimp
 was going to be the ultimate war weapon for them, so they built these huge factories
 for all the helium that they were keeping for their blimps, but they got rid of the blimps,
 but they kept the helium, so they still have in Amarillo, Texas.
 There's an 11 billion cubic feet reserve of helium that they've kept, and it's just
 there.
 It's just waiting.
 But it's embarrassing, I think, for the people who were initially working on it when
 they were asked what they did.
 And they'd say, I worked for the military during helium, and then 10 years later, it was,
 I worked for children's birthday parties.
 Yeah.
 It's a regular helium.
 The kind of clowns we've seen leaving with a reserve, the biggest ice to the century.
 How many, how much helium do you think you'd have to inhale before you could float away out
 of the helium?
 Too much.
 Too much.
 Too much.
 An unhealthy amount, you know.
 Yeah, I think you need to pump it your body full of it, basically.
 Okay.
 Hey, we need to move on.
 We need to move on.
 Just one, I think.
 Yeah.
 So the EU famously, especially in the '80s, had butter mountains and wine lakes for exactly
 the same reason.
 There was a building in Wiltshire that was holding enough butter to spread on 50 million
 slices of toast, and the Monster Raving Looney party suggested that we should turn it into
 a butter mountain, turn the butter mountain into a ski slope for Eddie the Eagle to practice
 on.
 Oh.
 Oh, because of the soft landing.
 Because it was a butterfly.
 It was a bit like snow, because it's a mountain, bit like snow, and he needed somewhere
 to practice.
 Yeah, but I just also think that butter would be a really nice substance to fall on.
 Just try and impose logic on the Monster Raving Looney party policy platform.
 You're right.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three, and that is Andy.
 My fact is that when Russia invaded Finland in 1940, they were so convinced that they will
 be welcomed with a celebration that they took musical instruments with them as they invaded.
 And they were not.
 No.
 No.
 So this is a thing called the Winter War.
 It was between the Soviet Union and Finland, and it was part of the Second World War.
 So the Second World War was in full swing, and the Soviet Union had, I think, wanted a bit
 of Finnish territory.
 And Finland said, no, we don't want to lease you this land or all for you to have it.
 So Russia invaded.
 And it was this very, very asymmetrical war.
 Soviet Union had a lot of resources.
 Finland had almost none.
 And all right, the Soviet Union did win the war, sure, but they managed to really drag out
 the campaign.
 And they lost way more people.
 I think they lost five times as many troops in the Winter War, didn't they?
 The Soviet Union.
 Yeah, the Soviet Union.
 And it was a disaster for them.
 It was one of those was that they, maybe they officially won it, because in the end, Finland
 had to seed this bit of land that they wanted, but it was a disaster because they hadn't
 expected it to be so rough.
 Which is weird, because the main thing they weren't expecting, according to all accounts,
 was the terrible weather and the freezing cold.
 But you would have thought, I mean, that's what everyone else, the problem everyone else
 stumbled into when invading Russia.
 So you would have thought the Russians would know and be prepared.
 Would they probably thought like a winter Olympian?
 Good.
 I know cold.
 How cold is that going to be?
 They probably thought they had it covered.
 And it was another level.
 Yeah.
 I was reading into the Winter War and knew nothing about it.
 And you know, when you do this kind of research, your eyes get sort of caught by things
 like sausage war and you think, oh, that's going to be funny.
 And it's not because it's war.
 And basically what it was is the Soviets had managed to get into Finnish enemy lines and
 snuck up on them from behind.
 And so they caught them completely off guard and they were taking out a lot of their troops
 as they were heading towards their camp.
 But from the direction they came, they arrived at the bit of camp where the chefs had just
 been making a massive meal for all of the troops.
 So it was a ginormous tent full of just freshly made sausages.
 And these poor soldiers who'd been starved and were freezing were so taken by the smell
 and the fact that they'd not eaten that they just went in and they ate all of the sausages.
 And while that was happening, the Finnish troops were able to regroup and get back in time
 to defend it.
 So no one officially, I think, won it necessarily.
 It's just a little episode in the...
 I think the Soviets got completely routed, didn't they?
 Yeah.
 That is quite funny.
 But they kind of lost because they were too busy mongering sausages.
 Yeah, I know the war, though.
 It's a skirmish.
 It's a sausage skirmish.
 A sausage skirmish.
 Yeah.
 Do you know that the Finnish had saunas on the front line?
 No.
 Get out.
 They took every Finnish soldier for every two or three days was allowed to go to one of
 the saunas.
 They wanted to carry the saunas with them as they were in front.
 So they had a few mobile saunas, which I guess, probably on wheels.
 I'm guessing about that or skis.
 And they also utilized the saunas in villages around Finland.
 Cool.
 And it was really good, not just because it was saunas and Finnish people of saunas, but
 also because it prevented frostbites and it helped kill bacteria.
 So they didn't have nearly as many problems medically as the Russians did for that reason.
 Oh, clever.
 That's very good.
 It was a guerrilla war, basically.
 Yes.
 And they took advantage of the fact, like in loads of guerrilla wars, the infrastructure
 wasn't really there.
 So there were very few roads into Finland.
 And either side of the roads that you had, we incredibly thick forest.
 So you would have a column of tanks and you might mind the road, so then the tanks have
 to stop because one of the front ones has been damaged.
 And then from that point on, the Finns just kind of appeared through the woodlands and
 constantly, you know, harassed the Soviet troops.
 On skis, mostly.
 On skis.
 And they were much better skis because they had trained to ski because they didn't have
 this infrastructure at all.
 So that's the only way you could get through.
 I think the Soviets were just taught to wear skis, stand up, fire a gun, whereas the Finns
 could actually dart about.
 And the Soviet skis were just kind of ones that they kind of cobbled together, whereas the
 Finnish people were all using their own skis.
 And so the Soviet skis were so bad that when the Finnish kind of captured them, they just
 were no use and they just used them for firewood.
 Oh, really?
 Sorry.
 Wow.
 And at the Winter Olympics, people have been throwing away their skis, haven't they?
 Have they?
 Yeah.
 Oh, yeah, because it's too cold.
 Apparently, the first time you try skis on practice runs, one of the coaches said that they
 just turned to garbage the skis because they get damaged by it being too cold.
 It warps.
 So there's snow at his, I think, and then it's too cold and it warps the ski.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 I was just looking at wars where people have had way too high expectations that have turned
 out to be wrong.
 So these guys in Finland, you know, they had this band because they really thought that
 they'd got the victory.
 Yeah.
 So, literally, in the ball war, I was reading about when British soldiers in the second ball
 war were, they mounted this to this really good strategic point called Sion Kopp and it
 was this hill and they got up quite easily and they realized there were very few casualties
 and they were fighting the balls on all sides.
 They made it to the top of this hill and it was brilliant and they thought we've like
 achieved this massive victory.
 We're going to be fine.
 The leader of those troops and a message back to the general saying he could expect his
 position to be held until Doomsday against all comers because they were at the peak of this
 really important hill and they dug trenches in, planned to stay there.
 So that was in the evening and there was a big fog hanging over them and the next morning
 the fog lifted and it was one of those things where you think it's the peak of a mountain
 but then the fog lifts and there's actually loads more peaks around and the fog lifted
 and there were three more peaks on all sides and all the balls just sitting on them waiting
 to get down at them going, you bunch of idiots.
 And that is where the name of the cop Liverpool's football ground, one of the stands is called
 the cop.
 Because it was originally there.
 That's amazing.
 A lot of stadiums were built around this time, was it late 19th century, wasn't it?
 It was kind of, this was a slanted bit of land and all these places where people were watching
 football from was slanted bits of land so there were a few of them were named cops and
 Liverpool's the one that's kind of stuck around.
 That's very interesting.
 Very interesting, yeah.
 Do you guys know about Simon Hayha who I'm almost certain that's not how you pronounce his
 name.
 In fact, I'm going to come out and say it, that's not how you pronounce his name.
 He was finished.
 He has the most number of confirmed kills of any soldier in history.
 Wow.
 505 with his rifle alone and possibly 200 plus more and the Soviets were so worried about
 him because he was like a sniper just taking people out.
 They would send artillery strikes in order just to kill him because he killed probably
 0.6% of all the Soviet fatalities in the Winter War were down to him.
 Geez.
 Oh my goodness.
 And he had a full white camouflage suit so no one could ever see him and so they couldn't
 see his breath.
 He used to put snow in his mouth so that his breath would be cold so that they wouldn't
 be able to see him that way.
 That's amazing.
 Why wasn't all Winter Army uniforms just white?
 They were.
 All the fins were all this fins and skis were in the white uniform.
 They didn't eat snow.
 No, but the Russians didn't.
 They came in carcay.
 So that was one another one of the problems.
 Yeah, they were.
 They got the wrong.
 That's a bit of an oversight.
 Big arrows above the same enemy here.
 The lot of immigrants from America and Canada finishing immigrants to American Canada returned
 home for the war.
 They sort of came back to sort of help Finland out and they had a lot of volunteers as well
 who did that.
 One of which was the actor Christopher Lee who fought in the Winter War.
 What?
 Yeah, Sarah Man from the Hobbit movies Count Duku from the second Star Wars movie maker
 from the man with a golden gun.
 We know the filmography.
 We didn't know he fought in the Winter War.
 Yeah.
 Doesn't say that on his IMDB.
 Does it?
 No, it's it's.
 Yeah.
 He was not on the front line but he was he went back for the effort and he was a volunteer
 and he helps.
 No, he was he was just going to start it.
 He was.
 Oh my gosh.
 Oh my god.
 You're better than that.
 I'm not sure he is, James.
 No, he was America.
 He was just volunteering.
 Dan, do you know there's a conspiracy theory that Finland doesn't exist?
 No.
 Oh my god.
 What's the reason?
 What's the reason?
 The other one is the mix.
 What's the reason?
 The idea is that it was made up by the Soviet Union and Japan.
 And the reason was that the fishing is so good around the Baltic Sea area.
 They wanted other countries to think there's no point sending boats there because there's
 a massive country in the way.
 Oh wow.
 And so the idea is that there is no such place as Finland and all the people who think
 that they're Finnish are actually living in Estonia and other countries around there.
 And according to the conspiracy theorists, the fact that it's called Finland is a clue
 because fish have fiddens.
 That's very good.
 See?
 Yeah.
 Built on solid reasoning.
 So who's buying all the saunas if it's not the thing?
 Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that Greek gods of the ocean include Poseidon, Triton, Oceanus
 and Doris, Doris the God who just brought them all tea and biscuits in the afternoon.
 Yeah.
 So they're all oceanids.
 Doris is an oceanid.
 She, Doris is Poseidon's mother-in-law.
 Do you want to, when you say an oceanid, as if that's just a word that we casually use
 in day to day life?
 Yeah.
 I should explain what it is.
 An oceanid is like a cryptid, cryptid being yetis and stuff.
 An oceanid is a specific god of the ocean.
 Is that right?
 Oceanid, maybe, I don't know.
 Oh yeah, maybe.
 Oceanid.
 All the ancient Greeks are dead, so no one is going to write this in great terms.
 But yeah, I just love that as a...
 Poseidon's mother-in-law.
 Yeah.
 So she's associated with a lot of very famous names that you would know if you know basic
 Greek godology.
 That I am certain is not a word.
 I think we should just apologise now for all our pronunciations for everything for
 the last four years, but especially for the next four years, yeah.
 Doric is a Greek word, obviously mostly famous for Doric architecture, so everyone knows
 that I spot a Doric column.
 I feel like...
 I feel like...
 Oh yeah.
 So there was an area called Doris, which is where the Doric architecture was from, which
 I...
 Yeah.
 Can you tell us how to recognise a Doric column?
 I don't know how to do that.
 I always...
 I'm going to get it wrong.
 I always thought it was the ones, so they're wider at the bottom than at the top, which
 often you don't notice that, because it's further away at the top anyway.
 Got it.
 And they've got those little grooves in them, so you know columns that have grooves.
 Yeah.
 So they're quite plain.
 What's really funny is that you and I are discussing this, and I'm the actually known.
 And I'm absolutely trying to get it.
 I'm actually trying to get it.
 No, I don't know.
 We've got time.
 Right, guys.
 Okay.
 Basically Doric is the absolute vanilla of columns.
 It's also got the grooves.
 It's got a couple of round bands at the top.
 Nothing fancy.
 Doric's ionic, which has got the curly scrolls, and then Corinthian are the crazy, crazy
 ones, which have got flowers and bursting pineapples at the top.
 Those are the really fancy ones.
 Right?
 Then you get some composite ones as well, but we don't have time for that.
 No, please.
 No, no, no.
 No.
 Doric felt like she was the god of the kind of rubbishy part of the ocean.
 So she was specifically the god of the mouth of rivers where the freshwater mingles with
 the brine, and it gets really briny and salty.
 So she was really just that specific part that she managed, and she represented the fertility
 of the sea.
 That's quite a good bit, I think.
 Yeah.
 It was a fishing ground.
 So if you were into fishing, it was like mungrobes and stuff like that, right?
 Yeah.
 It does feel a bit like she was at the back of the queue when the bits of the ocean were
 being handed out to all the gods.
 There was a god called Akkalaus, who was the patron god of the Akkalaus River, and that
 was the largest river in ancient Greece, so that was quite important.
 But I like the thing about him was that he created the river by crying.
 He was the Justin Timberlake of his time, wasn't he?
 There were still loads of things to date that are named after the gods.
 So there was one article, you know quartz.com, who's a really good, there was an article all
 about hedge funds which are named after the gods.
 And it did mention an analysis, which found that if you add a word which conveys gravitas
 to the name of your big financial body, likes use or aries or Poseidon or the Roman equivalents.
 Oh, Doris.
 Oh, I'm not sure about Doris, that is a thing.
 If you add a gravitas word, it adds $250,000 of income each year.
 Wow.
 But it also pointed out that almost all of these names are really badly chosen.
 So Hermes is chosen for loads of them.
 He was the god of swindlers.
 There's Medea who murdered her ex-boyfriend's sons, there's Icarus who famously flies
 too high and then crashes into the ocean.
 And then there's Tantlers who is good because he's wealthy.
 But he also, when the gods visited him, he killed his own son and roasted him to impress
 the gods.
 So they punished him to eternal hunger and thirst.
 But they all have the odd skeleton in their closet, don't they?
 These gods.
 That's true.
 You know, they often do good stuff.
 But then they, you know, eat their children or whatever.
 But there's always something for all of you.
 These are the weird things I do to impress someone who's roasted and eat your own son.
 Just on names, I found that the eldest cyclops of Gaia was called Bronte.
 And Bronte was for the thunder, god of the thunder.
 So you've got the Brontosaurus or thunder lizard, which gets its name from the Bronte.
 There's a theory.
 Now I'm getting this from Stephen Fry's mythos book.
 And so this is a footnote, which is a theory he's putting forward that someone has come
 up with, the Bronte sisters are actually named after this Greek god, Bronte.
 And it's because their father was born Bronte, B-R-U-N-T-Y, but changed it to Bronte, either
 as a tribute to the classical Greek god or in honor of Admiral Nelson, who was made
 the Duke of Bronte.
 And that dukedom was located on the slopes of Etna.
 And that was believed to have been derived from the cyclops named Bronte.
 So the Bronte sisters are possibly a tribute name to a Greek god.
 That's very cool.
 That's pretty cool, eh?
 Some more gods from that big list on Wikipedia of gods.
 Chiamites is the demigod of the bean.
 Wow, not even the god of the bean, out.
 Accratopotes is the god of unmixed wine and incontinence.
 And Harpocrates, I quite like him, he is the god of silence.
 And a lot of people thought that Harpo Marx got his name because he was always silent.
 But actually he got his name because he played the harp.
 He played the harp.
 It's just a coincidence.
 There was a god called Anna Idea and the Anna Idea was a spirit of ruthlessness.
 Yeah, yeah.
 I can do that.
 Shamelessness and unforgivingness.
 Oh, that does sound a bit harsh.
 Have you, you know, Kardea, who's the Roman goddess of door hinges?
 Cool.
 Quite a, quite a low-rung.
 Well, no, it's interesting.
 I wouldn't have known they had hinges back then.
 I didn't think the doors opened because they had doors.
 Okay.
 Well done Greeks.
 There was Roman.
 I was Roman.
 Sorry, Roman.
 He was Roman, yeah.
 I think also the Greeks might have had hinges on doors.
 We don't know that.
 It's so annoying because I can't prove to you that we do know that in the moment.
 I think we do know that.
 That must be annoying.
 There are still people who worship the ancient Greek gods.
 Not many.
 No.
 I'll say that.
 But in Greece, in 2006, a court in Athens officially unbanned their worship, but only about
 2000 worshipers.
 And the story in the Guardian quoted a Christian priest in Greece who said, "They are a handful
 of miserable resuscitators of a degenerate dead religion who wish to return to the monstrous
 dark delusions of the past."
 That's harsh for what is just a bunch of harmless excents, isn't it?
 I think so.
 Yeah.
 Do you know the word atheists?
 Where we get atheism comes from without God or God forsaken or abandoned by God?
 That's what it originally meant.
 And we got the word from the French.
 And in English, it predates the word "theism" by over 100 years.
 So atheism was the first thing, and then we got theism afterwards.
 Oh, no.
 That was interesting.
 That is interesting.
 It's absolutely opposite of what I thought would have been.
 I think that's why, you know, I think that's why I mentioned it.
 If all my facts were exactly what you felt they were going to be, then this would be a
 very barry podcast.
 Well, maybe you've finally said something I didn't know you said.
 Okay, that is it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said over
 the course of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on our Shriverland, Andy, Andrew Hunter M. James, James Harkin, Chazinski.
 You can email podcast@ky.com.
 Yep, or you can go to our group account, which is @nosuchthing.
 You can go to our Facebook account, which is also just no such thing as a fish, or you
 can go to nosuchthing as a fish.com, our website, where we have all of our previous episodes.
 We have links to all of our live shows.
 There's also a link to our book.
 There's links to many things.
 Go check it out.
 It's a fun page.
 We'll see you back again next week with another episode.
 We'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 [MUSIC]
 [MUSIC]
