 Hi everyone, welcome to another episode of Little Fish.
 This is the show where we do away with our facts, the ones that we spent time looking
 for.
 And we look at your facts, your brilliant, excellent, amazing facts that you send to us every
 week at PodcastActQI.com.
 We will read through them, we'll chat about them, we'll give you a little bit of extra
 information that we found ourselves and then we will go into our custodianship section
 where we hand out some facts to people who are in our friend of the podcast here on Patreon.
 Anyway, without further ado, let's get into the facts, Dan, give us a fact.
 Okay, this has been sent in by Fiona McDonald and she says, "I found out that cheese
 meltability is measured using a scale called the Schreiber scale."
 Lovely.
 Fantastic.
 I'll be honest, I haven't read the article in depth, but thought it sounded interesting.
 It's very beautiful.
 Very beautiful.
 Thank you Fiona.
 Cool.
 Yeah, so this is, there was a company that was founded in 1945, which came to be known
 as Schreiber Foods and it was founded by a man called LD Schreiber in partnership with
 his friend Merlin.
 Hello, just a first thing, German, are they?
 No, no, they're North American, I believe.
 I guess interesting to give your company a German name in 1945.
 Yeah, well, they're massive, by the way.
 Yeah, it's so big.
 Big Jesus.
 Big Jesus, they provide the cheese slices that are used on 17 of the top 20 hamburger chains
 in America.
 Wow.
 They are massive, $7 billion in sales every year.
 They developed the Schreiber Meltability Test to monitor how cheese handles heats.
 Did we have a live stage, cheese eating competition with each other?
 We did.
 We did.
 We did it for the most cheese slices eaten in something like a minute.
 I set up, while we were on tour, a chance for us to get a Guinness World record and Craig
 Glenday, editor-in-chief, came on to stage, pre-printed a certificate in case we managed it.
 And the four of us tried to eat as many slices.
 Now, it was an impossible task, I would argue.
 I don't think even the greatest cheesy to could manage it.
 No, no, no, no.
 The greatest cheesy to cod manage it, that's the thing about the records.
 This isn't a record.
 No one has ever set it.
 I was going to be open.
 We were so shit that we didn't even get the record that it's never been set before.
 Yeah, because a lot of people might not realize about the Guinness World Records is that you
 can't just be, I'm the first person to do this, and this is where I got up to.
 They set a bar of where the entry point for the record is, and I think it was ten slices.
 Wait a minute.
 I was the record holder on stage, however, right?
 I got like three or four slices.
 So that means I am a world record holder.
 I'm just not a Guinness World record holder.
 Yes.
 We need to make you a digital certificate.
 Who on earth would want a digital certificate?
 That's all I want to do.
 We might come to that later.
 Is it true that Craig then had to destroy the certificate?
 In theory, that's what he should have done.
 He ate it.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 And he ate it in record time, I say.
 But he unfortunately didn't take off the plastic, and so that caused huge issues.
 No, I, uh, all sneaky Shriver here.
 I've got it in my house.
 How do you really, and illegal, and illegal Guinness World Record?
 As you say this, and the love's gone off and Guinness AQ, and a SWAT team has been dispatched
 to tear the house down if you have to.
 And the worst thing is that the world's best SWAT team.
 Um, done.
 Yeah.
 When he printed that certificate off, there was no name written on it, because he didn't
 know which of us was going to break the record.
 Yeah.
 Have you written your own name in there?
 No, I think it said no such thing as a fish.
 What I did do in Penn was add where it said they broke the record I added in did not.
 Very honest.
 Um, okay.
 Let's do another fact.
 Andy, what have you got for us?
 I've got a fact from Alex Rodgers, which is that Ben Nevis is the highest point in the
 British Isles, but it's only the third highest Ben Nevis.
 Oh, that's great.
 That's lovely.
 There are lots of other places around the world, at least two, that have been named
 after Ben Nevis and they're higher.
 Where are they?
 Australia.
 Oh, so close.
 You're about, I want to say it's so close to Australia.
 New Zealand.
 New Zealand.
 It's a lot of flight away.
 Yes.
 New Zealand.
 Right.
 Um, there's one that's 16, 19 meters.
 There's one that's over 2,000 meters and Ben Nevis original edition is only one, three,
 four, five.
 Wow.
 I've got Ben Nevis.
 How are you?
 Ben Nevis.
 No.
 It was on my honeymoon and me and my wife climbed it and we got a guide who took us up
 there, even though there's only one path and you can't really get lost.
 Still, still following me.
 Is he holding the umbrella all the way up?
 I don't really, I remember going online and some people saying, should we get a guide or
 not?
 And then some people are playing, yes, you should get a guide.
 But now I think back at it, maybe it was the guides who were right in those replies.
 Yeah.
 But now he was very good this person and gave us some energy bars to eat on the way up
 and stuff like that.
 And then took our photo when we got to the top.
 I've got to say, James, you could have taken a selfie stick and energy bar yourself.
 But I'm glad there are guides and actually people do get into difficulties.
 There are stories every single year of people going up, basically in flip flops and then
 it turns out, oh, the weather's turned really bad on this actually quite high mountain.
 Yeah.
 Yes.
 Well, James, did you see the piano?
 No, I didn't see a piano, but people have brought them up, have they?
 People have brought them up.
 Basically, in 2006, there were some litter pickers on Ben Nevis and they found a grand piano.
 They would go to a pile of litter, quite a big pile of litter.
 They had one of those long plastic sticks with a claw on the end going, I can't get a good
 grip on it.
 Yeah, basically, they found a massive grand piano, 200 metres from the summit.
 No one knows how he got there.
 There was someone who carried a piano up for charity in 1980, but he took his down
 again.
 So it's really baffling.
 There was a biscuit wrapper tucked inside, but it said best before 1986, but that doesn't
 really tell you very much.
 Well, it's a lovely idea, by the way, of having an achievable mountain that has the name
 of a very hard, like, you know, if there was a lesser amount Everest, that was really achievable
 that you could go, yeah, I've climbed that Everest.
 That was like, just in passing.
 It was like the time when I entered the Boston Marathon, to remember, and I was going
 to run the Boston Marathon, but it was just before COVID and I got cancelled, but I did
 the one in Boston in Lincolnshire because that is the, it's the easiest marathon in the
 UK because Lincolnshire is so flat.
 Oh, very nice.
 Okay.
 Here is a fact from Lindsey Wheeling, and Lindsey says that the length of the inch is based
 on the millimetre.
 What?
 But surely metric units are much newer than Imperial units.
 Yeah.
 An inch is 25.4 millimetres or something.
 Correct.
 Are you saying that they took the millimetre of this and well, let's have 25.4 of these?
 And that's exactly what I'm saying.
 No.
 It was the 1959 International Yard and Pound Agreement.
 And basically, all the different countries had different versions of the inch and they all
 got together in 1959 and said, look guys, we're going to have to standardize this.
 The US inch was 25.400508 millimetres, where the UK inch was 25.399977 millimetres.
 So if you had, if you measured something that was two and a bit miles long, the difference
 would be about a centimeter.
 So that could be very important.
 It's hard to imagine when, but like, let's say you're building a tunnel from New York to
 London.
 Yeah.
 And then the difference can be stopped.
 And you think, well, we've measured it.
 We've dug the distance we said we should.
 We're not.
 It sounds like there might be something on one centimeter away through that soil, but we're
 going to go home now.
 We're not going to.
 You wouldn't go home.
 You just keep digging and eventually you get there and you end up with two tunnels.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 Done.
 Let's have another fact from you.
 Yes.
 Well, actually, I'm taking us back into the mountains.
 This is from Hayden Freeman, who says, as most people know, New Zealanders Sir Edmund
 Hillary was the first person to knock the bugger off and climb Mount Everest.
 But what few people will know is that fellow Kiwi Mark English was the first person to climb
 Mount Everest as a double amputee.
 Cool.
 Yeah.
 This is someone who's quite a notable mountaineer as written books and has been the subject
 of documentaries and so on.
 It's quite crazy.
 When he was climbing Everest, he actually broke one of the carbon fiber prosthetic legs
 in half.
 And so they had to temporarily fix it with duct tape while a spare was brought up from base
 camp to meet him so that he could swap it in.
 Gosh.
 Pretty wild.
 So New Zealanders quite have made quite an impact.
 Yeah.
 Well, they've had so much practice on the high Ben Nevis.
 I was going to say, when Edmund Hillary climbed Mount Everest, has anyone checked that
 he didn't actually climb a mountain called Mount Everest in New Zealand?
 I don't think that's been checked.
 That's a really good.
 It's a really good fight.
 Oh, dear.
 Andy, last one of them.
 Yes, this is a fact from Alistair Bowden and we're staying in the mountains.
 I don't think we've ever covered this.
 It's a fact set on Mount Athos, which is in Greece and it's that there's an 82 year old
 Greek monk, Mihailo Tolatos, who reportedly never saw a woman in his entire life because
 he was born to a woman and very sadly his mother died when he was just a few hours old and
 he didn't have any family.
 So he was taken to Mount Athos, this monastery, which is in Greece.
 It's quite remote and there are no women allowed and he lived 82 years.
 He died in 1938, I think, and the details are quite scanned, but it appears that he lived
 there his whole life and he just never saw a woman.
 Yeah.
 Also, he, allegedly, he never saw a car, a plane, or a film, right?
 Well, how did he not see a plane?
 They literally, Thessaloniki Airport is no more than 20 miles away from Mount Athos.
 But maybe he died in 1938, so maybe the last few years of his life, he was in doors and
 you know.
 It felt like he didn't see an iPad either, like it was born in 1856.
 So the first 40 odd years of his life, not seeing a plane, was an absolute sin.
 Or a car.
 Yeah.
 Or a film.
 I wouldn't include that on the list of the plane one, given that it hadn't existed for
 that long.
 And it existed for centuries before that.
 Okay, here's a really good one.
 So this is from you and Hopper.
 You and Rhodes was about the 1952 Texas gubernatorial election, which sounds unpromising, but the
 person who wanted that election was called Alan Shivers and Alan ran for both the democratic
 and the Republican parties in the same election.
 And the reason was that the Republicans knew that he was going to win, so there's no point
 putting anyone up against him, but they wanted to encourage people to vote for their candidate
 White Eisenhower as the president, and they thought that people might not go for a Democrat
 and a Republican.
 They might want to stay on party lines.
 So if they made Shivers a Republican as well, then they might just take Republican Shivers,
 Republican Eisenhower.
 Are they allowed to do that?
 Well, they did it.
 So I guess so.
 And Shivers got 1.8 million votes in total.
 1.3 million of them came to him as a Democrat and just in the 500,000 came to him as a Republican.
 And he also got 664 votes as a no party candidate.
 And that's where people wrote in about who they wanted to win, but didn't put the party
 in there.
 Right.
 Popular guy.
 Yeah.
 So yeah, 1.8 million votes.
 No preference got 36,672 votes, so 1.95% got no.
 That's not bad.
 It is, but the thing is with no preference, if you've got two options, and they're exactly
 the same, to me, no preference means I like them both equally, it doesn't mean I dislike
 them both equally.
 That's a good point.
 If it's Alan Shivers against Alan Shivers and you're saying, I don't have a preference.
 Exactly.
 Yeah, no one's got a preference mate.
 They're all Alan Shivers.
 That should have been 100% no preference, shouldn't it?
 But Texas law later removed that option.
 So now you don't have a chance to do no preference any more.
 I think that's possible.
 That's very funny.
 Alan Shivers, very popular, massive racist, said that segregation of black and white people
 was God's will and no law could supersede it.
 And he also said that being a communist should be punishable by death, and that being a communist
 was worse than murder.
 Right.
 I always enjoy it on fish where we have a really funny light-hearted chat about someone,
 the person who's got the information says, "Anyway, massive racist."
 Can I move this north of the border to Canada, for another fact?
 Yes, please.
 Julie Pithers and Julie writes, "Canadian scientists are currently collecting people's toenails.
 Thousands of them as well.
 Thousands and thousands of sets of toenails the Canadian scientists want for science.
 For science.
 They're going to be melting them down apparently.
 That's really cool.
 Basically, 20% of Canadians live in homes which have slightly unsafe levels of radon, which
 is a gas, it can cause cancer, and it occurs naturally as well.
 It's basically if you live in places which have uranium in the soil or the rocks, and it
 can break down.
 Normally, it's fine if you live out in the open, but most people don't live out in the open,
 most people live in homes, and if it's an enclosed base at a house, it can cause some
 damage.
 It's the same reason as why radiation levels are higher in coal mold than any else in the
 country.
 Exactly.
 There's a doctor called Aaron Goodazzi who's looking into this, trying to find the causes
 of lung cancer in high radon environments because it can cause lung cancer, which is very
 obviously very harmful.
 You need toenails because they're an archive of past exposure to radon.
 Your body takes in radon.
 It turns it into a kind of lead, and then it just sort of shoves it into the slowly shedding
 tissues.
 It's getting skin and hair and fingernails and toenails, and about 10,000 Canadians, I believe,
 have been recruited to test their homes of radon and then send in their clippings.
 Wow.
 Very good.
 Yeah.
 No, I read this the other day.
 Do you know what percentage of rocks contain uranium on earth?
 Is it all right?
 Are you going to be all of them or none of them?
 Do you mean percentage per rock or how many rocks globally?
 Okay. Well, interestingly, the percentage per rock is almost zero, and the percentage of
 rocks globally is almost 100%.
 Yes.
 So Adi was basically right on both of his two guesses.
 Nice.
 But yeah, because uranium is basically inside the earth, almost every single rock that you
 put.
 If you pick up a stone on the side of the road, it's probably got a tiny, tiny, tiny trace
 of uranium in it.
 God.
 Isn't that amazing?
 I don't know.
 That is really amazing.
 David Devonal Cornwall, you can put a detector in your home, which is about the size of a biscuit
 and test it.
 That's fun.
 Yeah.
 I would make it a size and shape of something that you don't eat.
 It's not shaped like a hobnob.
 I believe.
 I believe.
 It's got chocolate on one side.
 Okay.
 Well, that is enough of your facts.
 Absolutely brilliant.
 As every week, thank you so much to everyone who sent those in.
 And if you have a fat yourself, then do send it to podcast@QI.com, but we have not come to
 the end of this week's show because before we do that, we have to give out some facts.
 If you become a member of our patron at the friend of the podcast here, then you will immediately
 be assigned a fact.
 You will slightly less immediately be sent a certificate.
 And you might be even less immediately than that mentioned on the show, but we will
 get round to you all.
 And who is the first person we're getting round to today?
 Andy.
 This one goes out to Kate Armstrong.
 Congratulations, Kate.
 Welcome to Friend of the podcast here.
 It's that Alexander the Great banned Beards in battle to combat beard pulling, which is
 apparently the scourge of the Macedonian.
 I wouldn't have thought it was a major problem, but you know, because you think once someone
 gets close enough to pull your beard, if you have a sword, you might have a way to stop
 them.
 Just toss off your beard.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Exactly.
 Yeah.
 But that was his innovation.
 And look, the guy was the terror of three continents or whatever.
 So I'm not going to gain, say, him.
 Well done, Alexander.
 Yeah.
 At the age of 30, he had no more wealth to conquer.
 Exactly.
 Exactly.
 So he probably knew what he was doing with the beard stuff.
 Dan, what have you got for us?
 This is a fact for Bo, congratulations, Bo.
 This is a fact of mine, which is that psychopaths don't experience contagious yawning like the
 rest of us.
 See, I know you're, I am now yawning, James, what James just yawning, I think it was a fake
 yawning.
 No, you know what?
 You know what?
 It started off.
 I did, I thought I'll do a fake one for comedic purposes.
 Not realizing that this is a podcast medium, and people won't be able to see that.
 But actually halfway through it turned into a real one.
 Well, there we go.
 Fake it till you make it.
 Very nice.
 Yeah.
 I experienced a lot of contagious yawning.
 In fact, I experienced yawning contagiously so much that I think I'm especially unusually empathetic.
 Yeah.
 Or just very tired.
 It's a bit of both.
 Yeah.
 It has happened a lot more since you had children.
 I have to say.
 That's true.
 Contators napping, it turns out, is also a real thing in meetings.
 And contagious meltdowns apparently.
 Shut up.
 Shut up.
 I can't quite remember where we got that fact from.
 It was either John Ronson who had ridden the psychopaths or it was Kevin, a professor called
 Kevin.
 So that's legit.
 Yes.
 He wrote a book on psychopaths and I once had dinner with Kevin along with Terry Jones of
 Monty Python.
 What a table.
 And yeah, and he told me that he was working with Andy McNabb to train the England football
 squad to not change their decision or where they were kicking a penalty goal right at the
 last second.
 They were brought in as psychologists to say, make your decision and stick to it because
 apparently that was a problem within the squad.
 I'm sorry, Dan.
 Professor Kevin is working with Andy McNabb.
 Yes.
 Of the SAS.
 Thank you.
 To help the England football squad not change their decision on a penalty.
 Yes.
 And it's worked.
 Like when was the last time we lost a penalty shootout?
 It's a long time ago.
 You know when people say to you, like, what's your ideal dinner party?
 Yeah.
 I always say, Dan Schreiber, Terry Jones from Monty Python, Professor Kevin.
 That's, they're like three.
 But not McNabb.
 Oh, dear James.
 He's not going to be happy.
 He's not going to be bursting it through the windows halfway through the stasis.
 Well, he's got so many annoying things he needs to happen.
 He needs the room to be lit black where he's sitting so you can't see his face.
 He needs that vocoder thing so that he talks or not different, but he's a nightmare to have
 ever dinner.
 Interestingly, they didn't get to find out that World Cup, whether or not it worked because
 it never went to penalty shootouts.
 I think they lost it.
 They bravo to zero.
 Thank you.
 Thank you.
 I knew it, Nav's book.
 Very good.
 Nice.
 And it's Kevin Duttins.
 Just come back to me.
 Kevin Duttins.
 Kevin Duttins.
 Okay.
 Here is a fact that is now in the possession of Keith Baxter.
 Keith, your fact is that the big bang was quieter than a motorhead concert.
 Interestingly, Andy, you spelled motorhead without the omelette.
 That's not intentional.
 And I'm very sorry.
 We will have to get that certificate corrected.
 Kevin.
 Oh, Keith.
 That matter will have to get Keith, I know your name.
 I just spelled motorhead wrong.
 Oh, no.
 This is because it's all based off my ancient record keeping and sometimes.
 And in fairness, Andy, like your record keeping, like we use this spreadsheet in order to
 check that we haven't done facts before.
 And it would be correct to spell that without the omelette, I think, because I'm never
 going to search motorhead with an omelette.
 Oh, yes.
 Good point.
 So wait.
 The big bang was quieter than a motorhead concert.
 Motorhead 126 decibels and the big bang apparently 120 decibels, according to people who have studied
 the background radiation of the universe, it's insane that we, we know that or think we
 know that.
 Yeah.
 Let's go on to our next fact.
 So who's turn is it?
 It's mine.
 This one goes out to George Wade and it's a great one is that Pixar accidentally deleted
 Toy Story 2 halfway through making it.
 Fantastic.
 This was an Alex Bell fact.
 Yes.
 Basically, they deleted it.
 The only thing that remained was one person who got a maternity leave and she had a computer
 at home that was kind of separated from the rest of the system.
 And so I think they basically drove the computer in under extreme caution, like just strapped it
 in the back of a car or whatever and coveled it until it got in because that had almost
 everything on it.
 So yeah, so she had an early saved version.
 Yeah.
 And be able to do that these days, obviously, getting in touch with people on maternity leave
 is very much, you know, no, no.
 Toy Story 5 has ground to a halt for the next nine months.
 Dan, let's go on to the next one.
 Yeah.
 Well, we're moving on to episode 24.
 So that was that was episode 23 to all the custodians of the last four facts.
 And this one is for Ronnie.
 You are now the custodian of the fact that when he was bored, President Calvin Coolidge
 would ring a bell to summon bodyguards and then hide under the oval office desk.
 Was Coolidge the person who also, oh God, there was so many eccentric presidents that did
 very odd things in the White House, like the the shower head.
 Was that Coolidge or was that something else?
 He was LBJ.
 Was it?
 LBJ was, that's right.
 He had a shower head directed at his genital area.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 Coolidge is the one who never said anything.
 He was very much the opposite of the current incumbent.
 He just never said, he just barely said three words.
 You know, there was, there's that story that someone went to dinner with him.
 So flotatious young woman, he said, oh, President Coolidge, I've, I've made it back with my friends
 that I could get you to say just three words tonight.
 And he just said to her, you lose nothing for the rest of the evening.
 Very good.
 Okay.
 The next fact comes from someone whose name could be made up of two US presidents, Andrew
 Jackson and Jimmy Carter because it's Andrew Carter.
 And your fact is that until 2011, the sun was only in theory, a sphere.
 Dan, this is yours.
 Yeah.
 I love this about science, whereas they knew it was a sphere because that by all indications
 is what it was.
 However, until two probes were sent around to either side of it, twin probes, they couldn't
 officially confirm that it was a sphere.
 And that's what this did.
 They said, it's confirmed.
 We've, we've seen it.
 We've actually seen it from the other side with two different probes.
 So I just, I just love that about science.
 I'll do one.
 This goes out to Erin Eldridge.
 Congratulations, Erin, your fact is that some birds nests contain over 100 rooms and
 weigh up to 1000 kilos and cause trees to collapse.
 Rubbish.
 It's true.
 100 rooms.
 This is a bird called the sociable weaver and it basically has these ginormous nests.
 Well, it needs them.
 It's so sociable.
 Yeah.
 These are for parties.
 It's like dancehouse.
 There's a description of this.
 How many kids does it have in there?
 Yeah, but it's very cool.
 I think I've seen pictures of them where they're absolutely ginormous and they're just
 a permanent sort of palace, amazing, and then last one for the day.
 The last one goes to Rohan Singh and this is a James Hark, in fact, it is the worst baseball
 team in South Korea has replaced its supporters with robots.
 Brilliant.
 Yeah, the Hanwha Eagles.
 They lost 400 games in the last five years and that's as of recording from 2015, I believe.
 And they are nicknamed the Hanwha chickens.
 So they've put up screens and you can put up your photo on the screen and you can do things
 like Mexican waves and chance along with it as you're watching the match.
 But yeah, Hark, do you remember more on this?
 No, I don't remember anything about them and I thought since we're doing this on Zoom,
 I can quickly check and see if they've won any games recently.
 Yes.
 But in 2025, they had a record of played 144, 183, so actually, yeah, they've improved quite
 a lot, I would say.
 Oh, well, there we go.
 So good old Hanwha Eagles.
 Anyway, so that is the end of the show.
 Thank you so much to everyone who sent a fact in.
 Thank you, especially to Rohan, Erin, Andrew, Ronnie, George, Keith, Bo, and Kate who are
 new custodians of facts in our friend of the podcast here.
 And if you would like to do that yourself, go to patreon.com/nosuchthingsofish and you'll
 find details of how to join our many tiers.
 We have more tiers than a cinema at the end of Toy Story 2.
 Lovely.
 Does that work?
 I haven't seen it.
 Well, you can find everything on there and more.
 And if you'd like to hear more from us, then come back on Friday when we will have a regular
 episode of No Such Things A Fish in the meantime, it's good bye from me, it's good bye from
 Andy, boy, and it's good bye from Dan so long, just trying to do my audition for university
 challenge.
 Bye.
 [Music]
