 - Hey everyone, welcome to this week's episode
 of No Such Thing as a Fish.
 Before we get going, we just wanna let you know
 that this is a particularly interesting episode.
 It's what we like to call a crossover episode.
 You may be aware of crossover movies,
 take the latest Avengers movie
 where they had Guardians of the Galaxy involved.
 We've decided to do a crossover episode with ourselves.
 It's very ambitious, but I think we've managed it.
 - We screwed up, didn't we, Dan?
 - We did, we screwed up.
 We were in Wellington, we were on stage,
 Wellington is in New Zealand,
 and we were recording a show as part of our tour,
 and we've only just found out that the final two facts
 are missing, the recording is gone.
 - Or the final one and a half facts, I think,
 and you'll notice, I believe.
 - Yeah, so what it'll sound like
 is that all of our jokes are falling really, really flat.
 (laughing)
 - How will listeners tell the difference?
 (laughing)
 - Okay, so listen carefully,
 'cause you might actually miss it.
 We'll do our best to make sure it's flagged up,
 but if we've done our job well, you won't notice.
 - Okay, on with the show.
 (bell rings)
 - Do you know what it is?
 - Who the fuck is this?
 (bell rings)
 - Who the fuck is that?
 (bell rings)
 Do you know what it is?
 (upbeat music)
 - Hello, and welcome to another episode
 of "No Such Thing as a Fish", a weekly podcast.
 This week, coming to you from Wellington!
 (audience cheering)
 - My name is Dan Schreiber,
 and I am sitting here with Anna Chazinski,
 Andrew Hunter Murray, and James Harkin,
 and once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days,
 and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, and that is Chazinski.
 - My fact is that if a lamb starts being born
 the wrong way up, the farmer pushes it
 right back up into the womb and gets it to start again.
 (audience laughing)
 And I thought I'd do a fact about sheep, because we're here.
 (audience laughing)
 - Wow, that is a risky start, Anna.
 - See, not everyone in the room is a sheep farmer.
 (audience laughing)
 But on the size of love, about half of the mile.
 - Yeah, but.
 - So yeah, I think I first came across as a New Yorker piece
 that was an interview with a guy called James Rebanks,
 who's a sheep farmer in Cumbria in the UK.
 And he was saying, yeah, most lambs,
 if they're being born well, they come out like a diver.
 So it's like head and front legs first.
 But if the legs and the head come out in the wrong order,
 at all, you literally have to shove it right back up there
 and rearrange them in order that they come out
 the right way.
 And so he gave various instances of ways
 that it could go wrong.
 So if the legs come out without a head,
 then you have to go, that means the head.
 That doesn't mean it's left the head right behind
 in the uterus.
 It just means the head's a bit bent.
 So you've got to return it and rearrange it.
 And when you do rearrange it, they have
 to cup the mouth of the lamb so that the lamb's teeth don't tear
 at the birthing canal in the uterus.
 Crikey.
 It's a combination of extremely sweet and extremely
 disgusting.
 I'm yet to hear the sweet part.
 He's helping the little lamb get out intact.
 OK, where do you put it like that?
 What does the sheep think as the baby's birthing
 is suddenly pushed back in like that?
 That's got to be the weirdest experience ever.
 We don't have any records on what they think.
 But they must be concerned, right?
 I read a thing that sheep have an incredible peripheral vision.
 They've not that incredible that they can see up there.
 [LAUGHTER]
 But they think they can go almost to 360.
 They've almost got 360 views, which are nice.
 It's almost impossible to sneak up on them.
 Yeah.
 There's piece of a lot of experience, doesn't it?
 Almost, but not quite.
 [LAUGHTER]
 But they must as it's being shoved back in.
 They must have us put in like, what are you doing?
 You can see you.
 They're very dappy.
 I mean, genuinely, they are quite--
 I think they're quite crap mothers, at least at the start.
 So I read so many farming blogs and turns out
 you are very bad at knowing which ones are their babies.
 And the babies are very bad at knowing which ones are their mothers.
 And they're constantly getting confused about this
 and going off with the wrong parent.
 And so a lamb will accidentally pick the wrong parent
 that won't be able to produce milk and so it'll starve.
 And there's this weird thing where farmers,
 sometimes, a lamb will be born and be an orphan,
 so that you might die in childbirth.
 And it's an amazing thing that farmers do to trick
 use into believing that another lamb is their lamb.
 And what they do is there'll be a you that's pregnant
 with one lamb.
 And it gives birth to it.
 And the farmer then he's to trick the you
 into thinking it's about to have twins.
 And so what he does, prepare yourselves,
 is, first of all, he covers the orphan lamb
 in the birthing fluid so that it smells right from the other one.
 And he ties its legs together because often that lamb's
 day old or so, and they can run away.
 And if you're just given birth or something,
 it's very unusual for it to immediately go
 gallopanting over the fields.
 And then what he does is he sort of puts inserts his hand
 into the you and pretends that his hand is the second lamb
 that's being born.
 And then you will be convinced that she's having contractions
 and think that she's giving birth and you keep it in there.
 And then you whip it out.
 And then you quickly do the magic trick of quickly
 shoving the orphan lamb under the used nose.
 And then things, oh, that must be what just came out of me.
 I've got effects about lambing sound effects.
 So this is from the long running radio four
 show the archers.
 They have a style guide on how to do the sound effect
 of a lamb being born.
 Wow.
 So you have to overlay agitated barring.
 That's very important.
 So there's barring going on and it sounds stressed.
 And then you put a soaking wet towel on your shoulder.
 It's really heavy.
 And then you squeeze a huge amount of yogurt
 through your gloved hands.
 And then you drop the wet towel onto a bed
 of old recording tape.
 Wow.
 Why don't they just use the recording
 of an actual lamb being born?
 Often they don't sound right, do they?
 When you do the actual thing, it
 doesn't sound like what you would expect.
 It might happen that if you recorded that,
 it would just sound like an old towel being dropped off
 of some yogurt as if it's trained.
 I thought I would find out what farmers did.
 But I forgot to look on the blogs.
 I went on to Reddit.
 And there was an AMA with a sheep farmer.
 And one of the top questions was,
 why do they have such shitty asses?
 The farmers are the sheep.
 They were speaking about the sheep.
 The guy said, this is true.
 As though they have zero control or awareness
 of what comes out.
 And they actually sell jackets to go over the sheep
 to protect the wool from getting dirty for those
 who want super clean wool.
 So you get some sheep who are wearing like an all-in-one
 onesie with a little hole.
 And it keeps them clean.
 And will that be made of a previous sheep?
 Well, there is one thing that they do.
 Again, if they want a you to adopt an orphan sheep,
 they will shave the wool off one of its real offspring
 and then put it on the other one as a disguise.
 So they literally wear the other lambs clothes.
 So it's like a sheep in sheep's clothing.
 [LAUGHTER]
 It's a lamin lambs clothing.
 But yeah, I think everyone gets the idea.
 It's a great clever.
 Did you know that sheep have their own weather forecast?
 What?
 In the UK, sheep have their own weather forecast.
 No, they don't.
 They do.
 It's just been launched.
 It's in Bristol.
 And it's a traffic light system of warnings, which
 measures whether-- and it works out the risk of-- there's
 a very particular parasite they get called pneumatodirus.
 And if you are a pneumatodirus, and I've
 pronounced it wrong, please don't write in.
 But it's very useful.
 The only problem with it is that they
 have not called it the sheeping forecast.
 Guys?
 Thank you, growing there.
 When you met a supportive hearty chuckle.
 So it's a forecast not of weather, but of parasites?
 Yes.
 Well, it's weather, which tells you when the parasites are
 going to be coming in.
 Wow.
 And it tells the humans not the sheep.
 It's really a focus of farmers, isn't it?
 Or do the sheep gather around 5 p.m. every Monday, actually?
 There'll be a lot of parasites out there tonight.
 Look, lively, stay sharp.
 That's-- I was reading a medical report about--
 it just gives you virus.
 It talks about viruses and parasites and so on, that come up.
 And these people who are reading it
 noticed a very odd entry in it, which
 is that a few people who were farmers who
 were involved in castrating lambs when they were born
 got very ill very quickly.
 And it was 12 people who got ill.
 But they worked out that two of them got ill
 because they were castrating with an old method that still
 goes on these days, not completely,
 but in the 1800s all the time.
 They castrate using their teeth.
 So these are humans who go and two of these guys
 were castrating these lambs with their teeth.
 And they got very ill.
 One of my best friends has done that in Australia.
 - Really? - In Western Australia.
 - Yep. - Did they get ill?
 He's-- well, he's pretty insane, but he's not sick.
 Oh, OK.
 I think he is sick, yeah.
 And they go by on a conveyor belt, right?
 And you lie underneath them, and he just
 weaponize one by one.
 What?
 Well, you come up like jaws, but you just go bite off the balls.
 It's your friend, Australian.
 He lived in Australia for a year.
 Well, he was British.
 Yeah.
 Feels like they kind of saw him coming down there.
 Yeah, we all do this, mate.
 [LAUGHTER]
 This guy looks like I'll bite the balls off anything.
 Do you know how farmers can tell when she perv made it?
 This is an interesting thing.
 Well, they wait nine months.
 Yeah.
 So what they do-- well, in a lot of farms, what they do is
 they draw on the males with crayon.
 OK?
 And then, if they come back later--
 so they draw on the underside of the males with crayon.
 And if they come back later, because you
 can't be watching the sheep all the time, it's--
 Oh.
 It might be chalk here, but in some places,
 and in the sources I found, it was crayon.
 Anyway, if they come back later and the females got crayon,
 or chalk?
 On her back, then they know that mating has occurred.
 But you wouldn't think that crayon would work, right?
 Yeah, you'd--
 [LAUGHTER]
 It too harking.
 Hey, another weird thing that happens to female pregnant--
 sorry, sheep-- is that they get really heavy with the weight
 and their wool gets really heavy.
 So sometimes they lose balance, and they tip over.
 And they fall on their back, like a turtle,
 and they can't get back up.
 So they get stuck.
 So farmers have to go and bring pregnant sheep back onto their feet.
 Otherwise, they've just stuck their upside down.
 Wow, really?
 Yeah.
 Sheep spinning.
 They are stupid, aren't they?
 They are.
 Someone sent me a text in the break.
 And I can't remember who it is, and I've turned my phone off,
 sorry, but they said that when it snows,
 the sheep can't believe that the grass is underneath the snow.
 They think it's just disappeared.
 And so they'll just starve to death if you don't kind of clear
 them a little clearing.
 Is it another one of those magic tricks
 they think have happened, like the swapping of the land?
 And apparently, like cows and cattle, they all clear it away.
 But sheep are just stupid.
 They sometimes-- so they have to groom their lambs when they give birth to them.
 And sometimes they get so carried away with grooming that they bite their tails off.
 Wait, sorry.
 The mother.
 I thought you meant this was your friend biting.
 I think your friend just really likes lamb.
 But yeah, the mothers, they've got to lick off all the afterbirth and stuff,
 but they get really excited, and they'll bite the umbilical cord,
 and they'll just bite the tail off.
 And the farmers don't know what to do because you're not supposed to get involved,
 because otherwise, that might separate the mother from the lamb.
 And so they just have to watch, sort of going, no, stop it.
 Stop biting them tail of your child.
 Oh, my God.
 Guys, we're going to have to move on shortly to our next fact.
 Just one last thing, Mary had a little lamb.
 The nursery rhyme is based on a true story.
 [LAUGHTER]
 You know that?
 Yeah.
 Well, there's nothing supernatural in there already.
 Yeah.
 It's just about someone called Mary who had a little lamb.
 It's a quite believable--
 And the sheep followed her wherever she-- it's a good herder.
 She's-- yeah, it's a very-- what's your point, Andy?
 Was she famous?
 Was she a famous Mary?
 She was not.
 She was a woman called Mary Sawyer.
 It was a Massachusetts in 1830.
 She had a lamb, and it followed her all over the place, and then a friend.
 Interesting.
 No, no, no, the interesting thing thing was,
 it's fleece was as white as snow, and then--
 [LAUGHTER]
 So when I've disappeared, where am I?
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 OK, it is time for fact number two, and that is Andy.
 My fact is that the Netflix category,
 Gory Canadian Revenge Movies, only has one film in it.
 Wow, on what's the film, Deena?
 I don't.
 I'm going to rip it down.
 Sauce.
 Your research today has been very lax,
 because it's of reciting nursery rhymes and having a fun fact.
 So what the thing that happens is there
 are these microcategories on Netflix.
 And if you have a Netflix account, you might have seen them.
 So goofy werewolf comedies is one, or sentimental movies
 about horses for ages 11 to 12.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And some of them-- this is the bizarre thing.
 Netflix has made 76,897 unique categories,
 according to the last count done.
 And some of them have nothing in them.
 So that feel good romantic Spanish language TV show.
 Netflix has none, but they've created the category,
 because some will exist.
 Wow.
 So for instance, skiing, nonfiction, none of those.
 Iranian comedies, none of those.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So we're just waiting to discover them.
 I guess so.
 It's like when they knew India existed and they tried to find it.
 If you pitch a show to Netflix to make,
 they'll probably be like, well, it's a shit idea,
 but we need one of those.
 You've got the money.
 They actually-- there was a role that was advertised in the UK
 for someone specifically to create these kind of categories.
 So the idea was they advertised for someone
 who would basically binge watch Netflix.
 They would just sit and watch movie after movie.
 And while they were watching, they
 would think of unique different tags
 that they could give to each of those movies
 to create these kind of categories.
 But the other thing is, they have professional watches.
 So this is-- this fact is from a piece in The Atlantic, which
 was fantastic.
 It was a journalist who ran a script to download all 76,000.
 The guys who professionally watch Netflix,
 they tag movies with all kinds of data.
 So it's not just how rude the plot is or whether there's violence.
 They tag how conclusive the plot is.
 They tag how moral the characters are.
 And they just analyze everything.
 And all they want is to get you to watch more Netflix.
 So one of them said, you might like what I consider
 to be horrible movies.
 But my job right now is to get you to watch all those horrible
 movies that you want.
 And they have thousands of categories designed specifically
 for that.
 Who's specifically looking for things like this?
 That's what's so weird.
 Who wants a thing that's 80% conclusive
 with moderately moral characters?
 No one's searching for that in every week.
 That sounds fun.
 No, OK, maybe.
 Also, I think that there are films in their categorization
 filling isn't very good.
 So one of the ones that has nothing in it
 is suspenseful time travel movies.
 There's definitely got to be some of those.
 Back to the future is suspenseful, right?
 Yes, yeah.
 Sentimental action and adventure.
 There must be one sentimental action film out there.
 Yeah, not everything's on Netflix, though.
 That's the issue, I guess.
 Back to the future, I don't think is on Netflix.
 Therefore, maybe they're just waiting to--
 Yeah, it is, then, apparently.
 That guy at the back watched it this morning.
 Right after birthing his lambs.
 So Netflix released a load of their stats from 2017.
 And apparently, someone in New Zealand
 watched grown-ups 331 times, like you.
 Great movie.
 Absolutely.
 Great movie, but 331 times in a year.
 Apparently, there's a podcast called "The worst idea
 of all time" where they tell you to do that.
 So that's why they did that.
 Ah, cool.
 And there was one viewer in Antarctica
 who binged on Shameless.
 And there was one person in America
 who watched the first Pirates of the Caribbean movie
 every single day for a year.
 Wow.
 I'd rather do that than watch the fourth Pirates of the Caribbean
 movie once.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Netflix has shamed people for this, though.
 They sent our tweet in December last year,
 saying, "To the 53 people who've
 been watching a Christmas Prince every day for the past 18 days,
 who hurt you?"
 [LAUGHTER]
 Oh, that's pretty mean.
 It's a combination of mean, creepy.
 Just one more thing that they've got about category-wise.
 They've got so many things starring the actor Raymond Burr.
 Uh-huh.
 Yeah.
 They've got suspenseful movies starring Raymond Burr.
 They've got cerebral mysteries starring Raymond Burr.
 They've got understated suspenseful dramas starring Raymond Burr.
 They've got about 15 Raymond Burr exclusive categories.
 It's very bizarre.
 That's so good.
 I know Netflix, I guess, from the last, let's say,
 five years, I think that's when I started using it.
 I had no idea that Netflix has been around since 1997.
 It's an extremely old company.
 It was extremely old.
 It's not general electric, is it?
 It's old for what-- I think most people
 perceive to be very, you know, 2000s, at least 2010s,
 something like that.
 It's kind of that thing.
 So I was looking into it.
 And it's a very interesting backstory.
 There's a number of stories that their creator and Netflix
 founder read Hastings puts out.
 One is that he got a very big bill for a VHS
 that he sent back into late.
 It was Apollo 13, and he thought there's
 got to be a better system.
 So he created it.
 And what it used to be is, like all those things
 where you would order a DVD off the internet,
 the difference was rather than getting a booklet that
 told you everything that was in it.
 Back in 1997, there was a website that would send you
 a VHS, and so you would just pick it from the website
 and order it.
 So we already had a web presence back then.
 But yeah, that's--
 I remember when it was just DVDs, and they send you DVDs
 through the post, and that still exists, that business.
 And it's still making money.
 But actually, in 2000, Reed Hastings approached
 blockbusters and asked them to buy Netflix
 for $50 million, the entire company.
 And they refused.
 And--
 Wow.
 That did not age well, that decision, didn't it?
 Just one tiny little nugget about Reed Hastings,
 when I was reading into him.
 His grandfather was a very famous physicist,
 and he was very important in the roles of inventing radar
 and the atomic bomb for World War II.
 And President Roosevelt said of Reed's grandfather
 that he was a civilian who was second perhaps only
 to Winston Churchill in facilitating the allied victory
 in World War II.
 So his grandfather is a seriously important character.
 Yeah, sort of an unknown name to the general public.
 Wow, they've both made equally important contributions,
 I would say, to the able happiness of the world.
 The Reed Hastings story about its inception
 is quite amused as me, because there is this story he tells
 when it starts, how did you come up with Netflix?
 He says, I was overcharged for a film.
 And I was charged $40.
 It was a poly 13, charged $40.
 I'd lost the film.
 He said, I didn't want to tell my wife about it.
 And I said to myself, am I really
 going to compromise the integrity of my marriage over a late
 fee, which I would say is marriage is on shaky ground,
 if that's going to compromise its integrity?
 But so then he thought, OK, I'm going to start up
 a new company that doesn't do this.
 But his co-founder is called Mark Randolph.
 And he just keeps killing this story.
 So maybe he's exaggerated the story over time,
 or he's piecing things together that weren't together at the time.
 And Mark Randolph, every time he's interviewed,
 is like, no, it's bullshit, Reed Hastings story.
 No, no, it didn't happen.
 But it's a nice story, isn't it?
 So I let him tell it.
 Wow.
 Oh, I'm getting a story straight, guys.
 So Netflix and chill is the thing, isn't it?
 There's an article on fusion.com
 about the history of that phrase.
 And they said that the first use was in January 2009
 by @NoFaceNina on Twitter.
 And by summer of 2014, it had a slightly sexual meaning.
 And then by October, so a few months later,
 someone said that Netflix and chill never
 means Netflix and chill now, these days, lol.
 OK, so that was @itisIsak on Twitter.
 How many A's is that?
 Quite a lot.
 Well, maybe I just pressed the key too long on my keyboard,
 I'm sure.
 And then by the end of that year, it was all over Twitter.
 And then by August 2015, US parents
 were asking their kids what Netflix and chill meant.
 And they were using it.
 And that became the end of the meme.
 So basically, it lasted for less than six years
 from going from nothing to cool.
 To don't say that anymore.
 Yeah.
 My wife didn't know what Netflix and chill meant.
 The sexual context of it.
 And whenever--
 No, she had a baby, don't you?
 We do have a baby, yeah.
 And we were watching grownups for the 50th time
 when we conceived him.
 But we-- yeah, so whenever work finished for her,
 her bosses would be like, what are you up to tonight?
 I'm just going to be home with my husband, Netflix and chill.
 She thought, oh, we're just chilling.
 And I told her on a train what it meant and her face went, what?
 But at least she wasn't saying I'm going home
 to see my mum, Netflix and chill, you know?
 Like the husband, that's actually OK.
 That's true.
 Do you know that Netflix knows exactly
 when you will get hooked on a series?
 This is quite creepy, but it's also quite interesting.
 So it works out the exact point.
 The definition of being hooked is it
 works out the exact point at which 70% of people
 go on to finish the series.
 So that's the definition of being hooked.
 So breaking bad, you will be hooked by episode 2
 on average.
 How I met your mother, episode 8.
 I wonder with breaking bad if it's quicker to get hooked
 watching the show or taking Crystal Mep?
 Yeah.
 The Big Bang Theory apparently never.
 And for fans of the Big Bang Theory, that was a laugh.
 We have made a powerful enemy to actually talk.
 Just on the subject of breaking bad and drugs and being hooked,
 Netflix actually co-created drugs and released drugs.
 Well, it's a really old company, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 No, Netflix co-created a set of cannabis strains
 based on a selection of its popular original shows.
 And they did this.
 It was a pop-up event in West Hollywood
 for the alternative herbal health services
 and the set of drugs that you could buy
 were called the Netflix collection.
 And they were a part of helping to create these.
 So you could get ones that were made to tie in oranges
 and new black, you were tying with that.
 There were ones for arrested development,
 which were labeled the banana stand-cush.
 Yeah, ideally for a big yellow joint.
 That was the thing.
 And they did it for the Grace and Frankie TV show as well.
 So you can buy cannabis, which is co-created
 by Netflix and smoke it while you binge.
 And do they do the thing where you have two toaks and you go,
 oh, that's good.
 And someone comes up and goes, I think you might also
 like this, by the way.
 You say this?
 And maybe this one over there.
 Yeah.
 They don't make any profit from it, by the way.
 It was just that they just want to get people high.
 Come on.
 Did you know there is a Spanish platform, which is related?
 In fact, no, sorry, legally, it's unrelated.
 But there is a Spanish platform called Napflex, which
 is TV to fall asleep very easily, too.
 And it might just be me.
 But I think all the stuff on it sounds really good.
 So there's a big bang theory.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Please, please edit those jokes at the show.
 Do you have the hope of having to come here on that one day, then?
 No, I just don't want to be killed by an army of nerds.
 I just don't know.
 They've got-- you might like this, James.
 We've got a four-hour video of the World Chess Championship 2013.
 You like chess?
 Yes, I do.
 I subscribe to a special chess channel.
 Do you?
 And I have a one-slug in a fan's of the big bang theory.
 Yeah.
 So Napflex ran a competition to fix its algorithm.
 So the thing it does where it recommends stuff
 that you might like, it has been a massively difficult thing
 to achieve over the years.
 In 2006, there was a $1 million award for anyone
 who could improve the recommendations algorithm.
 So it could actually recommend stuff that you genuinely would like.
 And it took three years to be won.
 It was won by this collective.
 And it improved the accuracy of the one they had by 10%.
 And it's so weird.
 So all these coders were competing for it.
 It took three years.
 And then the people who won, and the people who came second,
 only submitted their bits 20 minutes apart.
 So they lost $1 million by 20 minutes.
 Wow.
 But the main challenge for these coders
 is Napoleon Dynamite.
 So--
 How do you mean?
 No algorithms seem to know if someone's
 going to like Napoleon Dynamite.
 That was it.
 And that was the challenge it was set.
 It was like, can you work out if someone will like Napoleon Dynamite?
 Because we don't know.
 There seems to be no rhyme or reason to it.
 Wow.
 That's incredible.
 So I'm making $1 million in 20 minutes, which
 is, coincidentally, what the cost of the big bank theory do.
 We're going to have to move on in the set, guys, for our next fact.
 Did you see the survey that Napflex did last year
 on how people are watching?
 And so two-thirds of people watch Napflex in public now,
 or watch Stream in public, which I think is weird.
 Do you mean like on the train, or on the bus?
 Yeah, on the train, on the commuter work, whatever.
 I know I have a phone from 2001, so maybe that's why I don't do it.
 So this is last year, and it found that 65% of people
 have burst out laughing on public transport while watching it.
 20% have cried in public, and then been embarrassed about it.
 But 27% of people who've been streaming stuff
 in public on public transport, for example,
 have had strangers interrupt them while they're
 watching to start talking about the show that they're watching.
 Is that a thing?
 I once-- OK.
 I was in Japan once.
 I was in Tokyo, and I was on one of the subway trains.
 And I noticed the phone of the guy sitting next to me.
 He was a wester guy, and he was listening
 to no such thing as a fish.
 And I-- no, hang on.
 He was-- no, wait, the story hang on.
 He was watching QI, and I leaned over to him,
 and I said, I wrote that, and he did not believe me.
 And I know from the way he said, oh, OK.
 And they got off at the next stop.
 On the flight over from Australia to New Zealand,
 there was a guy sat in front of me, you, and Anna,
 who was listening to no such thing as a fish.
 Yeah, that's right.
 And we were chatting behind him.
 He must have been so freaked out when he took his headphones off.
 This has all got a bit more boring very quickly.
 We need to move on to our next fact, guys.
 OK, and it's time for fact number three, and that is James.
 OK, my fact this week is that in Sacred Maché combat,
 the aim was not to kill your opponent,
 but to knock his hat off.
 And the loser didn't go off that easily,
 though, because he would immediately be sacrificed.
 No, you lose your hat.
 But fortunately, you won't have a head anymore to put it on.
 So the Maché were a civilization from Peru.
 And I learned this last year when I visited the Laco Museum
 of Pre-Columbian Art in Lima.
 And we know about this because all we know about these people,
 they're really mysterious, but everything
 we know comes from their pottery.
 And we have kind of the like little cartoons of what happens.
 So that's how we know about it.
 That's very cool.
 What kind of hats are they?
 Is it like a top hat?
 Because the top hat would be quite easy to knock off,
 but then a beanie is quite difficult.
 That's true.
 And a bike helmet, almost impossible.
 Yeah.
 They were large feathery kind of feather pieces.
 Sounds easy.
 Sounds easy.
 Yeah, it is easy.
 Well, really, they just wanted someone to sacrifice.
 Yeah, I don't think they really gave a shit who it was.
 And I think sometimes they also then sacrifice the winner,
 right?
 There's someone who's the thing in me, so I don't know how I can go.
 But they'd sacrifice a guy whose hat got knocked off,
 but then they thought the gods also deserved their best warriors,
 so they would sometimes also sacrifice the one
 who'd won the battle.
 Wow.
 It's a real catch, 22.
 That's terrible, yeah.
 Oh, it is.
 It's a matter of the pre-show interview,
 like the pre-match interviews.
 How are you feeling about the match?
 Not good.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah, I didn't know that they made rubber balls.
 Yes, they did.
 Some of them, yeah.
 The old mechs, especially.
 Yes, the sum of me, so Americans, they made rubber balls.
 And they could make a match, different compounds.
 This is very cool.
 And some of them had the scientists believe
 that they made 16,000 balls a year in special rubber ball factories.
 Wow.
 Yeah, this is--
 Yeah, this is impressive.
 This is very true, though, does it?
 Not factories, come on.
 It's got the word fact in it, James.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Is this the mezzo-American ballgame that we're talking about?
 Is this-- I thought that was a much slightly slightly different
 to Sacred Mote hat combat.
 It's the later mezzo-American ballgame.
 Yeah, they play with these balls,
 and it's a crazy game.
 And again, historians are not quite sure
 whether when the loser and the winner
 are determined who were the ones that
 were murdered and sacrificed off the back of it.
 So they think it might have been the losers who got sacrificed.
 But actually, the gods were more interested
 in the best blood and the most skillful.
 So actually, you would probably kill the better team,
 the winners.
 And there was this extra thing where they would chop their heads off.
 And some historians believe that then
 they took the heads of the opponents
 and then used those as a post-match ballgame
 to then play with their heads.
 There are pictures of that happening.
 Pictures?
 Yeah, the drawings that we have of them doing that.
 And they would also drink out of them sometimes.
 So the post-match skull would be used as a drinking vessel.
 Wow.
 They would recycle.
 It's not a way to drive up the quality of the game,
 I think, to kill good teams and bad teams alike.
 Yeah.
 I think that's why we should say they almost certainly
 didn't do this the vast majority of the time.
 I read a really good analogy, which was,
 imagine if in 5,000 years people looked
 at all of the Christian art that we have now
 and thought, wow, this is so weird.
 They just crucified people left, right, and set
 her every time they went to church.
 Just because that's the thing that remains.
 The image that remains.
 It probably did happen, but probably not often.
 Yeah, they seem to have really disliked
 a particular look in people.
 And if you had a beard and you had dark hair,
 you'd be crucified.
 There was--
 So they do have really interesting pottery, the Maché people.
 And there was an exhibition in Paris a few years ago
 about it was called Sex Death and Sacrifice
 in the Maché religion.
 And it had to have a warning on the way in about explicit content,
 even though this is from how long ago, 2,000 years ago?
 Yeah, best part of that.
 But have you seen it?
 Because it is pretty hard-cut.
 I've got some good things on my computer
 that stop me having to look at that sort of thing.
 Well, I do not have that.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Although actually in Venice, I went to this museum.
 So this Laco museum, they have an annex for erotic pottery.
 Your pottery.
 There's also, if you can't get down to Lima,
 there's a really good article on Traveller.com
 about that annex entitled Fifty Shades of Clay.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Superb.
 But in the museum, they're under different categories.
 Like Netflix, kind of.
 And there's the union of animals, fruits, and deities,
 sexual activity of the dead.
 That's not in Netflix category.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I better have that special thing on your Netflix.
 It doesn't let you watch those.
 It costs between animals.
 That includes frogs, mice, dogs, llamas, monkeys,
 and ears of corn.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Wow.
 In that museum, they have a part of a man receiving oral sex
 that they call in the museum, the Bill Clinton pot.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Is it-- they were such an advanced civilization
 that bought trade.
 Incredible.
 They are.
 When these are referred to, they're always referred
 to as sex pots.
 And this is in, like, archaeological papers.
 And they talk about the amount of sex pots.
 And you can't take it seriously at all.
 Crass over, Crass over.
 Oh my god.
 It's a Crass over, Crass over.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 What they can do, what they're going to do,
 how they're going to get it together?
 Oh.
 Yeah, so the Mocce are--
 [LAUGHTER]
 OK, so where were we, guys?
 How about you would just tell us about--
 I don't know, James, it was three months ago.
 You would tell us about sex pots.
 Ah, sex pots.
 Yes, but actually, I wanted to move on now
 to talk about knocking hats off.
 Can we do that?
 This is a fact about knocking hats off.
 That's right, yeah.
 So I was looking into the history of that,
 an easy thing to research.
 And I found out that 200 years ago, in the Ottoman Empire,
 if you knocked off someone's turban,
 it was punishable by death.
 Wow.
 And I discovered this because I was reading an account
 in 1799 of a Christian who was taken to court,
 because they were accused of knocking off a Muslim's turban.
 And the Christian's explanation, which
 seemed to be believed by the court,
 was that the Muslim had been wearing a blue turban, which
 looked exactly like the turban that his friend usually wore.
 So he said he'd knocked it off as a prank,
 because he thought it was his mate.
 And then the guy had turned around and it wasn't.
 And in fact, he ended up getting off Scott free,
 and the judge ended up punishing the Muslim for wearing
 a blue turban when he was supposed to be wearing a green one.
 Oh, no, that's cool.
 I got a couple of hat things, just very quickly.
 On George Orwell's 110th birthday,
 it was celebrated in a little Dutch town
 by these artists putting little hats on every single CCTV
 camera around there.
 Apparently it's loaded.
 Well, just to make them look cute.
 Just to sort of show how his vision has come true, basically,
 from the book.
 I don't remember the hats being in the book.
 It was the unedited, unabridged.
 Yeah.
 Party version.
 It's those hats that you get on innocent smoothie bottles.
 They came originally from 1984 CCTV.
 It's very sweet.
 Here's another one.
 Paul Petrol, the cartoon for kids.
 Don't know if you guys know it.
 No.
 Massive cartoon.
 It's ginormous.
 You're backing me up, right?
 It's ginormous.
 They had to--
 Dad, who are you talking to?
 I was pretending a well-entered audience member was here.
 Am I right, guys?
 It's massive.
 There we go.
 Shit, one came back with us.
 Yeah, Paul Petrol.
 They had to recall a firefighting hat that they had,
 because it turned out it was a fire hazard.
 Yeah, I'm reading.
 Yeah, so, yeah.
 I need to record that.
 OK, is time for our final fact to the show.
 And that's my fact.
 My fact, nine weeks ago, is that pseudonyms that Elton John
 has used when checking into a hotel include
 Sir Binky Poodleclip, Judas Fart, and the Marquis of Minge.
 You did that last time.
 It's Marquis.
 It's Marquis.
 Marquis, because a Marquis is a big tent.
 Well, you have weddings and stuff.
 And a Marquis of Minge is a completely different thing, I think.
 I seem to remember the audience who well-entered thought
 that was quite amusing, as well.
 I mean, I think was that an intentional attempt
 to recreate the atmosphere?
 Or was you've forgotten the 10 minutes of ribbing
 that you got behind, actually?
 You think I've learned?
 Anyway, the tent of Minge, the Binky Poodleclip,
 too, is not.
 Anyway, he does this when he goes to hotels.
 Obviously, a lot of people do that anyway.
 Celebrities like to give themselves a pseudonym
 so that the press can't find them and fans can't find them
 when they're in town.
 He likes to pick these particularly dirty ones,
 because it actually affects the people
 trying to get in touch with him that he knows.
 So, for example, he said that his mother keeps complaining
 to him saying things like, "I can't believe you've asked me
 to ring and ask for a sehorus pussy."
 It's enough like that.
 He's also gone for a Humphrey Handbag and Bobo Latrine.
 Yeah, I'm Brian Bigbum.
 Nice.
 You say they're so dirty.
 They're like an eight-year-old version of dirty, aren't they?
 Actually, what I quite like, as well,
 is that his name itself is a pseudonym, anyway.
 Yeah.
 He could probably go back to his original name.
 What are they old Dwight?
 Regional Dwight, and he has a middle name.
 Yes, is it Hercules?
 That's right, yeah.
 Have you thought Elton John and Regional Dwight,
 they're all first names.
 So, both of his names are those weird names
 where two people have the first name.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, you're right.
 Like Steve Martin or David Cameron.
 But we can't go on doing this all day.
 It's really, it's a fun game to play at home
 is to think of people who've got two first names.
 But actually, of all those names,
 I would say Elton is the least first name of all of them.
 And he's chosen that as his first name.
 That's true.
 Yeah, you're right.
 Ben Elton.
 Ben Elton.
 Yeah, Ben Elton.
 Oh, god.
 Honestly, I've got a list of about 30,
 which I compiled a few years ago.
 I remember us all compiling them together.
 I like that you've turned this into it
 being your solo project.
 Is that how you all remember the broadcasts?
 (laughing)
 Just to quickly say, Hercules is the middle name
 of his pseudonym, Elton John.
 That's right.
 It's not his real name.
 I heard that he named it after the horse
 in that old sitcom Steps on Sun.
 But I don't know if that's true.
 Oh, I really don't know if that's true.
 The middle name, Hercules.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 It wasn't the horse's middle name.
 There was it.
 It was the horse's first and only name.
 He only had one name.
 It was like Madonna in that respect.
 Well, it might not have been.
 You just never know a horse's surname
 because they get very little post.
 (laughing)
 Very good point.
 Yeah.
 On musical pseudonyms,
 Elton John recorded a version of Lucy
 in the Sky with Diamonds in 1973
 and John Lennon played on it.
 But lots of the Beatles,
 when they're recording other things,
 they use pseudonyms.
 And John Lennon's was Winston O Boogey.
 Nice.
 Yeah.
 Winston, of course, being his middle name,
 John Lennon's middle name.
 Ah!
 And O Boogey being his mother's maiden name, I think.
 Yes.
 I always hate doing Beatles facts with Dan here
 'cause he has to pretend to be excited to learn it.
 But you know that he knows all of them.
 I have a test for Dan.
 Go on.
 A Beatles test.
 Oh, yeah.
 So John Lennon and Paul McCartney,
 they only played one gig together as a double act.
 It was in 1960 at a pub in Caversham.
 What were they called?
 Er, well, I can't remember.
 They were called the Nirk twins.
 Yeah, that's right.
 (laughing)
 Oh, you should have given him more time.
 Yeah.
 You should have given up so many times.
 (laughing)
 There were only three people drinking in the pub,
 and nobody knew who they were anyway.
 It's so easy for you to just say the Nirk twins now.
 The Nirk twins?
 That's right.
 Yes.
 (laughing)
 Someone else who chooses funny names
 in order to embarrass people is Kate Beckinsale,
 who says that she chooses the name Segoni Beaver
 when she books into hotels,
 because she really likes, well, first of all,
 'cause she really admires Segoni Weaver,
 and there's no way of saying that,
 which actually seems like not a way to admire someone.
 (laughing)
 And also because she says her husband hates it
 when hotel employees call him Mr. Beaver.
 (laughing)
 Which you can understand.
 I don't believe her isn't the first name
 if you're thinking about that.
 No, no.
 (laughing)
 I get confused by this checking into hotels thing,
 'cause I think they just ask you for a passport
 when you check into a hotel,
 and no one, I don't think Kate Beckinsale
 has had a passport made up.
 Exactly.
 Or it's a labor affair.
 You have to give a credit card or something, don't you?
 Exactly.
 Except Elton John, when he does get to these hotels,
 he sends his pseudonym ahead,
 and they used to make up office stationery for him
 when he arrived in the room.
 It would have his pseudonym on it,
 headed paper, and so on.
 Which is quite cool, so, you know.
 Yeah.
 I think you have to be famous, don't you?
 So I think our personal experience, I suppose,
 is them just looking at your passport or credit card,
 but maybe if you're Elton John or John Lennon,
 they make some, you know, allowances.
 We've got a marquee coming to the hotel.
 (laughing)
 Better give it a big room.
 (laughing)
 So I'm confused talking of passports.
 People seem to book flights under pseudonyms a lot,
 or they claim that they do.
 So Marinin Monroe apparently book flights
 under the name Zelda Zonk.
 Again, not a thing you can actually do
 when you're booking a flight in my experience.
 You could in the '50s or '60s.
 Johnny Depp says he does it.
 Johnny Depp claims that he's always giving himself pseudonyms
 and he books loads of tickets in that name.
 I reckon he must take private jets, right?
 Yeah.
 Poor him.
 Johnny Depp at the moment, he's like, basically,
 he spends all his money on ridiculous things, doesn't he?
 Yeah.
 Yeah, like he shuts Hunter S. Thompson's ashes into space
 and stuff like that.
 Yeah.
 So I reckon he's a private jet guy.
 Yeah.
 But also, actually, Elton John has been in trouble
 for spending too much money, hasn't he?
 Has he?
 He was suing someone for not looking after his expenses properly.
 And in that court case, they said that he spent
 £40 million over a 20-month period,
 including £293,000 on flowers.
 Wow.
 That's a lot of flowers, isn't it?
 And they asked him in court, they said,
 do you have any reason to think that these figures
 are inaccurate?
 And Elton John said, probably not.
 And he said, really, £293,000 on flowers alone,
 is that even possible?
 And Elton John said, yes, I like flowers.
 Fair enough.
 He knows his own mind.
 Check-off used to write under pseudonyms
 when he submitted short stories.
 And he had really good ones.
 So he submitted stories to magazines with names
 that included man without a spleen, which
 was his most common.
 So he wrote 119 short stories under the name
 man without a spleen.
 He also was doctor without patients.
 And my brother's brother, for no particular reason.
 He was a doctor, wasn't he?
 He was a doctor, yeah, yeah.
 I wonder if he took his own spleen out
 to make him run faster.
 Because that's the thing, isn't it?
 If you take your spleen out, you run faster.
 It's not a common thing, is it?
 No.
 But it is a fact that James had been trying
 to get into the podcast for the last six months.
 I could go set it.
 I'd go, sure.
 I think you crowbar it in this fact as well.
 I'm a Wellington.
 I've a fact I didn't say in the Wellington show, actually.
 This is about musical student names and musical doubles.
 So have you heard of the band The Zombies?
 They're big six T's, and they're not really big anymore.
 But they only became famous two years
 after they broke up.
 So that was probably-- yeah, the song was
 "Time of the Season" that went really big for them.
 But they didn't know they were famous in the USA,
 because they were a British band.
 And communications were much worse then.
 So there was a band from Dallas who just pretended
 to be The Zombies and went on tour as The Zombies.
 Very successfully.
 And then, bizarrely, in 1969, there were two separate bands
 touring America as The Zombies being managed
 by a proper record label and everything.
 Are the fake zombies that had a training period?
 Do you think that the fake zombies bit the other guys
 that they became fake zombies?
 [LAUGHTER]
 That's amazing.
 I know.
 Nobody notices that the lead singer was the wrong sex.
 I've just completed different sex
 from the actual zombies that came.
 Actually, British zombies ever got to America are.
 I don't know.
 I don't know.
 Amazing.
 Yeah, bizarre.
 Do you know the person who's acted in more plays than anyone else?
 And this is related to pseudonyms?
 Is it Garrick?
 No.
 Is it someone who's got a lot of pseudonyms?
 It's actually a pseudonym, not a person.
 Oh.
 Is it, like, Alan Smithy or something like that?
 It's George Spellvin.
 So this is a name that's a credit that's been going on since 1886,
 which is that if you're in a play,
 if you're doing a performance that A, your turn
 bar has to be credited for, because it doesn't suit
 your reputation, or sometimes if you're playing two roles
 in the same play and in the program,
 you don't want to give away that you're that person as well.
 You call yourself George Spellvin.
 And it's been happening since 1882.
 And there are various different ones in different countries.
 So it's George Eau Spellvin in an Italian play.
 It's George Et or Georgina when it's French.
 And yeah.
 It's brilliant.
 The last one, the last case actually,
 was in 1988 in Edwin Druid, the Dictatory character,
 which we talked about, that musical--
 the Edwin Druid musical.
 Oh, yeah.
 Oh, cool.
 That's so weird, because the Alan Smithy thing
 goes on post-production.
 So just to explain, that is the same thing, but with movies, right?
 Exactly.
 And it usually is for screenwriters.
 When a screenwriter hates the fact
 that it's been rewritten so much, they want their name off it.
 And Alan Smithy is in its place.
 But again, that's post-production usually,
 whereas this sounds like you're in the moment
 embarrassed of the thing that you're in.
 And all the rest of the cast are going, oh, really?
 [LAUGHTER]
 Actually, we'll never mind.
 [LAUGHTER]
 You have to finish that, though.
 I don't know, I don't know.
 It's going to be-- it's going to be your atters.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, yeah, sorry.
 That's what you're going for.
 I'm not parting the ass.
 Yeah.
 Which nationality will he go for?
 [LAUGHTER]
 So things in hotels, like what you can ask for.
 Yeah.
 I saw a website where they asked a lot of people who worked
 in hotels.
 And there was someone in Seattle who had someone who came
 to the hotel who asked for a pillow fort.
 And apparently, this happens quite a lot.
 But these guys, as well as a pillow fort,
 they wanted a towel folded in the shape of an elephant.
 And if possible, a sexy picture of some fruit on the night
 table.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And did I tell them to do it?
 They sure did.
 Wow.
 How did they make the fruit sexy?
 Was it carving or was it positioning?
 I think it's just a banana and two plums.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I don't know.
 They didn't say what it was.
 It's a shame.
 So much opportunity to be creative there.
 Just on names.
 There's a guy who's written a dictionary of surnames.
 I think a couple of years ago, he's called Patrick Hanks.
 And he looked into the most likely meanings for surnames.
 And do you know what Shakespeare probably meant?
 So just light, literally, shaking a spear?
 Yes, you're going to get there.
 Is someone in a battle?
 You've gone the wrong direction.
 It was a medieval term for masturbator.
 Oh, I was so far away.
 Shaking a spear.
 I felt like you'd picked the right direction
 for once you went highbrow.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Who would have thought, wow, is that right?
 Is that right?
 Yeah, probably from an obscene medieval term for masturbator.
 So was it still known that meaning when Shakespeare
 was writing his place?
 He's not clear.
 But it could well be that, yeah, you'd
 go and see Romeo and Juliet by the great masturbator.
 [LAUGHTER]
 He would have worked it out.
 He was a great linguist.
 He would have worked it out.
 Because he was always doing little double entendres
 and stuff, wasn't it?
 That's true.
 He was.
 There were some very rude ones.
 I won't repeat them now.
 But does that mean one of his great, great, great, great grand
 fathers was a masturbator?
 Is that what we're saying?
 Yeah, for it as a job, I guess.
 Yeah.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Smith is blacksmith.
 Masturbators, masturbators.
 The medievalized street for the smitty bakery,
 the masturbatorium.
 [LAUGHTER]
 It's very sad.
 We used to have three masturbatorians on this street.
 They will become charity masturbatorians now.
 [LAUGHTER]
 OK, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we have said over the course
 of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Streiberland.
 James.
 @JamesHarkin.
 Andy, where might--
 where might someone find you on the internet?
 Twitter.
 @GeorgioSpelvino.
 [LAUGHTER]
 That is it, ski.
 You can email podcast@qid.com.
 Yeah, that's right.
 Or you can go to our group account at no such thing
 or a Facebook page, no such thing as a fish,
 or go to our website, nosuchthingasafish.com.
 We have everything up there.
 Links to all of the previous episodes
 and every bit of merchandise we've ever made
 could be found on there.
 OK, that's it.
 We'll see you again next week.
 Good luck.
 Woo!
 [LAUGHTER]
 Immigration, can we get this guy out of here?
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
