 Hi everybody, Alex here. Yes, Alex. I am alive and well and I'm here in the QI
 office on Christmas Eve Eve. Dan, James and Andy and Anna have all gone home
 again. Let me here to sort out this year's Christmas episode. In a second
 you're gonna get Dan and Anna asking you to subscribe to things and buy all
 their merch, but they couldn't even take the time to wish their loyal listeners
 a merry Christmas because they're all complete f***ing freeloading, self-centered f***ing whole f***ing bastards.
 So yeah, f*** them. It falls to me to gladly wish all of you out there a very
 merry Christmas from everyone here at No Such Thing as a Fish. And this means
 that I finally get to say, on with the podcast after these messages.
 Hi everybody, just before we start this show we have a couple of small
 favours to ask you. It's that begging time of year when people put their tins
 out and shake them around asking for you to do things like, for instance, voting
 for their favourite podcast in the National Comedy Awards. That's why we
 have been longlisted as one of the best comedy podcasts. We're very excited about
 that and we would love it if you could get us to the short list. To do that you
 can go to qi.com/vote. You'll see all the options there. You can also vote for
 your favourite comedians, your favourite comedy shows. You'll see Sandy Toxfig up
 there, host of QI. You'll see QI itself. Why not register a vote for them? And
 you'll see No Such Thing as a Fish. We would massively appreciate a vote. Do it
 now, qi.com/vote. That's right and there's stiff competition on there so we
 really need the Fish Army to come together and give us these votes because
 it would mean so much to the podcast to make it to the live National Comedy
 Awards. Outside of that what we would absolutely love is if you could just
 very quickly just go to the follow button on wherever you're listening to
 this podcast, be it Spotify or Apple iTunes, wherever it is and just press
 follow. We've discovered that so many people are listening to this show without
 having pressed that button and it's extraordinary what a difference it makes
 in helping us to be higher in the charts to get more exposure, to get more
 attention, to allow for the podcast to keep going. So simple button press is
 genuinely going to be a huge deal for us if enough of you do it. So please do.
 That's our two big bits of begging. Please vote for us in the National
 Comedy Awards. Please press follow and that will allow us to keep going as a
 podcast in 2023. Otherwise we just have to shut shop. That's it. If we don't get
 shortlisted and you don't press follow, we're out of here. Okay, come on down.
 Enough begging. This is time to get desperate and sad. Look, do it if you
 want to. Don't do it if you don't. Okay, on with the show. On with the show after
 you press follow and voted for us. Okay.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly
 podcast this week coming to you live from the Bloomsbury Theatre in London.
 My name is Dan Shriver. I am sitting here with Anna Toshinsky, Andrew Hunter
 Murray and James Harkin. And once again, we have gathered around the
 microphones, but not with our four favorite facts this time because this
 is our Christmas special episode and we have decided to instead use 500
 favorite facts from the audience members who are here tonight who have
 submitted them to us. And at the end of the show, after reading out some of our
 favorites, we're going to pick two of the best. We're going to bring the two
 people who said those facts onto stage and we're going to have them battle in
 a quiz to the death. So it's a very exciting episode, a special treat.
 What have we got from our audience here tonight, guys? I just want to say the
 facts are on my phone. I'm not checking the football scars all the way through.
 I just want to make that clear really early. So shall I do a fact? This is one
 just that I just picked up now. Some people can grow hair on their tongues.
 Oh, wow. Like a will? Yeah, that's what it sounds like. Yeah, well, I mean, would
 that be a useful superpower to have, do you think? Or a tongue, tongue hair.
 Yeah. Warmth. Sometimes it gets very cold in the mouth. Yeah. When you eat ice
 cream too fast. Oh, yeah. That's a good idea. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Ice cream headaches.
 I only say it is because the person who wrote it is a surgeon. Oh, I wonder if
 you're in. Are you in the person who? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Who's that? What's your name?
 Malcolm. Malcolm. You're a surgeon. Do you operate on hairy tongues? Are you a
 glorified hairdresser? Here's a weird thing that would possibly happen, right?
 If you had a very hairy tongue and you were, say, making out with someone and
 you did some French kissing, would it ever be the case that their hairy tongue
 would wrap around your tongue and then you would get stuck? Does it ever happen
 that you walk next to someone and your hair wraps around them and you get stuck
 together? No, but you know when you, like, put Christmas lights back in the box and
 then they come out next year and they're all tangled up? Oh, yeah. And you know,
 sometimes, remember, I had a friend at school who had braces and he kissed
 someone who had braces. No. And they got stuck in their braces. They're still stuck,
 aren't they? No, it's not a myth. It sounds like an urban myth. It does sound
 like an urban myth. Well, I saw it. Maybe you're the source of it. I shouldn't have
 been watching, but I saw it. I popped out from the cupboard and went, "Guys, I can
 help. I can help." Shall we just quickly go back to Malcolm to check whether it's
 part of your surgery, you actually grow people hairy tongues. Yeah, and you said
 in your message, so you can reconstruct people's tongues, but you said in your
 message that it might be come from your forearm or your thigh and so when it
 comes in, that's where the hair comes from. I see. Isn't that something like your
 hair, even if you take it away, I suppose this is, and this will explain why
 people have hairy tongues, even if you take it away from a certain bit of your
 body, it always remembers it was there and grows in accordance with that. So I
 think there are things where like if you get some hair planted onto your head, if
 you want to sort out your baldness, for instance, then I believe if like the
 hairs, let's say you get it taken from your pubic region or something. I think
 that's the most common that people get. If the hairs that were around it start to
 fall out, then that one will also fall out. So your hair has a thing in it that
 tells you how long it needs to grow, right, because your eyebrows are not the
 same length as your head hair and your pubic hair is not the same. What you
 can't see at home for the podcast is that it has enormous hairs on her
 eyebrows. And so yeah, it has those and then when you transplant, say you put
 eyebrow hair on your head, they would all grow for that amount of time and then
 stop. Could you transplant all hair as in could you transplant eyelash hair onto
 your head, should you want it? Well, we have a surgeon in the audience. Don't ask
 us. Shall we do some more facts? Yeah, let's do another fact. Maybe the fact that
 only I and presumably the person who sent this in, who's called Jamie Drummond,
 will enjoy and it's that. Why are you reading it? Stop with the hard sell, Anna, please.
 I think sometimes it's good to have a private bonding moment in these mass
 experiences. Cool. In Gladiator, released in 2000, Russell Crowe had a dog, quite
 ferocious dog, played by a dog called Kite, who was a Belgian shepherd,
 apparently a terveur in Belgian shepherd. Anyway, she went on to be well-arred in
 EastEnders. Of course, so that's the name of the dog, well-arred. Yeah, well-arred in EastEnders,
 yeah, named by Gus, I think, who was a funny guy, which is why he named him
 well-arred. Great fact. That is a really good fact. Any more? Any more? This is a
 cool one. This is from Polly, or at saying nice stuff. My husband, Frank, says the
 electrical cable in this theatre would stretch from here to Grimsby if placed
 end-to-end. Yeah. Why haven't we done that? Yeah. Do you mean all the different cables,
 because presumably if it's a cable it is end-to-end already, it's just a cable,
 right? It's not a cable, is it all the cables? It says the electrical cable. There's
 one cable in this place, wow. But I think I feel like cable can be a plural
 kind of collective noun, right? All the cable in a place. You could say that, right?
 Yeah, I see that. We said that all the time. Another one on places. I've got one
 which someone sent in saying, "In Switzerland it's illegal to flush the
 toilet after 10 p.m." What? Illegal? Illegal, according to this person who
 apparently lives in Switzerland, as so they claim. I remember there was a woman
 who wanted to get a passport in Switzerland, didn't she? Do you remember? And in
 order to get a passport, she needed to get the permission of all the other
 people in her village. That's right. And they all hated her. Yeah. And they all
 wrote to the government saying, "No, we don't want her in our country." And she
 didn't. I think eventually she got it. Did she? I think so, yeah. Yeah, they were
 like, "She's so annoying. We just don't want her." Yeah. That's bad. Thank God we
 didn't have that system here. I'd be homeless. This is quite a cool fact. I
 think Danny might like this one. It's kind of spooky coincidence. Oh, cool, nice. So
 this was sent in by email from Nick Speechley and it's that in one of his
 recent rants, Kanye West, I know not a promising opening. We don't love a lot
 of his work. Claimed that Hitler, I also not promising. I'll give you that. There
 better be a huge U-turn coming on this fact. Claimed that Hitler invented the
 microphone, weird. In actual fact, the technology that 90% of microphones used
 today was invented by an African-American man who was called West. That's good.
 Spooky. Is Kanye trying to plant that in our heads somehow? What is he trying to
 do? Well, you think he's gonna then say, "Well, it's my relative, so I'm gonna
 take all the money." Oh, maybe, yeah. Yeah. Are you saying he's a gold digger is
 what I'm asking? Oh, that's one of his songs. Is that a reference to him? Yeah.
 Is it true? We're sorry to move into Hitler, but I read years ago, years and
 years ago, that there was a story that whenever Hitler was gonna do a speech,
 the sound system, so this has to do with the microphones as well, the sound
 system would play a sort of note, a slightly annoying note, while everyone
 was waiting. So it was just one of those notes that, you know... Not the one that
 makes everyone poo. No, not the poo note, but like a certain age as you can
 hear certain ones, and it's just a little... Like a mosquito tone. Yeah, a mosquito tone.
 And the idea, again, don't know if this is true, the idea was that when he came on
 stage, they would turn it off, and the sense of relief that you would get when
 he came on stage played into the sense of, "Ah, someone who's gonna help us is here."
 It was just a little psychological thing. Has anyone heard that? I have heard that,
 yeah, from you. I bring it up every episode. Why is it not made it in? But that's
 actually what we were doing at the start of this show when, and for listeners at
 home, there were a series of maybe two or three dozen technical glitches, but it
 was just to create that sense of relief when we come on. Yeah, I've got a fact for
 you. Yeah, this is from Steve Early and it's this. I'm just gonna read it verbatim.
 "It is possible to make a tuba out of material other than brass, and somebody
 once made one from cheese. And it sounded okay." That's pretty good.
 I remember reading once that, I think this is tubas, I might be going completely
 wrong, but I think it's tubas. Basically, in America this is, all the high schools
 have all got bands, and they all have tuba players. But then, when you go to,
 like, top level bands, you only need one tuba player in a band, right? And so
 there's a massive, massive competition for tuba players in America, because
 there's loads of really good ones. Like, there might be loads of really good
 violinists, but you can have ten different violinists in an orchestra, right?
 Yeah. But there's not much use for a tuba. I would have thought it was always
 proportional, you know, in the schools. You've got, let's say, you've got lots of
 violinists in every school, so only a certain percentage of them are gonna
 get through to the... Well, they can also play in, you know, string quartets.
 I see. You don't get very many tuba quartets.
 Steve, can I just ask what kind of cheese it was?
 I'm guessing it was a fairly hard one. Oh, gotta be a hard one. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 I've got a fact about cheese, actually. This is Swedish cheese called "vastabottensåst".
 And apparently, when you make it, you require a bit of, you need to stir it
 and then leave it and then stir it and then leave it. And apparently, it was
 invented in 1872 by a dairy maid called Ulrika Lindström, and she kept being
 distracted by her work to go and have sex with a local boy. And she would go away,
 have sex, then come back and stir it, and then go away, have sex, come back and
 then stir it, and then when the cheese was made, she was like, "This is delicious."
 Yeah, but she must have been starving after that. Anything would taste good.
 Just quickly, I'm just thinking, if it was Edam, you could presumably get one of the
 holes to go all the way through, and then you'd have like a cheese tuba.
 You think of Leodamma? I don't think of Edam. And a tuba.
 It definitely has the holes, right?
 Edam's got holes in it, right? Oh, dear. No. Doesn't. Oh, wow.
 Ementol, I'm getting. Ementol. Yeah. Leodamma does as well, for sure.
 And Leodamma, yeah. That's probably why no one liked that joke.
 That would be the reason. Yeah, yeah. Make a good drum, and Edam, wouldn't it?
 I don't know what Edam is, as we now well know.
 I'm slightly struggling to remember what a tuba looks like.
 What does it look like? Well, imagine a big tube. Yeah.
 Surround it with brass. Yeah. There you go.
 In fact, do you know what you should imagine?
 Because I've always really loved this. You know, the fallopian tubes,
 if you can picture fallopian tubes. Of course.
 A common, everyday household item for Dan.
 From diagrams. You can see the shape of them, and they get wider at the bottom.
 Yes. So they were named after the tuba.
 Oh, really? Not tubes. Yeah.
 I would say more like a paperclip, but it's a big musical instrument, right?
 It's got those bending bits, and it's got... Yeah.
 I'm just trying to think of something that Dan might have seen more from the fallopian tubes.
 I've seen a lot of fallopian tubes, James.
 It is a fun Christmas fact that I got sent.
 I got sent this this morning. Nothing to do with the show.
 So @SteveDownUnder is not going to realise that he's made it onto our show,
 but he's written in from New Zealand.
 He DM'd me on Twitter, and he said, "Kia ora, Dan.
 "Quick fact for you. You might like to use for fish."
 Jesus had a disciple named Thomas the Testicle.
 No. No, no, no, no, no.
 Happy to elaborate if you're interested.
 Now, I don't want to be a doubting Thomas, but I don't think that's true.
 Why would he say that? What's he saying there?
 Thomas the Testicle.
 I don't know what he's saying.
 Does anyone in the audience have any idea
 if he might be making some kind of weird reference to an actual fact?
 Oh, is he hitting on me?
 We'll let you believe that's what it is, I suppose.
 We did actually put a call-out for some Christmas facts on Twitter,
 and we got some great ones in.
 So this is not from people in the audience here, but I did particularly like that.
 So I like this because I have friends who live in the Netherlands,
 and I refuse to believe they're this deranged.
 But in 2006, people in the Netherlands were banned from adopting rabbits over Christmas,
 because there's a popular festive song about a family cooking their pet,
 and it was believed that all Dutch people who adopted rabbits
 would just be trying to replicate that song.
 It's terrible, isn't it?
 And I think around the same time, the Dutch version of the RSPCA said
 that everyone who had a rabbit should keep it indoors
 so that no one would kind of pick it up and try and copy the song.
 How often do you sing a song and then sort of enact the lyrics as you do it?
 Yeah, I'm always going around bullying reindeer's.
 Yeah, apparently this is a thing, and it's really, really popular,
 and if you go to the Netherlands and they play the top 20 Christmas songs of the year,
 they always play this one.
 Oh, we've got to send another Christmas animal slaughter-related fact.
 I've got it here. It's from Holly T. I think you're in.
 Hi. This is great. I really like this.
 This is a historical fact. It's that in 1797,
 Tom the Goose was brought with thousands of other geese to the Leidenhol market
 in London to be slaughtered.
 But Tom escaped perusing the market and evading capture for days on end.
 His life was eventually spared, and he was adopted as the market's mascot,
 and he had a bar named after him, which is called Old Tom's Bar.
 The Goose.
 The Goose. Yeah, yeah.
 Do we buy that? I buy it.
 Yeah, I think so. And definitely we know that the geese were taken to town
 and they were walked all the way to town and stuff like that.
 They put little boots on them, wouldn't they?
 Well, that's what they say. They always say, "Oh, they put little boots on the geese."
 But actually, I think what they happened was they would dip the feet in, like, tars.
 I think they'd walk them through a big tars.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's not quite as nice.
 But that definitely did happen. That did happen.
 And they did used to always go rampaging the animals around Smithfield and stuff.
 So, yeah.
 I would say more plausible than Tom as a testicle, if that's the...
 Yeah, that's true, yeah.
 ...high rocky. Of the Tom's, yes.
 Yeah. Yeah.
 This is a cool one. We got sent by @flamies, who I think is in here tonight.
 Diego, are you in here tonight? Diego's here.
 Google engineers in California had no clue about the Football World Cup,
 and were alerted to it when traffic dropped suddenly for more than half an hour,
 then suddenly spiked and went back down again.
 Nowadays, most tech companies have a dedicated sports event calendar as a result.
 It's just pretty cool how much it sort of influences the world.
 Yeah, except no one in this room who have continued with your ordinary lives
 despite the football match being on, and we respect you for it.
 Yeah. Here's one.
 In 1834, we also had three prime ministers in a year.
 So, we did this year.
 Lord Melbourne was the prime minister.
 He was sacked by the king, and Sir Robert Peel was chosen,
 but Sir Robert Peel was on holiday in Italy at the time.
 So, they sent someone out to find him,
 and while they were trying to find him, the Duke of Wellington was an interim PM.
 - That's good fact, isn't it? - Right.
 I love the idea of trying to just find the PM.
 Well, they just struggled with Boris, OK?
 Check the fridge.
 There was another fact about, oh, I think it was Lord Liverpool,
 who was the fifth Tory prime minister in a row,
 and was at the kind of late end of, you know, an administration,
 and wasn't seen as being very good at the job,
 was really young as well, was in his early 40s when he got the job,
 and he was in charge of 25 years.
 - Wow. - Yeah.
 Are we sure there wasn't a Thomas the Testicle?
 Because I feel like that would be, of all the disciples,
 the one you'd want at the last supper, right?
 - Like, he's... - Why?
 - He's the party disciple! - I thought you...
 Bring the party disciple, Thomas the Testicle!
 I thought you meant as a kind of dim sum option.
 - Who am I? - I've got another fact on bowls.
 - Oh, yeah? - Someone sent this in.
 My interesting fact is that frozen meatballs that go in pasta,
 ready meals, set off metal detectors.
 Now, can you guess? Let's see if you can guess why that might happen.
 - Frozen meatballs set off metal detectors. - Frozen meatballs.
 - Yeah. - They've got metal in them.
 LAUGHTER
 - Oh, it's a reasonable thought! - Yeah.
 - Because you wrap them in aluminium. - No, no, no.
 - That's good. - More surprising than that.
 - More surprising. - Is it to do with them being frozen?
 - The freezing process. - Why? Close.
 - Whose fact is it? - Jack.
 - Jack, can you explain why? - Because that's...
 When they're frozen, they're so dense.
 The metal detector isn't actually looking for metal.
 - They're supposed to be really dense on there. - Oh, I didn't know that.
 So metal detectors don't detect metal specifically.
 They detect the density of the object.
 - Yeah, and the meatballs are really dense. - Frozen meatballs are really dense.
 - The idea is... - That's why Dan sets it off whenever he goes through.
 LAUGHTER
 When I go home and my wife says, "How's the gig?"
 It's great. The room clapped for me at one point.
 - It felt great. - Here's one.
 This is from... I think you're in the room.
 Samuel Wilkinson, hello. So, Sam Wilkinson says,
 "Only five people on the planet know the formula for angostura bitters,
 "and they have made a pact to never fly on a plane together,
 "or even to eat in the same restaurant."
 That's a really good excuse if you've got people who you don't like, isn't it?
 Just give them something and you're like,
 "Oh, we can't go for dinner together. I'm sorry."
 - Yeah, yeah. - Yeah.
 I was always told when I was a barman,
 "I don't know if this is true because I never looked it up,
 "that angostura bitters is technically poisonous. It's a poison."
 And that's why they always said, "You're only allowed to use a tiny little bit."
 - I don't know if that's true. - Maybe.
 I mean, everything's poisonous in large enough quantities, isn't it?
 - Yeah. - It's such a clever dick thing to say.
 Well, I got really worried recently because my husband made a meal for me,
 and it tasted quite strongly of a specific spice.
 I was like, "God, why is that? You put lots of it in."
 He said, "Oh, I just put loads of nutmeg in it."
 And I know, and I got suddenly quite nervous
 because you know, nutmeg is actually banned in a couple of countries
 because it is in certain quantities poisonous.
 And surprisingly, small quantities.
 Like, if you had two tablespoons of nutmeg, I think you'd be in trouble.
 - Really? - Yeah.
 And then I actually...
 I don't think I've admitted this to him, so maybe you don't tell him.
 But I wanted him to feel okay, so I said, "No, I'm sure it's fine.
 "How much did you put in?" And he showed me.
 And then I actually threw up
 because I thought, "I'm not fucking dying.
 "If this guy wants to die, if not my poisoning, he's good.
 "He can go, but I've got a long life to live."
 - Oh, my God, so... - But you thought it was worth saving yourself.
 Well, I didn't want him to think I was paranoid.
 Yeah, you certainly haven't come across as paranoid in this story.
 And then did you just watch him and see if he died?
 I watched him like an absolute hawk, yeah.
 - And he passed on that name. - Yeah.
 Is it legal these days to have a massive company
 and have all the ingredients on the back,
 but then go, "But there's a secret something we're not telling you?"
 - I don't know. - Can you legally do that these days?
 But they all do, don't they, like KFC and Coca-Cola and stuff?
 We've got allergies. We have, like, people have things.
 I think if you had peanuts in there, they'd make you put that on.
 - Yeah. - Yeah.
 Well, I don't get why they're not allowed to go to the same restaurant
 because, in case it's poisoned.
 - Well, if all five of them die in the restaurant... - Yeah.
 I see, yeah. But in case there's a poisoned chef in the restaurant...
 - Yeah, yeah. - Yeah, okay.
 Hannah's husband working...
 Welcome to Nutmeg, Nick.
 There's a few things at the O's, right,
 where people aren't allowed to travel in the same plane or whatever.
 I can only think of the Wright brothers,
 - because they weren't allowed to fly in the same plane for years and years. - Yeah, me too.
 The Royal Family as well, there were certain things about that
 that's been said. I read, and again, don't know,
 - because we're just flying off with... - Yeah, yeah.
 We were telling the facts. It's possible this is true,
 that people who made the parachutes for NASA
 for the rockets that come back in, so Apollo 13, when the parachutes came out,
 the people who know how to make the parachutes,
 there's only, like, three people who know how to make their parachutes.
 - Can't be right. - It doesn't say that.
 Three people who know how to make their parachutes.
 Yeah, there's a secret ingredient to that.
 It's the ropes.
 Just on the Royal Family, by the way, because we just quickly mentioned them,
 when he was child, and the nanny told him to do something that he didn't want to do,
 apparently Prince William used to say,
 "When I'm king, I will have you punished."
 Oh!
 This is a cool one from Charlie Brook.
 In the 1960s, a British scientist began an investigation
 into whether there were people who could see the future.
 The project ended in 1968, when two of his subjects accurately predicted his death.
 - And this really happened, and this is, as Charlie Brook says,
 this is from a book called The Premonitions Bureau,
 which is a new book that came out this year by Sam Knight,
 and it was about a guy in London who, following a very tragic accident
 where a school was taken out by a landslide and there was a lot of deaths,
 a few people said that they had accurately predicted that this would happen.
 There was even a few school children from the school
 that had drawn these quite ominous drawings ahead of it,
 and so he thought, what if this is the case, a premonition was a real thing?
 What if we had a bureau in London that was able to accurately gather together
 all these predictions so that we could see if there was going to be a big train crash
 in the future, or a fire somewhere, we would be able to stop it before it happened.
 - And they predicted his death. - They both independently said...
 - Did they kill him?
 - Yeah.
 - I haven't got to the end of the book. - I went to Nostradamus's house this year.
 - I knew you were going to do that. - That was great.
 - What was your favourite thing? - Oh, it was a plaque. That's it.
 - That's it? - Yeah, yeah.
 - What was the plaque? Is the plaque said that he'd lived there, or was it like in Kodor?
 - It said he'd lived there, and it talked a bit about the stuff he predicted,
 which I don't think it's going to be true.
 - They hired you to work for their tourism outreach programme, didn't they?
 - Can I quickly say my favourite Nostradamus fact? - Oh, gosh.
 - And it's not a fact, obviously, but when he died, he was buried,
 and there was all these rumours swirling around that if you wanted to inherit
 the powers of Nostradamus, you had to get his skull, and you had to drink through his skull.
 And so he died, and then in 1791, which is, I think, maybe even 100 years after he died,
 in May of 1791, these grave diggers locate his grave, and they dig him up,
 and they open it, and there, laying in the grave, is Nostradamus.
 But around his neck, and on his chest, is a little board on which it's written,
 "May 1791," as if he went, "I knew you'd be here!"
 - Oh, my God. - That's good pranking.
 - Yeah, yeah. And is that true? Oh, it's not true.
 - I think this is really interesting. I can't believe I didn't know it, if it's true.
 This was sent in by Willoway Culpepper.
 So in Pennsylvania, you've got the Amish community, you know, they're called Pennsylvania Dutch.
 Do you guys know why they're called Pennsylvania Dutch?
 - I thought they originated in the Netherlands.
 - Apparently, they were German settlers, but they introduced themselves to the English,
 and what do they introduce themselves as? - Deutsch.
 - Deutsch. And the English one. - I know.
 - Yeah, sounds like you're probably Dutch.
 - And that's stuck ever since. - That's great.
 - OK, well, look, I think we've got a good pool of facts to pick from here
 for going into our fact-off for the nerdiest person in the room.
 So James and I are going to be deciding who are the two finalists,
 and whoever we pick is going to be on our team, so we're going to ask you to come up on stage
 and sit next to each of us, and we'll do this quiz along next to you.
 And so, James, do you want to pick first who...?
 - Yeah, I'm thinking that maybe to psych you out, we should go for the meatballs guy.
 Because it felt like you really lost it around that time.
 And I think by bringing him up on this side of the stage, that's going to really...
 - OK, all right, meatballs guy.
 And I will go for the lady who hasn't flushed her toilets since 10pm to 6am
 in the mornings every single night.
 - So, while you're making your way down and making your way to the front of the stage,
 we are going to find out the rules of the quiz, how it's going to be played,
 how we're going to determine the winner.
 So here to introduce it all is our quiz master herself, Anna Tyshinski, everybody.
 - Yes. Yes, so the way this is going to work, as we alluded to earlier,
 is we will be quizzing our two contenders, Jack and Gaia,
 and we're going to be quizzing them on how well they know the no such thing as a fish crew.
 So come on to stage, Jack, you're on James' team, I'm sorry about that.
 But if you take a seat there... - Ah, it's the winning team, Jack, don't worry.
 - And I just want to introduce you also to my little scoring boy over here on the left,
 Andrew the red-nosed reindeer.
 Hi, Gaia, you're on Dan's team.
 So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to read out some questions,
 and you're going to have to tell me which member of no such thing as a fish
 is the answer to those questions.
 Can you stop distracting your contestant, please?
 Um... OK, without further ado, let's start the quiz.
 So, question number one.
 Who once lost a quiz by saying one of the seven dwarves was called Bernard?
 Please choose quite speedily.
 Gaia, you've gone for Andy, Jack, you've gone for Dan.
 The correct answer is Dan Triber.
 Get in there. Come on.
 Cross it with me. What the fuck are you doing?
 I'm an idiot. She thinks too much of you.
 Oh, actually, that's very kind of you. Oh, thank you. Oh, OK.
 OK, question number two. So, sorry, scoring boy, what is the score?
 1-0.
 Thank you for your invaluable contribution to the game.
 Question number two.
 Who was given birth to in front of live observing students?
 And you guys have gone for James, you, Jack, have gone for me.
 Anna, the correct answer is me.
 Brilliant, Jack. Amazing.
 You knew it. You just knew it.
 Scoring boy, what have we got?
 2-0.
 Wait, sorry, why were people watching you when you were born?
 They asked my mum halfway through labour if she minded if...
 Excuse me, is that Anna Tyshensky?
 It's about to be.
 No, they said, "Do you mind as an educational process
 "if people can watch your child being born?"
 And she said, "Go for your life."
 And so, they asked about 20 people into the room.
 Oh, my gosh. Wow.
 Are they still in contact with the others?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, she has them round every time, every Saturday.
 Every time you come back home.
 I squeeze myself through a very small window.
 The cat flap.
 OK, so question number three, and Jack, if you get this right
 and you get this wrong, then Jack's taken it.
 Who owns a light-up ear spoon?
 Who owns a light-up ear spoon?
 You've both gone for James Harkin,
 and the answer is James Harkin.
 Yes! Yes!
 Yes, Gaya!
 What's our score, then?
 3-1.
 3-1. Well done. You could call it back now.
 Yeah.
 But not if Jack gets this one right.
 So, who played Joseph in the nativity play
 alongside their brother, who played a blade of grass?
 You've both gone with Andy, and I'm afraid that's not right.
 No, I'm afraid it was me. It's not me, this guy, James.
 And he will be absolutely delighted
 we're bringing it up for this podcast.
 OK, so... No change.
 No change. There we go.
 Still on 3-1.
 And so, final... Oh, hang on.
 Let's do the final question anyway.
 I'm sorry, that was an underwhelming announcement
 to say that Jack's won this, but...
 Very, very hard to come back from at this point.
 But it's possible. It's possible. We can do this.
 We can do this.
 Gaya, according to Dan's brain, you can do this, and I believe in you.
 So... Double points.
 Who once had a brilliant, self-described,
 idea for a cheese chessboard?
 You've gone for Dan. You've gone for James.
 So, just to say, this is double points, right?
 Oh, we're actually giving Gaya a chance.
 I think we should, yeah. Double points.
 Well, you're both wrong. Just because I know the answer, yeah?
 Yeah, yeah.
 I'm afraid it was Andrew Hunter Murray...
 Guys, it's obviously my idea. Come on.
 The cheeseboard.
 But cheeseboard is already a thing.
 But every piece is a different cheese.
 As we've learned, you know so much about cheese.
 Well...
 I had an idea for a T-shirt
 where you have a chessboard on the front, right?
 And it's called "chest", right?
 So you have little velcro bits, right?
 And then, check this out. Check this out.
 On the back... What have you got?
 Backgammon. Backgammon. Oh, backgammon.
 Way better.
 Way better. That's why that didn't work.
 Monopoly's too complicated.
 So, Gaya, I'm so sorry.
 You're the second nerdiest person in the room,
 but I'm going to have to ush you offstage now.
 But, Jack, if you want to take center stage here,
 and I'm going to hand you over to Andrew Hunter Murray.
 Jack, well, you have done it.
 You did it with your facts.
 Get ready to take your prize, Jack.
 Ladies and gentlemen, give it up for Jack,
 the nerdiest person in the room.
 CHEERING
 OK, that's it. That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening to this episode.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we've said on this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter account.
 I'm on @Sriberland.
 Gaya?
 Hey, it's Gaya.
 Jack?
 @monkey2738?
 Are you a bot, Jack?
 You're the nicest bot I've ever met.
 Andy?
 Andrew Hunter M.
 And James.
 Hi, James Harkin.
 Anna.
 You can email podcast@qi.com.
 Yeah, or you can go to our group account,
 which is @NoSuchThing, or our website,
 NoSuchThingIsAfish.com.
 All of our previous episodes are there.
 Thank you for tuning in to our Christmas episode.
 We'll see you again.
 Goodbye!
 CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
 # #
 CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
 # #
 # #
 CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
