 We run it on QI a few years ago. Yeah. Which was there's no such thing as a fish.
 It's a nice such thing as a fish. No, seriously. It's in the Oxford Dictionary of Underwater Life.
 It says it right there. First paragraph. No such thing as a fish.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming to you
 from the QI offices in Covern Garden. My name is Dan Shriver. I'm sitting here with three
 of the regular elves. It is James Harkin, Anne Chazinski and Andy Murray. And once again,
 we've got our four favorite facts from the last seven days and here they are in no particular order.
 James, starting with you. What's your fact? Okay, my fact this week is that the head of the
 International Chess Federation believes that chess was brought to earth by aliens.
 And he should know. Yeah. What kind of evidence does he have for that?
 He has first hand evidence because he was abducted by aliens in 1997 and shown around the galaxy.
 And they told him the earth is set to collide with the planet Nibiru, killing us all if mankind does
 not cleanse its aura by playing more chess. That was it. In an interview in Time Magazine. That was.
 What's his name again? Mr. Ilyum Jinoff. He's a politician as well. He's the head of the
 Kalminkir province of Russia and he has friends such as Chuck Norris and he was friends with
 Salam Hussein. He's friends with David Ike. Why do these political guys? All these sort of like
 eccentric characters always have an American action hero as a good mate. They all have Chuck Norris
 being his mate or like Kim Jong Un having Dennis Rodney. Yeah. I guess it's like a trophy friend.
 Trophy American mate for some kind of buddy movie that may erupt one. Any biography movie done
 of a big political leader of our time is effectively going to come out like rush hour.
 Chuck Norris just quickly on him. I read this thing whereby he despite being in violent movies,
 hates that his kids would have to watch violent movies but they all want to watch his movies.
 So he does this thing where he edits out all the fight scenes from his movies and lets his kids
 watch that and I cannot think of anything more painful than watching a Chuck Norris movie without the
 fighting scenes. Yeah. Do they think that he's in a load of 26-minute-long feature films?
 Just back to this guy, Mr. Ilyum Jinoff, he said that aliens gave us chess. That's one thing but he
 also said they gave us something else. Anyone know what it is? No. What is it? A technology
 or an illness or a body part? No. Sweetcorn. He says they gave a sweetcorn but he says it was a
 different civilization that gave us sweetcorn. Maybe the Aztecs are the Incans or something.
 And are they threatening the world with destruction unless we eat as much sweetcorn as he is
 only possible? Do you know what? He's been more asked about the chess donation from space
 than he knows the sweetcorn. I can't find anything else out there. You know what guys? I was really
 hoping this was going to be about chess. Can I tell you the fact about chess? Yes, please.
 Okay. In 1999 Gary Kasperov, obviously great chess champion, played the world at chess. Oh yeah.
 He played 50,000 different people from more than 75 countries in one game. So they also
 met a vote on what move they should take as a team and whichever move received most votes was the
 move that the world made against Gary Kasperov. After four months the game ended at move 62,
 when 51% of the world's team voted to resign. 49% must have been levied. Yeah. But they weren't even
 acting on that. So 50,000 people, but they weren't even on their own even as 50,000. They had four
 chess experts guiding them, acting as world team coaches and suggesting moves and strategies.
 So even with expert help, 50,000 people cannot be Gary Kasperov. Gary Kasperov, so famously he
 obviously had the two matches against deep blue, the Supercomputer, the latter of which was in 9,
 so he won the first one, which was a set of six games. And then in 1997 he played another set of six
 games. And in the first game of the six he won, but he basically had a mental breakdown after
 the finish because the computer had done what he thought was a completely ingenious move that even he
 couldn't understand. So Gary Kasperov was winning, but the computer moved a rook in a really random
 position. And Gary Kasperov couldn't work out why that possibly would make any computing sense.
 So suddenly he went, "Oh my god, I can't work out the logic of what this computer is doing. It
 must be better than me." And that was the last game that he ever won against the computer because
 he became so frightened that this has superhuman intelligence. And actually one of the computer engineers
 admitted to Nate Silver 15 years later that there was a bug in the computer and it just resulted
 to randomly moving a piece, totally at random. It would have been better if someone had just moved
 the horse in the wrong way. He's like, "Yes, that would have been a horror baby." Just knocked the
 table over. "Oh my god, you can move a horse three up and five across." "I have no one tell me this."
 He thought it was a sign that there were humans intervening with the computer.
 Oh yeah, and he thought they were very interesting. Just about your thing about Kasperov versus the
 world and there's, "I can go one better on that," which is the first ever world chess champion
 was called Bill Helm Steinitz and he was a great player and he beat everyone and then he started to
 slightly lose his marbles a little bit and he challenged God to a match and he would play God quite
 often and he quite often beat God and he got so much better than God that he would start giving God
 like a pawn extra to try and make it a bit more even. When you say he beat God? Yeah, it was God playing.
 Well, I think he was slightly schizophrenic so he was getting the moves himself and go,
 "Oh, God did that. Oh, God, you idiot!" And so he would be God and very sadly, he ended up in a
 mental asylum and died penniless. He was the first ever chess champion called Bill Helm Steinitz.
 There is a debate about where the chess makes you mad or not. There's a really good
 Nabokov quote about the fact that everyone who plays chess must eventually go insane. But my
 favorite chess player is this guy called Nathan Shoransky who is now an Israeli politician, I think,
 but he was a human rights campaigner in Soviet Russia and he was a childhood chess prodigy
 and he was put in a Siberian prison in 1977 for nine years and he said chess kept him sane. So he
 was in this tiny freezing-cold cell, slightly given any food. It was completely dark. There was
 absolutely nothing in the cell just stone and he just played chess in his head against himself
 for nine years and said that that was the only way that he survived it.
 Well, that kept him sane. Yeah. I think it's in a round. They banned the, you know, when you get
 the pawn to the end and you can turn it into a queen. Yeah. I think they banned that move because
 it promoted bigamy because then the king had two wives. Surely it would be promoting transvestism.
 Are you assuming that pawns are men? Yes, I am. Are they? I don't know. I'm comfortable with that.
 Queens used to only be able to move less like they could only move one space like in any direction.
 Yeah, they were rubbish. They were the worst. And then they could move like knights for a while
 for some reason, which is kind of bizarre because you would have thought knights could move like that
 because their horses. Queen could do it too. Sorry. Just the logic is like, well, they're on horses,
 so that makes sense. She has never struck me that doesn't make sense, doesn't it? The knight's
 can move too. The horses can jump over. I think they can jump over a base. Yeah, they can jump,
 but there's no particular reason why a horse could would move too forward and one to the side.
 At the same time, the evil carnivals of the chess world. Do you guys, when you play Monopoly,
 are you going, okay, I'm going to get the car because that moves faster than a hat.
 This is a bit too much logic. Oh, I get a battleship. Blow up the iron. Yeah,
 when you see them, they brought out new pieces for the Monopoly board. Yeah, they brought in a cat
 last year, didn't they? Yeah, they've got rid of the iron or the old boot, possibly, and replaced it
 with a cat. But is it? Sorry, go on, Andy. Sorry, just on the Monopoly thing, the cat won a vote,
 a popular online vote, and it beat a robot helicopter diamond ring and a guitar. And one of the guys
 from Hasbro said, I think there were a lot of cat lovers in the world that reached out. They're always
 bloody reaching out. Robot should have won. King Canute, who we all know, turned back the waves.
 He once had a chess game with an Earl of his called Earl Ulf, and he did a move. I think it was a
 nice move, but he realized it was a bad one. Try to take it back. Earl Ulf said, no, you can't do that.
 It turned into a massive argument. Can you tip up the table, went off in a half, and then had Earl
 Ulf killed? Wow. Napoleon got really angry playing chess. Well, according to one account, Napoleon
 got really angry playing chess against the mechanical Turk, didn't he? Yeah, we should explain who the
 mechanical Turk was. Yeah, so the mechanical Turk was a fake chess machine that existed between
 1770 and 1854, and it was theoretically, it was this robot that was dressed up like a Turk,
 and it managed to beat Napoleon, Franklin, Babbage, other famous people at chess, and it sort of
 toured the globe, and it was this Turkish man with a huge box on which he had a chess board,
 that he apparently played by some robotic power. So I don't know why no one ever said, hey,
 can this Turk play without the huge box? Because inside the huge box under the chess board was
 obviously a guy who was controlling the chess pieces. Why does our box keep sneezing? Yeah.
 What? Maybe this is why the robot's not allowed on the monopoly boy. All games have been banned from.
 Gays Napoleon puts into death. But yeah, at one point in Napoleon, I think, wrapped a shawl around
 the mechanical Turk's head so that he wouldn't be able to see the board, which obviously didn't make
 a blind bit of difference. There was another famous chess player who always had excuses, and he'd lost
 five games in a row. He was five nil down, and he said, oh, the first one I lost because I had two
 thugs, and the second one I lost because I had a headache, and the third one I lost because I had
 rheumatism in my legs, and the fourth one I lost because it just wasn't feeling very well,
 and then they said, oh, why did you lose the fifth one? And he said, what, am I expected to win every game?
 That was like when David Hay, after his match where he lost his eye arch, you know, I twisted my ankle
 this morning, and that was his excuse. No, he broke a toe. He broke a toe. I broke my toe,
 and I really affected how I punched with my arms. I just wish I'd learn. Oh, yeah, come on,
 that's all right. Yeah. What, you toe? Yeah, you can't move. Can be really painful. No, he was,
 he was fine. Can I just say if David Hayes listening, I believe you. Oh, me too, actually.
 Yeah. Sorry, David. I don't, but I don't know who you are. I thought you were a chess player.
 Come on, let's bring weedy chess player Hay over here. This is rash. I broke his other toe.
 Okay, time for fact number two, and that is my fact. My fact this week concerns the Greenland shark,
 which is a shark I didn't know existed until a few days ago. What I love about it is the Greenland
 shark is so slow that it basically needs all of his food to be asleep in order to eat it,
 because otherwise if it can move, anything can out swim it because its fastest speed is one mile per
 hour. Why is this slow? Because it's in cold water, and so it needs to preserve all of its energy,
 and so on. They can do a little burst of speed. Are they the sharks? They can, but when they say,
 when they, in everything I've read, I could be, if someone out there knows any different, because
 I'd love to know, apparently with the bursts of speed, they can only get up to about 1.6 miles
 and that's their burst of speed. That's amazing. Yeah, it's not as much a burst, is it? They're
 amazing looking. They're 20 feet long as well. They're huge. Yeah, they're ginormous. Yeah.
 So it eats seals, the Greenland shark, and the problem with eating seals is that it's fine if they
 can manage to get the seal, but the seal can swim at two miles per hour. So it's always just in front
 of this shark who's given it its all gone gone. It's not always just in front. It's always increasing
 its distance. That's true. That's true. That's right. A mile every hour. So basically they have to wait
 to find a sleeping seal, and here's the thing. The seals are their main predator or the polar bearers
 up on the ice, and they would rather be in the ocean and risk being asleep, because they can probably
 have a good sleep. Notice a shark on its way, and by the time it wakes up, it can still get away. Yeah,
 you could press snooze quite a few times before it gets you could. But their extraordinary creatures,
 just generally, their skin is poisonous. I don't know if I've read about that within any other
 sharks. Not the rest of them too, the flesh as well. That's sorry. Yeah, yeah, so they're completely
 poisonous. We couldn't eat them. And do you know what it does to you if you eat it? Do you know
 the effects it has? What's the poison? The poison. So the poison is try methylene oxide, and so if
 you eat the flesh of the shark, that has the effect of extreme drunkenness. Does it? So if you
 manage to not eat too much, then you can just get really pissed. Oh, so it's like licking a toad,
 except if you don't like drugs and you like alcohol. Yeah, exactly. Wow, like a hallucinogenic toad.
 You can lick this shark. Looking, I think you'd have a nibble. You can't cook it, though. There are
 ways of preparing it properly, but it's a very disgusting way of cooking it. You have to bury the meat
 in the ground for it's one of these, is it? Yeah, for six to twelve weeks, and then you expose it
 every so often, and you thaw it out, and then you freeze it again. Then you have to hang it up to
 try it for several months, and then you finally cut it into bite-sized cubes. Well, I think in order to
 eat that, you'd have to be pretty drunk. Yeah, and it says the end product, which is called
 a heckarl, or a heckarl, is a delicacy, which is the universal way of describing foods that are
 horrible, but rare. They can live, these sharks can live up to 200 years, they think. No, that can't
 be right. Yeah, this is what they say. They know this because scientists have said that they can
 live up to roughly 200 years of age. They know this because they measure how much they grow per year,
 and they only grow about one, between half and one centimeter per year, and so they found them the
 size of great white sharks, and they made an assumption that that's how large they can get. It's really
 weird how little we know about this shark as well. They were only first photographed in 1995, and the
 first bit of actual footage of them is from 2003. So they're kind of this new species to us, really.
 It was actually thought that sharks, in general, died in their 20s, but then they did radioactive tests
 on them because the radiation that went from the nuclear test into the environment meant that you
 can test how old things are, and they found that sharks now routinely live into their 70s. At
 least. Wow. Wow. Okay. Yeah. That's such a strange thought, isn't it, elderly shark? They have found
 inside the Greenland shark, haven't they? Some pretty impressive animals given that they move so
 slowly. They think that they've got, they found reindeer and they found really fast moving seals inside
 it. A lion, a cheetah. A polar bear. A polar bear. A polar bear. It's found inside one of them. Yeah,
 they, which is weird. They basically eat everything because they don't have many options of living things
 to eat because everything can swim away. They're genuinely, they're scavengers. They just, if they see
 something dead and it looks edible, they will eat it because that's, their, their three options are,
 it's either asleep, it's dead or it's swam into my face. Those are the three eating options that they have.
 I want to talk about some slow chases. Okay. Yeah. So in, I don't know when this was. A few years ago,
 there was a news report of a guy called Mr. Smith who stole a JCB and then he drove off at 10 to
 15 miles an hour. The police were called. They started chasing him, but then realized that he was
 just going and they couldn't stop him. And so the, the policeman got out and chased him on foot.
 And he said, I was able to keep pace at a fast jog, which is quite a good police chase. And I was also
 reading about this really cool thing called the marathon de Madoc, which is a French marathon. And
 it's known as the world's longest marathon. And it's a full 26 miles and there are 23 wine
 stops on the way. And a lot of these. He just paused to complain. Sadly, no, it's where you drink wine.
 And they stops also offer specialties such as steak and ice cream when you get to stop. And at 23
 miles, there's an oyster stop. So you can have some oysters. And according to the organizers,
 this marathon has the most medical support of any marathon in the world. Wow. Of course. Yeah.
 And no one's ever finished it. Come for the steak. Stay for the heart attack.
 Slowest animals. The slope is obviously a good guy and can only move three meters per minute.
 But I think that's fine because it can do so much other cool stuff. So it can spin its head 270 degrees,
 which I didn't know. Exorcist style. Quite impressive. Yeah, James is trying it now. You've got about 40,
 I would say 40 degrees. You've managed. Oh, come on. No, you've got about 90.
 It certainly went over 90. But I didn't know the slopes were so sudden through the algae grows
 on their coat. And they use it as camouflage. Well, they're justifying that after the fact. No,
 this is camouflage. And to do it guys. They eat it as well. Don't they? The algae.
 There you go. Multi purpose. This leads to a brilliant, interesting thing about the slowest,
 which is the two-toed variety. I think they climb down from the tree to defecate. And that uses up
 eight percent of all their energy, which is a lot of energy just to go to the toilet. Yeah,
 it's terrifying that we 12 shits away from death. One uses eight percent of your energy. Oh, yeah.
 You will be counting in your head. That's four. That's like you can see like the energy bar at
 like the top of Street Fighter. That's how you can break that down. You'd have to really conserve it,
 wouldn't you? And do they know that? I can hold it for another six hours. But it's been 11.
 Okay, time for fact number three. And that is you Chazinski. My effect is that in the 19th
 century, you could be committed to an asylum for novel reading. No, it was up your court reading
 a novel. Yeah, banged up. Was it specific novels? I didn't say actually, it was just so this is,
 well, I found records from West Virginia asylum from between 1864 and 1889. And Pennsylvania State
 Lunar State Hospital are just two sources that I found, which give lists of reasons for admission.
 And one of them is novel reading other reasons for admission into the West Virginia asylum in that
 time period include kicked in their head by a horse, bad whiskey and imaginary female trouble.
 Don't know what that is. Yeah, hysteria, I guess. But imaginary. You know, there's a separate one.
 The hysteria is totally separate and menstrual trouble is separate. It could be an imaginary female
 trouble with the wife. It was only men. You're not married. Get to be asylum now. Actually,
 speaking of that, so in the other asylum, the Pennsylvania asylum novel reading was cited as a cause
 of lunacy in two patients. One man was admitted for mortified pride, but the most common cause of
 admission, so the most common illness or the most common reason for going mad for which 226
 patients were admitted in one year in 1866 was just trouble. Yeah, I got trouble. It's an incredible
 list. It includes things like the war. There's another reason for admission to an asylum. Yeah.
 Sure, and that's PTSD. That would be must be shell, shell, shell. That would be yeah, two more
 of my favorites from that list. One of them is tobacco and masturbation. Are those paired together?
 Yes, they are. There's a separate one for masturbation. And then tobacco and masturbation,
 I believe is a different question. There's masturbation and syphilis, suppressed masturbation,
 masturbation for 30 years, and my favorite deranged masturbation. That's your favorite one.
 Hobby. Yeah, this is like a list of our weekend. It's my to-do list.
 Masturbation also thought to be caused by novel reading in the 19th century.
 Yep, I was reading an extract from a book called Disease and Sanity and Deformity written in 1860
 and it said masturbation often caused by novel reading. And the way you can spot masturbation
 in some, so obviously it's a terrible sin. I know how to spot it.
 I don't need a guide. It's hard to identify. Give me a line up. I'll spot the guy.
 It's number four. You can tell because he's got tobacco.
 Oh, how do you really spot it? You can spot it by some congastly eyes and clammy, greasy skin,
 irritability, eyes averted when they meet us, basically all the symptoms of being a teenager.
 Oh, I had a good one. Sorry, I have a good thing in the, this was in 1869 and it was an essay by
 the Reverend JT Crane about novel reading about why it's so bad for you. And there was loads of
 different reasons. Mostly it's about encouraging imagination and obviously that's not to be
 encouraged. But one of the things says that a novel reader is merged in the hero of the story,
 handsome in person, brilliant in mind, endowed with every excellent and excellent and bearing
 a name of at least three syllables. So basically if you read novels, it makes you think you have a name
 of three syllables. He soon imagines he is desperately in love with some little damsel in the
 neighborhood. He begins to canvas her. She turns him down and eventually he commits suicide.
 And that's apparently if you read novels, that's what will happen to you.
 To every person who read a novel, really, it is extraordinary, but we don't realize that the novel
 was a new form in the, in the 18th and early 19th centuries, but it's extraordinary, but it's
 extraordinary to think of a world in which novels were unknown and then suddenly people were writing
 these, no, they were, yeah, and it was a lot of worried of course typical to the time about the
 effect on young women. Oh, it was all about women. How they would imagine themselves to be, as you say,
 James, heroines and things like that. Yeah, yeah. That would lead them to abandon their studies. The
 wholesome pursuits actually, Jane Austen mounts a very lively defense of novel reading in North
 Anger Abbey. She says they contain everything that's excellent in mankind. Yeah, she didn't have
 a vested interest. That's being a novel writer. Oh, you've blown the lid right on this one, James,
 going in private eye now. Not just women, because what about Gertr's sorrows of your
 verta? I like that it's Gertr's sorrows of verta. Yeah, I do like that. No, but that was the novel he
 wrote, wasn't it? Yeah, it was the character. The main character commits suicide. One of the characters
 was very distinctively dressed. I can't really remember it. It was like he had yellow trousers or
 and a red jacket or something that I commit suicide and then everyone supposedly copied him.
 And there was two thousand suicides in Europe blamed on that novel. God, wow. So they are dangerous.
 Yeah. Stay away from the novels. Okay, we've got to move on. Anyone got anything else so we're
 chucking? Yeah, just some really good stuff about how they dealt with the mentally ill in the 19th
 century. So when you were put into your asylum for novel reading, some things that you could have
 done to you were so freezing cold showers and shaved heads were often administered because it
 was thought that you could release the madness through your head and you'd have an application of
 blisters where your skin was burnt a lot. So you blistered up. So a blister would be prescribed.
 But the funnest, I think, a whirling chairs. So these were what they sound like, really,
 where you get sat in a chair tied to it and it spins around and around and around and it's
 supposed to send your madness propelling from your body. So there's a great account, for instance,
 in 1822. Did it work? Yeah, it worked like a charm, like a dream. In all the accounts I've read,
 I've read tons. It's always no improvement, no improvement. They never caught on. If there was a
 transcript of just like the doctor's kitchen where they all met during the day, they would sound
 way more mad than anyone who was in that side. How's as your day been? I put him on the whirling
 charity, you know, propel his madness out of it. How did it go? It didn't work. I don't know if we've
 got a faulty chair. I don't know what's going on. Does the conversations would have been insane in
 that? You did a whirling fast enough. Okay, time for our final fact and that is Andy.
 Hello, my fact is that the Japanese Yakuza crime syndicate has its own website, which has a theme
 tune designed to attract new members. Wait, so just very quickly because I know much about them.
 This is like a real kind of like menacing mafia like, yeah, except that there's a lot of acceptance
 of them in Japanese society and it's not illegal to be a member, but it is illegal to do obviously a
 lot of the activities, which is extortion or or rackets of one kind or another. So they have a very
 interesting racket, which is basically large scale bribery where they buy shares in a company
 enough to get them to a shareholder's meeting where they can speak in public. And then they just find
 dirt on the company's executives, get in touch with them and say, if you don't pay us a significant
 whack of money, we will come to the shareholder's meeting and read out all this terrible stuff about
 you. And so they do it. And the only effective method against them apparently is to have everyone's
 shareholder meetings on the same day so that they can't be everywhere at once. So now 90% of
 companies on the Tokyo Stock Exchange have their annual shareholder meetings on the same day now.
 Yeah. Yeah. But it's very weirdly half accepted and then they see themselves as not being
 criminals. They see themselves as having a proper coat of honor and having, you know, like night and
 they sometimes do, I mean, whether it's a cynical act or not, they, for instance, in 2011,
 were some of the first people to get to the tsunami. The tsunami affected areas with aid, weren't they?
 And in 1995, the same thing in Kobe in when the earthquake hit, they think that if the U.K.s hadn't
 arrived in time with their aid, then there would have been much, much more damage done because
 other agencies couldn't get in fast enough. Yeah. So they're controversial because they don't,
 they're not totally unpopular. They've got this thing. I read that they have a 12-page exam now
 for all of our members. Yeah. Just to make sure because they keep getting in trouble for kind of
 rookie errors and the way that laws are changing and so on. I think it's because they don't mind doing
 their big racketeering and stuff, but they don't want to get in with a brawl or just like
 a lane, like a parking fine or something like that. They're trying to stop them doing the small things.
 But that's what's really funny because in a normal exam, if you were doing that for normal people
 who just live quite a sort of legal life, it would be stuff like not parking your car in a certain spot.
 The stuff that they have, the topics that they cover are dumping industrial waste and vehicle theft,
 which is normal. I love that dumping industrial waste. They also have a newsletter that they do.
 Yeah. And it's, what do you want to know? No, no, you go for it.
 So it goes only to the regular members. You have to be a proper full-time member to get one
 of the newsletters, but that's 28,000 people. And it's articles, motivational articles from the
 management about the difficult times we're going through it and I'm going to pick up soon.
 Haikus articles on fishing, in treaties to perform good works. So I think it's designed
 partly as a little propaganda thing because they know that people outside, or also going to read it.
 Hey, these guys, they sound like pretty fun. We should go angling sometime with them.
 Did you go on to their website that you were talking about? Yeah, I did. And it's very old school.
 You can translate it into English, can't you? And a lot of it is about anti-Marijuana saying that
 marijuana shouldn't be allowed in the country and all that kind of stuff. Yeah, exactly.
 The banished drugs and purified the nation league is the front for it.
 Yeah, um, isn't there a branch with that's that is quite anti-drug zone? I got it's called the
 Yamaguchi Gumi. Yeah, the Yamaguchi Gumi is genuinely quite anti-drugs or parts of it are very
 anti-drugs. Yes, yes, they are. So they're selective about the crimes they commit. They are exactly.
 It's more a kind of power extortion racketeering thing. I should say where I got this fact from.
 It's from this magazine called delayed gratification quarterly, which is a very cool magazine because
 it's all news from three months ago, which has been filtered and written about really carefully.
 And there's this incredible photo feature which you should check out by a guy called Anton Kuster's
 who was allowed into the syndicate for two years to photograph them. Their tattoos are
 extraordinary. They often don't get a say. Oh, well, put these up on the side. Yeah,
 yeah, there's a few Google Anton Kuster's. It's a K-U-S-T-E-R-S, then you'll find his photos often.
 Right. This magazine just sounds like an excuse for a newspaper that was very slow getting to
 the press. It sounds like if Greenland Sharks made a newspaper. I did genuinely try to get hold
 of delayed gratification quarterly on Monday last week and they said, come back on Wednesday.
 Hell's Angels, another, well, the US Department of Justice,
 Consentism, a crime syndicate. And anyway, I was reading a news story on the other day where a
 German student moond a group of Hell's Angels and hold a puppy at them before escaping on a stolen
 bulldozer. So he ran outside, presumably, where every single one of their Harley-Davidson's
 was sitting, thought, I need an escape vehicle. Need to get away from these guys real quick.
 Bulldozer. He must have thought that the dog would distract them somehow. Well, it must have,
 because he was stopped by the police, not the Hell's Angels. Perhaps they thought they didn't
 really care that much. They'd rather go on drinking. Did they have a theme tune as well? Oh,
 speaking the theme tunes. Have we got, did you manage to find the Yakuza? Yeah. So here it is.
 So there's nothing but my courage in this body. I'll trust myself to the life of the Yakuza and
 follow this path I've decided on. Wow. It's not as jingly as I was hoping it would be.
 No, it's not really. I was hoping it was more like an advert trying to get you to a KFC or a McDonald's
 or something like that. Yeah, I'm not signing up after hearing that. It should be like don't be a loser
 join the Yakuza. Change has been the whole podcast planning that. So speaking of theme tunes,
 did you guys know that Salmon Rushdie wrote a theme tune once? No. For a TV show we all know and
 love. Nope. He wrote a theme tune. It was titled The Best Things Begin With Bee and it was for
 the Burnley Building Society. He wrote the lyrics to it. You can dream a little, you can dream a lot,
 but the best dreams of all are the ones you've got building in the Burnley. That is fun. And I can't
 find any evidence of online. I reckon he goes through the internet every day and make sure he
 deletes every reference to it. That's great though. I didn't even know Burnley had a building
 society. He didn't do its job. Apparently he was a very bad advertising. The one thing I know about
 Burnley is they drink more Benedictine than anywhere else in the world. Do they? Well, the best
 things in life do begin with B. Benny Hottens working. They drink it in Benny and Hottens, which is
 Benedictine and Hotwater and it's a specific club especially in a certain area of Burnley and they
 all drink Benedictine. Really? And then invest their money very sensibly. Yes. That's what they're into.
 There was something else. Oh yeah. He worked, he came up with a slogan for fresh cream cakes,
 naughty but nice. Yes, he did. And he also invented the word irresistible. Yep.
 For arrow chocolate bars. Pretty cool. So that obviously prefigured a lot of his magical realism
 later on. Can I tell you something about theme tunes? Yes, please. Yes. Okay, I have a couple of
 things about theme tunes which I really like. So you know the theme tune to Desert Island Discs?
 Yes. Very nice. It was inspired by the view of a bogna region. Yeah. He composed a rotate
 looking across the lagoon towards Bogna. It's called the blue lagoon or something, isn't it?
 Yeah, it is sleepy lagoon. Sleepy lagoon? Yeah. I kind of makes you want to go there.
 Good old bogna region, so it gets really bad rap, doesn't it? It does. Yeah. I shouldn't, as you say.
 It's like water just a quick interjection. Waterloo sunset was originally called Liverpool sunset,
 wasn't it? Because it was about the beauty of a sunset of Liverpool. And then it was changed because
 I think the kinks felt that Waterloo might resonate with more people. Burnley sunset would have been
 better, wouldn't it? Burnley sunset. Yeah. The best things in life begin with B.
 Yeah. Simon Rushdie is working on his sequel now. I'm Burnley building's a side sunset.
 Did you know that the Star Wars theme tune has lyrics? Well, I know. Yeah. What are the lyrics?
 So, okay, basically, there was a holiday special that was made that George Lucas has since said
 if he had enough time and a hammer, he would go around smashing every pirated copy out there
 that still exists. And it was basically the story of Chewbacca going home for Chewbacca
 a wookie day with his family. During it had all these very surreal moments and all the actors from
 Star Wars were in it, including Princess Leia, who then sings the Star Wars theme tune with lyrics.
 Yeah. And the lyrics are roughly, we celebrate a day of peace, a day of harmony, a day of joy,
 we can all share together joy. It's a really boring lyrics, but it's a really nice, it's a really
 nice thing to the lyrics are out there for that song. There was, and I don't know if it's right to
 call this a theme tune, but early American presidential candidates, they would have songs associated
 with, oh yeah, I kind of are like theme tunes. So, John Quincy Adams was the president in 1828 and
 he was the incumbent and he was facing Andrew Jackson. So, John Quincy Adams, he didn't write it,
 but a song penned on his behalf was called Little Little No Yee Who's Coming. And it warns of
 fire and slavery and pestilence if John Quincy Adams loses the election. Lyrics are, fires are coming,
 swords are coming, pistols, guns and knives are coming, if John Quincy not be coming.
 And then he lost the election by a landslide. And did Wars America overtaken for the next 100
 years by fire and brimstone? It was not. You were just talking about presidential theme tunes,
 I really like the fact that was it Bill Clinton's one of the democratic conventions when Bill Clinton
 was incumbent. It was originally going to be the theme tune for the convention was going to be
 a manbo number five until the song. A smart person pointed out that it contains that they're
 a little bit of moniker in my life. So, they changed that. I think Bill Clinton used to go up to
 ladies and go, the best things in life begin with a B. That's very funny. Have we got any more on
 this? So, there was a gang of counterfeiters that tried to con the Bank of England a few years
 ago out of £28 billion. And they did that by claiming to have a collection of £1,000 and £5,000
 banknotes. According to the news article, the audacious plot was foiled by the fact that the £1,000 banknotes
 had not been legal tender for more than 60 years and the £500,000 version never existed.
 My Roman coin scam is going to go really bad.
 Okay, that's it. That's all of our facts. Thank you so much everyone for listening. If you want to get
 in contact with any of us about the stuff we've been talking about, you can head to @QIPodcast on Twitter
 as a main stop. But if you want to get to us individually, I can be got an @Sriberland James.
 Take shapes. Andy @UndrewHunterM. And Anna, you can email me on podcast@QI.com. Why are you chocolate?
 I don't know. You always, when you say it, the fact that you're not on Twitter and then you say
 an email, it sounds as far away as like, say, a fax number. Telegram?
 Yeah, you can, yeah. Okay, that's it. You can also head to our website. No such thing as a fish.com
 where we've got all the previous episodes of these series that we've made so far. It's about 27
 episodes. Otherwise, we'll see you again next week for another episode and catch you then. Good bye.
 [Music]
