 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming
 to you from the QI offices in Covenant Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber, I'm sitting here with Anna Chuzinski, James Harkin and Andrew
 Hunter Murray and once again we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite
 facts from the last seven days and in no particular order here we go.
 Starting with you, James.
 Okay, my pet this week is that elephants can tell how much of something is in a closed
 bucket by smell alone.
 It's so cool.
 It's so amazing.
 So let's say, let me take one of you for instance Dan.
 Yes.
 As I'm looking at you.
 Hello.
 Yeah.
 And one of them has got three steaks on and the other one's got one steak.
 You'd know which one had the most steaks on them right.
 But if you had two boxes of conflicts that were both closed you wouldn't be able to tell
 which one was full of conflicts and which one isn't full of conflicts and elephants can
 do this.
 So that's insane.
 Am I allowed to shake the cornflake boxes and are they allowed to shake the buckets with
 their users?
 You're allowed to do whatever you want.
 Uh huh.
 No one's going to stop you unless you do it too much in Sainsbury's.
 But the elephants know they didn't do any touch at all, it was all completely by smell.
 And it was in their particular case it was two buckets containing 11 different ratios
 of some flour seeds and they managed to choose the bucket with the most some flour seeds
 59% to 82% of the time which is more than you would expect by chance.
 And actually even dogs, they've tried this on dogs and dogs can't do it.
 So basically if you've got say, um, two kilograms of cocaine up your bum or four kilograms
 of cocaine up your bum, the dogs wouldn't know which one it was.
 Right.
 I think you had four kilograms of cocaine on your bum.
 It wouldn't take us never dogs to identify you.
 Do you think there would be a long difference do you between the four and the two?
 I think in your gate.
 Yes.
 You think the gate would be different?
 No.
 No.
 No, mate.
 It's like a big pocket up there.
 Four kilos.
 Two kilos.
 Two kilos are still uncomfortable and it's not like you're swaggering along comfortably.
 You have to be one big bag as well.
 You could do it's ten small bags.
 Oh great.
 That's going to make a big difference.
 Boy, on the entry point I think it would.
 I don't know how you close a bucket.
 I'm glad you said bucket at the end of the sentence.
 It's buckets with a lid on the buckets.
 I wish my buckets came with a lid.
 How much bucket do you have?
 I've loads.
 Yeah.
 Like a bucket you would put up make a fire and you would need a lid for wouldn't you?
 Why are you making fires in buckets?
 Well, I'm trying to get rid of all this cocaine I've got out of my bum.
 It's really interesting, right?
 It's not even like these amounts are huge differences.
 I think I read in the study that let's say, well, were we saying seeds of sunflower seeds?
 Some sunflower seeds.
 It would be the difference between say 150 sunflower seeds and 130.
 They not all of them could get it.
 It's obviously easier for them with bigger differences, but even at that point they could
 still do it.
 So the other cool thing was they double-blinded it because the experiment is thought we
 might accidentally give away if we because we know which buckets have the most sunflower
 seeds in.
 We might get really excited when they're going to also be gone.
 So they definitely made kept made sure that the elephants didn't know and the researchers
 didn't know where the but sunflower seeds were.
 Yeah, okay.
 Yeah.
 That's useful.
 So if you're getting raisins in a supermarket, for instance, and you need to choose the
 packet that's got the most in them, you could bring an elephant and then you've got your
 mind's worth, right?
 Because they frequently put, they frequently label on the packet how many raisins are in
 the bag.
 Well, they put the weight on, they don't say this contains 4,000 raisins.
 I'm having a good day with your allowance today.
 I buy in bulk.
 All right.
 That must be how many are in a big packet of raisins.
 I just put a little sun-made boxes, the size of the candy.
 No, you can't put more than 30 raisins in there.
 Imagine that you've got 10 raisins in your hand, that's a nice handful slash mouthful.
 Right.
 Your 4,400 handfuls of raisins on each box.
 Look, it took a lot of work smuggling these into the country, that's hurt itself and that.
 Then you were walking funny.
 Just on testing elephants, so there was another test of elephant smell by the University of
 Quazulu, Natal, and they did something really cool.
 They built an elephant-sized lab mouse maze, so you know the stereotype of science is putting
 mice in a maze.
 It's almost always just a Y-shaped maze, so they put the mice in at the tail of the
 wise at where they see which of the two branches it goes into and they build an elephant-sized
 one of that.
 They put a bucket of food, they liked it at one branch of the Y, they put a bucket of food,
 they didn't like it at the other branch of the Y, and they could identify it.
 They knew instantly which branch to go for food.
 Just through smell.
 Just through smell again, yeah.
 That's cool.
 So do they have the best smell of any mammal that we know of?
 They do, didn't they?
 Yeah.
 It's extraordinary.
 They've got the highest number of old factory receptors, definitely, haven't they?
 I feel like other animals can claim in a different sense, but yeah, they're ability
 to distinguish between amounts, seems to be unique.
 And it's so sensitive that, for instance, there was another experiment where they show
 that they can distinguish between different people, so in Kenya, there are different tribes
 and some of them kill elephants and some of them don't.
 So the mass-eye kill elephant as a ritual thing, whereas the Canberra people don't.
 And if you hold up a mass-eye tribe's persons clothes, then the elephant freaks out and starts
 bashing its track at the right hand.
 It's amazing, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 Absolutely incredible.
 They can do it by sight, which you've just described, and also by smell.
 Yes, they can do it by slight and smell, yeah.
 So they identify the color of the clothes, but also if they've blinded in their face.
 Yeah.
 They can still smell it in their face.
 Blindfolded.
 We should say, blindfolded in the face.
 Blindfolded, yes.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I mean, either of those works.
 Yeah.
 Blinded?
 Well, it just sounds a lot more cruel than being--
 For my experiment.
 I mean, they're right.
 It's a blind, 100 elephants.
 You're not going to get approval.
 Isn't it great to know that it does have the best sense of smell given how big it's
 noses. Like, you just-- you would hope that that big nose had some sort of rate advantage.
 Yeah.
 And it does.
 Do you know one other thing they can smell?
 TNT.
 And they're very good at it.
 And then fact, in one sense, at least, they're better than dogs at it.
 Mm-hmm.
 What's that sense?
 It's a smell.
 That's it.
 I think it's the sort of-- the proportion they can identify it, or the sensitivity score.
 They score 99.7% and dogs get about 94%.
 So there was not a lot about this saying, so does this mean that elephants should take over
 TNT sniffing dog's duties?
 No.
 Absolutely not.
 Their sheer size and weight makes them completely unsuited to being infield TNT detectors.
 Which I think is fair.
 At airports.
 Yeah.
 You would-- you'd have to go past the sniff at elephants.
 Well, then you're not-- you're not sniffing with TNT and airports.
 Yeah.
 This isn't the minefields of Angola, isn't it?
 It's not like they're expecting people to smuggle huge sukies with TNT.
 Oh, well.
 Okay.
 It's curiously.
 Oh, well.
 So they're incredibly-- elephants are incredibly smart.
 And they've only really started properly experimenting on their intelligence over the last
 20 years or so.
 But we used to think they were idiots because, for instance, there was this experiment where
 scientists dangled really, really nice smelling fruit and food and stuff, the various heights
 that were too difficult for them to reach.
 And then they left sticks all over the floor and thinking the elephants will pick up the
 stick, hopefully.
 And then they'll prod the fruit.
 Like a beauty hunter.
 Like a beauty hunter.
 Exactly.
 And they didn't.
 So it's dying to say, "Well, they can't be that smart. They can't figure it out."
 They should have hung an actual donkey, because that's what an elephant really, they wouldn't use one of the basic rubbish pinnars.
 Is that what they, they'd hold out an actual donkey in the sweet sweet sweet sweet sweet sweet sweet food?
 I don't know if they have pinnars in their culture though.
 Elephants.
 Also, you've been to some traumatic children's parties. They've hollowed out a donkey.
 That's tough to get through. You need a really big stick for a long time.
 Mine and James's parties, I'm blinding elephants in one corner.
 James is scooping the inn and is having a donkey in the other.
 Anyway, the point was that they weren't being stupid, not being able to get it with a stick.
 They'd pick up the sticks, and then they wouldn't prod at the fruit, because people didn't understand the elephant's scent of smell is so good.
 So as soon as they pick up a stick, they can't smell anymore, because they wrapped their trunk around it,
 and so they couldn't smell where the fruit was.
 And the scientist, because we're so human, we just think, "Oh, you just see the fruit, because we assume that a sight is the most important thing."
 But then they had to smell where it was.
 They put in a clothespeg on your nose, but they wrapped their nose around the stick.
 Exactly, yeah, yeah, exactly.
 I read a thing saying, it's basically like having a nose on the palm of your hand every time you touch something, you're smelling it.
 Much more than you are touching it.
 Butterflies can smell through the feet, can't they?
 Yes!
 They have all that stuff on their feet.
 It's so cool.
 So imagine if you had feet like a butterfly and happens like a...
 This is the worst part of the week.
 I found just on the subject of amazing senses of smell.
 Yeah.
 There is a woman who can smell Parkinson's disease.
 Oh, this is really weird.
 So there are people with incredible senses of smell of the super smell as they get called.
 And this lady was a retired nurse, called Joy Melm.
 And obviously she'd worked with a lot of patients with Parkinson's.
 And she'd been to a talk about it by a doctor.
 And at the end of it, there was any questions at call.
 And she put up a hand and said, "Why aren't you doing something about the fact that people with Parkinson's smell?"
 And they didn't really...
 They thought, "Oh, that's a slightly weird question to ask."
 And she... And eventually they worked out that she meant, "No, I literally can smell it."
 And they tested it on her.
 And she can tell before physical symptoms appear.
 So they presented it with a load of t-shirts that have been worn either by patients with Parkinson's
 or people who did not have Parkinson's.
 And she got them all right apart from one false positive
 where she flagged someone up as having Parkinson's who didn't.
 And then later on that person got in touch to say, "Oh, by the way, I've just been diagnosed with Parkinson's."
 So she had identified it before.
 It's like someone wearing you.
 It's amazing.
 That is amazing.
 We need to move on in a sec.
 One more thing about elephant smell.
 They smell each other's urine and get a lot of information about the pack, about the herd from that.
 And if they're walking in a line, let's say, do the condor or whatever.
 And then the one at the front smells some urine from the one at the back
 because some scientists have taken it and then run to the front of the queue
 and then put some urine there. They get really confused because they know who's urine is who's.
 And if it's in a place where they're not expecting it,
 they get really confused and looking around and they can't work out what's going on.
 Wow.
 Let's say you came into the bathroom next week when I'm on holiday in Japan
 and you smelled the urine and you went, "For the hell, that's James's urine."
 I thought he was in Japan.
 Yeah.
 It's like that.
 Cool.
 And remembering, because that's the other thing,
 the two things we assume are elephants are good at, smelling the trunks and remembering,
 because in the jungle, but they say an elephant never forgets.
 Yeah.
 And they don't.
 So they remember all the smells of urine, of all the different mates they have.
 And also there's this amazing moment in 1999 at an elephant sanctuary
 where there was this elephant called Jenny.
 There's still going on about this.
 There's this Asian elephant called Jenny.
 And she was suddenly introduced to a new elephant into the sanctuary
 and they had this amazing reaction to each other.
 They got really freaked out and agitated and then ran up to each other
 and it seemed like this exhibition of euphoria for both the elephants
 and the care of Jenny was like, "What on earth is going on?
 This is so weird."
 So she looked back into their history and for a few months, 23 years earlier,
 they'd worked in the circus together.
 Wow.
 Just remember each other.
 23 years.
 Yeah.
 That's incredible.
 Like Jenny, there's you.
 I don't remember anyone about this 23 years ago.
 You look at us blankly every morning.
 I was nearly in a Konga the other day.
 Yeah.
 It was at a wedding.
 It was very long Konga and everyone was going pie in the Konga
 and they kept saying, "Hey, join the Konga."
 And I kept saying, "Oh, I'm going to join on the end."
 I got about five people saying, "Hey, get in here.
 Mate, rub for me."
 I said, "No, I'll just join on the end."
 Did you join on the end?
 I tricked them all.
 No.
 No one's going to know.
 No one knows.
 No one looks behind in the Konga exactly.
 But I had already urinated at the very end of their route.
 So I was there to freak them out.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two.
 And that is Chuzinski.
 My fact this week is that Thomas Jefferson cut his Bible to pieces
 and glued it back together in the order he thought it should be written.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 Great.
 He had a better idea for the Bible.
 It was in the wrong order.
 And he was right.
 So this was the New Testament specifically.
 And he was a Christian, obviously Jefferson.
 And he had a Bible.
 And he wanted to put it all kind of in chronological order.
 So he got all the gospels.
 He ripped them apart.
 He actually had six different volumes.
 So he could do lots of experimenting.
 And he had a Greek one, a Latin one, English and French ones.
 And he cut up all the gospels.
 Paged my page.
 Rearranged all the pages in chronological order.
 So, you know, if John said Jesus had a sandwich when he was 17,
 then Matthew said.
 And then he went on a slide when he was 20.
 He'd sort of put the Matthew after the John bit.
 Even though in the actual Bible Matthew had come before the John.
 Yeah, yeah.
 That's a really good idea.
 Yeah.
 Because Matthew, Matthew and John, they're all telling the same story.
 They're telling the same story, different bits of it.
 Is there any good bits that he left out?
 Do we know?
 I actually don't know what the examples are that he left out.
 But I know he left out some of the dodgy miracles.
 So he was a bit skeptical that some of the stuff might not have happened.
 A miracle of the sandwich in the slide.
 Exactly.
 It was tuner at the top and there was builte at the bottom.
 Oh.
 She had stepped down, I would say.
 And he glued it back together and he liked it so much.
 His new upgraded version that he glued all the pages together
 and he sent them to be bound properly.
 And in fact, I believe it still exists somewhere in America.
 It's the Smithsonian.
 Is it the Smithsonian?
 Yeah.
 Of course it is.
 They've got a lot of Jefferson stuff.
 They've got his Bible.
 So you can visit it.
 I'm not sure you can flick through it, but I believe you can see it.
 You definitely won't be able to flick through it.
 Yeah, but it's very unusual.
 There are six volumes that might be opened at the Smithsonian pages.
 His desk that he wrote the Declaration of Independence on.
 They have that.
 And a polygraph, which I've always thought to be a lie detector.
 But it's...
 I would have thought that too.
 Well, it is, right?
 But originally what it was was a way of whenever he wrote letters,
 because he wrote thousands and thousands of letters.
 And he always wanted a copy of each letter.
 Because if they made it into the papers, he could show the original.
 So it was a machine that was designed that would have a double pencil
 with a double ink.
 Well, and it would mimic his writing.
 So he wrote two letters at a time, but the same letter.
 Yeah, amazing.
 And makes actually more sense.
 Because polygraph, it means lots of writing.
 So it's actually a better term for that machine.
 Yeah.
 His Bible, he didn't mean it to be published.
 Because it was just a private sort of passion project of his.
 He showed it to a few friends. But then after he died, it became very popular.
 And lots of copies were made of it, it was printed.
 And it was called "The Life of Morals of Jesus of Nazareth".
 That was his title for it.
 That was his name.
 Yeah, he retited it as well.
 Because the Bible wasn't good enough.
 Yeah.
 He was a kind of a Jesus fan, as opposed to a religion fan in some ways.
 And then 9,000 copies were printed.
 And until the 1950s, when they ran out,
 each newly elected senator got a version of it.
 When they were elected.
 Oh, good day.
 Yeah.
 Do you know how it ends the book?
 Uh, his book, I don't know, damn.
 It ends, I believe.
 Now in the place where he was crucified, there was a garden.
 And in the garden, a new sepulchre.
 Wherein was never manned yet laid.
 There they laid Jesus and rolled a great stone to the door of the sepulchre and departed.
 That's it.
 No resurrection.
 No resurrection.
 Oh.
 He just dies.
 Poor Jesus.
 Isn't that amazing?
 And that's like the main bit of, that's when I was told it's good.
 Yeah.
 That's like the main bit.
 Yeah.
 That's like the somber art house reinterpretation, realism bullshit.
 Yeah.
 He was an amazing guy though, Jefferson.
 He's quite a confusing person, isn't he?
 Because he has this bizarre legacy where he came up with the idea that all man is created equal
 and then he had 600 slaves and everything.
 And actually, even the Monticello, which is the place that he built his home.
 Even the Monticello website now acknowledges that Sally Hawkins mothered about six of his children at least.
 Who was an enslaved person?
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 Who bizarrely was the daughter of a woman who mothered children of his father-in-law.
 So they kept it in the family.
 So his wife's dad had lots of affairs with Sally Hawkins mum.
 Wow.
 Sorry.
 It's not Sally Hawkins.
 That's a famous actress.
 Did I say Sally Hemings?
 Sally Hawkins is of course in Paddington, the shape of water.
 She was great.
 She was also in the mother of a lot of Jefferson's children.
 Wow.
 God, she's versatile.
 I know.
 So he was a third president, right?
 After Washington and then, he was at John Adams.
 Yep.
 And he, you know, he did a lot of, he had a lot of remarkable achievements in office.
 As we said, after the Declaration of Independence, he's also responsible for a phrase
 that was a massive hit in the 19th century in America.
 Oh, I tell you this.
 Yeah.
 So he bumped into a man near his home.
 This is the story.
 No one knows if it's true or not.
 But this guy started complaining.
 They were riding the horses next to each other, some neighbor of his.
 And the guy was complaining about everything in Washington and all these ideas they had running things.
 So he talked for a couple of hours.
 He talked Jefferson's ear off about all this.
 And then eventually, they got to Jefferson's house and Jefferson said, "Well, this is me."
 Is that the phrase?
 No.
 That would have been a great phrase.
 This is me.
 So the guy eventually asked pretty much the first question he'd asked this whole time.
 And he said, "What's your name, by the way?"
 And the guy said, "Well, my name is Thomas Jefferson."
 A massive social clang of this guy's made.
 He was deeply embarrassed.
 And so he couldn't think of everything to say.
 And he just said, "My name is Haynes."
 And then he galloped away on his horse.
 So this became a phrase, "My name is Haynes," which is whenever you had to leave suddenly,
 or whenever you were massively embarrassed about something.
 Well, it was basically the 19th century.
 Boy was my face red.
 That's great.
 I'll get my coats, kind of think.
 Yes, it is like that.
 Wow.
 And what was it?
 My name is Haynes.
 My name is Haynes.
 My name is Haynes.
 Let's start doing it.
 And just very quickly on typos in the Bible, there are some absolute doosies.
 So there's one in the 1682.
 There's a 1682 edition, which gets called the Cannibal's Bible.
 Because there's a typo, it should be, if the latter husband hates her,
 and they mistyped it, so it's if the latter husband ate her.
 I'm talking about his wife.
 And there's a great one, the 1944 King James, which has a line, which should be,
 "Submit yourselves to your own husbands."
 It's advice for wives, basically.
 But accidentally reads, "Submit yourselves to your owl husbands."
 Yeah.
 It's good advice.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three, and that is Andy.
 My fact is that in 19th century America, caviar was a free bar snack.
 Yeah.
 Actually, I hate caviar.
 Do you?
 Oh, well.
 I don't like things that are savory that have the kind of texture that I think sweet things should have.
 That's understandable.
 Well, I know where and when you should not go on holiday.
 In 19th century America, because you couldn't move for it, it was so readily available.
 Because there was huge sturgeon fish, the fish that caviar comes from, or classic caviar anyway.
 And they were just so thick in the rivers that people put it in bars, basically like peanuts, to make people thirsty.
 Oh, yeah.
 That's the way of getting people, because it was very salty stuff, so there was a way of getting people thirsty.
 Well, yeah, because it used to be used like salt as well, didn't it?
 You'd sprinkle it on a meal just to add a little bit of salty flavour.
 Yeah.
 How did they use to eat it?
 Because from what I've read, the best place, and the sort of most encouraged place to eat it from,
 is the little bit of skin between your index finger and your thumb, so you place it on there.
 Oh, that's the, what's that called, the Snuff Box?
 Snuff Box, yeah.
 It's called the Natural Snuff Box or something.
 They say it's because they don't taint the taste by doing that.
 So if you use a metal spoon, for example, that has a metal-y taste that can affect the caviar.
 That sounds just like the kind of thing that high society makes up the weird way to eat the high society food, isn't it?
 But I think it was a bar snack that surely should be on a cocktail stick.
 And you could get one little egg at first.
 I would think it would just be in a bowl like peanuts with like 12 different types of urine.
 I think it's like that.
 Exactly.
 People don't wash their hands from the back of the toilet.
 It's very spiritual to get on your fingers.
 Yeah.
 You can just do it straight with the fingers.
 Yeah, probably not.
 I mean, you need to have a finger bowl next to it.
 Yeah.
 Let's say in Russia you have it on Blini, so maybe they had little bits of bread.
 That's perfect.
 That's like a little micro plate for each bit of caviar.
 That's a very nice way of eating, I think.
 But this is the thing.
 So US caviar was so common, but Russian caviar was thought to be a lot better.
 So quite often, US caviar was exported to Europe and then it was repackaged and relabelled as Russian caviar.
 And it was exported back to the States and sold as Russian caviar as better stuff, even like what?
 Exactly the same.
 Am I using it?
 Yeah.
 And basically what happened was the caviar in America was extremely numerous, like you say,
 because of Sturgeon were numerous, but then they overfished them.
 And then that meant there was no caviar left in America anymore, which meant you had to get it from Russia,
 which made it much more expensive.
 Exactly.
 Yeah, yeah, exactly.
 Yeah.
 Because in Russia before then, before the Western demand increased in Russia, it was sort of peasant food as well.
 It wasn't there.
 It was considered much more peasant foodie than sauerkraut, for instance, which is more of a delicacy.
 And they used it just as a flavouring.
 And it was only when there's currently a Greek guy called Johannes Varvakis, who discovered Russian caviar on his travels.
 So this is delicious.
 I'm going to introduce it to High Society in Europe.
 And then that was what shot its prices up.
 He made it fashionable, kind of just shows that food, how much you value it, is just about how fashionable someone says it is.
 Yeah.
 Apparently, if you were to take, let's say, a 45 kilogram barrel of caviar.
 I'm not putting us up my Boston days.
 No, not after last time.
 But if you would take this massive barrel of caviar, which is kind of how they transport it,
 it would take a farm labourer two weeks to earn it back in the olden days in Russia.
 And now it would take a decade for them to earn it.
 Wow.
 Jesus.
 That is amazing.
 Big difference.
 I guess so much of it is because it's sturgeon.
 I mean, you get salmon caviar and you get lump-fish caviar.
 And there are all sorts of other much, much cheaper meals, which are just fish eggs, basically, of different kinds.
 But sturgeon has this kind of, you know, supposed hallmark of quality about it.
 It's pretty similar.
 So, okay, here's a question.
 Is caviar vegetarian?
 Because it is eggs.
 Not vegan.
 For sure.
 Not vegan.
 I'd say no, because you have to kill the sturgeon in order to get it.
 Fair play.
 However, there is some, I think, vegetarian caviar out there, where they don't kill the sturgeon.
 Oh, yeah.
 They make a tiny incision, and then they massage the sturgeon to get it out of them.
 Oh, that's nice.
 That's quite a rough massage.
 I'm a rich, good builder.
 This is a company in Leeds.
 And then you just squeeze the sturgeon like a toothpaste, too, basically, and all the caviar comes out of it.
 But...
 And then you put it back in the water?
 Yeah, it survives.
 You keep them.
 Yeah, I was reading about this, actually.
 Yeah.
 You can repeat the process every 15 months.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I read that there was a scientist called Angela Coller.
 She spent nine years trying to work out how you didn't...
 You wouldn't have to kill the sturgeon in order to extract the eggs.
 And I believe it was her who pioneered it.
 It could be wrong.
 Maybe multiple people around the world had the same idea.
 But the process isn't just doing what you said with the incision.
 They give the sturgeons an ultrasound to see if they're ready.
 And then they have a protein administered, which you're talking about, which releases the eggs.
 And then they massage them out like a toothpaste tuna.
 Yeah.
 That's really funny.
 An ultrasound for a fish.
 Yeah.
 You're going to have 100,000 babies.
 Congratulations.
 I think they have to give them ultrasound anyway, because there's no way of telling if they're male or female.
 So you need to make sure that you've got a female fish.
 I think so from the outside.
 So you have to check their innards anyway.
 Check your own hands.
 That's incredible.
 One way that you might get some eggs without killing the sturgeon is sometimes producers will take some of the eggs out to check if they're ready or not.
 Because you don't want to kill your sturgeon, get all the eggs out, and it's not at the right stage.
 And so some fisheries will take a female sturgeon, put a incision in her, put a straw in her,
 and then suck out some of the eggs to taste them to see if they taste right.
 And then if they're right, then they'll kill the sturgeon and get the eggs.
 And if they're wrong, then they'll just let her go for a while.
 That must be something someone's doing in a posh ration restaurant.
 It's just serving up live sturgeon.
 Jamming its straw.
 I'll just screw it.
 Yes, but we only have paper straws in our food.
 So it's good for the environment.
 And then if it's not ready yet, do you just sew it back up?
 Yeah, yeah.
 And then that is insane.
 Isn't it true?
 They have a bit of a rough old ride sturgeon, because it's not just caviar.
 We also use them for beer.
 Don't we? Traditionally, they were the original icing glass providers.
 So that's the swim bladder.
 And that's what they used to kind of purify beer.
 It was used in things like Guinness until a couple of years ago.
 I think they got rid of it.
 It's to clarify alcoholic drinks.
 Sorry, I don't fully understand it.
 You get the swim bladder, and it's just used in the wine making or the beer making process
 to get rid of a lot of the sediment.
 I think it's kind of used like a sieve.
 And so that's why a lot of beers aren't vegetarian or vegetarian.
 A lot of vegans kind of have wine come, though, because of that reason.
 Sturgeon are amazing, amazing, amazing fish.
 They can weigh up to 1,500 kilos.
 Okay, like that's a lot.
 I work in stone.
 There's a lot of stone.
 It is.
 No, they are massive.
 They are up to 28 feet long, which I find.
 Sorry.
 I mean, that's, yeah, 28 feet long.
 Right.
 The surgeon.
 Thank you.
 Those are the very, very biggest ever found with that.
 Yeah.
 They've been around that.
 Okay.
 That's the biggest surgeon.
 So it's, I think the beluga surgeon is the second biggest kind of bony fish.
 And yeah, it's just length of four men.
 That is extraordinary.
 Yeah.
 I see.
 And they take a long time to, this is one of the reasons why caviar is so valuable
 is that they take so long to reach maturity, right?
 The biggest one sometimes there is not until about 20 that they're producing enough caviar.
 Wow.
 You have to wait forever.
 So as well as eating fish eggs, you can eat fish sperm.
 There's something called Shirako.
 That's probably not how you pronounce it in Japan.
 It translates as white children.
 And it's the raw or cooked sperm of the codfish.
 And in Russia, they eat the sperm of herrings, because they like herrings in Russia.
 They don't, they preserve it, but not only do they eat it on their own sometimes,
 they will eat it with the row of herrings as well.
 So they eat the eggs of the herring and the sperm of the herring in the same meal.
 It's the same meal.
 I think that's a little unkind, isn't it?
 Why?
 To whom?
 To the sperm and the eggs, because they belong together.
 They should be...
 Well, you're marrying them.
 Then you eat one of each and then a herring grows in your stomach.
 It's not like if you eat an apple seed, then an apple tree will grow out of your mouth.
 Oh man, we've got a lot of stuff to fill you up.
 I do feel like if I eat the sperm on the eggs of a herring,
 I would genuinely worry about that.
 Right, yeah.
 You'd worry.
 A little bit.
 The sperm is called Malokka, which I thought was Russian for milk.
 And you're wrong, you're wrong, you're wrong, you're wrong, you're wrong.
 And you're wrong, you're wrong, you're wrong, you're wrong, you're wrong.
 And you came back with a pint the other day.
 I hope you enjoyed your tea.
 You get ant caviar too.
 That's a thing.
 What's that?
 It's not pupae and larvae, you know, so it's not eggs really,
 but it's from a particular Mexican ant,
 which is known locally as La Hormiga Pedora.
 You say that as if there's only one ant.
 Incredibly.
 It's incredibly expensive stuff.
 I can't shop.
 He cooks it as well as producing it.
 So it's a real treat if you're in town.
 No La Hormiga Pedora is the farty ant,
 because they're next to smell like farts.
 But the eggs are a delicacy or the larvae, you know.
 You do get snail caviar, don't you?
 Which is quite like fish caviar,
 apart from it tastes a bit more like snails.
 Have you tried it?
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 You got cowboy caviar?
 Is that made of the eggs of cowboys?
 No, it's slang.
 It's bulls' testicles that are fried.
 So they're also known as rocky mountain oysters.
 Have you?
 But they also, they would have those as bar snacks,
 wouldn't they?
 In the olden days,
 you would have testicles as bar snacks.
 What?
 They eat them a lot somewhere.
 I think it might be in Mexico.
 It's still a commonity.
 It's a thing somewhere in South America.
 It was a Montana testicle festival that I read about them in.
 So maybe Montana as well.
 It makes sense.
 You're going to eat them anywhere.
 It's going to be there.
 Confusingly, it's also from what I can tell online,
 cowboy caviar is a salad,
 which is just a lot of salad bits thrown together.
 So there's no sense to it.
 Wow.
 So be careful when ordering.
 If you're a vegetarian in Montana.
 Yeah.
 What else happens at a testicle festival?
 I think it's a lot of eating of testicles competitively.
 Testicle festival is a very nice phrase to say.
 It is.
 It is.
 It's very nice.
 Shave waxing of testicles probably.
 Yeah.
 I'd have there waxing competitions.
 There's the big bowl contest that I've got here,
 which is men in wet underwear.
 So I guess.
 No.
 That's what it says here.
 I wonder if you could call it the festival.
 Yes, you could.
 All the testicle.
 No, neither of this good is as good as testicle festival.
 No.
 Anyway, they branded it right.
 They branded it right.
 Well done, guys.
 There's another caviar.
 There's a caviar sort of replacement you can have,
 which is very much like the real Russian thing.
 And this is a replacement for a Russian Sevruga caviar.
 And this is a kind of caviar that you can get from paddlefish.
 And basically, where most paddlefish are,
 is a place called Warsaw in Missouri.
 And so apparently it's so good this stuff.
 And all the Russians in Missouri think that this is just like
 their Sevruga caviar back home.
 And so there's this huge black market caviar fishing problem there.
 And it was really good.
 It was this was on Longweed.com, I think.
 A really good Longweed about it.
 And it was about police descending on this place.
 And it's population doubles in the paddlefish fishing season,
 which is just a couple of weeks long,
 because people flock there to try and get these fish
 and get the caviar out of it.
 And they thought we know there are all these Russian people
 who are coming and they're illegally poaching these fish
 and then they're going, obviously, selling them.
 They're getting so many.
 And gradually, as you're reading this our school,
 you realize the police have this massive problem,
 because even though they know these fish are disappearing,
 they know they're illegally taking them.
 They can't track down any kind of black market.
 They can't trace any money.
 And it turns out when actually they start arresting people
 and when they go undercover, then no one's selling it at all.
 It's just all these Russians are picking it.
 They're just eating it.
 They've just got these big Russian families.
 So they'll get tens of thousands of pounds worth of caviar
 or some of them will have about 1,000 pounds worth
 of just the fish themselves.
 And they're like, no, why would I sell this?
 We're going to sell this.
 They just take it back to their big families
 and they eat it all.
 And so there's nothing really that they can do.
 They just get taken to the police station and told,
 please don't take that fish again.
 And then send home.
 Yeah, they're just liking it.
 They like it in Russia.
 I can say that much.
 I think it's delicious.
 I was reading about a sniffer cat called Russick.
 Sniffer cat.
 Sniffer cat.
 Are they just praces?
 This entire long read.
 It looks like a good district in America.
 Look at Sniffer cat.
 Which looks like a bit of research.
 I've never seen an elephant research
 from an hour ago.
 This is in Russia.
 There was a lot of smuggling
 or was a lot of smuggling in the Caspian Sea.
 So they would come to a checkpoint
 and people would try and get it through on their cars.
 And they found that that was a big problem.
 But they had this cat that they had adopted
 that was, I believe, a stray who loved eating chunks of sturgeon
 and caviar and so on.
 That was being confiscated from the criminals.
 As a result, developed in a really strong nose
 for Sniffer now, whenever there was sturgeon in the area.
 So what they stopped, what they started doing was
 every time a car came up, the cat would be sent to go
 and, you know, maybe they walked on the leash.
 I didn't actually get that detail.
 And Russik would have a smell and smell out all of these bits
 of sturgeon and caviar.
 And so good was he at doing it
 that they actually retired the Sniffer dog that they had.
 Oh, that has got to hurt.
 Yeah, Sniffer dog and you lose your job to a cat.
 Yeah, first I lost my job to the elephant in that airport
 and now the rest.
 But yeah, so, unfortunately, he died in 2013
 when a vehicle that he was searching
 suddenly jerked forward.
 Convenience.
 I can't believe they didn't do that sooner.
 I can't believe no smuggler thought
 of doing that straight away.
 So, they've got the cat smelling the cars.
 Are they stationing it on the pavement
 and cars whizz pass?
 And the cat said like, "Rewr."
 And then you know, just stop at that.
 It's not like a speed gun.
 This is surely at a checkpoint.
 It's a checkpoint.
 You have to stop at checkpoint.
 Hold the gun to the cat and pointing at cars as they go past.
 You pull its tail when you want it to snow something.
 For sure they want you to stop to car
 and you've opened the doors.
 Isn't it as easy for you?
 We've just covered our big sturgeoner.
 I would say I could find sturgeon as easily
 and quickly over a cat.
 You're right, they're massive.
 They're really big.
 They were sat in the sort of passenger seat
 with a hat and a fake mask.
 Who's my friend Bob?
 What do you say, Kitty?
 That's a sturgeon.
 Thank God for Rosset or whatever he's called.
 Otherwise I would have believed in Bob.
 And it stinks.
 I mean, if there's a car full of fish,
 I'm going to smell it.
 I need a magic cat.
 But maybe his gift was in telling people about it.
 Oh yeah.
 Like most cats, if they smell, they're not going to tell you.
 They're not going to throw someone up.
 I've not ridden down the most interesting bit of the story.
 It was a talking cat.
 I'm so sorry.
 I missed out the best detail.
 OK, it's time for our final fact of the show.
 And that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that wrestling star Andre the Giant
 was so massive that once when he drunkenly passed out
 in a hotel lobby, staff couldn't move him
 and had to corner him off with velvet ropes
 until he woke up.
 So amazing.
 This is, yeah, this is from an anecdote
 that comes from a book called "As You Wish"
 "Inconceivable Tales from the Making of the Princess Bride"
 by Carrie Elwes, who was the lead actor in it.
 He was also in Robin Hood men and types.
 And the whole book is just anecdotes about the time
 that they were making the movie.
 And that's what came out.
 The fact that he used to have all these drunken exescapades,
 one of which meant he passed down.
 And Andre the Giant was in that movie as well, right?
 He played "Fesick, the Giant."
 Yeah.
 You're a really typecast, wasn't he?
 Yeah.
 He wasn't going to play "Fesick, the Giant."
 And he was a wrestler, Andre the Giant.
 He was a wrestler before he was a film star, really.
 Absolutely.
 I mean, that's his big career thing, really.
 Well, before that, he was a rugby player
 and before that, he was in a furniture removal business.
 And before that, he was a child.
 Before that, he was a tiny egg.
 A professional egg.
 But to the WWF, now the WWE, he is one of the great wrestling stars
 of all time.
 He was in the period of Hulk Hogan and Macho Man
 and ultimately Warrior, that sort of very classic era
 when they started.
 I just don't get wrestling.
 What?
 It doesn't make any sense to me.
 We've covered it before on this podcast
 and I find it impossible to research.
 Because everything you read about it, you were like,
 is this real?
 Did this really happen?
 The confusion of real sport and fake acting is bewildering.
 Like there's this fight between him and Hulk Hogan,
 which was this really famous fight.
 And apparently it was super controversial.
 It was in 1988 and there was a famous referee called Dave Hebner
 who was refereed wrestling matches.
 And he happened to have an identical twin.
 Oh, yes.
 Who they tracked down for this match.
 And yeah, the referee had an identical twin.
 He didn't really, I think.
 No, he did really.
 I've seen the actual pictures.
 Either he did, or there's some amazing Photoshop in going on.
 But he had this identical twin.
 And so, right, Andre the Giant's agent got Dave,
 who was supposed to referee the match, locked him in a cupboard,
 and then bribed Earl, his identical twin,
 to referee the game instead.
 And he did.
 And then he made Andre the Giant one.
 And then Dave broke out of his closet.
 And then him and his identical twin brother had a big fight afterwards
 in front of the coach.
 This is the weirdest conversation.
 I really want to hear Adam do the Coventry of WWF.
 I don't understand any of this.
 Is that real?
 Oh my god.
 But the story lies.
 The story lies.
 You go to the theatre all the time.
 Are you standing up?
 What the fuck is going on here?
 No, no, no.
 Because in the right-ups of the theatre,
 it doesn't say,
 and there was an incredibly controversial moment
 when Hamlet's mother remarried Hamlet's uncle
 and the audience, you're like,
 "Okay, this is a story.
 There was in the Wikipedia page that this is not here."
 Was it controversial?
 Was it all made up?
 It's all made up.
 It's all made up.
 It's all made up.
 Then why is it controversial?
 It's controversial in the world of wrestling.
 Which is a fake world.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 Now you're getting it.
 No, it is weird how it's presented as true.
 Normally, if it plays, there is a synopsis.
 Normally when you go out of the play,
 the thing doesn't keep happening else.
 No, but...
 I just think it's amazing that we found
 the edge of Anna's comfort zone.
 Yeah.
 I never thought we'd get there.
 Who would know as pro wrestling is fake?
 It just makes me have a panic attack when I read about it.
 But it's a drama, like he's standards.
 It goes on and on.
 Of course it's happening.
 Don't smash out into the news at 10.
 And suddenly, they're rolling in.
 What about the guy from Holyoke's was fighting the guy
 from Emma Dale last week?
 What?
 I missed that.
 Yeah, one of them got fired in real life, I think.
 Yeah.
 Although this is all making me wonder about everything.
 Anyway, hang on.
 So there was a real life fight between a character.
 Someone in...
 Someone in Emadale and someone in Holyoke's.
 Was it Holyoke's?
 Yes, it was Holyoke's.
 Yes.
 They got in a big fight.
 Oh, physical fight.
 Yeah.
 I thought you meant that someone from Holyoke's turned up in Emadale.
 Like a character sort of made his way through the membrane
 and he ended up...
 Because I definitely watched that as well.
 Like a weird portal opens between the world.
 It's like the treatment show or something.
 Yeah.
 One of them pint glasses from the old fix.
 Snashes through into coronation street.
 Look, we get back to Andre the giant.
 Sorry, I'll take the giant.
 Oh, what's here, giant?
 So no.
 It was actually three children in a massive overcome.
 So when he was drinking according to Carrie Ellers,
 when he was drinking in New York once, the NYPD had to send an undercover cop
 to follow him around the bars because if he got too drunk,
 there was once time where he fell over and crushed a human underneath
 and they didn't want that to happen again.
 Yeah.
 Not to death.
 No, no, no, no.
 I think he was stuck.
 You know, that's seven foot two of massive body on him.
 He got so tall because he had acromegaly.
 That was the cause of his giant size.
 His parents did not recognise him.
 So he left home at 14.
 He came back at 19 and they said, "Who are you?"
 And they'd even seen him wrestling on TV without recognising who he was.
 But yeah, they didn't realise him took quite late, right?
 So he wasn't sort of amazingly huge.
 It was normal until he was 15.
 Normal size until he was 15, yeah.
 And we keep saying he gets drunk.
 But to give him credit, I don't think he really did get drunk very often.
 He basically held his drink incredibly well
 and he drank extraordinary amounts.
 He'd drink over 100 beers in a night and be fine.
 Or I think someone was once asked how much can he drink before he's drunk
 and someone said he starts to feel it after the first bottle of vodka or something.
 He used to order a drink, which was a concoction that consisted of 40 ounces of just random liquids,
 which he called the American.
 He just had it poured into a pitcher.
 And I'm glad he didn't have a cocktail bar because that is the most disgusting sounding drink.
 To the random liquids on the menu.
 Well, that's Kerry Elves, again, this is from him.
 And he says it, "I've never tasted aeroplane fuel, but imagine it's very garlic."
 It's like a top shelf you would have.
 Like, let's say it was your 21st birthday and your friends,
 what did you get drunk?
 They'd buy you a top shelf,
 which is basically one of every shot in a glass.
 Oh.
 Your friends would have done the same thing, I'm sure.
 Well, yeah, we would have done, but we didn't finish our croquet in time,
 so we all had to go home.
 When Andre the Giant was in Paris one day,
 he realized that the cars there were quite small
 and he could just move them around if he wanted to because he was so strong.
 And so he would get his friends, because in America, they're much bigger, right?
 So he would get his friends cars and then move them into tiny little spaces where they couldn't go.
 Got to make parking easier.
 If you could just get out of the car and lift it into the space.
 That's such a good idea.
 You could hardly get into cars.
 He was so huge.
 There's photos of him getting in and out of a car.
 And he basically had to go in on all fours
 and be the entire backseat was him.
 You know?
 Yeah, he once got into a taxi and they couldn't close the door.
 Wow.
 I think we've done it on the podcast before,
 but when he was a kid, because he couldn't get the bus, the normal bus,
 he used to be driven to school by Samuel Beckett.
 Samuel Beckett.
 But that's not true.
 Is that not true?
 That was actually another thing that Elle was claimed.
 But it wasn't quite true.
 So he grew up in the same French town weirdly as Samuel Beckett moved to in Malia.
 And apparently Beckett was kind of a friendly guy and used to drive the kids to school.
 Okay.
 And in a way, there was okay back then.
 And he sometimes he would hit to ride with them, but he could fit on the bus.
 Because how small would a bus have to be if, you know?
 No, he had a pickup truck.
 And the kids would sit on the back of the truck.
 So it was true that he used to be a lift.
 Yes, he did.
 It just wasn't because he couldn't fit on the bus.
 Right.
 Yeah, got it.
 He was a really nice guy, though, wasn't he?
 Everyone said, he was very much a gentle giant, everyone called him.
 And someone said he didn't like cursing people, which now I understand that resting isn't really
 about really hurting people does make sense.
 But he was friends with Arnold Schwarzenegger and Arnold Schwarzenegger in this PBS documentary
 that you should watch if you're really interested in Andre the Giant.
 But Arnold Schwarzenegger said that he was a restaurant within once.
 And Andre used to always insist on paying for anyone's dinner or anyone's drinks when he went out with them.
 And so Arnold knew this and he tried to sort of sneakily pay.
 And Andre lifted him up off his chair and put him on top of a cupboard.
 That's brilliant.
 Oh, it's bizarrely.
 And it's weird saying Arnold Schwarzenegger say this word.
 It's an arm-war.
 So he says, "And Andre just lifted me up and he put me onto the arm-war."
 Wow.
 I thought I'd see Arnold Schwarzenegger use the word arm-war.
 He was meant to play physics.
 He was meant to play the role in Princess Royce.
 Yeah.
 He was the original casting choice.
 A lot of different films.
 Yeah.
 And he didn't because it took so long to make, didn't it?
 It took about a decade to make.
 And by then, Arnold Schwarzenegger was too famous.
 It took a decade to get into production, I think.
 And by then, Arnold Schwarzenegger had a real career.
 Gosh.
 Wow.
 I've got some facts about alcohol tolerance.
 But I don't know if you got more on Andre the Giant.
 I just said he kept a small farm and he would walk around and play with the animals
 because they didn't stare at him for his size.
 I think that's bullshit as well, but worth saying.
 No, I think he definitely likes not being stared at.
 It's kind of a tragic life he had because he was obviously lovely
 and knew his career depended on being huge.
 But at the same time, he said the Princess Bride was the happiest he'd ever been
 filming that because for the first time ever, people didn't stare at him
 because I guess he was just an actor on set and then you were to expect.
 He loved it.
 And in fact, there's a really nice interview with one of his friends called Lanny
 who said that after he'd filmed the Princess Bride, Andre invited him out to his house
 and gave him a bunch of alcohol and said, "Hey, Jonah, come into my drawing room.
 I'll show you something."
 And made him watch the film.
 And then he kept inviting him around and kept making him watch.
 And he did it with all his friends because he loved.
 He was so proud of it.
 And he said, "You know, did you think I was good in it?
 Do you think I was right in the Princess Bride?"
 And they'd all be like, "Yeah, you were really great in that, don't worry."
 Have you guys all seen this movie?
 Yeah.
 Because I actually don't even know what it's about.
 Oh, okay.
 Is it a, is it a...
 It's a fan to see, yeah.
 But a very funny one.
 Yeah.
 It is an amazing film, if anyone listening hasn't.
 Yeah, it's a classic.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, it's very good.
 I also did a bit of reading about just other people who drank a lot.
 Okay.
 So all of a read.
 Oh, yeah.
 The great hellraisers of the 20th Century.
 I didn't know this.
 He would frequently expose his penis when drunk, standard practice, I guess.
 But he got a tattoo of an eagle's claw on his penis.
 Oh.
 I know.
 Well, it was just a tattoo of one.
 It wasn't an actual claw.
 Yeah, but do you think people got confused and thought, "An eagle had landed on his jaw?"
 Well, he then lays, we've got an eagle's head tattooed on his shoulder.
 And he would show fellow drinkers his shoulder tattoo.
 And then he'd say, "Would you like to see where it's perched and make it this cock out?"
 Wow.
 I know.
 That's quite a labour-intensive practical joke.
 Yeah, really?
 So he died on the set of Gladiator.
 You know, they had to sort of reconstitute his role for the final film.
 But when he died, he'd had 12 double rums, lots of whiskey and an arm wrestle.
 Which of those killed him?
 I think it was the previous 60-odd years that killed him.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Well, yeah.
 Just another film giant is Richard Kiel.
 And he's the guy who played Jaws in...
 Oh, Jaws.
 In Jaws.
 He was amazing.
 I really believe it.
 He's actually a sturgeon.
 So famous fish, Richard Kiel.
 No, he played Jaws in the Bond films.
 But he had lots of jobs before he became an actor.
 So he was...
 First of all, he was a cemetery plot salesman.
 I just like the...
 So he was seven foot two, whatever, seven foot three.
 Imagine someone selling you a cemetery plot who's a giant.
 And then he was a door-to-door vacuum cleaner salesman.
 Wow.
 You know how, if you're...
 If you bury someone, they're six feet under.
 Hmm.
 He could stand at the bottom of that plot and still talk to you.
 He could be able to see his face.
 Wow.
 A miles to see a vacuum cleaner salesman.
 A vacuum cleaner salesman.
 And then he married a woman called Diane, who was five foot one.
 And she did an interview and they said...
 Yeah, also, sorry.
 He's got lovely needs.
 Interestingly, the opposite.
 They said, "Why did you marry him?"
 And she said, "We just see eye to eye on most things."
 Oh, sweet.
 Sorry, sweet.
 Any more for any more?
 I'm done.
 I'm out.
 I mean, I'll just tell you.
 Go on, tell us.
 Well, it's just another hell-raise effect.
 It's not really relevant.
 But a Petro tool?
 Yeah.
 A big old drinker.
 When he was filming Lawrence of Arabia, he found and bought a precious pair of Greek earrings,
 but he had to get them through customs.
 So he smuggled them through in his foreskin.
 Oh, wow.
 No.
 What did he expect that?
 I told you it wasn't relevant.
 They're going...
 Are you sure, jumbo?
 Are you sure it's that?
 We better get the cat as well.
 A second of it, you know.
 She's an elephant.
 He's a cat.
 Together, they might cry.
 Okay, that is it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we've said over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland.
 Andy.
 At Andrew Hunter M.
 James.
 At James Harkin.
 You can email podcasts at qi.com.
 Yeah, or you can go to our group account at no such thing, or you can go to our website.
 No such thing as a fish.com.
 We have everything up there from upcoming tour dates to links to all of our previous episodes.
 We even have a behind-the-scenes documentary called Behind the Gills.
 Check that out as well.
 It's us on tour.
 It's really fun.
 Okay, that is it.
 That is all of our facts.
 We'll see you again next week.
 Goodbye.
 [Music]
 (upbeat music)
