 [Music]
 Hi everyone, James here. Welcome to your second ever bit of bonus material for members of Club Fish.
 And that is a compilation of some outtakes from the last month.
 Now, a bit of behind the scenes stuff. When we record fish in the office, we tend to record for about an hour and a half, sometimes a little bit more.
 And what you get is only an hour. That's because we cut it right down to try and make it as fun as possible.
 But what that means is sometimes we lose some really, really good materials. Some stuff that we really liked, some facts that we really liked, some silly jokes that we really liked.
 There was just no space for them. And now we have a space for more stuff.
 So instead of putting compilations out every now and then, when we're on holiday or over Christmas, we're going to put them out regularly on this channel.
 Really hope you enjoy this. Anyway, these things are always great fun to make and really good fun for me to listen back to all those bits that we cut out.
 Don't forget, this is stuff that you would not have heard if you hadn't signed up for Club Fish. So thank you so much for doing that.
 We really do appreciate you supporting Fish. And here we go on with the outtakes.
 They've done DNA mapping on Richard the Third's body. I don't think we've mentioned this. We talked ages ago about when Richard the Third's body was dug up.
 Episode one. Cast your minds back. You don't remember it, but later, then shame on you.
 So they've DNA mapped it. I think it's mainly someone called Professor Turi King, who's gone through doing this DNA mapping.
 And she talks a lot about how, you know, when someone like Josh Whitcombe goes on, "Who do you think you are?" and says, "Oh, I'm descended from Edward the First."
 Turi King will pipe up and say, "Literally everyone is." Or like, "Six million people are."
 They always cut that scene out at the end when he's crying, Turi comes on. Mate, big deal.
 Anyway, they've done the DNA mapping, taking Richard's body and then comparing it to the people who should be descended from him today.
 And the Royal Family also should be descended from him because I think they shared an uncle, the Royal Family, today.
 And there is no relation. So we know for sure that in the 19 links in the chain of Royal Families from Richard the Third down to the Royal Family today,
 someone was illegitimate.
 Oh, cool. Gotts, what great gotts. Good gotts, isn't it?
 George the Third.
 That's really exciting though.
 Yeah, scandalous.
 Who do you think you aren't?
 Who do you think is your aunt?
 Well, she's your mum, actually. And the milkman's your dad.
 My phone presents that photo, James, of you and me with a koala, more often than any other emotionally significant photo of my life.
 Pretty much every other day my phone says to me, "Remember this?"
 That was a great moment. Yeah, it was. It was amazing.
 The Haudenosaunee people up in New York and in Canada, they have some really cool legends.
 A lot of their legends are really rooted in La Crosse because it was such an important thing.
 But La Crosse was how bats were invented, again, according to their legend.
 The animal.
 The animal, yes.
 Really?
 Yeah. So this was this old legend, again legend, which is that there was a game between the birds and the four-legged animals.
 And so the birds had a wise old owl, the animals had a bear, and a mouse and a squirrel ran up to the four-legged animals and went,
 "Well, where are we playing? What position are we in that high-pitched voice?"
 And the four-legged animal said, "Well, you're way too small and crap. Go away. You're not playing."
 So they went up to the birds' team and they said, "Well, can we play for you?"
 And the birds were like, "What are we going to do?"
 And so they made them some wings. They made one of them wings out of leather and it turned into a bat.
 Oh, I thought you were going to say that they had sex with the mouse and then the offspring had wings.
 That would have been slightly more viable, almost.
 Not really.
 In the last year, New Yorkers made 311 complaints about other people having sex.
 It's almost all volume-related.
 Alright, it's not, "Why am I not having sex?"
 Well, there may be a subtext in these emails, I don't know.
 They're hogging all the sex!
 Some of them were seasonal, so there was an email from a Manhattan complainant which noted that, and I'm quoting here,
 "Some guy is singing jingle balls at the top of his voice."
 While having sex?
 Apparently so.
 Brilliant.
 [Laughter]
 How did they know that he was having sex?
 Because his wife was called "One Horse Open Slay."
 [Laughter]
 It'd be so nice if everyone in the next department is all together at the same time.
 Hey!
 [Laughter]
 The Haas Avocado was invented by a guy called Rudolph Haas, who must have found it hard to get through customs.
 [Laughter]
 That's incredible.
 He wanted to make some new avocados because he'd seen a magazine with a picture of an avocado tree on it
 and dollar bills were the avocado would be.
 And it was like an advert saying, "You can make money from avocados."
 And so he started getting loads of avocado seeds from loads of different places and planting them and seeing which good ones would come.
 And then he found these Haas ones and they were amazing, like, you know, incredible.
 But he couldn't remember where he got the seed from, so we don't actually know where it came from.
 Oh, wow!
 And he didn't patent it, so people could just buy his avocado and then take his seeds and then build their own plantation.
 So he made no money out of it, and he was still a postman towards the end of his life.
 Karen Haas-Raila, who is one of his descendants, said that it was really good for the family.
 And her grandmother, who is the wife of Rudolph Haas, said that they would always make avocados in their salads
 and would be really proud of these family avocados, even though they didn't make any money from them.
 Nice.
 So I would be a bit timid to try and approach the patent office with an avocado.
 I wouldn't know how to go about it.
 Yeah?
 Like, "No promise, this is a new kind of avocado."
 "Oh, right, where'd you get it from?"
 "I don't know."
 I see a pint, yeah.
 Yeah.
 And all the guys are queuing up with their, like, inventions when they're inventing a new kind of mousetrap or a new kind of door.
 And he's desperately trying to get to the front of the queue.
 And he's the ones that are the more brownie ones, the dark ones.
 The dark ones, I think.
 The green ones.
 Because I don't care why people don't eat the green ones.
 I think I'm not a very good taster, but I think they taste as good.
 And my local shop does avocados that are bigger than a melon.
 It's genuinely extraordinary.
 Oh, really?
 I should send, I should put, I'll get someone to put a photo onto it.
 Because I've seen some big apples in my tire.
 I don't know if I've ever said this on the show.
 Oh, Christ, we're back here.
 Bigger than a melon?
 Bigger than a melon?
 I don't want to be part of this big apple crew, but yeah, bigger than a melon.
 What?
 I don't know.
 No, that's a watermelon you're holding.
 Yeah, not even a watermelon.
 No, but I have seen, there is a kind, there is a new kind of Godzilla avocado on the market.
 And they're sort of twice, three times the size of...
 I imagine going to the Peyton office dragging along this enormous avocado.
 Rolling it.
 They're chasing after the Peyton officer like Indiana Jones.
 Do you know what they eat?
 Because they get fed by the scientists.
 Monkeys.
 Bananas.
 I've got fruit here.
 It's such a section that you're right.
 They mostly monkey food.
 This is the weird thing about the island is we act like it's all the monkeys living wild,
 a chance to study them in their natural habitats, except the researchers do have to go and feed
 them every day.
 But did you hear about the monkey food?
 Purina monkey chow.
 Purina?
 Yeah.
 It's a kind of sort of dry biscuit-y stuff, but it contains all the nutrients that a growing
 monkey needs.
 It's good for them.
 But the only reason I mentioned that is there was a guy called Adam Scott, Canadian.
 And in the early 2000s, he set himself a challenge of living for a week on nothing except monkey
 chow.
 Because it said it's good for all primates and great apes.
 And he said, "Well, I'm a great ape.
 And I can blog."
 That's amazing.
 And what happened?
 He now lives up a tree.
 He lost four pounds.
 He threw his feces at the researchers.
 So day three, he said, "I can smell every hamburger being cooked within five miles of my house."
 I think because he was so sick of this horrible stuff.
 Yeah.
 Day four, moderate desire to fling poop.
 Come on.
 No way.
 Day five, he wrote, "Next person who tells me to go 30 days is dead."
 He didn't enjoy it much.
 La Crosse has appeared only twice ever in the Olympics.
 So it was the 1904 Olympics was the first one.
 And then the 1908 Olympics.
 And in the first one, in 1904, there was only three teams that were competing.
 So there was two from Canada, one for America.
 There was meant to be one more for America, but they didn't make it in time.
 So you had a bronze silver.
 Wait a minute.
 It was in St. Louis.
 So it was in America.
 Yeah, I know.
 How did they not make it in time?
 What was it?
 They were slated to play, but they just didn't.
 OK.
 Yeah.
 So you had the Canada Shamrock La Crosse team.
 You had America's St. Louis Amateur Athletics Association.
 Then you had Canada's Mohawk Indian team.
 And that was an amazing team that they didn't play in the next Olympics.
 But all of their team members were Native Americans.
 And they all have these Native American names that are listed in their own Wikipedia pages.
 So you've got Black Hawk.
 You've got Almighty Voice.
 You've got Lightfoot.
 Man Afraid of Soap.
 Almighty Voice would be the captain, wouldn't he?
 Hang on.
 Man Afraid of Soap.
 Man Afraid of Soap.
 Rain in Face was another snake eater.
 And they all have their own on the official Olympic website.
 They all have their own biographies.
 You all want to share a room with Man Afraid of Soap.
 He's one of the only people who has actually a bit of biography that kind of remains.
 If you read their biographies, it sort of says little is known about them at the time.
 We don't have much.
 Man Afraid of Soap.
 His real name was Joseph Isaacs.
 His son actually became quite a famous La Crosse player called Bill Isaacs.
 And he was put into the Canadian La Crosse Hall of Fame.
 He was one of the first inductees.
 And every one of the other biographies, they seem to kind of like say we've got nothing.
 And then just mention something completely random just to sort of bulk out the article.
 So the guy who's called Lightfoot.
 They say nothing really known about him.
 He's no relation to Gordon Lightfoot, the Canadian folk singer who sang at the opening ceremony at the 1988 Calgary Winter Olympics.
 Okay.
 Good to know.
 Although he's from the same area.
 Good to know.
 Yeah.
 I've got a fact about the first airport in Ireland.
 Oh yeah.
 Guess what the ground was made of?
 Moss.
 Oh, very nice guess.
 No.
 Jelly.
 Well, I would have thought peat usually in Ireland.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 No.
 It was water.
 It was a floating airport.
 So what was the ground made of?
 Water.
 As I explained.
 It's not so much a trick question.
 It's a very misleading one.
 So water airplanes that land on water.
 Flying boats, as they were called.
 It was the Foynes Flying Boat Station.
 And I only mentioned it because it had this incredible, partly because of that brilliant trick question I just put you all through.
 But also because one of the planes it had, it was an early cross Atlantic flight.
 It was called the Boeing 314 Flying Boat.
 It was so luxurious, right?
 So it was, it ran overnight flights.
 I think they were quite slow at the time.
 So it would have taken a bit longer to get there.
 It had a beautiful dining room with 14 seats in it that you could sort of book a space in.
 Your shoes would be polished outside your cabin overnight.
 And it had a celestial observation turret and a honeymoon suite.
 Oh, God.
 How cool were planes in Ireland?
 I'd be complaining about people shagging up there probably.
 So email subject line, mile high club dash again.
 Excavation mark.
 Okay, so let's do a bit of Watson Harkins back today.
 Oh, my God.
 I have the phrenology head.
 Oh, so cool.
 So this is a phrenology head that I have from home.
 So it's like, what would you say?
 A ceramic head.
 And then it's got little words on the skull.
 And wherever your bump is, that's supposed to tell you something about it.
 So where would you say is the biggest bump on your head?
 I've got a bump, sort of, like.
 Okay, so above your left eye.
 Yeah, it's a bit of a bump there.
 And it's probably about maybe three-fifths of the way around.
 So that is between memory and wonder.
 Oh, okay.
 So you're like, you remember wonderers.
 I remember false things.
 I should have better checked out how big that is on my head.
 I've got a big one back here.
 It's a mole.
 You should get that checked out.
 Around marriage, I would say.
 What does that mean? You marry loads of times?
 I think it's how keen you are on being marriage.
 Being marriage.
 I don't think it's how many times, but I think it's about how exorious you are.
 How keen you are on...
 Amative, I think, they would say.
 Do you want to do your own while we're here?
 Give us a lump.
 Heads just don't have lumps.
 Perfectly smooth.
 I did mine earlier just to say.
 I did some self-frenologising.
 And it turns out I have bumps in the areas for observing, knowing,
 conscientiousness and the love of children and animals.
 Why did you kick that puppy the other day then?
 In Washington, Papinecla was addressing some audience and they sang a song to him
 to the tune of Finicule Finicula, which went...
 The cancer test, you know.
 What?
 The cancer test, you know.
 No, no, I know. It's just like there's football chance at his speech.
 He's a very popular man.
 Wow.
 That's really cool.
 I think they could have found something that rhymes better with Papinecola.
 That's really bad.
 What did they do instead of the Finicule Finicula, Finicule Finicula?
 I don't know.
 This is from his obituary, which, weirdly, doesn't miss the full lyrics of the song.
 I'm trying to think, yeah, the vagina, vagina, or cervixi, vagina, cervixi, vagina.
 Something like that.
 Sorry.
 Philopia.
 That's better.
 Just on Emily and Sue, one quick thing.
 The letters that they wrote to each other, there's some great lines in there.
 So, Emily said of her and Sue that they are the only poets
 and everyone else's prose.
 This is an example of how much she liked her.
 That's romantic.
 And another one, "I fancy you very often descending to the schoolroom
 with a plump binomial theorem, struggling in your hand,
 which you must dissect and exhibit to your uncomprehending ones."
 You've made that sound like a euphemism for once,
 because she did play on words.
 I don't think that is.
 You don't think plump binomial theorem?
 Binomial theorem.
 Are you hearing nothing here, Anna?
 That was a bit weird.
 I'm going to be honest.
 That slightly turned me on, James.
 I don't know how that happened.
 I'm a bit worried.
 Awesome Fowler, who was a brother of Lorenzo.
 He did a thing where he invented the idea of an octagonal house.
 So, he thought that everyone should have houses that were octagons.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 And he thought that the idea is that the perfect shape for a house would be a circle,
 because it would be easier to warm.
 It wouldn't get so cold all the time.
 But no sofas fit in it.
 Yeah.
 You have to invent round sofas as well.
 Then you're paying for your customized sofa.
 It's going to cost a fortune.
 Well, that's why he thought octagonal is better,
 because octagonal at least has the good part of having sides.
 Yes.
 But it has also the good part of being almost a circle.
 And also, in an octagon, the angles are 135 degrees,
 and that is the same angle as a typical bay window.
 So, he said that the architects are already able to make these things,
 because they're making bay windows,
 where they just go one better and have an octagonal house.
 What was Mr. Follows?
 Oh, his was the Dynaxian.
 Dynaxian.
 Yeah, the sphere.
 His was the Buckyball.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Whatever that is.
 It's hexagons and pentagons.
 Isn't the modern football something like a Buckyball?
 Yes, that's right.
 Yeah.
 I would live in an octagonal house.
 Yeah.
 Like a shot.
 I wouldn't say no to it.
 Would you seek out an octagonal house?
 No.
 If you knew it was available.
 Oh, if I knew it was available, yeah.
 You could type it into right move.
 Is that an auction or the one of the teams?
 Yeah, it is.
 Three vegans, garden, octagon.
 Number of faces.
 Yes.
 But yeah, there was actually a group who set up an octagon city in Kansas,
 where everyone was going to live in octagonal houses in 1856.
 These were followers of the famous vegetarian Henry S. Club,
 who I tweeted about the other day.
 He was the first president of the American Vegetarian Society, Henry S. Club.
 And his followers set up this city of octagonal houses.
 It's so annoying that they weren't S Club 8, the band.
 Because that would have been an absolute slam dunk.
 Yes.
 There was S Club 8, wasn't there?
 S Club Juniors became S Club 8.
 Oh, really?
 Did they?
 Oh, well.
 Maybe.
 Maybe not.
 Was it a nod to S Club 1?
 Octagon City, yeah.
 Anyway, this city did not make it through the winter.
 What do you mean?
 How many people died?
 I believe, as far as I could tell, no one died.
 They just decided, let's go back to our double-shaped houses.
 Oh, OK.
 I can't picture shapes very well.
 If you stacked octagons next to each other, can you make a grid?
 I know you can with hexagons, because that's sort of like a beehive.
 I don't know.
 I don't know.
 That's the answer.
 Wow.
 Because that would be good, wouldn't it?
 Yeah, that would be great.
 Not good if you live in the house in the middle.
 Not in the middle.
 No, that's the fucking nightmare.
 You had to go through everyone else's house to get to your house.
 So embarrassing.
 You've got windows in every room, but they all look out onto someone else's living room.
 This is a terrible idea.
 There was Crown Prince Alexander of Yugoslavia was born at Claridge's, because he was in exile.
 And on that day, the UK declared, apparently declared, Claridge's to be in Yugoslav territory.
 Now, is that--
 I've heard that.
 I read that, too.
 I think they declared that.
 They might have declared it, but whether it had any actual basis in law, I'm not sure.
 Who has authority over Claridge's?
 Is it the British government, or is it the management of Claridge's?
 I mean, when was this, 1945?
 If Churchill came to you and said to Claridge's as the manager, you need to make this Britain,
 would you say no?
 He's just won the war.
 I would say, oh, yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
 But I think, basically, they ceremonially say it's part of that.
 But actually, all the rules of Britain still--
 All the rules of Claridge's still apply.
 So you can't shoplift a kettle.
 Which is legal in Yugoslavia.
 Exactly.
 Ultrasound technology.
 Do you know what it was used on before?
 It was used for pregnancies, Gens.
 Ultrasound.
 I don't think you'll get it.
 To tell the inside of something that you can't look into.
 Oh, yeah.
 A safe.
 A safe, yeah, exactly.
 Oh, nice.
 No, it was used in shipyards and the military before it was used to scan pregnant women.
 So it was used to check for flaws in welds or the integrity and armor plating in tanks.
 Cool, nice.
 Yeah, and it was this very militaristic engineering system.
 And then a gynecologist called Ian Donald in 1955, he sort of thought to himself, I bet
 that has a use in my field.
 And he asked-- he asked, I think, a shipyard or somewhere if he could use the ultrasound
 technology to try and tell the difference between some tissue samples.
 And one of them was just normal tissue.
 No, one of them was an ovarian cyst, which you need to be able to detect.
 And one of them was a beef steak.
 And so-- and he could tell the difference between them.
 That's always useful to be able to tell the difference between those two things.
 Certainly, in an Aberdeen Angus restaurant, it is.
 And it's a necessary precaution to take.
 Yeah, but the early ultrasound prototype, it looked like a gun turret.
 It was incredibly militaristic looking, the thing that you were pointing at.
 Oh, really?
 It was a sort of a pregnant belly, so they had to make it a bit more--
 I suppose not.
 I don't mind a gun turret pointing at me, as long as nothing is propelled out of it.
 Yeah, but you can't guarantee that's not going to happen, right?
 I would like the doctor to guarantee that first.
 You don't want a doctor with an itchy trigger finger.
 You're right.
 This is loaded, just in case.
 The safety's probably on.
 Did you guys read the recent story from Shannon Airport in Ireland?
 Shannon Airport is quite controversial, because it's used as a stopover for soldiers.
 So Ireland stays neutral in a lot of wars that America's not neutral in.
 And then America needs to refuel.
 And sometimes the soldiers need a good night's sleep before they pop over to Afghanistan.
 So they stop up in Shannon Airport.
 A lot of Irish people get quite annoyed about this, understandably.
 But actually, a couple of weeks ago, two Americans who were over 80
 were fined 5,000 euros because they broke into Shannon Airport.
 So these guys sound so great.
 They are called Tarak Kauff and Ken Mayers.
 And they're respectively 80 and 85 years old.
 They're ex-American soldiers, but they're now super anti-war.
 And they use bolt cutters to access the runway area.
 And so they were going to search all the US planes there for weapons.
 But they were put in prison.
 They were put in prison for 13 days.
 For breaking into an airport and trying to steal weapons?
 Ridiculous.
 Sorry, they weren't trying to steal weapons or make that very clear.
 They wanted to search some weapons to expose the fact that, you know, war is bad and stuff.
 What war is bad?
 And stop dropping these truth bombs.
 Well, that's why their action is needed.
 So you guys can learn.
 Do you know Gordon Brown's, what his name actually is?
 Oh, it's James, isn't it?
 It is. James Brown.
 So I read this thing in a, this is actually in Mark Mason's book that I was browsing the other day.
 Gordon Brown's actual name is James Brown.
 And Tony Blair's dad, his birth name was Parsons.
 So Tony Blair is almost Tony Parsons.
 So we almost had Tony.
 Whose Tony Parsons?
 Tony Parsons is like, hang on.
 I don't know who that is.
 There's an Alan Parsons.
 Oh, wait, is Tony Parsons, wasn't a famous comedian?
 Oh, Tony Parsons?
 Tony Parsons.
 Wow, I forgot the wrong person.
 Well, scratch that.
 Who's that Parsons who was in Mark the Week?
 What's his first name?
 Andy Parsons.
 Oh, Andy Parsons.
 Shit, I just thought he was a really famous, like, 90s, 80s comedian.
 Who am I thinking of?
 Well, Andy Parsons is pretty famous.
 What was the band?
 The Alan Parsons Project.
 The Alan Parsons Project.
 Well, scratch that.
 No, no, we keep this up.
 Apparently, a way, if you are at the gynecologist and you're feeling quite tense,
 small talk is the way that they get most people to calm down.
 I read this article where doctors were talking about where can you just
 absolutely get a patient to just relax and just start saying random,
 stupid stuff, completely relaxes the person, which is a nice thing to know.
 But I was also reading in the same article about the sort of,
 like, discoveries they make while they're down there at the gynecologist.
 Because sometimes it's not just as simple as doing the test.
 Sometimes we haven't washed for a while.
 There are various structures in there.
 Well, the structures retain foreign bodies is an interesting thing.
 They all talk about their favorite thing they've collected from inside a vagina.
 That word.
 While they've been looking at it.
 So it's everything from marbles through to LEGOs.
 Is this woman who's forgotten her handbag a need to store thing?
 A handbag?
 No, it's my vagina.
 There was a species found in 2016, a kind of poultice orb web spider.
 Oh, yeah.
 Is it a spider?
 It is a spider.
 And from one side, it looks like a leaf.
 And from the other side, it looks like a dead leaf.
 So living leaf on one side, dead leaf on the other, right?
 The first one was found in 2016.
 And it basically has, it looks so much like a leaf.
 So the only problem is this spider has not yet been classified properly by scientists.
 Can you guess why?
 Because they can't find it.
 They can't find any.
 Because it just looks like a leaf.
 We show it's not just a leaf.
 That's the other theory.
 Basically, they haven't found any more.
 That's incredible.
 2013, England went a bit healthy with its choices for cricketers and what they're eating.
 So when, and they seem to have got a lot of crap for it as well by the newspapers.
 So when they went to Australia for the ashes in 2013, 2014, they brought with them an 82 page cookbook.
 And it was full of very healthy meals.
 So lots of things like mung bean and spinach curry that they were trying to eat.
 And the Aussies were obviously not eating healthily.
 In fact, in 2012, the Aussies were sponsored by KFC, the official restaurant of Australian cricket.
 It's said on their website.
 Also, you can't catch cricket balls with greasy fingers, can you?
 Oh, that's true.
 Yeah, that's true.
 But so they lost, England lost that series 5-0.
 You could catch the ball in a bucket.
 That might be helpful.
 They say he had hands like buckets if you can catch really well.
 There we go.
 There we go.
 What if he just has buckets on his hands, you know.
 And then, yeah.
 And then the following summer, when England was back on its own ground, India was over.
 And there was a thing where it was spotted by the press that India had ordered when they were doing their practices by the nets.
 They'd ordered a bunch of McDonald's and Nando's to come.
 And so there was a Daily Mirror headline that later read, because England were getting battered again, mung beans 0, Big Macs 3.
 And it was just a big thing at the time to say, "Stop eating good, crap food is what's going to get you through it."
 I think it was more about our natural talent at the game at that time.
 Yeah, I don't follow...
 Stop getting battered and get something battered.
 Something along those lines.
 I'm surprised they didn't do something with word battered.
 Such a loss to the headline industry.
 Oh, no.
 Yeah.
 I was reading stories about disasters within gynecology.
 And I read a story by a guy called Jason James.
 He works at Baptist Hospital in Miami.
 And he had a patient come in and she had lots of...
 What she thought was a terrible case of genital herpes, which I believe it was.
 And there was lots of lesions and discomfort.
 So he prescribed her pills, but he also gave her some cream.
 So he went into his drawer and he ripped open this pack and got out of tube and gave her this cream.
 And she went home.
 A few days later, she calls up.
 She says, "I'm not sure the cream thing is working.
 It's a bit weird.
 All my lesions have gone blue."
 He said, "What?"
 And she said, "I don't know.
 This thing you've given me is a bit odd."
 And he went, "What the hell is she talking about?"
 She said, "It's got like..."
 So he went into his drawer and he picked up where the pack was of the stuff that he'd got,
 picked it out, realized he hadn't given her cream, but it was a pack of blue highlighters.
 And what she'd been doing was taking the lid off and highlighting each little lesion in blue for days before...
 And then she said, "They've all gone blue."
 This woman sounds like a bit of an idiot herself.
 I mean, I don't trust the doctor in this transaction.
 He gave someone a blue highlighter instead of a tube of cream.
 I know doctors are overworked and on the sled, but that is quite bad.
 I know.
 And also, does that mean that he was highlighting his notes with...
 Yeah, a lesion cream.
 He fessed up to it and said, "But at least we'll be able to find the lesions when you come in now."
 Oh, good a funny doctor.
 He's the worst medical malpractice.
 Well, there was also another person who advised people apply yoghurt to similar things.
 Oh, yeah.
 This is quite a famous person in the '70s called Carol Downer.
 I think she's still alive.
 She was a feminist campaigner, sort of slightly against the speculums.
 The speculums became a bit of a feminist issue,
 because the idea was you're putting women in this vulnerable position, lying on their backs,
 while a man, as it almost always was in those days,
 shoves an instrument up your front bottom.
 And so, Carol Downer led this campaign that was like women should be investigating themselves,
 rather than having to rely on men to do it.
 So, she used to travel around with a whole bunch of specular showing women how to use it.
 Right.
 But she advised that if, with their speculum, they looked up, I guess, with a mirror,
 and saw something dodgy, she advised applying some yoghurt.
 I always thought applying yoghurt to thrushworks, doesn't it?
 But, you know, that little corner with all the bits of chocolate and you don't put that.
 Yeah, yeah.
 That's your treat for after a successful dosing.
 It seems not impossible, because it's all yeasty cultured stuff, isn't it?
 Well, maybe it's for a yeast infection. I can't remember.
 It is a yeast infection.
 I mean, Jen Gunter, the doctor, would probably say don't put anything there.
 Where is she, then?
 Is she still in the news?
 She still pops up from time to time.
 A friend of the podcast, Jen Gunter, who just pops up to occasionally say,
 "Don't put glitter up there, or don't put marbles up there, or don't..."
 What if you want to really impress your dog?
 Do you know where the first mention of armwrestling comes from, we think?
 The Bible.
 Oh, that's a nice one.
 It's a bloody Bible.
 I actually don't know if someone has scoured all the ancient texts for armwrestling mentions back.
 Balev.
 But nice again.
 The Epic of Gilgamesh.
 It's all...
 It's in a cuneiform tablet.
 There are lots of claims about tablets.
 Yeah.
 And drawings.
 So there are lots of claims that it's like ancient Egypt and Greece,
 and you can see all these pictures of people who do look like they're armwrestling,
 but they haven't got a table to armwrestle on,
 and they're probably just doing a country dance.
 But in Japan, it's been a big deal for many hundreds of years.
 And this is Udezumo, which is Fight of the Hands.
 And the first description of it is from 712 AD.
 And this is where it's actually two gods who did it,
 to decide who won all the Japanese islands for themselves,
 and then one crushed the other one's hand,
 as we know can happen and fled in terror,
 and so the other god won all the islands.
 Were you on the armwrestling archive website, Anna, in finding this fact?
 I can't remember.
 Okay, well I hope you were, just because I found this fact on there,
 which I haven't got verified.
 This is more of a shout-out to anyone who has information about this thing.
 But that website, had a lot of information about armwrestling,
 goes into all the claims that it's in ancient Egyptian freezes,
 and kind of says there's really not much evidence that they're actually armwrestling.
 Oh yeah, I think it was that.
 Yeah, yeah.
 So this website claims that ancient Japan also had foot wrestling,
 neck wrestling, called kubihiki,
 finger wrestling, Ubesumo, and buttock wrestling.
 It was the same website.
 So what is buttock wrestling?
 This is what I want to know.
 Because on the website, it just says buttock wrestling, brackets, width-wise.
 What does that mean?
 Does it mean like banging your bum like you're doing a dance?
 I think it must be.
 But how much time did you spend?
 Because I think I probably spent 45 minutes trying to find out what buttock wrestling was.
 And if you just Google, if you Google that phrase,
 you do get some pretty, pretty rum results.
 That's so funny.
 Yeah, you probably went in a different direction to me with that result.
 I still spent 45 minutes doing it, all right?
 I read this tidy story that when Hitler was growing in power,
 and the movie industry were at the point where they were going to start doing movies
 that were making fun of him.
 So the one that kind of really hit home was The Great Dictator,
 which we've spoken about in the podcast before,
 the Charlie Chaplin one.
 But before that, there was a movie that came out,
 which was the first movie to openly mock Hitler,
 and it was called "You Nasty Spy,"
 spelled N-A-Z-T-Y,
 and it was the Three Stooges.
 Really?
 The Three Stooges, yeah.
 So they did it whereby The Dictator, and it was played by Moe,
 and he was the dictator of Moronica,
 and so you talk to the morons and so on,
 and it's a short movie, and it came out at a time when they weren't real.
 There was a lot of weird stuff going on in Hollywood
 where they didn't want to show anti-German movies,
 because they still weren't sure what side they were sitting on in total.
 And this got under the censors because it was a short film,
 so it didn't have the kind of attention that, say,
 the Chaplin film would have had if it came out at the time.
 So it came out, and there's a story that's online,
 and I can't find that it's true, so I'm more saying this
 just to ask any listener if they know.
 Supposedly the Three Stooges were on Hitler's death list as a result.
 His personal death list.
 I'd love to see the SS trying to kill them
 by poking them in the eye and then, you know...
 Yeah, amazing, yeah, I really want to see it.
 "You Nasty Spy."
 Well, they won Item 3 on the list.
 As one item, not individuals.
 The Three Stooges.
 It'd be annoying if you were working your way through the list.
 This is three!
 Okay, that's it. That's all of the outtakes.
 We'll finish on Andy empathising with the SS.
 Thank you so much for listening to this,
 and thank you again for subscribing to Clubfish.
 We really do appreciate it, like I say,
 and we'll be back in a couple of weeks
 with another bit of bonus material.
 I think we'll be back to Andy's mailbox.
 So if you have any comments about the things
 that we've said on the podcast,
 if we've got things wrong,
 if you've got some additional facts,
 then send them over to podcast@qi.com,
 and we might read out your emails on that show.
 The normal podcast will be back again on Friday,
 with no adverts for you guys.
 Okay, see you then. Goodbye.
 Goodbye.
 [music]
 [music]
 (upbeat music)
