 (Bell)
 (Bell)
 (Bell)
 (Bell)
 (Bell)
 Hello and welcome to another episode of "No Such Thing as a Fish"
 a weekly podcast this week coming to life from the Royal Institution in London!
 (Cheering & Applause)
 My name is Dan Schreiber, I am sitting here with Anna Toshinsky and Drew Hunter Murray and James Harkin.
 And once again we have gathered around the microphones with our four favourite facts from the last seven days and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one and that is Anna.
 My fact this week is that the spacecraft that's about to orbit Mercury is wearing a hand stitched blanket for warm.
 (Bell)
 It's adorable, so nice.
 (Bell)
 This is this really cool blanket which is necessary because at its hottest Mercury gets to about 400 degrees centigrade and it's cold as about minus 190.
 And so there's this space blanket and I saw some pictures of it getting hand stitched on and they sort of draped the blanket over the vessel and then they stitched it while it's on.
 You know like if you're getting a dress fitting or people in films when they get dressed fitting they wear the material and then they get it stitched on while they're standing there.
 And what side deserves antennae dress?
 Indeed.
 (Laughter)
 That was such a male laugh that came out and that was it.
 Just about 10 people in the audience.
 (Laughter)
 Anyway it really is weaving and because like a lot of fabrics it can get really static because it's wearing this blanket,
 then there are also threads of conducting metal that have been woven through the blanket to conduct the static electricity away.
 And in fact blood was shed in the weaving process, someone pricked their needle, pricked their finger with the needle and stabbed themselves with the needle because they were up late stitching this blanket.
 Does that mean some of the blood might have gone into the blanket and that might now be in space?
 Yes.
 Oh god, I think so. They're going to clone us.
 Yeah, who?
 The Mercurious.
 (Laughter)
 And this isn't the first ever satellite to go to Mercury as it so there was one quite a long time ago called Mariner 10.
 And they used also a cloth, but it wasn't hand stitched, it was called beta cloth.
 There was like a super strong heat resistant fabric.
 And that kind of cloth can be seen on EastEnders very regularly.
 Really?
 Riddle me this.
 Oh, it can be seen on EastEnders.
 The old Vic pub.
 Yeah, that's the only thing you know about EastEnders.
 (Laughter)
 I guess they've got posters.
 Yeah, made of this cloth.
 Is it in the opening credits somewhere?
 It's in the credits.
 Is it on the London eye?
 No, it's not the millennium dome.
 Is it when you stretch it, is it what they do the drum sound on?
 One of you has got it right and it is the millennium dome.
 The O2, it's what covers that though.
 Can I just say when I said the London eye, I meant the millennium dome.
 When I said the stretch, John, that's what I meant.
 Yeah, as well.
 That's so cool.
 That's very cool.
 Wait, is it the same, just the same material?
 It's the same material, yeah.
 It's very cool.
 I'm a bit confused because you're saying it's for warmth for this blanket.
 You're saying it's for cool, because it's very hot there.
 Yeah, well, it's insulating, isn't it?
 So it's both, in fact.
 So it's just to protect the spacecraft from whatever.
 From hot and cold.
 From hot and cold.
 It's a very hot thing.
 We should say that this is part of a mission that was launched in 2018
 and it still has not arrived at Mercury.
 It will be in September of this year and it's called the Bepi Colombo mission.
 And this is from Giuseppe Bepi Colombo.
 He's a man who worked out the way that you could get to Mercury,
 which is not to go to Mercury, weirdly.
 The way to get to Mercury is to go away from Mercury
 and you need to get passbives of planets so that you can slow yourself down enough
 to then orbit Mercury.
 It's the weirdest thing.
 So it's like a slingshot.
 It's a slingshot.
 If you've seen the Martian, the movie, where they need to get the astronauts back to Mars,
 that's kind of what they do around the Earth.
 It's so weird.
 It's easier to get to Pluto than it is to get to Mercury,
 because it's moving so fast around the Sun that you just need to get the timing exactly right.
 It's like going into the center of town is harder than just heading out into the suburb.
 Yes.
 That's basically it.
 No, you're right.
 Sometimes you need to go around the one-way system, which is a pain in the ass.
 It's a bit like that.
 It's exactly like that.
 It's just thought of that, and I'm sticking.
 It's more like that it's just as hard to get up a mountain to ski down a mountain
 because you have to stop when you get to the bottom of the mountain.
 That's the problem.
 It's quite easy to get a spaceship to go towards Mercury,
 but it's pretty hard to stop it from going into the Sun afterwards.
 Yes.
 The whole trip is basically trying to slow it down.
 They launched it in 2013, and the first planet they slingshot around was Earth two years later.
 It just feels so weirdly...
 Well, they've been there like that.
 It feels like you've gone around the one-way system.
 Oh, hang on, we've done this, but you know.
 Stop trying to make it work.
 Cool.
 They had gums there and back where that point.
 It's actually been to Mercury, I think, three times now.
 Because it's not going at the right speed, it just has to go...
 Oh, I'll just try again.
 Sorry.
 Yes.
 It's like going to the London Eye, but going around the Millennium Dome before you get to the lake.
 So, the Bepe Colombo was the guy who kind of came up with the idea of going around Venus to get to Mercury.
 But the person who first came up with the idea of sling-shotting was a guy called Yuri Kondolachuk.
 He was a Russian guy.
 And what's really interesting about this guy is he was around at the start of the 20th century,
 and everything was going wrong in Russia at the time.
 And he was in Siberia, and he decided he wanted to build an enormous grain elevator.
 Okay, in Siberia.
 But they didn't have very much stuff, so he managed to build it out of wood without a single nail.
 Ooh.
 His grain elevator, right?
 And then, a bit later on, he got on the wrong side of the Soviets.
 And they decided to put him in jail.
 And they used his grain elevators, evidence against him,
 and said the fact that you haven't used any nails proves that you were trying to sabotage the entire system,
 and that you were going to go in one day and just pull like a game of jenga,
 and just pull a little bit out, and it was going to collapse.
 Oh, wow.
 Why do you need to elevate grain?
 I would have thought the main challenge is in transporting it,
 maybe keeping it nice and cool or whatever you do with grain.
 I come from a long line of farmers.
 Yeah.
 And we run it out of time for that.
 You get up to the top of a building, and then you have a big slide that delivers it everywhere else.
 Yeah.
 Well, like it into a silo, isn't it?
 I'm guessing.
 I am guessing.
 Okay.
 Do you guys know why we're going there with Bepi Colombo?
 There are a few reasons, obviously, they're performing multiple experiments,
 but one of the reasons is because a lot of scientists say,
 "Markery shouldn't be there. It shouldn't exist."
 So they're just checking that it is?
 I think the double-checking that it's actually there.
 How so? How should it not?
 If you were mapping out how the solar system functioned,
 it shouldn't buy the gravity, buy the density of the planet, it should have been pulled in.
 It just doesn't make sense, and they're trying to work out.
 I absolutely love that there's someone that knows the science here,
 and he's nodding every time I get something right.
 Are there any brain experts?
 Can I tell you, Dan, you love a sort of space disaster,
 or a potential space disaster, like Apollo 13?
 I like it when they have Earth and disaster.
 Let's talk about Apollo 13, the ending.
 I thought you might like this, because the Mariner 10 voyage,
 the first satellite sent off, I think it was 1974, it went.
 It went wrong in all these interesting ways.
 About a month after launch, it just switched for no reason that anyone could tell
 from main power to backup power.
 That's a problem, because then you don't have a backup,
 because you're already using the backup, but there wasn't any way to get it back on main power.
 The other amazing thing was that the paint was flaking off a little bit,
 doesn't sound like a huge problem, it's just the paint.
 But these tiny flecks of paint were going past the star tracker,
 and the way that Mariner 10 was navigating was with a star tracker,
 and it needed to keep its eye on the canopus.
 Every time it saw a little fleck of paint go past bright and white,
 it thought all great, and just started changing direction.
 Nightmare, and they had to just correct it all the time,
 and it was constantly having to be redirected.
 Slightly remember when they had AI that was doing the camera work for a football game,
 and they would just follow the football,
 but then it accidentally saw the bold head of the linesman,
 and it just followed him for the entire game.
 That really happened, yeah, beautiful.
 It's so funny, it's really hot there, that's the other thing, right?
 It is so unbelievably hot.
 Yeah.
 As discussed, when it's not unbelievably cold.
 Yeah, yeah.
 When you're on the other side, and at one point they thought that Mercury didn't spin around,
 so they thought the far side of Mercury was probably the coldest bit of the solar system,
 because it was just purely, it gets so so cold,
 but the front side facing the sun, that's really hot.
 And so getting these satellites there is proving to be,
 we've had to use amazing technology, so they have a solar array,
 which is how they're powering it, it's so hot when they get that close,
 they can't even point the solar panels towards the sun.
 They have to, like, gently kind of like suggest the sun is over there,
 because it's still going to heat it up.
 It's not working.
 It's flirting with the sun.
 Yeah, exactly.
 It just needs to stay on such an angle.
 Otherwise, it would just burn out.
 It would just be too much energy, and it's, yeah.
 Well, you know what it does with the solar power?
 It turns xenon gas into a charged stream of plasma,
 which is then fired out as the solar propulsion thruster.
 I didn't know we had solar propulsion thrusters.
 And in fact, if we had just on that, rather than going with this slingshot system,
 it would have taken seven years to get there, will it?
 By this point, whereas if we'd just been doing the thruster mechanism,
 it would have taken a couple of months.
 So it could have done with some more plasma streams.
 But then it would have just speared into the sun, or speared into the sun.
 No, no, it just uses so much fuel.
 Oh, yeah, we should have say that the slingshot mechanism is so useful
 because it uses hardly any fuel, because what you're doing is you're using the gravity
 of Venus and Earth and Mercury to get yourself there.
 Right.
 So you just need to be huge for that.
 It's very hard to get fuel outside of Earth.
 It's like a bloody electric charger.
 Something you have to be really careful about on Mercury is making plans.
 Because if you tell someone, I'll see you in three days.
 What kind of day are you talking about?
 So in fact, quiz question, what's the definition of a day?
 The planet spins around once on its axis.
 Is that what everybody thinks?
 You idiot.
 Idiot.
 The definition of a day is the time it takes for the sun to return to the same place in the sky.
 In the sky, yeah.
 So 24.
 It's always in the same place in the sky.
 No, it's not.
 It's always in the same place.
 No, it's not.
 It's not in the same place.
 It's not.
 It's always in the same place.
 We go around it.
 I mean, don't go anticapernican on me, right?
 That's the...
 Okay, it's not in the same place in the sky, but it's...
 To your eyes.
 To your eyes.
 That's the definition of a day.
 Yes, well, the day that you would talk about.
 So that's what takes 24 hours.
 Okay.
 The time it takes for Earth to do a full axis is 23 hours and 56 minutes.
 And that's because, at the same time,
 it's spinning on its own axis.
 The Earth is rotating around the sun.
 So if you imagine it going round, it spins on its own axis.
 And by the time it's done a 360 degree spin,
 it's moved a bit round the sun.
 So to point still directly towards the sun,
 it needs to spin one degree more.
 Not a big deal on Earth.
 On Mercury, because it orbits the sun,
 at quite a similar speed to the speed it orbits on its axis.
 So it spins on its axis very, very slowly.
 The two different kinds of day are very different.
 So a sidereal day, which I'm sure you all know,
 is the time it takes to spin on your own axis.
 Your own axis.
 Sorry, damn, I should let you take over from here.
 Give me a chance to at least jump in, yeah.
 23 hours, 56 minutes on Earth, 59 days on Mercury.
 A solar day, 24 hours on Earth, 176 days on Mercury.
 So if you say, I'll see you in three days,
 you could be out by like, I don't know, what's the mass?
 A year and a half.
 So I'm just saying there's something to worry about.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 I think maybe we shouldn't go after all.
 Why don't we get to fact number two, and that is Andy.
 My fact is, a female boffin is technically known as a boffin.
 Okay.
 So technically, according to the book,
 the rise of the boffin.
 Okay.
 By Ron W. Clarke, this is a book about the history of boffins and boffinology.
 And boffin had a very specific meaning for a long time.
 Boffins were kind of, they were, they were a cadre of mostly men,
 sort of male research scientists during the Second World War
 who were working on weird and wonderful experiments.
 And that's where the word came into kind of modern use.
 But this book, I just picked it up.
 There's a copy in the, in the basement, because we were lucky to get a kind of backstage tour of the Royal Institution.
 And on, there it is, page one, it says a female boffin, of course, is a boffin.
 Cool.
 And one thing, because I think we'll probably talk about a few more kind of brilliant women from the RIS history.
 But the boffins from the Second World War, they were sent down to a place on the English Channel, right?
 And they were doing the first work on radar.
 So it was massively important for the war effort, you know,
 it was mentally important for the Battle of Britain, for all sorts of areas, you know,
 having functioning radar was a huge advantage.
 The thing is, it was directly under a bombing route that the Luftwaffe frequently flew over during the Battle of Britain.
 But it didn't look like very much, it just looked like an army camp, right?
 It was bombed once, and this could have been absolutely catastrophic to the British War effort.
 But fortunately, later, after all the dust had settled on the war,
 they asked the Luftwaffe, why didn't you bomb it more?
 And they said, oh yeah, well, we assumed you wouldn't put anything important under a major flight route for the Luftwaffe.
 Like, you'd have to be unbelievably stupid to do that.
 So we assumed it was just a kind of piddling little army camp.
 How the double bluff, the double bluff, the double bluff, yeah.
 And the word boffin, we should just say, comes from our mutual friend, by Charles Dickens,
 and there's a character called Nicodemius Boffin, who is like an uneducated dustman.
 He wins a load of money and decides to educate himself by reading lots of books and doing that kind of thing.
 And we think that's where it comes from, although there had been a meaning of like an officer, like an old dodgering officer,
 in the war was a buffing, and that doesn't quite work with this, but I think certainly that seems to be most...
 It's in loads of books, there's a family in the Hobbit called The Boffins.
 Yeah, it seems to be a really, I guess it's quite, and it's a fun word, isn't it?
 It's a fun word.
 But boffin is not caught on, presumably.
 Not just this book.
 Just this one book.
 Yeah, like page one.
 Yeah.
 We're going to make it, are we going to make it happen?
 Let's make boffins happen.
 This is sort of a home of boffins, the RI.
 Would it have done so well if it weren't for the boffins of the very start of the 1800s?
 Maybe not, because I was very surprised to know that the audiences in this lecture theatre,
 which was where all the greatest scientific discoveries were basically distributed to the public,
 were more than half female, and it's because the RI employed socialites to make it cool to go to science lectures.
 Guys, I got a question for you, so look at the audience here.
 What kind of what word do you think was one of the most common to describe the audience at the Royal Institution?
 Oh.
 This is something noted by Sir William Henry Bragg, who was Nobel Prize winner.
 Someone shouted nerd from the audience.
 Nerd?
 Yeah.
 Not nerd.
 Odd?
 No, we're talking about the old audience.
 No, you're sorry.
 Is it positive or negative?
 It's positive.
 Oh, cool.
 Cool.
 Cool dude is close enough.
 Fashion, fashionable.
 And like Hannah said, it was a very fashionable place for people to come.
 And also, as well as like sending the socialites out, you would be able to get discount lecture rates
 if you gave your daughters or your best friends tickets.
 They would get cheaper tickets to get more women in.
 Oh, nice.
 Oh, one of those signed someone else up, and you'll get half price off, and they'll get half price off.
 Things are my keep meaning to forward that email to you guys about Airbnb.
 Oh.
 It's more like, use the offer code "Fish".
 Can I tell you one of my favourite boffines?
 Yeah, of course.
 So this is Caroline Hazlett.
 I think she was a member of the R.I.
 She was also director of the Electrical Association for Women.
 And she was born in 1895, started off as a boiler engineer in Suffolk,
 was expelled from her boiler engineering school because of a dangerous love affair.
 Wow.
 And then she had, but she had a crusade her whole life, which was to liberate women from drudgery in the home
 through the medium of electricity.
 And she had this thing called the House of Marvels in Bristol, which was House, which was all electric.
 And in 1935, this was insane.
 You know, people couldn't believe it.
 What do you mean, like lots of things plugged into the mains?
 Not like you said to that.
 What do you think?
 Yeah.
 You know, an electric house sounds like a step on the floor on a gate.
 It killed everyone on impact.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Yeah, no, it had things like a drying cupboard and an electric clock.
 And these were very advanced in 1935.
 And her memorial, which I just think is so nice, there is a Caroline Hazlett memorial pylon down in Sussex.
 Oh, yeah.
 That's the name.
 I didn't know you got those.
 No, I know.
 Sounds like the kind of place you're going to take your wife on holiday, aren't you?
 If you could have any piece of infrastructure named after you, what would it be?
 Oh, my God.
 That's difficult for you.
 I've got to be a cellopharm.
 A cellopharm?
 Yeah, yeah.
 Put a pylon on the nice one, you know.
 Oh, no.
 A big one of those big new sand batteries they're building in Finland.
 They're very cool.
 Oh, well.
 No, you can't.
 No, you can't.
 You've opened a can of worms here.
 There were all society, though, and it does feel like sacrilege to mention it in the Royal Institution.
 But it obviously has been held in very high esteem for a long time.
 Such high esteem that another buffine, I can't believe this is how we're calling referring to them now, Dorothy Hodgkin.
 Very famous one, the 1964 Nobel Prize in Chemistry, for working crystallography.
 When she made the discovery that led to her Nobel Prize, which was solving the structure of penicillin.
 Her tutor said, "You'll get the Nobel Prize for this."
 And she said, "I'd much rather be elected a fellow of the Royal Society."
 And he said, "That's much harder."
 But she was, anyway, so that's all right.
 And also she had a colleague, John Cornforth, cool name, who, when she said,
 "I think the structure of penicillin might be this."
 He said, "If it turns out to be this, I will give up chemistry and grow mushrooms instead."
 And did he?
 He didn't. He went on to win the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1975.
 So, bit of a dickhead, really?
 Didn't stick to his word.
 Can I give you another buffine?
 Yeah.
 And I'm seeing as we're doing that.
 So, Reiser Nitta Buch.
 She is the only woman for whom a body part is named.
 So her name again?
 Reiser Nitta Buch.
 The knee.
 No, it's a layer between the placenta and the uterus wall.
 But there are 432 people after whom parts of the body are named.
 And 424 are male physicians.
 Eight of them are gods and kings.
 And the only one that's named after a woman is this part of the placenta.
 Really?
 I think there are at least 3 times more human body parts named after worms than there are after women.
 Oh, boy.
 So, the vermillion border, for instance, around your map.
 I don't know that.
 It's like the bit between your lip and the rest of your skin.
 Oh, yeah.
 That's named after a worm.
 That's very small.
 I can see why you're named after a worm.
 Well, here's a thing.
 The wormy and bones.
 They are wriggly bits of bones that attach your school plates together.
 Named after all a worm.
 Yes.
 Source.
 Yeah?
 Yeah?
 People want this book.
 They know where it's going.
 It's the book.
 Half the audience is so confused by that.
 And one of them is, so these are things which sound like they should be named after a trait.
 But they're actually named after a person with an opposite name.
 And the other one I found that I went through all the body parts is the allcock canal,
 which is where the nerves that serve your penis pass through,
 and that's named after Benjamin Allcock.
 Oh, wow.
 Wow.
 That's great.
 That's wonderful.
 The problem we're talking about in a fact like this,
 where we're talking about general female scientists.
 There's just so many extraordinary people out there, and how do you narrow it down?
 So I decided I was going to look specifically at people called Margaret,
 just to see what they've done for the world.
 And there are so many amazing Margaret.
 Exactly.
 But the amazing ones, Margaret Gattie.
 She wrote a book about seaweed.
 And there was a whole seaweed craze that happened in the UK in the 1800s.
 And it was a way of liberating women who wanted to have a scientific passion,
 but weren't allowed into these institutions.
 They could go down to the sea, and they could identify all these different seaweeds.
 Margaret Gattie's book had 200 different seaweeds in there, right?
 And it was getting so popular that men were writing that their wives were travelling
 with larger moths so that they could hide all their seaweed equipment in,
 because this was seen as uncouth to have that.
 So the moth, obviously, the thing you put your hand in.
 Obviously.
 Yeah.
 It wasn't to me.
 Sorry, I thought it's worth mentioning.
 Have you cleaned that moth recently?
 It absolutely rakes.
 Why is there a test tube in there?
 Yeah, another amazing woman, Margaret Alice Murray.
 She was the first woman in Britain to hold a full-time appointment in Egyptology.
 So this is an academic world, not strict science.
 But she was the first person to unwrap mummies in public as a woman.
 I meant to do that.
 Sorry?
 No, I meant to do that.
 I meant to keep them wrapped.
 There's the whole idea.
 This is why they didn't use to let women in.
 They just come in and they unwrap all the mummies.
 Take these bandages off, come on.
 Get some air on it, get some air on it.
 No woman was allowed to do it again until 1945.
 She also wrote a book about witchcraft,
 which leaded up to wicker being quite a legit field.
 But it was very controversial because she bent a lot of the stuff.
 And she released her autobiography, Age to Hundred.
 And it was called my first hundred years.
 Love that.
 Such a good title.
 Love that.
 Last one I'll mention quickly, Margaret Roberts, very interesting lady.
 She was a chemist and she's notable because she became the only prime minister of the UK
 to have a science degree.
 That was Margaret Thatcher.
 She started as Margaret Roberts.
 And it was very interesting.
 She's still the only one.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 So yeah, I mean, the article was from 1998.
 But she was not like we've been going through the global lottery.
 What's really cool though is that for all the faults that you have with Margaret Thatcher,
 she was one of the people that led to the Montreal Protocol,
 which is when there was discussions about CFCs on an international level,
 she was a chemist who came to the table with knowledge that it was ruining our planet
 and convinced all the other leaders of the world that this was something that we needed to ban.
 So having a scientist in a prime minister role is probably a good thing.
 Do you know who her supervisor was at university?
 Previously mentioned in the last 10 minutes, Dorothy Hodgkin, Nobel Prize winner.
 Not Benjamin Olcock.
 Yeah, it's not amazing.
 I didn't know this.
 Dorothy Hodgkin was Margaret Thatcher's tutor at uni and Thatcher.
 So she worked in Hodgkin's lab.
 So she's a big crystallographer person, hence the Nobel Prize.
 And she kept a photo of her up in 10 Downing Street when she worked there.
 And Dorothy Hodgkin was incredibly, virulently anti-nuclear development
 and anti-lots of other stuff that Margaret Thatcher stood for
 and used to keep on coming to NAC, Margaret Thatcher,
 about, you know, please stop investing in nuclear technology.
 And Margaret, I think, would just always say no.
 But I have your picture up in my room, so...
 Right.
 I've got a couple of very quick boffin quizzes for you.
 Oh, great.
 We're right.
 These are all headlines from the Sun about what those boffins have been up to.
 I've removed one word from each one.
 Okay.
 Oh.
 This is nothing like have I got news for you.
 Just for legal reasons.
 What's that show? I don't know.
 Okay, good.
 Boffins creates super-watts that can survive being run over by a car.
 Super-ratts on when you're all down.
 Super-ratts that can survive being run over by a car? No.
 Super-human.
 Super-harmony.
 Super-harmony. Super-califragilistic expi alidoshis.
 Super-jelly.
 Super-jelly.
 Okay.
 Fifty-fifty-most-beautiful-watts confirmed by boffins.
 Is yours on the list?
 It's old-cut canals.
 Is that a body part?
 No.
 Oh.
 It's baby names.
 Dave, the 16-inch-watts, killed by boffins.
 I'm not going there.
 Earthworm. Dave, the Earthworm.
 Okay.
 It was basically Britain's Harambe.
 It was...
 It was tragically 16-inch-long Earthworm. Can you imagine?
 It's a lot.
 It's huge.
 Is he now 2-8-inch-watts?
 He's now 1-16-inch Earthworm in a jar at the Natural History Museum.
 Society. They studied him and then they killed him and put him in a jar.
 Oh, right.
 That's...
 Well, I've got one more but I'm too cross about Dave, the Earthworm.
 Oh.
 It is time for fact number three and that is James.
 Okay, my fact this week is that according to Ethiopian tradition,
 during the 14th century, it was illegal to be a short, bold, old man.
 Hmm.
 So...
 It's not just a dammit.
 This is a legendary Ethiopian queen called Farah.
 And we don't know very much about her because it's all oral retelling of her story.
 She may not have even existed.
 But all the stories say that she reversed traditional gender roles.
 And she forced the men to do all the housework and all the child care.
 And she really took against all the short, bold, old ones.
 And there's someone who's kind of on the borderline of some of those categories.
 Kind of interesting. But she... Basically, it was that the older, bolder, shorter men
 were kind of talking to people and giving them ideas and telling them what to do.
 And she's like, "Well, I'm the queen and I should tell you what to do."
 That's kind of...
 Oh, yeah.
 And they would like traditionally figures of respect.
 Exactly.
 Exactly.
 Yeah, yeah.
 And then in all the stories, there is one short, old, bold man who manages to escape.
 And she asks people to do something ridiculous and they go to him for advice.
 And then he tells them how to do things.
 It's like a lot of different stories like that.
 Yeah, because it was a lot... She didn't say she was the queen of the people.
 She was the queen of the women.
 She was really saying, "Men, you have no place here."
 And so it was the men who were escaping to the cave going, "Please, short, bold man, tell us what we can do."
 And he kept feeding advice back to them of what they could do.
 And eventually it was his advice that saw to her end.
 Yeah, just to give an example of the kind of thing.
 So she would ask them to do ridiculous things like to build a house that was not on the ground
 and not in the sky, but somewhere in between.
 And then they would go to the old man saying, "What the fuck is she on about?"
 And then he'd say, "Okay, we'll say that you'll do it if she puts down the first foundation."
 And then they went to her and said, "We'll do it if you put down the first foundation."
 And then she'd get really annoyed and she'd be like, "You're talking to that old man again, haven't you?"
 And yeah, like you said.
 Now, go and build me an elevator for grey.
 But no nails, yeah.
 But you were saying about how they got rid of her at the end.
 Yeah, so finally she said, "I want to go see all of my land and I want to ride around it
 and I want people to meet me and say how great I am."
 So they ran to the old man in the cave and they said, "Hey, she wants to go around. What do we do?"
 And he said, "Here's our chance. It's finally arrived."
 "Put her on a giraffe and it will run so fast it will rip her limb to limb."
 And according to the facts, that's what happened.
 They, according to the facts.
 This is all very, it's very misty stuff, isn't it?
 According to the stories.
 But why does variety on a giraffe tell you limb from limb?
 Well, she was tied to the giraffe.
 Does that help? I don't think so.
 I don't think it makes sense at all, Andy.
 Her arm flew off and then her waist flew off.
 Her waist flew off.
 Her genitals flew off.
 And the remains fell off and where all these pieces fell.
 Along ride apparently because all the towns are named after each bit of her body.
 So you can still visit towns called, you know, Furah's Butterk.
 So there's a place called Salah, which means genitals, a place called Kura,
 which means like the remains after you've got rid of all the other bits.
 And her waist, there's a place called Hello, which means waist.
 I can't find any of them on Google Maps, but I do believe that they all exist.
 And isn't there a tradition, I don't know if it's still upheld,
 but the place where her last bit of body fell, her last big toe fell or whatever,
 people go to it and women pour milk on it as a sign of respect and love
 and men beat it with sticks.
 So if you're going as a couple to this tour at sight,
 you've got very different aims when you get there.
 The milk is an interesting thing. Why is there milk? What's the milk connection?
 I don't know, it's always like a kind of a votive offering milk, isn't it?
 But I guess because it's such a precious resource.
 I think especially in certain parts of Africa.
 Yeah, well, I wonder if it's to do with the fact that we have some items from the old,
 what do they call it again? It's the Salema, Salema people.
 Sadama.
 Sorry, Sadama people. We have old items. So there's an item in the Met Museum,
 which is a pillow for keeping the people of that area in Ethiopia,
 their head off their pillows, because they used to use butter as their...
 Keeping your head off the pillow?
 Yeah, so basically your hair had been done up in butter,
 which was a hair gel, basically, back in the day.
 The idea is that you would do your hair up, you would keep it on this wooden thing,
 and it would retain this amazing look that you'd done purely.
 You would keep your head on the wooden thing, you mean?
 It was like a wooden frame and you lie on it.
 Exactly, yeah.
 It feels like you don't need the pillow at that point, doesn't it?
 It feels like if it's to keep your head off the pillow, at that point you can just take the pillow away.
 Yeah, okay.
 But I bore your pillow. It just doesn't look like you're using it.
 They have four types of marriage, the Salema people,
 or four types of sort of getting married.
 Three types are your kind of standard traditional woman forced into a relationship
 she didn't want to be in against her will at the end.
 That number four, if you're lucky enough, is if a woman fancies a man,
 she stands on his doorstep, waits for the door to be opened,
 and throws a stick into his house.
 And if a woman does that to you as a man, you have to marry her.
 Oh!
 And I could say, wow!
 Well, it's all talk, doesn't it?
 How often would number four happen over number one?
 I think it depends on, like, family culture, on, you know,
 just what your parents let you do.
 Yeah, it's a bit humiliating for someone to basically play fetch with you,
 but you've been treated worse by various.
 I've been married number four.
 Yeah, yeah.
 There are some marriage taboos in the Salema area.
 So men are not allowed to mention the names of their in-laws,
 and women are not allowed to not only not say the names of their in-laws,
 but also any word that has the first syllable as the name of their in-laws.
 So for instance, my surname is Haken,
 and my wife wouldn't be allowed to say Haken, but she wouldn't also be able to say harmonica or hard-boiled egg.
 Ah!
 Which would be very difficult in our life.
 Oh, my God!
 That comes up a lot in our house.
 Every morning, a breakfast.
 Do you get that harmonica or are you cooking?
 Yeah.
 That sucks.
 Short-balled old men?
 Who's the shortest-oldest-boldest-man you can name?
 Livy.
 So I've got one, and I don't think you're going to get shorter or bolder or older.
 Living.
 Not living.
 So in history and all of history.
 Well, yeah, yeah.
 Gandhi.
 Short and bolder, yes.
 Yeah.
 But not him.
 Older and shorter and maybe bolder.
 Methuselah.
 Older.
 Older than Methuselah.
 Yep.
 But Methuselah was like 600 years older, something, wasn't he?
 Oh, no, sorry.
 It's been like older and longer ago.
 Oh, I see.
 Oh, sorry.
 No, nice, yeah, yeah.
 Okay, so from someone from...
 He's a friend of poker.
 Oh, let's see.
 Let's see the ice.
 No way!
 Let's see the ice, man.
 It's man.
 Friend of the podcast.
 He was bolding.
 He had the male patterned baldness gene.
 He was 53, which I think at the time was old.
 Yeah.
 He was getting on.
 Yeah.
 And he was five foot three.
 What was he?
 Short, bold, old.
 He could have been tall for that era.
 You know, no.
 Yeah.
 That's a point.
 Yeah, I guess so.
 It's pretty good though, yeah.
 That's good.
 Yeah, that's good.
 The other thing we got...
 I haven't told you this.
 This is fresh information.
 It's just come into the inbox today.
 And then he had a tramp stamp.
 I'm friend.
 I didn't write down the name of the person he sent it in,
 but he had on his back, like those...
 What is that?
 What's a tramp stamp?
 Yeah.
 You know.
 It's a...
 You don't know, because you have so many.
 It's the tattoo that goes on the lower back.
 Oh, that one.
 That one.
 Okay.
 Male patterned baldness.
 It's quite weird, isn't it?
 That you go bald in a pattern.
 And that we have no idea why it happens like that.
 And so, obviously, you lose it from the top,
 and then you lose it from the front sides.
 And there have been various theories,
 but the latest scientific papers are concluding
 that the reason that you lose the hair from the top
 of your head first,
 and then from the sides of your temples,
 is basically gravity.
 Is pulling your hair off.
 No.
 Really?
 The theory is that, basically,
 you've got a layer of fat under your scalp.
 And men lose this layer of fat as they get older,
 whereas women don't.
 And that's where your hair follicles are,
 sort of under this layer of fat.
 And so, the idea is that this layer of fat
 is cushioning the force of gravity.
 So, as men lose it, then gravity is pushing down hard,
 it's on the top of your head,
 because that's where it's directly hitting it,
 as opposed to when it starts to slope on the sides,
 the gravity is a bit less.
 Right.
 So, it pulls the hairs off.
 So, that's why the hairs fall off the top.
 And then, the reason they, apparently,
 in scientific papers fall off the front
 and starts to recede, is from the weight of your face.
 Pulling...
 Stop.
 Pulling...
 How heavy is your face?
 Well, if you look at bald men,
 they've all got huge noses.
 Well, that's interesting.
 That's interesting, because I have a very big nose.
 But also, in theory, I should be bald,
 but luckily, as a child,
 I basically had no forehead.
 I had like a 2.4 head.
 I had hair that grew all over here.
 And my parents used to shave a forehead on something.
 No, seriously.
 And it's receded now that I'm in my 40s
 to where it's like, basically, a normal forehead.
 No.
 But that tracks with your theory, big nose and heavy face.
 Absolute cobblers.
 Guys, this is the home of science.
 I'm reporting data.
 Dan, sit down.
 What today, sir?
 Just another forehead, please.
 Save again.
 As a child, if you see photos of me as a child,
 I had a bald haircut, and I asked my parents why,
 and they said, because you didn't have a forehead,
 and it was weird.
 So I just had a fringe the whole way round,
 looking like I was black-adder from Series 1.
 Yeah, I was reading about...
 There's a lot of baddies in literature,
 and let's say, in movies that are bald, so...
 That's Luther.
 Blacks, Luther.
 Darth Vader, when the mask comes off.
 Yeah, but...
 I see.
 Described Darth Vader in one word.
 If you get it right, we'll give you a big deal.
 Described the man who robbed you with a light saber.
 I'm just pointing out as bald.
 Just pointing out that when the mask came off,
 they would have gone, "Yeah, of course he's bald."
 Of course he is.
 Because if you pull the mask off of this,
 it's luxurious.
 That's weirder.
 When he was younger, he did have luxurious hair.
 I think then acid took it away, didn't it?
 Yeah, it's a bad plot like...
 Anyway, the point is, is that you do have...
 You do have villains who are seen with that,
 but that almost led to Patrick Stewart
 not getting the job of Picard in Star Trek,
 and he wrote about this in his autobiography recently,
 when he was on his way to your audition.
 He was in the UK, and he was going to America.
 Just before he got on the plane, they said,
 "Can you bring a wig? We need you to wear a wig."
 So his wife went home, and he got on the plane,
 and his wig got on the plane behind him.
 So it followed him to LA,
 to where he did the audition.
 Because...
 Actually, now for a second,
 did that say that wig got on the plane behind him?
 Yeah, I could emotional support.
 Well, they weren't going to hold the plane for it,
 so it got on their own.
 Sorry, it got on the following plane.
 Yeah, you said it got on the plane behind him.
 Like, he gets on the plane.
 I'm kicking my seat.
 Whoa!
 The theory is, is that because in the future,
 that's that far in the future,
 we would have cured boldness,
 so there would be no people who were bold.
 So they thought that's what Jean Roddenbury wanted.
 He does your audition, he goes home,
 and then a few days later, he gets a phone call,
 and they say, "We'd like to see you again,
 this time, without the wig."
 And it turns out Jean Roddenbury said,
 "I don't think, in the 24th century,
 we're going to care about boldheads anyway."
 And then the wig got back on the plane, and the wig called.
 I actually have a fact that marries Ethiopian female rulers
 and boldness.
 Okay.
 So did I at the start?
 It's actually...
 Shit, it's the same one.
 How embarrassing.
 No, this is about the most famous maybe Ethiopian female ruler,
 the Queen of Shiba.
 Some people claim that she's Yemeni,
 but are any of those people here?
 No.
 Most people agree that she was an Ethiopian queen,
 King Solomon, was told about her by his pet bird, actually,
 who flew around Africa and came back to Solomon and said,
 "There's this really fit woman, you should marry her."
 And so he found the Queen of Shiba,
 and he thought, "Yes, I will marry her,"
 but there were all these rumors that she's got really hairy legs.
 And so there were various versions of this story,
 something the Torah, something the Quran, I think,
 but this is one of them.
 He was like, "We're going to have to trick her,
 because I need to know if she's got really gross hairy legs."
 And so in the palace he made for her,
 he built a floor made of glass with water underneath it,
 but that made it look like the whole floor was a pool.
 So when the Queen of Shiba is walking across it,
 she's going to have to hitch up her skirts.
 And she did indeed hitch up her skirts,
 and he did indeed say, "Ha, you've got a disgusting hairy leg.
 What's going on there?"
 And she said, "My mum fancy to go when she was pregnant with me,
 genuinely, this was explanation."
 And so that made her be born with a hairy leg.
 And he didn't marry her until he designed a special hair removal cream
 that could remove all the hair from her legs.
 And that is...
 Is that feminism?
 God, it's...
 Feel like it.
 Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show,
 and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that Golem actor Andy Circus'
 MTV Awards acceptance speech was so good,
 it won an award.
 The acceptance speech won an award.
 Isn't that astonishing?
 It's not when you see it, though.
 Is anyone here seeing the acceptance speech?
 Yeah, big 2003 MTV Awards fans in the house.
 It basically was Andy Circus,
 sort of accepting it on behalf of Golem
 because the category was best virtual performance.
 So it was a year in which Golem was up against Scooby Doo,
 Kangaroo Jack, Dobby and Yoda.
 And...
 I wonder if they had speeches prepared.
 I love that foreshot of them all in the audience.
 Yoda is looking absolutely livid.
 He's short and bold and old.
 Oh, sorry.
 Oh, yes.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Well, it was a speech and we've got a picture of it up here
 where Golem is holding the award.
 He basically attacks Andy Circus for trying to accept the award.
 It should be his.
 But instead of it just being quite a fun,
 sort of, oh, you took it from me.
 He goes into total profanity.
 The worst swearing you would ever hear.
 And it was so good.
 It won a Hugo award,
 which is a science fiction ceremony that happens.
 Do you want to know one of the strangest award speech
 knock on effects ever?
 Yeah, go on.
 So 1994, Tom Hanks won Best Actor at the Oscars for Philadelphia.
 Right?
 Yeah.
 And he was a very young man at the time.
 But he'd done a few films, and this was his first, you know,
 really big, serious role.
 Obviously, all about, you know, the AIDS crisis.
 And in the speech, he paid tribute to his old high school teacher,
 Rawly Phansworth.
 Right?
 And he said he paid tribute to him as one of the, you know,
 sort of one of the great but unsung body of gay Americans.
 Right?
 And the story at the time was that he had outed him accidentally
 on stage.
 Oh.
 Which isn't thankfully his not true, who he had phoned up three days before
 and asked for permission to mention him as I was one of your pupils.
 I don't know if you remember me, but I'm Tom Hanks.
 I'm actually pretty famous now.
 But this speech and the kind of version of events of the speech
 led to another film by Kevin Klein called In and Out
 about someone inadvertently outed during an award's acceptance speech.
 Oh, really?
 So the acceptance speech prompted another film.
 The whole film was based on the speech.
 Poor Tom Hanks, then really having to double down a good,
 but I definitely didn't do that.
 No, no, he definitely didn't.
 It's actually kind of cool, the way that Andy Circus became Gollum,
 I suppose, if you're a Gollum fan, I mean it was quite groundbreaking at the time, right?
 When Gollum, we saw Gollum and it's like he is Andy Circus,
 but he's not.
 And Andy Circus was meant to be just the voice.
 And he didn't really want to be just the voice of Gollum,
 because he thought I'm a full body actor here.
 So he rocked up anyway, because his wife persuaded him to.
 And he was so good while he was auditioning for the voice,
 his whole body and his whole face morphed in the way that Gollum does,
 and acted out the bit so well, that Peter Jackson thought,
 "Okay, we've got to use the body and face of this guy as well for Gollum,"
 which is a bit shit because they'd already designed the whole of Gollum
 for the fellowship of the ring the first time.
 I just say, sorry, I don't really, I don't know these films very well,
 and I don't know what Andy Circus looks like, and does he look like this?
 It's uncanny, it's uncanny.
 That's actually just a shot of Andy Circus.
 Oh, is it?
 Yeah.
 But yeah, they had to redesign the whole part around him,
 and one of the earliest uses of that kind of CGI,
 where they put, like, points all over Andy Circus' body,
 and they--
 Motion capture.
 Motion capture, indeed.
 But that's an interesting difference, which I didn't properly appreciate.
 CGI is different to motion capture.
 Motion capture is we are seeing Andy Circus.
 He's in the scene, he's doing all these things.
 Yes.
 CGI is really a computer-generated reconstruction,
 maybe using a guide, but built from scratch.
 So, yeah, one feels like a subcategory, almost.
 But yeah.
 But what Motion capture can't do is the face.
 Or it can, and it sometimes does, but in Lord of the Rings, it didn't.
 But if you look at Andy Circus' face, and to answer your question, James,
 yes, it does look quite a lot like Gollum's.
 But in the most flattering possible way.
 It kind of mimics Andy Circus' face.
 That's because the animators, when they were turning Andy Circus' movements into Gollum,
 they used to cool Andy Circus over to their desks and say,
 "Okay, we're creating this scene now.
 Can you act it out in front of us?"
 And we will follow your facial expressions precisely,
 and make sure that we match them exactly to Gollum.
 Yeah.
 Which sounds quite-- it's so fun, Andy Circus.
 Just trotting along to the desk again.
 Yes, I'll do it.
 I read that he based the voice on Gollum on the sounds his cat's made
 of coughing up fur balls.
 Does that sound right?
 Exactly.
 I think his name, Gollum, according to JR Tolkien,
 the name comes from the horrible swelling and gurgling sound that Gollum made.
 Yeah, but what is Tolkien, though?
 Well, I thought he was named after because there's like a Jewish monster
 or something called the Gollum.
 Oh, yeah, yeah.
 Oh, Gollum.
 That's right.
 I thought it was that, but he said that it came from this.
 Other people think that maybe it comes from, like, the word gold,
 basically, an old word for gold.
 I don't know.
 By look to Andy Circus' filmography, because, like I said,
 I'm not really massively familiar with him.
 And apparently, he voiced an animated talking anus in 2019.
 Do you remember that?
 You don't remember?
 No.
 It won't best picture.
 No, you don't.
 I don't know.
 Right.
 It was for an environmental charity,
 and it was to discourage people from flushing web wipes down the toilets.
 And it opens with a line, "Hello, I'm an asshole."
 Gollum, or Andy Circus, rather,
 wasn't the absolute first example of motion capture,
 which I'm very interesting.
 So there was an early pioneer in the field, was Jar Jar Binks.
 Does anyone remember the character of Jar Jar Binks?
 Yeah.
 Now beloved, of course.
 We all celebrate Jar Jar Binks day every year.
 But armoured best was the actor.
 Armoured best?
 Yeah, yeah.
 And he didn't win best actor.
 No.
 He was... Jar Jar was hated.
 But a lot of people...
 It is hated, I think, as we know,
 from the grown-in-the-audience when you mention his name.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 It was very sad, because he was a young actor who was very excited to get this role as Jar Jar Binks,
 and George Lucas told him, "Look, they hate it now,
 but 20 years from now, the kids who love Jar Jar are going to be adults,
 and they're going to change the narrative, and that has not happened."
 But the absolutely mad thing about Jar Jar Binks,
 'cause it... I mean, it was pioneering stuff,
 and you can see production shots where Armoured best is wearing the suit.
 He's wearing the head, but he's got the body suit on that's helping to map his movements.
 Other people going for Jar Jar Binks included Robin Williams,
 and Michael Jackson.
 Would have been even less popular, maybe.
 Yeah, Michael Jackson eventually refused to do it,
 because he wanted to do it as himself.
 He didn't want it to be himself to be CGI'd.
 He was like, "I have the Jar Jar Binks look, just let me act it."
 And Lucas said, "No one wants to see that on screen."
 Wow.
 But the actor who played him, Armoured Best, interesting fact,
 his twin brother went to prom with Lauren Hill.
 Jesus Christ.
 That's, we've slipped into the pages of Heat Magazine,
 and I think we should slip out.
 I'm sorry, who's Lauren Hill?
 This education of Lauren Hill, she was in the Fuji's, she was one of the pioneering sounds of the '90s, I would say.
 Yeah.
 The first CGI in movies was in Vertigo.
 1958, Alfred Hitchcock.
 Oh!
 And it's the swirly bit at the start, so it's not in the real film.
 Oh, yeah.
 And he used something called a charrison predictor,
 and this was something they used in the war,
 where you could put a load of inputs in about how fast an aeroplane was going,
 and what direction it was going.
 And it would be able to predict where the aeroplane would go,
 and then you'd be able to fire in that spot,
 so that when the plane got there, the bullet would get there at the same time.
 And he basically put a load of inputs into this,
 and then hung it over his camera or whatever,
 and made it make lots of different twists and turns.
 And that's what makes those spirals at the start of that film.
 That's so cool.
 Oh, yeah.
 One of the first films to really lean in, I suppose, to CGI,
 was Tron, which I haven't seen, but it looks brilliant in 1982.
 So this really was the first pioneering use of computer-generated imagery
 without any real world in it.
 But I always find with early CGI, the weird stuff is the stuff that's kind of low-fi
 and done by hand.
 So all the characters in it are just a face, and then the rest of them is CGI,
 and they've got all these sort of glowing lines,
 like lines of circuitry all over their bodies.
 And every single frame of those lines was hand-painted on.
 So there was about half a million separate pieces of art done for that film
 with little bits of paint that hand-painted on the glowing lines of the circuitry,
 which was the opposite.
 And then, it couldn't be nominated for an Oscar for Best Special Effects,
 because it was cheating.
 Yeah, I remember that.
 You were 1882.
 You were one.
 I hadn't been born for two years, but I remember, first thing I said when I came out of the womb,
 going, "That's bullshit, man."
 You came out of the womb, picked up your friends when this bullshit...
 It's on CGI, this bullshit on my head.
 A lot of films now, they want to say we don't make it with CGI.
 That's a big thing, it's like this was not made with CGI.
 And so I was looking at YouTube mini-series by someone called the Movie Rabbit Hole,
 and they found out that, basically, films are using CGI to delete evidence of CGI
 in the behind-the-scenes footage.
 It's an amazing.
 But like, for instance, one thing about not using CGI, Christopher Nolan,
 for interstellar, there's this big bit where there's a big confield.
 Yeah.
 And he planted 500 acres of real confield in Alberta, Canada,
 in order that he didn't have to CGI this field.
 Wow.
 What?
 Well, the confields exist.
 Yeah, but they want willing farmer.
 Well, to lose on his con?
 Because he burns a down-endy in the movie at all.
 He burns it down...
 Well, you don't see Nolan in shot, but it's part of the...
 Sorry, I thought it was just walking through the con,
 swishing it like in Gladiator.
 Which actually would make it worth more, probably.
 Well, he didn't actually burn it all down.
 It cost him $100,000 to make this entire confield.
 And he managed to make a profit of $162,000
 by selling a lot of the confields.
 That's amazing.
 It's pretty good.
 Because I was just wondering if Gladiator Bread
 went for more at the time.
 And if not, they should have.
 Where Russell Crowe's swished along it.
 Yeah.
 You paid more for a one that's been finger by Russell Crowe, wouldn't you?
 I don't think I would.
 Do you know what I mean?
 You asked for a discount.
 I feel like I would have wrecked a scarecrow just to scare Russell Crowe.
 Nice.
 We're going to have to wrap up, guys.
 Does anyone want to say anything before we go?
 I was reading the article in the Economist
 about actors losing their jobs due to artificial intelligence.
 It is happening, but mostly in the animal world.
 And that's because people don't really
 want to use animals in movies because it might be cruel
 and you can do it with AI and CGI instead.
 And there was a guy called Steve Martin, interestingly,
 who was one of the main guys who used to give all the animals
 for Hollywood to use.
 And he said there's not been a single chimp in any big American movie
 since the Wolf of Wall Street in 2013.
 And he has a bear called Tag the Bear, who can't get any work at all.
 And there's had to start wrestling with Logan Paul
 and taking on humans in hot dog eating contests.
 Oh, God.
 Really?
 There's had to.
 I feel like it's not like anybody can get.
 But that's where we're going with actors, right?
 Where CGI is now taking over a lot of actors,
 I think we're going to get to a point where they'll replace old movies
 with problematic actors with a new actor so that you can watch the movie again.
 Really?
 I think that feels like we're headed.
 I can see a world where Michael Jackson taken out all his video clips
 and Jar Jar Binks has put in in his place.
 And that's just our reality going forward.
 Is it always going to be Jar Jar?
 Every thing.
 Jar Jar Binks.
 It would be a much happier oil, that's it.
 That is it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for being here in this amazing room.
 The Royal Institution with us.
 We've loved being here.
 And if you want to get in contact with any of us about the things that we've said
 over the course of this show, we're all on Instagram.
 We're on Twitter.
 We're on various different places.
 You can find us there or email podcast@ky.com
 because Andy goes through it all and he picks out your best facts
 for our new show, Little Fish.
 Anyone heard Little Fish?
 It's cool to show that.
 And then there's Drop Us Align.
 Any Drop Us Align listeners?
 Please send them all there.
 We love getting them.
 But otherwise we'll be back again next week with another episode.
 Thank you so much everyone for being here.
 We'll see you again.
 See you again.
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
