 (electronic music)
 (speaking in foreign language)
 (electronic music)
 (electronic music)
 (audience cheering)
 - Hello and welcome to another episode
 of "No Such Thing as a Fish" a weekly podcast.
 This week coming to you from our book of the year,
 2018 Tour Live in Britain.
 (audience cheering)
 My name is Dash Shriver and I'm sitting here
 with Anarch Zinsky, Andrew Hunter Murray,
 and James Harkin and once again,
 we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days
 and in a particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one and that's my fact this week.
 My fact is Australia's first police force
 was made up of Australia's 12 best-behaved convicts.
 (audience laughing)
 - Wow, it's weird you didn't do this fact
 when we actually were in Australia then.
 (audience laughing)
 - And it's weird that we hope to go back again.
 (audience laughing)
 - So this is because when they got there,
 the first fleets that went out to Australia,
 they were very under-prepared.
 They barely brought any agricultural equipment.
 They sort of arrived and just went,
 "Okay, we just need to make do."
 So they had a few people like the Royal Navy
 who were out there, the British Royal Navy,
 who were trying to police a few things,
 but that wasn't their job and it's not what they were doing.
 So they said, "We need a police force."
 And they realized we have no police.
 So they looked around and went,
 "Okay, who are the best-behaved convicts that we've got here?"
 They found these 12 people and they're like,
 "Would you be the police?"
 And they were like, "Yeah, of course, that's it."
 - So dream, what, how do they define best-behaved?
 I don't know, I use what the 12 best-behaved people
 in society out of all of them.
 - I guess maybe they might be looking at the crimes
 that they were sent over for because the criminals
 that got sent over was for very basic things,
 as we know, is for stealing a bit of bread
 or urinating on the streets or--
 - Well, there are a lot of different things
 you could get sent for.
 - There was a murderers.
 - I made up the urinating on the streets one,
 but I imagine that might have been a thing.
 - So you could get sent there for recommending
 that politicians get paid?
 - No, no, what?
 - You could get sent there for stealing fish,
 for starting a union.
 There was, in 1843, a guy called James Prido
 was transported for bestiality with a donkey.
 And in 1850, Lieutenant Robert Gates
 was sent to Australia for striking Queen Victoria
 with a cane.
 - Wow.
 I agree with that one, do you?
 - With him doing it, with him being sent away.
 - With him being sent to Australia, right?
 - Okay, actually, there were quite a lot of bestialities.
 There's a list. - Sorry, can I just clarify?
 I was not talking about the bestiality one.
 I was talking about--
 - You don't need to feel bad about it, Andy, okay?
 - I don't feel bad about it.
 There's nothing to feel bad about.
 - Okay, no, the Australian government actually has a list
 of all the crimes that people were transported for.
 So I was reading through this list
 and there are 13 for bestiality,
 but there are some that are really weird.
 So one is bad notes.
 What does that mean? - Bad notes.
 - Oh. - 27 people for bad notes.
 - Counterfeiting money?
 - Yeah, I guess so.
 - There was, counterfeiting was a separate one, weirdly.
 I also learned a new word.
 It said that about 40 people were done for hammer sucking,
 which I've never heard of.
 - Hammer sucking? - Hammer sucking.
 - Yeah.
 Do you guys know that word?
 - No.
 - So I think this must have just gone out of use.
 It means to break into someone's house
 and assault them with the intention of assaulting them.
 - And it's different to-- - Assault them with the intention
 of assaulting them.
 - Sorry.
 To break into someone's house with the intention
 of assaulting someone and then assault them.
 As opposed to stew-threaf, which people were also sent for.
 - What? - Yeah.
 Stew-threaf.
 These are just words that I'd never heard.
 - Do we know what that is?
 - Yeah, that's breaking into someone's house
 without the intention of assaulting someone,
 but someone pops up so you have to assault them anyway.
 (audience laughing)
 - Oh, it's really hard to prove
 when we were in the house, when you were hammer sucking
 or stew-threaf and-- - In a way you need the victim
 to go, it was my fault really for popping up.
 (audience laughing)
 - That's some very specific ones though.
 So it really goes down to detail, especially with theft.
 There was theft of a hairbrush, one person,
 got sent to Australia for that.
 Theft of six chickens, 17 people.
 17 separate people stole six chickens.
 Theft of bacon, the theft of shovels.
 People are stealing left, right, and center.
 And yeah, they were all getting sent away.
 - So one thing that happened when you boarded
 the transport ships was you got given a bag of cloth
 if you were a woman.
 So Elizabeth Frye, who's the social reformer,
 she's on bank notes now.
 She's on the five pound note.
 She on the current five pound note?
 Think she is. - Anyone?
 - No. - No, all right.
 - Not according to that one man
 who I'm gonna trust, completely.
 (audience laughing)
 - Someone check a five pound note.
 Surely someone has a five pound note.
 - She definitely has been on the five pound note.
 But anyway, she had this kind of social program going,
 which was if you're a woman being transported to Australia,
 as you boarded she or her representatives,
 would give you a bag and it contained lots of scraps
 of cloth and needles and thread.
 And the idea was that you could make a quilt
 on your way over and then sell it when you got there
 to give yourself a tiny financial start.
 - But everyone else has also got a quilt
 'cause they've also been on the boat.
 - You wanna really diversify, don't you?
 - You're just quilt swapping.
 Is it entire society of quilt swapping?
 (laughing)
 - Which was a separate offense.
 You could be sent to Australia for actually.
 - One thing I really love about that is,
 so you were badly behaved in Britain
 and you got sent to Australia.
 But if you were badly behaved in Australia,
 then they'd send you even further to North of Ireland.
 So you go to one more island.
 And I wanna know what happens
 if you're badly behaved in North of Ireland?
 What happens then?
 Back to Britain.
 (laughing)
 - Going around and around.
 Yeah, Northern Ireland was very bad, wasn't it?
 - Yeah, it was horrible.
 - In fact, I think people used to
 on North of Ireland try and commit other crimes
 'cause what you would get is a death penalty.
 And for that, you get sent back to Australia
 and you'd be on death row
 and they thought that's way better
 than this terrible North of Ireland, please.
 - Wow.
 - I've heard of the Cascade's female factory.
 - No.
 - So this was somewhere where again, it was,
 so I think most of the people who were transportable men,
 it was maybe 80%.
 But the Cascade's female factory
 was a kind of workhouse for female convicts
 when they were sent over.
 It was a kind of distillery slash prison.
 And when they were in there,
 they weren't allowed to speak to men, these women.
 But they did devise a scheme
 where they bribed a corrupt water.
 And I swear to God, this is what the source I have says.
 It says, they smuggled love letters
 to the men they wanted to communicate with inside chickens.
 (laughing)
 - No, we know why they were stealing all those chickens.
 (laughing)
 - They smuggled love letters inside chickens.
 - Yeah.
 - They were living chickens or dead chickens.
 - Or were inside.
 - I think it goes in the bit where the egg comes out.
 - Okay, not through the beak or under the wing.
 (laughing)
 - That's what I do.
 - These guys in this factory,
 they famously protested in 1832.
 And the way that they did that
 is the governor of Van Diemensland,
 which is now Tasmania, came along.
 And turning right around, and at one impulse,
 they pulled up their clothes, showing the naked posterias,
 which they simultaneously smacked with their hands,
 making a loud and not very musical noise.
 (laughing)
 And on another occasion,
 some dozen or 20 women seized the governor,
 took off his trousers and deliberately endeavoured
 to deprive him of his manhood.
 - Wow.
 - It's not what you want.
 - Now what happened to the chickens doesn't sound so bad,
 doesn't it?
 (laughing)
 - People always think that I think the people
 that were sent over to Australia, though,
 were kind of from the lowest of the low in society,
 like the really lower class working classes.
 But it was a whole range of people,
 it was basically anyone unwanted in Britain.
 So there was really a good article by Thomas Cannelli,
 you know, the Australian author,
 who was describing the kind of people that would go.
 And he was thinking there was a lot of members
 of the gentry in the bourgeoisie,
 but people who sort of had gambling debts
 or who'd got themselves into trouble,
 or he said bluff English lads who weren't particularly good
 academically or who had impregnated the maid.
 And then you've got to go.
 But do you know, just because, so Ned Kelly
 is obviously relevant to this.
 So this police force was created
 and the police became quite corrupt and hated.
 And then you got these rebels in Australia
 who were kind of hero villains.
 And Ned Kelly is the main one.
 But I didn't know that the world's first feature length film
 was the Kelly Gang.
 So it was the story of the Kelly Gang.
 It was made in 1906, and it was banned almost immediately,
 because it was shown in Australia in cinemas.
 It was super successful.
 And then people started committing kind of imitation crimes.
 So a bunch of kids went and held up a photography warehouse,
 I think, and stole a bunch of stuff from it
 and held up some schoolchildren at gunpoint.
 And what?
 They canceled.
 So everyone was fine.
 So yeah, they canceled it.
 But it was really successful.
 And the reviewers got kind of annoyed about it
 because the way they did films in those days was people
 went to the cinema and they showed the film.
 And they also had a lecturer standing by the side
 of it explaining the action as it happened,
 because obviously no sound.
 And then they had actors behind the screen
 who were giving it the dialogue.
 So--
 Wow.
 --and apparently the Kelly dialogue and sound effects
 were so loud that it really upset people
 who were used to quiet silent films.
 So there was something called the Kelly Belogruf,
 which reviewers referred to, which
 was going to the cinema to see the Ned Kelly film.
 And you just, like, be deffined by these thunder claps
 that they were doing behind the screen.
 I love the idea of a lecturer.
 Just by the side, who's just filling you in on,
 who everyone is, every scene.
 For any Marvel superhero film, I would like that.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Just why are we all trying to get the rocks?
 [LAUGHTER]
 Just speaking of famous Australian convicts
 from that period.
 So Ned Kelly, more an outlaw than a convict initially.
 There was a guy called Moon Dine Joe.
 Moon Dine was the place he was from.
 And this guy, he'd arrived with the boats.
 I don't think it was the very first fleet.
 But he kind of served his sentence there.
 And he was let free.
 And he-- so they must have sorted out that system that--
 oh, so they had a problem with earlier.
 And he started doing things like branding cows for himself
 and keeping them.
 So he got arrested and put back in prison.
 But he escaped.
 So then he got arrested again and put back in prison.
 And then he escaped.
 And then he got arrested again.
 And he just kept escaping.
 And there was nothing that they could do.
 So they eventually had to build him his own custom cell,
 just completely on their own.
 And they said to him that if he escaped that,
 all would be forgiven.
 He's like, you go free.
 We don't know what to do with you if you were escaped.
 Wow.
 Did he escape?
 You're not going to believe this.
 I forgot to write down the answers to that.
 Oh, my God.
 [LAUGHTER]
 When in that story did you realize that you didn't have the answer?
 You knew when I was going, and then he escaped.
 And then he was in that moment.
 I think I saw it in a few more escapes.
 So this is where my lecturer system will be able to sweep it
 and say he did not escape.
 I looked up modern Aussie police.
 Oh, yeah.
 It might be interesting to see what they're up to.
 So there's a town in Queensland called Birdsville.
 And it's amazing.
 So it has one police officer.
 And it's Birdsville and the surrounding region.
 And his jurisdiction is the same size as the United Kingdom.
 Wow.
 It's 93,000 square miles.
 Wow.
 What does he do?
 He drives around.
 He drives a lot.
 [LAUGHTER]
 A lot of mileage expenses, yeah.
 So because it's a tiny town.
 It says the population signs say the population is 115
 plus or minus 7,000.
 Because there's a horse race in September,
 which brings a lot of tourists.
 So almost all year it's 115, and then September is 7,000.
 And Buzzfeed wrote this huge long piece all about him,
 and they interviewed him.
 And the piece says about Birdsville.
 If you want to buy a coffee, you have one option,
 the Birdsville Bakery.
 If you want to visit a restaurant,
 you have one option, the Birdsville Hotel.
 If you want to see a film or live music,
 you are in the wrong town.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Well, he's not getting re-employed by the tourist
 department for Birdsville.
 What are you saying?
 As I was Googling all this stuff and Googling Australia,
 I found something that I just want to share,
 even though it's not really on topic.
 And it was a new story that a 21-year-old Australian
 has been labelled the unluckiest man in Australia,
 after he was bitten by a spider on the penis
 for the second time in five months.
 [LAUGHTER]
 It was his first visit to a portable toilet
 since his last encounter with a spider.
 [LAUGHTER]
 It was the same spider.
 It saw him coming in as well.
 I'm going to get you again.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Oh, my God.
 Oh, my God.
 His family, honestly, it'll be fine.
 It's a $1 billion chance.
 Oh, the worst thing, I mean, this is so sad.
 But he went to the hospital, and all the nurses
 remembered him from the last time.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Should we move on to what you think is just what
 the Aussie police these days have to deal with.
 I just looked up recent Australian crimes.
 And there was one who was a man who was a drunk driver
 who started driving laps around the car park
 of a Sydney branch of McDonald's after they
 refused to sell him 200 chicken nuggets at 5 a.m. on Remembrance Day.
 He started screaming, I want my effing nuggets.
 I'm going to eff you up.
 He drove around a load of laps before changing his mind
 and asking for 200 hash browns in stakes.
 It was breakfast time.
 Police were called, but before they made a sure rest
 in, the perpetrator had demanded a refund,
 but was unable to remember what he had ordered
 and wanted a refund for.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Not for nothing, did those brave men and women
 sacrifice themselves?
 Anyway, we hope to be touring Australia again next year.
 OK, it is time for fact number two, and that is Chazinsky.
 My fact this week is that in the first newspaper crosswords,
 the answers did not have to be actual words.
 So this is just this so weird thing.
 I was reading the telegraph released a book of the history
 of its own crosswords, and it talks about their first crosswords,
 which was in 1925.
 And I think that was pretty much the earliest newspaper crosswords
 in the UK was in 1925.
 And you would have clues like, I don't know how much, if one
 knows about cryptic crosswords, I assume everything.
 Stop it, everyone.
 If you've gone an anagram in a cryptic crossword,
 you'll have a word like muddle or mix up, which
 shows you it's an anagram.
 And then you know you've got to mix up the letters.
 But in one of these early crosswords,
 the clue was just a muddled life.
 And the answer was ilf-ilf-e, not a real word, or--
 [LAUGHTER]
 You want to show me its file, and you've just got it wrong.
 It's ilf.
 It's ilf otherwise it didn't work.
 Another one I liked, and this really is for the cryptic fans,
 so apologies, everyone else.
 But this has its tail dislocated.
 It means you take the word this, and you take the tail of it,
 which is the end, which is the s, and you just
 the case it, and put it on the front.
 So the answer was c-thee.
 [LAUGHTER]
 But there was a moral panic about crosswords
 when they were first really popular.
 So the first modern crossword was in a New York world,
 which was a magazine in 1913.
 But in the '20s, they became really popular.
 And in 1924, the New York Times said that they were a sinful waste.
 And they said that the utterly futile finding of words
 was a primitive sort of mental exercise.
 But they added, fortunately, the question
 of whether the puzzles are beneficial or harmful
 is in no urgent need of an answer.
 The craze is evidently dying out fast.
 In a few months, it will be forgotten.
 They also had the libraries of New York
 complained that people doing crosswords were ruining
 libraries because they were coming in and dominating
 all the dictionaries when people who actually wanted
 to use dictionaries were not able to get there to use them.
 So they released a statement saying that the puzzle fans
 swarmed to the dictionaries and encyclopedias.
 So as to driveway readers and students
 who need these books and they're daily work,
 can there be any doubt that the library's duty to protect
 its legitimate readers?
 And it was basically-- yeah, this is the death of libraries,
 because these crosswords--
 As we've just learned, a dictionary is useless to you,
 filling out old crosswords, so what are they doing?
 There was a psychologist from Columbia University
 who said that crossword puzzles-- and this
 was around the same time-- he said the reason they're so
 popular is that crossword puzzles satisfied the 45
 fundamental desires of the human species.
 Not all 45.
 Well, I looked at a longer list of fundamental desires
 I could find, and it included curiosity, which, I think,
 is fair, order, like point things in order about works,
 physical activity, kind of, maybe, romance, no romance.
 I've not in any crossword I've completed.
 No, vengeance.
 Actually, yes, vengeance, as we can see, yeah.
 I think you're doing it wrong.
 And definitely doing it wrong, eating.
 That's what you do at the end.
 That's why they're always on rice paper.
 There was apparently people started writing into zoos
 and demanding of the zookeepers to know a three-letter word,
 which meant a female swan, and things like that.
 Yeah, because back in the day, I guess
 there was no internet to just sort of when you've given up.
 Exactly.
 You just had to write to a zookeeper.
 Yeah.
 That reminds me.
 And there was no internet as well.
 And there was a new story.
 Maybe one of you guys found it.
 I haven't written it down, but it was--
 there was a guy in the UK somewhere,
 and he was doing a crossword.
 He was about 80 years old, but he had the internet.
 It was about five or 10 years ago.
 And the question was, Asian Ass.
 And he decided to look it up on the internet.
 Oh, no.
 And he said, basically, he didn't know this kind of thing existed.
 Although it does rather sound like his wife came down
 and said, what are you looking at?
 Yeah.
 Apparently going through 1,000 crosswords
 to find any clue which might explain it.
 I found a crossword that I really like.
 It's an art piece, which has been displayed in art galleries.
 And it was lent to Nuremberg's Newers Museum.
 And it was up there.
 And a 90-year-old woman went to see it and filled it in.
 And it was worth 68,000 pounds.
 And it is surely worth more when it's completed.
 Well, her argument is it's fine.
 In that case, I've got some crossword books to sell you.
 [LAUGHTER]
 This one's worth a fortune, and it's completely completed.
 It's a pretty good point.
 Yeah, no.
 She only got a couple in before someone noticed
 that she was writing on a bit of art on the wall.
 And so, yeah, so she got in trouble.
 They raised out her contribution to it.
 But she has claimed that she now holds copyright
 because it's a new work.
 She's now a collaborator.
 Right.
 We'll fill through all Avengers.
 You're right, yeah.
 I like-- so crossword setters are always kind of heroes.
 But one of the first ones was Arthur Winn.
 I think he was the first one who set the New York World One.
 And the first crossword puzzle he set to try and convince
 his publishers-- this is the thing worth doing--
 the new type of publishers.
 He-- the word dove appeared twice.
 So it's the first ever crossword.
 You've got the entire dictionary and non-dictionary,
 apparently, at your disposal.
 And he couldn't think of something that wasn't dove
 for that second clue.
 One was at the same clue, or--
 No, one clue was bird, and one was pigeon.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yep, couldn't-- and then the other words were just bizarre.
 It had the word nafe, female surf.
 And then it also had doff as in Homer Simpson.
 Don't know, right?
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 It was the original dove.
 What was the clue?
 It was Homer Simpson's catchphrase.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Wow.
 How do they work, they back in the day?
 And he-- do you know what he published it as?
 It wasn't called a crossword.
 Oh, it was called-- it was called a word cross.
 Yeah, that was the original.
 At some point down the line, we went better the other way, man.
 No, it wasn't that.
 It was a few weeks later.
 It was a mess up in the type setting.
 Really?
 Switched it round to crossword as a guy way.
 And the guy way.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Actually, just on that weird words, there was a guy called--
 an editor called Arthur Maurice, who noticed that the words
 that Americans were using in the late 1920s
 were a lot shorter and had more vowels in them
 than they were before that.
 And he put it down to the crossword craze.
 Basically, he's saying, if you're writing crosswords,
 you need lots of these small words, like Doha or whatever.
 And actually, he noticed that more people
 are using words such as a bet, acute, adept,
 eek, elan, eon, things like that.
 Right.
 So it actually changed the way that people speak.
 What were the four people saying?
 Oh, Zephyr and Oh, Rhythm.
 And I kind of think of a single other word, which is--
 That would only be "Constance."
 It's just like, pal, crystal palace.
 Yeah, crystal palace.
 Crystal.
 I still can't believe they're the longest words
 that your two collective minds can come up with.
 Consonance.
 Just loads of consonants.
 Could a consonant have been heavy?
 Please, the floor of the walls.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Latch, don't.
 Don't help her with crosswords at the moment.
 You're not allowed to use crosswords at the moment.
 It's drink-neen.
 Right, surely.
 [INTERPOSING VOICES]
 You're right.
 Lots of setters have their own characteristics,
 and they all have their own not-powers.
 But their own ideas are really--
 I really don't understand the Marvel movies, do you?
 I thought it was so little crossword action in the later one.
 I'm tempted not to go back.
 There are a few than a hundred professional crossword
 setters in the UK, for me three reasons.
 It's quite a niche thing to be doing.
 But there is one setter called Mark Bremen.
 And this year, he launched what he said
 was the hardest in the world.
 He estimated that it would take two years to complete.
 He said, I'm not saying that this crossword cannot be completed,
 because, of course, it can.
 But nonetheless, it is finitially tough
 and significantly harder than anything
 I've ever compiled before.
 Based on the feedback of other compilers who have seen it
 or tried it, mine is about 100 times harder.
 If that description is indeed correct,
 then it stands to reason that it would
 take the average enthusiast a hundred times longer to solve it.
 This amounts to 100 weeks or just over two years.
 It was solved within two hours.
 [LAUGHTER]
 He hadn't even finished that speech.
 [LAUGHTER]
 To be honest, I lost faith in him when he said,
 it amounts to 100 weeks or just over two years.
 [LAUGHTER]
 That's when he knows he's got some miscalculations going on.
 The guy he solved it said, some of the clues were definitely
 tricky, but two years would be a stretch.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Just on the question setters, the New York Times
 had quite a fun run last year of a whole year
 of celebrity question setters.
 So Bill Clinton wrote a crossword for them.
 And my favorite one, Weird Al Yankovich wrote one.
 If you guys remember Weird Al Yankovich, he wrote one.
 So his was mainly filled with cheese-based puns.
 So he, like, answers that were allowed with fetter attraction
 and a few good men.
 Yeah.
 But interestingly, they set rules to it.
 So he was disqualified when he tried to get a clue
 in where the answer was, fondue the right thing.
 And they said, we have strict cheeses
 that you're allowed to use in this crossword.
 And fondue is not a cheese.
 It's a style.
 So if you're doing a cheese crossword,
 you have to really stick within the cheese category.
 Yeah, it has to be just a cheese, I guess, within the word.
 Yogg, that's mostly consonants.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Didn't know you were still playing that game.
 I'm going to be playing it all the way home, eh?
 It is time for fact number three, and that is Andy.
 My fact is that in the German Renaissance,
 it was briefly fashionable for women
 to have themselves painted as a biblical character halfway
 through decapitating a man.
 So there's this biblical story, which is of Judith and Halophanes.
 I think that's how it's pronounced.
 But he's dead, so it doesn't matter.
 There's a biblical story of Judith and Halophanes.
 And Halophanes is a very brutal general who
 is about to destroy Judith's home city.
 And he's outside the city.
 She is a widow, and he lets her into his tent
 because he fancies her, basically.
 And she comes in, and she gets him drunk.
 He passes out, and she decapitates him.
 And she takes the head away in a basket.
 So she's quite a heroic figure.
 This is Old Testament stuff, obviously.
 And there was an artist in the German Renaissance
 called Kranach, Lucas Kranach, the elder.
 And he painted eight different versions of this scene.
 So loads of artists have painted it.
 Caravaggio did it.
 Dozens and dozens of artists have painted it over the centuries.
 But there are at least eight different tutors that he painted.
 And they're all wearing modern dress.
 And they've all got completely different looks.
 And we now believe that several different women
 in the Saxon court commissioned paintings of themselves
 halfway through to capitating a man.
 That's so cool.
 And we should clarify, when you say modern dress,
 you mean the modern dress of the time?
 No, no, no, no.
 I mean, they were in modern 21st century power business suits.
 That's-- it speaks to sort of a burgeoning angry feminism,
 doesn't it, that women have suddenly gone,
 God, I'm allowed to be painted to capitating somebody.
 Brilliant.
 And this, just for anyone who thinks they don't recognize this
 from the Bible, it's not in the Protestant version
 of the Old Testament that people use.
 It is in the Catholic version.
 And most people think that it's--
 I mean, what they think of the whole Bible, I don't know.
 But everyone knows that this is non-historical.
 And some people have called it the first historical novel,
 because it's so obviously not true,
 because there's a lot of anachronisms
 and, you know, nebuchadesses in here.
 Andachronisms, she's wearing a wrist watch at one point.
 It doesn't stack up.
 A seven-four, seven flew over her, and this is implausible.
 Did you know, just speaking of a fashion in art,
 a fashion in art for painting Mary Magdalene,
 covered in hair from head to toe?
 No.
 This is so weird.
 Well, like a big foot.
 Yep.
 She looks like a Yeti.
 And this is a trend in medieval art,
 pictures of Mary Magdalene, a covered in hair.
 And it's because she was sort of often referred
 to as having very long hair, and it sort of covered her
 genitals sometimes in art.
 And it seemed to grow out of that in some versions
 of the telling of her story.
 It was that after Jesus died, then she became a desert hermit
 and repentant of her prostitution and stuff.
 And she stopped caring about her parents at all,
 so all of her clothes fell off eventually.
 And then a sort of a mercy god covered her in hair.
 And there were these paintings of her all over medieval art.
 And she looks like a Yeti.
 I don't know.
 She's covered in hair, head to toe,
 but with a face of skin.
 That's so weird.
 And also they used to paint Moses with horns, didn't they?
 They did.
 And they reckon that that was maybe a mis-translation or something?
 Yeah, they thought it was a Bible mis-translation
 because it was describing him coming down the mountains.
 And so they were doing it purely out of we think
 that this is what was written.
 So there's a word that is Karen, like the name Karen.
 And in Hebrew it can either mean horn or ray of light.
 So he came down with a ray of light in the Bible,
 but some guy misread it and just went,
 "I probably had horns."
 There is a painter called Daphne Todd.
 And she is a modern portrait painter.
 And she revealed a few years ago that she was commissioned
 to paint someone who was extremely rude
 and extremely uncooperative all the way
 through the portrait painting process.
 And as a result, she has given that man a pair of horns
 in the painting and then painted over it with his hair.
 But in 50 or 100 years' time, it's going to be revealed
 that this guy has horns in the painting.
 So other fashions from Renaissance time.
 The Chalping or Chalping, it was a platform shoe
 that they wore, especially around Venice.
 And the idea was, you are it over your shoes
 because the ground was terrible.
 There was loads of poo around them, loads of mud and stuff like that.
 You don't want it on your shoes.
 You don't want it on your dress.
 And so they got these nice high platforms.
 But then it kind of turned out that the higher you got,
 the better your status was.
 And they got higher and higher and higher and higher.
 And eventually, they were getting examples
 that were over 20 inches high platform shoes in Venice.
 So just to put that into context, that would put Anna,
 if you wore them, three inches taller than LeBron James,
 a basketball player.
 [LAUGHTER]
 But it is so hard to run up a basketball court in 20 years.
 OK, it is time for our final fact of the show.
 And that is James.
 OK, my fact this week is that mice can't hear their own footsteps.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Now, is this because they are quite deaf,
 or because they walk very quietly?
 It's because they're selectively deaf.
 So there is a noise that happens when a mouse walks.
 And in theory, it could hear it.
 But its brain just goes, now I'm not going to listen to that.
 And it just turns it off.
 And it could be that this is true of actually all animals.
 And maybe a few humans as well.
 Like if you walk down the street, you don't really
 notice your own footsteps.
 But let's say you're walking on some gravel
 or some leaves or something, you might hear it.
 And this is a new study that's recently
 been done by Janani Sundarajan and Richard
 Muni at Duke's School of Medicine.
 And what they did was they put little buttons
 on the bottom of a mouse's feet.
 And so as it went to long, it just made little--
 beep, beep, beep, beep, beep.
 Wow.
 It's like a little beeping noise.
 Like, you know that movie big when he's on the keyboard.
 Isn't it like that?
 But it was the same note every time.
 And they checked the brain of the mouse.
 And they realized that it could hear this--
 it's reacting to this noise.
 But then as it went on after a week or two,
 it wasn't reacting to it anymore.
 I bet the other mice were still reacting to it.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And what they found was is that basically the mice
 had been trained to just not listen to the sound anymore.
 And it's just natural in their brains.
 And the ones which had got used to this sound,
 they were much better than other mice at reacting to predators.
 So if you had like a cat paw come in to get them.
 The ones who couldn't hear their own footsteps
 could get out of there.
 But the ones who could hear them would pot off.
 They reckon that this maybe is why humans, possibly,
 not the animals, can't hear your own footsteps.
 Yeah.
 I guess the human brain is very good at zoning stuff out
 that is for pieces, right?
 Yeah, so if you're a heavy breather, for instance,
 you wouldn't necessarily know you were a heavy breather.
 Everyone else would know that you were doing it,
 but you wouldn't necessarily know what--
 I mean, the people you were phoning up would know, wouldn't they?
 Yeah, I mean, like you would know if you were a heavy breather,
 wouldn't you?
 And then you would know.
 Yeah.
 Oh, what are you--
 sorry, what are you saying?
 You were an extremely heavy breather.
 That's not a heavy breather.
 We don't need to go into it now.
 No, we're normal breather.
 You're fired.
 It's very distracting in the office.
 But yeah, I think that's it.
 Can I just ask for the--
 just to make sure I get this clear.
 So by cancelling out the noise, it means
 that every other dangerous noise is amplified,
 and they don't cross fire with their own noise.
 Yeah, not amplified so much as you're just easier to hear
 because you're not being constantly
 annoyed by the sound of your own footsteps.
 Yes.
 So this is the thing with conversation in humans.
 As in when your-- it's why it's quite tricky to develop
 really good, kind of artificially intelligent hearing
 implants is because listening to the human brain
 has an amazing ability to identify a voice in a lot of other noise.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, but it does get harder when you've
 got a human voice against the background
 of a lot of other human voices.
 So this gets called the cocktail party problem,
 where it's quite hard to focus on an individual voice.
 And which gets worse with age, as we know.
 So one's parents will not be able to be in a loud room.
 But the cocktail party problem is--
 It does feel like you've just stopped them from being in a loud room.
 You wouldn't enjoy it.
 Andy's in there.
 He's breathing.
 You just--
 [LAUGHTER]
 You could see pins and things going flying
 past with my huge breath.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And the cocktail party effects was described
 by both someone called Colin Cherry.
 I think it was in the '50s or the '60s, possibly the '60s.
 And the way he tested it was, he played two sentences
 to the study participants, one in one ear and one in the other ear.
 And he told them to listen to only one of them.
 So he told them which one to listen to.
 And then he'd ask some questions about each sentence.
 And it was the case that the one they hadn't
 been told to listen to, they couldn't really tell him anything about it.
 To the extent that if the other voice,
 the other sentence in their ear, was in a different language,
 they very often hadn't even noticed that.
 So that's how good we are at zoning out the stuff we're not
 supposed to be listening to.
 Yeah.
 And this is also called that because I think this is right
 that you hear, if someone says your name,
 you kind of just hear that really, really loud
 if you're in a cocktail party.
 Or in fact, very bad advice for a cocktail party.
 A discovery that was made recently,
 if someone speaks who you love, then you'll hear them.
 So they did this study where they
 exposed people to a lot of peripheral sound.
 And then they have someone they don't
 know say something to them.
 And then they have their spouse say something to them.
 And people are much, much better at understanding
 and hearing what their spouses said.
 Hang on, sorry.
 Do we know what the reason for that is?
 Is it just--
 They haven't speculated.
 It's quite new, but I--
 Evolutionally?
 Maybe.
 Yeah, that makes a lot of sense, because the one
 you want to reproduce with, so--
 They are going home.
 [LAUGHTER]
 It's important to get that message when it comes to you.
 Plants can hear themselves being eaten.
 What?
 That is dark.
 Yeah.
 Hang on.
 Think about that halfway through your next salad.
 They can sense the vibrations caused
 by, for example, a caterpillar eating their leaves.
 Yeah, so I think, for instance, let's say
 there's a plant being eaten by a caterpillar.
 They can sense it, as you say.
 And then they'll give off some defense.
 Exactly.
 So scientists tested this by putting
 some caterpillars on a cabbage plant.
 They recorded the sounds of the caterpillars going,
 ow, ow, ow, ow.
 And then they played--
 [LAUGHTER]
 That was a lot of that.
 That was a really good impression.
 Yeah, I thought it was.
 I think you're going to be on the audio book of the very
 hungry caterpillar.
 [LAUGHTER]
 But what's with the caterpillar's breathing problem
 in this audio book?
 [LAUGHTER]
 Is this the very asthmatic caterpillar?
 It's the very sexy caterpillar we like.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Did you get to the end of that?
 No.
 They put the caterpillars on a cabbage plant.
 They recorded the sounds of the meeting.
 And then they played the vibrations back
 to a group of plants who were not actually
 being eaten by caterpillars.
 And those plants heard those vibrations,
 and they thought, I'm being eaten.
 Wow.
 So I don't know if your actual salad
 will be able to detect and protect itself.
 I think the salad is generally dead.
 Yeah.
 Although, like a carrot, for instance,
 a carrot often can be alive when you eat it,
 and you can see that by the fact that if you cut the top off
 and then put it in some water, it'll grow.
 So yeah, that could do.
 I have a fact about the relationship between your eyes
 and your ears.
 When you move your eyes, your ear drums move too.
 And we don't know why.
 So if you sit where you are, and you just look straight ahead
 of you, and you flick your eyes left and right, OK?
 Your ear drums are rotating with your eyes.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 And no one knows why.
 And this is the amazing thing.
 The ear drums actually move 10 milliseconds before your eyes do.
 What's that?
 So the brain is saying--
 No, they're controlling the eyes.
 The brain is saying, well, they're not controlling it.
 The brain's controlling everything.
 But the brain says, I'm going to move the eyes.
 So ear drums, please get into position.
 Can I not trick it, and so just like--
 [LAUGHTER]
 Because you are--
 I don't know if you're clever than your own brain.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I reckon James thinks he is.
 [LAUGHTER]
 That is amazing.
 He has been holding me but my whole life.
 [LAUGHTER]
 OK, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we have said over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Streiberland.
 Andy.
 @AndruHondaM.
 James.
 @JamesHarkin.
 And Shazinski.
 You can email podcast@QI.com.
 Yep.
 Or you can go to our group account, which
 is @NoSuchThing or a website.
 NoSuchThing is a fish.com where you can find everything
 from upcoming tour dates.
 You can find our book, link to our book.
 You can listen to all of our previous episodes.
 And actually, we're about to give away a copy now.
 So, James, have you got our winner?
 No, he doesn't.
 No, he doesn't have a house.
 Oh, Anna.
 OK.
 So there's a great fact that there was a British man
 who changed his name to Tim--
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 --a price just so telemarketers would have trouble pronouncing it.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Thanks.
 That's awesome.
 You nailed it.
 OK, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 We'll see you again next week.
 Good bye.
 [CHEERING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
