 (upbeat music)
 - Hello and welcome to another episode
 of No Such Thing as a Fish,
 a weekly podcast coming to you
 from multiple undisclosed locations across the globe.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I am sitting here with Anna Tyshinski, Andrew Hunter Murray
 and James Harkin.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days
 and in a particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, that is Anna.
 - My fact this week is that in 1950,
 a ballet was performed at the Waldorf Hotel
 where the main characters were protons, electrons,
 neutrons and a Geiger counter.
 - Lovely.
 I have a question.
 I reckon it's hard to see an electron
 even if you're on the front row,
 you're gonna struggle to see an electron doing a plie.
 - Have you seen those ballet sort of little telecopies
 you sometimes get at the ballet
 where you put a coin in the slot and you can get a thing out?
 It's like that, but everyone gets a--
 - Electron microscope.
 - Electron microscope.
 - 15 million times magnifying, yeah.
 - Got it.
 - Yeah, everyone had that.
 It was a very expensive place put on.
 No, this sits on one of those things
 and they were human sized, played by humans.
 And this was reported in Time Magazine
 and it was a story that the founder
 of the Atomic Energy Association of Great Britain
 who was a woman called Muriel Howarth
 was putting on isotopia, which was a ballet
 and the article goes on to describe or review it
 saying it was 13 bosomy women girating gracefully
 an ample electron in black lace wound her way
 around two matrons labeled proton and neutron.
 I see because like an electron is like 2000 times smaller
 than a neutron.
 So they didn't get like a very small person
 or a child to be the electron and--
 - It wasn't to scale, no.
 - I'm not sure the casting process was as scientific
 as you would like, James, for this.
 I'm just getting a vibe that you would have some notes
 if you were sitting in as director.
 - I would have notes and they would say,
 James, you can be the electron 'cause you can so negative.
 - It sounds amazing.
 I can't tell even from the review whether it was good
 or not because the person who wrote the review.
 Well, the person says the 250 wrapped ladies,
 that means it's good so far,
 and a dozen faintly bored gentlemen.
 Faintly bored is a stupid thing to add in a review.
 - Sorry, can I also add what you said there
 didn't quite make sense unless you know
 that the word wrapped was spelt R-A-P-T.
 So it wasn't 250 women who are wrapped in,
 like, you know, but were wrapped possibly.
 - They burst out of their gift wrapping
 as the grand finale.
 - And sorry, Dan, when Dan said faintly bored gentlemen,
 he meant bored B-O-R-E-D,
 and not that they were made out of plywood.
 - You see what I mean, it's a confusing review.
 - It's hard, yeah, it's very hard.
 I don't think it's been restaged many times.
 - No.
 - And she wanted it after its debut
 to play at the Albert Hall, which I don't think it did.
 And she said, she's a brilliant woman, Mural Howard.
 I'm sure we're gonna talk more about her now.
 She said she wanted it to be at the Albert Hall,
 so they would have room for all the 92 transmutations
 of the atom, which is like the director's cut version,
 so ambitious.
 And she set up loads of atomic bodies, Mural Howard.
 And this might have been when she was the Institute
 for Atomic Information, or it might have been
 its previous guys, the Ladies' Atomic Energy Club,
 which just sounds like such a...
 - It sounds like a Richard Usman book.
 - It does.
 - It sounds like a cute novel.
 - It really does, yeah.
 - Did you guys know she did a follow-up to this?
 That there was a musical piece, a piano concerto
 that she did as a follow-up to Isotopia.
 Yeah, it was called Atomica.
 And the review of it says it chiefly consisted
 of loud, heavy chords, which indicated atomic bombs
 and springing, tinkling passages,
 which reflected the extreme surprise
 and alarm of the human race.
 - It sounds like what the response would be,
 but not a great advert, 'cause the whole point of it
 was that she was trying to tell the public
 how great atomic energy was.
 So she was employed by Atomic Energy to be its PR man.
 And the aim of this society was to lead women
 out of the kitchen and into the atomic age.
 So she particularly wanted to target women,
 which is why there were all these wrapped women.
 And they're mildly bored husbands, apparently.
 But she was amazing.
 - Yeah, extraordinary. - A self-sort completely.
 She was inspired by reading this Nobel Prize winners book,
 guy called Frederick Soddy.
 And she was inspired by his statement
 that we could transform a desert continent,
 thaw the frozen poles and make the world
 one smiling garden of Eden using atomic energy,
 which weirdly we have now done and it's not that good.
 But yeah, and she taught herself all about the atom
 and then tried to spread the good word.
 - Yeah. - Yeah.
 And atomic gardening was the big thing,
 which is probably why isotopia was so much about food.
 It's like early GM,
 but it's incredibly unscientific ways of doing GM.
 Basically, you plant a load of crops in a circle,
 you put a radioactive source in the middle.
 - When you say radioactive source, sorry,
 we're spelling that-- - Yes.
 - 'Cause that's genuine possible confusion, isn't it?
 I think. - Yeah, I suppose so.
 Yeah, a source of radiation.
 Does that clear it up?
 Not much.
 Anyway, there's some radioactive stuff
 in the middle of the pie chart
 and then all the plants near it--
 - Was this a physical pie? - Or was this like a--
 - Gee, was--
 - Sorry, go on, Andy.
 - Yeah, no one else got any amusing homophones.
 They wanna bust out.
 - When you say homophones.
 - Oh my God.
 (all laughing)
 So you put your gamma radiation right in the middle,
 and the plants that are nearest to the seedlings
 get completely blasted and they just die.
 And then the ones further out get tumors.
 And the ones further out than that,
 on the outer edge of the pie chart,
 get a load of mutations.
 And those mutations might be useful in some ways.
 So they might make the plant stronger
 or they might make it more resistant
 to particular kinds of blight.
 And you just do thousands of experiments
 and they produce thousands of new varieties of plants,
 some of which I think are still in use today.
 The mutations actually worked for agriculture.
 - Absolutely, like the peppermint oil,
 any peppermint oil which you have today,
 which you might think,
 "Well, I don't really have much peppermint oil,"
 but actually it's in loads of foods that you get
 as like a very minor ingredient
 that was invented by atomic gardening.
 It's in toothpaste and stuff like that, for instance.
 But she became famous for inventing
 the world's first atomic peanut.
 Didn't she?
 - Yeah, she made this radioactive peanut,
 which germinated in four days and grew two feet tall,
 which apparently is quite big for a peanut.
 That's a peanut plant, not the peanuts.
 - Yeah, 'cause the peanut itself,
 disappointingly, as I read in the reviews,
 was the size of an almond.
 - Yes, yeah.
 - Which is like--
 - That's a huge peanut.
 In the peanut world, that's big.
 Yeah, absolutely.
 That's double or triple a normal peanut.
 - It is quite good.
 But you do get jumbo peanuts these days,
 which I don't think are irradiated.
 - I want a peanut the size of a person,
 but sorry, ruined it.
 (laughing)
 - If you look at all the pictures
 in the newspapers at the time,
 she's there, a picture of her with her peanut,
 which looks a bit like an almond,
 'cause obviously the pictures aren't great either,
 so you can't really see what she's doing.
 But that was when she first really got in the newspapers
 and became big.
 And then she started trying to do all of these
 publicity stunts of which the ballet was won.
 And one of them was she cooked a roast dinner,
 English roast dinner of beef, vegetables,
 Yorkshire pudding, potatoes, and onions.
 But the potatoes and onions were three years old,
 so they'd been irradiated and they were absolutely fine
 after three years, that was her opinion.
 - It's brilliant.
 - It's so good.
 That must have been revolutionary,
 like time travel cuisine.
 - Yeah, it must have been amazing,
 but apparently it didn't taste of anything.
 - Right, okay.
 - 'Cause once you'd irradiated them
 and kept them for three years,
 any kind of taste in this potato or onion
 had just disappeared completely.
 If you're cooking with onions,
 and they've often been in the back of your pantry
 for a bit of time,
 I mean, do you need to irradiate it
 to serve three-year-old onions?
 I reckon I've probably tried to cook myself
 an onion verging on that.
 You know, and you get the soft bits off,
 and sometimes there's a bit that's salvageable.
 I'm not sure you needed to go through all of that trouble.
 Do you know what I mean?
 - I know exactly what you mean,
 having known you for 15 years.
 - And never come for dinner at my house,
 despite multiple invitations.
 - Another cool thing that she did is that
 she put a message out saying,
 "I need people to help me with this."
 And if you want to get involved,
 get in contact,
 and if anyone did get in contact,
 she sent them seeds through the post.
 And to encourage it,
 she launched the Muriel Howarth Peanut Prize
 to the best mutant things each year.
 But we don't actually know whether or not
 anyone was awarded it,
 because again, it was so hard to find these mutants.
 - Really?
 - Yeah.
 - Wow.
 - I didn't know that.
 - Either that or someone created a mutant plant
 so vicious, it ate all of them.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - The evidence was destroyed.
 She used to carry a potato around in her pocket.
 That wasn't just any potato.
 It was an irradiated potato.
 - Did she?
 (laughing)
 - What?
 - That was a publicity stunt.
 And I-
 - It's not very good publicity if it's in your pocket,
 unless you have a transparent pocket.
 - Well, she had it very obvious,
 and she used to open with a chat-up line,
 "You know, I am not just pleased to see you.
 It's actually an irradiated potato in my pocket."
 (laughing)
 - So, good retention.
 - Have I ever said that in the old days
 of crown green bowling in Lancashire,
 this was at the turn of the 20th century,
 the bowlers would often keep a jacket potato
 in their pockets?
 - Like a hot water bottle?
 - Why?
 - Exactly, yeah.
 - Oh, wow.
 - So it would be to keep your hands warm,
 so you'd have a jacket potato in your pocket,
 and whenever your hands got cold,
 'cause it's always cold in Lancashire,
 you would put your hands in your pocket,
 warm them up, that would be good for the game,
 and then when there was a break in the game,
 you could eat the jacket potato.
 - Wow.
 - There must have been a lot of either, A,
 amusing mishaps where people accidentally threw
 the potato along the pitch,
 or B, a lot of arrests for suspected masturbation.
 (laughing)
 No, it's, we know the potato's in your other pocket,
 but we know that.
 (laughing)
 Can we say on how, there is a fantastic source,
 if you do want to read more about atomic gardening,
 there's a website called atomicgardening.com.
 I think it's run by someone called Paige Johnson.
 - Yes, that's right.
 - Who is kind of the,
 I don't know if she's the official or unofficial,
 but she is the historian on this subject.
 It's so interesting.
 - Definitely.
 - She's just kind of found everything
 about Howarth over the years, and yeah, it's very cool.
 - Yeah.
 - And in fact, one thing she found
 that I couldn't find where she got it from,
 she wrote that Muriel Howarth also patented
 an early picture and sound recording device
 called the talky phone.
 - Did she?
 - Oh.
 - Yeah, she did.
 - She was extraordinary.
 She was a science fiction writer as well.
 She was putting these concertos together.
 She was an all-rounder.
 And I thought the story was gonna end,
 and this is part of the bad branding of nuclear power,
 that, oh, she would have got really ill
 off the back of this and eventually died,
 and that's why we don't do it anymore,
 but that didn't happen.
 This was safe.
 This was safe for her. - I was wondering, Dan,
 do you think that she was so prolific
 because she'd had a bit of radiation in her body?
 Maybe there was a big circle of Muriel Howarth's
 with a radioactive source in the middle,
 and she was just at the right position
 where she got the right blast of radiation,
 and it made her a superhero.
 - That's so exciting.
 I hadn't considered that,
 and that's all I'm gonna take away from this show now.
 - So what's happened to all the other Muriel Howarths
 who are kind of weird, mutant-formed,
 gigantic, or minuscule green?
 - She's eaten them.
 She's eaten them as something to provide flavor
 next to these awful potatoes and onions.
 - They are the bad guys in the Muriel Howarth comic book.
 - Oh, that's such a good idea.
 Wait, and it's called, sorry,
 the comic book is called The Ladies' Atomic Energy Club,
 and it's about all the ladies are Muriel Howarth
 who've been replicated, and they've got different skills.
 One of them's got 19 legs.
 - One writes piano concertos,
 the other writes science fiction novels.
 - Can I just say, it seems like quite often
 we come up with these brilliant ideas,
 but no one at Hollywood has gotten in touch with us yet,
 so maybe they're getting our email wrong or something,
 but it's podcast@qi.com if anyone wants to give us
 a million quits about that.
 - I think that's true.
 I think maybe they assume that we've got them in development
 through our own, obviously, massive production company,
 and they just think, oh, well, those guys have thought
 of whatever stupid thing we've come up with this week.
 This was all kind of the pro atomic energy movement,
 wasn't it, saying, actually,
 this thing was invented for war.
 It's very, very powerful, but it can be used for peace.
 It can provide electricity and power that's much cleaner,
 doesn't cause carbon emissions, all that,
 and I just find it interesting.
 I had no idea how big the early movement was,
 so I read a great interview with a,
 she's a poet, actually, called Deborah Greger,
 and she grew up in a place called Hanford, Washington,
 which is where the Manhattan Project was partly based.
 It was where the first plutonium reactor
 in the world was cited, right?
 And it was such a culture of pro atomic energy.
 High school football team was called the Richland Bombers.
 The cheerleaders for the football team
 had a four foot high nuclear bomb painted
 in the school colors, which they would dance around
 at halftime.
 And this is so cool.
 Once a month, her dad came back from work
 with a case, right, special suitcase,
 and it had two glass bottles in it,
 and his job was to fill the bottles with urine
 and leave them out on the front doorstep.
 - Oh, really?
 - And it was so he could be tested for any,
 if he'd had too much radiation exposure,
 at his job at the power plant.
 - So was there a postman, specifically,
 whose job was to come and collect two vials of urine?
 - I think it may be milkman, though.
 Because you've got the space on,
 if you've dropped two bottles of milk off,
 you've got a space for two urine bottles.
 - Yep, that's it.
 And the milk fairy, the urine fairy, comes around.
 - Yeah, you don't--
 - You don't want to mix up those orders.
 - Yeah, you don't want to.
 - Hang on, I've submitted the full-fat milk
 to the testing facility.
 (laughing)
 - What's up, my colleagues?
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, it is time for fact number two,
 and that is Andy.
 My fact is that, in 1340, at the beginning
 of the Hundred Years' War,
 Edward III challenged King Philip VI of France
 to settle who was the rifle heir to the French throne
 by exposing themselves to hungry lions.
 (laughing)
 - Now, let's go through these words.
 Exposing yourself, can you define that, please?
 (laughing)
 - What a good point, what a good point.
 Sorry, you would basically put yourself in a room
 with a hungry lion, or a cage, or whatever.
 And the idea, obviously,
 a lion will never attack a true king.
 So this was like just a great acid test
 for who's the real king, let's find out.
 - Has anyone told the lion this?
 (laughing)
 - Well, exactly, it's so weird.
 - That is amazing, I wonder, at this stage,
 it's a little bit like the Cold War,
 where you've got two people
 who could mutually kill each other.
 You know, if Philip calls his bluff,
 then they're both dead.
 'Cause they both have to go and stand in front of lions,
 and they're both dead.
 - You're right, and it is lion's plural,
 so it feels like there's gonna be one lion for each of them.
 - Maybe they believe, I think maybe they both go in
 with one lion, and then the lion will have to attack
 one of them first, and then the other one just runs for it.
 Right, it's me, I'm the king, I'm the king.
 (laughing)
 Your servants will try and sneakily rub him with meat
 before you go in, so that's the game as well.
 - Do you think they did that thing
 where boys used to hide their willy in their bum cracks
 so that the lion couldn't see it?
 I don't think the lion is going for the penis, per se.
 - Anna, what do you think the costume choices are for this?
 Why are you...
 (laughing)
 - Oh my goodness, they're exposing themselves to the lions.
 Wait, sorry.
 - I'm sorry, I don't think that's traditionally
 where you put it where you hide it in your bum crack.
 I'm sorry.
 - This is when you're pretending,
 well, I don't know, 'cause I'm not a man,
 but when you're pretending to have a vagina,
 don't you hide it in your bum crack?
 - Between your legs, yeah, I would say more like that.
 - Between your legs was a normal traditional phrase.
 - Yeah.
 (laughing)
 - Anna.
 - You don't actually tuck it in inside your anus.
 (laughing)
 - Can we please get back to the 100 years ago?
 - I'm going to imagine Philip going,
 all right, Edward, fine, we're gonna do it.
 Fine, we're gonna do it.
 Where's the lion?
 It's in that room, fine, okay.
 And then Edward goes, okay, pats off.
 Penis in bum crack.
 (laughing)
 - Can you imagine if we had BBC live news coverage back there?
 Well, they're both in the room.
 (laughing)
 King Edward appears to be doing
 the most curious thing he's kinda tucking his,
 pushing his penis into his anus.
 (laughing)
 Anna, Anna.
 - I don't know what I've done and I'm so sorry.
 - I'm sorry, this is horrible.
 Right, can we get back to the horrific conflict
 which killed thousands and, you know, lasted a century?
 - I just got a quick question.
 Did anyone find where this was an idea
 that came from, the idea of those?
 - Yes, sorry.
 Well, it's just a traditional belief of King Lee,
 you know, you're chosen by God.
 So that this, I should say, this fact came in.
 It was based on a fact that was sent by Daniel Parrish
 'cause he heard us talking about scroffula
 and he has done a lot of research into that
 and there's an academic treatise called
 The Royal Touch in Early Modern England by Stephen Brogan
 and both of them did touching for scroffula.
 - Yeah.
 - Both Edward the Third and Philip the Sixth
 touched people who had scroffula
 and hopefully they'd be cured.
 You know, that was the idea of Monarchs
 had the power to do that.
 - Yeah.
 - And that was another of the elements of the challenge
 was that Edward also challenged Philip the Sixth.
 He said, "Look, we can either have trial by combat,
 "we can expose ourselves to lions,
 "or we can have a touch off
 "and we'll just touch as many people
 "as we can for scroffula and whoever wins,
 "who cures the most people, they're the true King of France."
 - Yeah.
 - So it's a way of avoiding this whole war.
 You know, we've got a big dispute
 about who should be in charge of France.
 Let's find out.
 And these were the methods that were proposed.
 - And did Philip the Sixth turn them all down
 and say, "I'd rather just do more than 100 years more."
 - Yeah, he didn't go for it,
 which implies that he sort of knew maybe actually
 he shouldn't be King of France.
 - Yeah, or maybe they should have a King of France
 who doesn't think that lions are just gonna randomly
 not attack you because you're a king.
 (laughing)
 But yeah, 100 years war.
 England being France, more than 100 years.
 I think that's a classic QI thing, right?
 - 116.
 - We're talking roughly. - 116 years.
 But basically, England owned loads of bits of France
 and there was a big old fight
 about how much they should own
 and how much they shouldn't own.
 Is that right?
 - A lot of people in France thought none
 and a lot of people in England thought some.
 - Who actually is England and who is France here?
 Lots of the French dukes sided with the English crown.
 It's all very, it's very confusing.
 - In a lot of ways, France wasn't really
 a coalesced nation until it was over.
 And my theory is that the whole of the 100 years war
 was just about wine
 because it was triggered when Philip the Sixth confiscated
 Aquitaine, which is region that was owned by the English,
 confiscated it from Edward the Third.
 So it was in Gascony and Gascony was crucial to England
 because it contained Bordeaux and it made Claret.
 And England imported so much Claret.
 So by the 14th century, I think Bordeaux
 was sending Britain enough wine for every single person
 in Britain, including children,
 to have six bottles each a year.
 And suddenly Philip the Sixth said,
 "You can't have that region anymore."
 And the English said, "Well, what are we gonna do
 "about our wine?"
 And that's what caused it.
 And I think that's the most justified cause for war.
 - 'Cause the Gascons, they were like,
 "Oh, well, we're kind of happy being like friends
 "with the English because they're quite a long way away
 "and you have to get past the Bay of Biscay
 "and over the channel and they're not gonna come
 "and bother us and we don't really want to be friends
 "with these French people who are right next door
 "who might start taxing us more
 "or might start invading us and whatever."
 - I didn't realize, and I'm saying this more
 as someone who doesn't have a good grasp of English history
 and 100 years of war and stuff like that,
 but I didn't realize that in this period,
 French was basically the language of the upper class
 in the UK and English was the working class language.
 And so that's why there was, as you say Anna,
 it was sort of a bit confusing.
 And there was also the inheritance of the crown in France.
 Anyway, it wasn't there with Philip becoming king,
 but he wasn't a direct descendant of the king
 and Charles thought he had a closer connection
 and should be the rightful heir.
 So there was that as well as the wine.
 - Edward thought he had a rightful connection.
 - Sorry, that's what I meant.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - I think that's true, actually.
 As in, if you just go straight off
 that whoever's related the most closely,
 Edward was definitely the most closely related.
 But the French barons, they wanted Philip
 because he was one of them, really.
 That was a thing.
 But Edward's lineage came through his mother
 who was Isabella the she-wolf of France.
 - She's incredible.
 - Why would you not want someone who's called
 Isabella the she-wolf to be the mother of the king?
 Well, you know.
 - Well, Isabella was the one who,
 she was Edward's mother,
 but she had overthrown his father, her husband,
 Edward II, possibly thanks to shoving
 a red hot poker up his arse.
 - That probably not really.
 - Probably not, but definitely due to her
 picking up a lover, Roger Mortimer,
 and deciding to take over England.
 - Was the red hot poker up the arse
 a, that was an aggressive thing, an enjoyable thing?
 - It might have been enjoyable
 at the very beginning of the situation,
 but certainly by the end, he wasn't enjoying it.
 - Right, okay.
 - It's like, isn't that a bit of,
 it's sort of a bit of later homophobic propaganda,
 isn't it, that thing of 'cause--
 - I just think so.
 - 'Cause Edward II took a male lover who was,
 I can't remember his name now,
 but he was-- - Hey.
 - I've just finished David Mitchell's book,
 which goes into great detail about the, you know--
 - Dispenser, Hugh Dispenser, is he called?
 - Hugh Dispenser.
 - I think so.
 - That's a funny name.
 (laughing)
 Oh no, Piers Gavaston.
 - Piers Gavaston?
 He had terrible reflux, didn't he?
 - They were both, oh God,
 I think they were both rumoured,
 certainly rumoured to be,
 basically the problem was that
 Edward II was a big at choosing favourites
 and was very bad at distributing favours
 in a kind of equitable manner,
 so lots of people got very aggrieved about that,
 and clearly then Isabella enters the scene.
 - And the other thing about putting a red hot poker
 of the bum is that it doesn't leave any obvious scars
 unless you take a good old look at the bum.
 So you can kill someone, theoretically,
 and they might think that they died of something,
 an illness.
 - Nah, until you look at the look on their face,
 in death.
 (laughing)
 - I'm surprised that you're a poker truther on this, James.
 - What?
 - I think it's not, I think it didn't happen.
 I think, I mean, Khaliba's bumped off.
 - Oh, sorry, I'm not saying it happened,
 I'm just saying that that is part of the propaganda
 is that they say this is why.
 - There seems to be a through line of arses
 in the Hundred Years War,
 because there was that,
 which fair enough is in the lead up to it,
 there was obviously the original fact,
 and then there was the fact that in 1346,
 so very early on,
 on the way to the Battle of Klesi,
 which was one of the sort of biggest,
 most important battles of the Hundred Years War,
 the Norman soldiers exposed their backsides
 to Edward III's archers,
 and according to reports,
 this pissed off the English so much
 that they basically launched an ill-advised attack.
 - They decided to win the battle instead of...
 (laughing)
 - No, they launched an ill-advised attack,
 which they lost,
 because they were so offended by the bear arses.
 - That's interesting.
 - Sorry, Anna, can I just quickly check?
 When you say there's a lot of arses,
 and you say the original fact,
 are you including your new theory
 that they were shoving their penises up their anus?
 - No, this is too much, no.
 - She said the original fact.
 - I know, it's nothing to do with the original fact.
 This is Anna's first little...
 - It's not, sorry, sorry.
 It's my reading of the original fact
 where they exposed themselves
 in a flashing kind of way, yes.
 - One person in the Battle of Klesi
 was blind King John of Bohemia.
 He was there to support...
 - So he wouldn't have been affected by the mooning,
 to be fair, he was the one person who was immune to it.
 - He was actually on the side of the mooners.
 He was on Philip's side,
 but he'd had a bout of ophthalmia,
 which meant that at the time he couldn't really see anything.
 So he asked two of his knights to be on either side of him,
 while he was sort of strapped to his horse,
 and the two knights went towards the battle
 while he was in between them,
 so that he knew exactly that he was going
 in the right direction.
 - Good Lord, that is very brave.
 King John, you are allowed to sit this one out, it's fine.
 No one will think any less of you
 if you don't fight today.
 - No, no, I'm here now.
 - No, Grace, no.
 - Well, obviously the English won it.
 - Oh, did the English win the Battle of Cressy?
 - Yeah, they did.
 - James, of course the English won the battle, I'm sorry.
 - Auntie, your outrage there is embarrassing.
 You're Scottish anyway, Auntie,
 you should be on the French side.
 - England only won about three battles
 in the Hundred Years' War,
 and they were definitely tilted towards the start.
 It was as in court, Cressy, sluice, sluice.
 - Yeah.
 - Where the French fleet was sunk.
 No, if Britain had just,
 England had just kind of sued for peace
 after the first 30 years,
 they'd had a completely cracking first 30 years to the war,
 and then after the,
 it was kind of gradually all downhill
 for the next sort of 70, 80 years.
 It didn't go well for them after that.
 It is classic.
 - Oh yeah, but Agincourt was a pretty good ending.
 - That was right towards the end.
 It was like a late goal.
 - And I think the French would object to you
 calling Agincourt an ending,
 given that when it did end, it was very much.
 - It was 30 years after the Battle of Agincourt,
 and the French won the whole war over.
 - The Battle of Sluice was interesting
 because this was a naval battle,
 and the English fleet came up,
 and there was,
 they were kind of maneuvering to get to the best angle
 because of the wind and stuff like that.
 And when they were maneuvering,
 the French got entangled with each other,
 all the different boats,
 'cause they were ready,
 but then because it didn't start straight away,
 they kind of all sort of bumped into each other
 and all got really entangled.
 - The French actually chained their boats together.
 Sometimes there seemed to be a tactic that worked,
 but it certainly wasn't in this instance,
 because, as you say, it meant they got entangled,
 so basically a ship couldn't go to the aid of another ship
 'cause they were literally attached together.
 It was like doing a three-legged race,
 but with 100 people all attached to each other in the race.
 - It's a bit like playing foosball.
 It's like, it's fine.
 As long as the ball is right next to one of your players,
 you can spin around and kick it,
 but as soon as the ball goes anywhere,
 not near your players, you're fucked.
 - And that's why football teams
 tend to not chain themselves together, isn't that right?
 I don't watch a lot, but that is, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 I like this theory, okay, there's a theory
 that actually the Hundred Years War
 really lasted from 1066 until 1904.
 Just a millennium of Anglo-French conflict
 happened basically, kicking off, obviously,
 with the Battle of Hastings,
 and then the 1904 was when the Entente-Cordial agreements
 were signed between England and France,
 which really bonded them very closely together.
 - Yeah. - There was so much conflict, you know.
 - Do you think, Andy, like, obviously we are allies now,
 but there were peace treaties signed
 all over those thousand years,
 and there's no reason to think that in 500 years
 there won't be another battle between England and France.
 So in that case, with the Hundred Years War,
 go on for the rest of the day.
 - You think this might be a long lull?
 - That's what I was thinking, yeah.
 - I hope, oh gosh, I do hope not, 'cause I love France.
 - Yeah, me too.
 - But look, it's possible.
 - I actually like it a little bit too much,
 and I'm thinking that, you know,
 that area around Bordeaux is very nice.
 - Do you think maybe, James,
 you might actually have a claim to Gascony?
 - I do drink a lot of wine.
 - You might, you know.
 - Just give it a try.
 A little foray, never hurt anyone.
 - Okay, it is time for fact number three,
 and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that Buzz Aldrin's dad
 once got so angry that his son wasn't featured
 on a US post stamp commemorating the moon landing
 that he went and stood outside the White House
 holding a placard that read, "My son was first too."
 So it's the ultimate embarrassing dad move.
 - It is demented.
 This is such a weird thing to do.
 - Why?
 I just think, take the win.
 That your son has been the second man
 to walk on the moon, just, he's not on the stamp.
 - Who cares?
 - It's odd, but I actually think so.
 Buzz Aldrin's dad, Edwin Aldrin Sr.,
 the buzzer's real name is Edwin, he's a junior.
 I have a bit of sympathy for him
 because I think basically he is
 one of the most extraordinary characters
 that we've had in relation to airplanes and rockets
 and so on.
 This is a guy who was literally buddies with Orville Wright,
 knew the Wright brother.
 He marries a woman who is with us.
 - The Wright brother.
 You can't say the Wright brother.
 It's either the Wright brothers or A Wright brother.
 - He is A Wright brother.
 - The other one's the wrong brother.
 - So he's buddies with Orville Wright of the Wright brothers.
 He happens to be flying with a guy
 who's surname is Moon.
 He marries a woman who is called Marion Moon.
 His son then goes on to stand on the moon,
 but really he's also kind of the reason
 that we got to the moon.
 It's because he was very good friends
 with a rocket engineer called Goddard, right?
 Goddard is the one who basically got us to the moon.
 He's the one who was so key to inventing
 the rocket power that we needed to get there
 and he didn't have funding.
 And that was a huge problem.
 So Edwin Aldrin Sr., he knows him
 because he studied under Goddard
 and he's also an influential guy in that world.
 He sets up a meeting with Lindbergh,
 first to fly the Atlantic,
 in which he basically says,
 are you able to get Goddard the funding
 that he needs in order to go on?
 He goes to the Guggenheim Foundation
 and manages to get the money.
 So Edwin Aldrin Sr. literally made the funding happen
 in order for us to get to the moon.
 So I can see why he's pissed off
 'cause he's literally the linchpin to all these elements.
 - I know what you mean, Dan,
 but you've introduced him in this section
 as the guy who stood with a placard
 as an embarrassing dad.
 - It's definitely an embarrassing dad move,
 no matter what, but I can see his reasoning.
 - No, come up with something better,
 like my son was there too,
 or my son also went to the moon.
 He said my son was first too.
 It's the only thing that's not true.
 - Can I just say, this is in 1969, right?
 The stamp is issued.
 Aldrin himself clearly was a bit
 narked about it because he had to go
 to the unveiling of the stamp.
 Aldrin wrote in his memoir,
 "I smiled rather weakly when I first saw the stamp,
 "though it was a bittersweet honor."
 I mean, come on.
 Michael Collins' thoughts about this are not registered.
 Michael Collins is nowhere even near this stamp.
 Didn't kick up half the fuss.
 Also, it's not Neil Armstrong on the stamp, right?
 You are not allowed to commemorate the living on stamps.
 So logically, it can't be Neil Armstrong on this stamp.
 - So is it not like a famous image of him?
 - I think it's a drawing of a photo.
 - It's a drawing of the photo.
 - A drawing.
 - At some point between the photo and the drawing,
 Neil Armstrong has been replaced by a generic man.
 And this got controversial when they released
 an anniversary stamp some years later,
 'cause many thought that it portrayed Armstrong and Aldrin,
 who were alive at the time,
 and that has two astronauts on it facing the camera.
 But they've got the helmets up with the visor
 so you can't see.
 - And the US Postal Service never admitted to breaking the law
 forbidding the portrayal of living people.
 They just said these are generic astronauts
 to commemorate these two people who were real,
 who landed on the moon.
 It's such a fudge.
 - It's definitely a fudge
 when you've literally drawn a picture of a specific person.
 Yeah, I would say that Edwin's at least justified in that.
 - I read an article that was in the newspaper archives
 that came out the weekend after they landed on the moon,
 where they spoke to all the families and stuff like that.
 And we've said before that Buzz had communion on the moon.
 But I didn't know this.
 At the same time as he was taking communion on the moon,
 in his church back home,
 they were taking the same communion
 with the same bit of bread.
 - No.
 - So the priest had gotten this big bit of bread
 and broken a bit off and given one piece of it to Buzz.
 And at the exact same time-ish,
 they did their own communion.
 And the priest said, "This loaf is not complete.
 "Now we shall commune with him.
 "He is one of us."
 And they're referring to Buzz.
 And they had to get extra seats in the church
 because so many people wanted to come to this communion.
 And they all had Bibles donated by Buzz
 that were inscribed with his mother's name
 'cause actually Buzz's mother died
 before he got to the moon.
 - It was the year before, wasn't it?
 - Yeah, it was May 1968.
 And she took her own life.
 And according to Buzz, the reason that she did that
 is because she couldn't handle the stress of the fame
 and notoriety that he was gaining
 from being an astronaut that was going to the moon.
 He says it was mixed with other stuff,
 but that was a big factor.
 What a weird thing to take with you
 as you're about to go off to the moon,
 that you lost your mom for the reason of the mission.
 - Yeah, Marian Gladys Moon was her name.
 And it was 'cause he'd done the Gemini mission.
 So he was actually super famous
 before he went to the moon off the back of that.
 And sweetly, Buzz Aldrin did,
 I realized kind of looking into him,
 he's always mentioning the fact
 that his mother's maiden name was Moon.
 I suppose you would, because it's an incredible fact,
 but he does in any autobiography or interview,
 or anything like that, he will say, or he'll tweet it
 and say, yep, mother's maiden name was Moon.
 Who would have thought?
 - Yeah, and he was in this newspaper article that I read,
 he was called the World Spacewalking Champion, they said.
 And the other person on the moon is Buzz Aldrin,
 the World Spacewalking Champion.
 (laughing)
 - Not the first though, was he?
 - He wasn't the first on the moon.
 - He'd spent five hours outside Gemini 12,
 which meant that he'd been out in space on his own
 for longer than any other person.
 I think Leonov was the first, wasn't he?
 - Just back to the moon and families for a second,
 there was a lot of stuff that was left on the moon,
 which was related to the family members of the astronauts.
 Some initials were sort of put into the moon dust
 that will be sitting there for many, many, many, many years
 unless they're disturbed by future missions
 or meteorite hits or whatever.
 There was a photo that was left of one of the families.
 So all these little beautiful little mementos.
 And there's actually, and I hadn't heard of this before,
 but there is a mystery about Neil Armstrong and the moon.
 And that is a missing 10 minutes
 where Neil went off-coms and stood by a crater
 just for 10 minutes on his own.
 And there's a lot of, there's a lot of conjecture
 about what he did in that 10 minutes.
 - I reckon he put his penis into his bubble.
 (laughing)
 Stop, I've walked around and said,
 "I'm the first woman on the moon."
 (laughing)
 - I think he just felt the hot jacket potato
 he brought with him in his space suit
 and warmed his hands up on that cold landscape.
 - I think he stared into outer space
 and surveyed the enormity of what he was achieving
 and representing, okay?
 And stuck his penis in his bum crack.
 (laughing)
 - Oh my God.
 - Yeah, no, so there's a,
 it's to do with family is one of the biggest theories,
 which is the fact that he very tragically lost a daughter
 who was two years old at the time.
 And there was a bracelet that he had with her name on it.
 And the thought is, is that he left that on the moon.
 He chucked that into the crater.
 And James Hansen, who is the official biographer
 of Neil Armstrong, desperately tried to prove this.
 And he could never get it out of Neil,
 whether or not it happened.
 His family sort of said, "I hope it happened,"
 but they weren't quite sure themselves.
 And so it's remained an unanswered question.
 - When the moon landing happened,
 there was a protest in America at the same time,
 not by Buzz Aldrin's father,
 but by 25 families, African-American families
 who walked to Kennedy Space Center
 because they said it was a distorted sense
 of national priorities that America was going to the moon.
 Because at the time,
 the poverty rate for African-Americans was 31%.
 And for black people living on farms, it was 62%.
 And so they said, "Well, why are you spending all this money
 on the space race when you have people living in poverty
 in your own country?"
 And the Victoria Maris,
 who was the head of the poverty program in Michigan,
 she said that the Apollo project was akin to a man
 who has a large family.
 They have no shoes, no clothing, no food,
 and the rent is overdue, but when he gets paid,
 he runs out and buys himself another set of electric trains.
 - Oh, slam on people who just enjoy some nice train.
 (laughing)
 I got to say, I sympathize with that guy getting his trains.
 - But you've got to stop keeping your wife
 in poverty, Andy, there's no reason.
 (laughing)
 - And the New York Amsterdam News,
 which was one of the leading black newspapers at the time,
 had the headline, "Yesterday, the moon, tomorrow, maybe us."
 So it wasn't, and actually the space program--
 - Oh, what, they'll be spending money on us?
 - Yeah, precisely.
 And actually until 1969,
 pretty much the space program wasn't universally liked.
 In fact, possibly not even 50% liked in America,
 'cause a lot of people were like,
 "Well, why are we wasting money on this
 when there's problems at home?"
 And it was really only when everyone,
 when they walked on the moon,
 that the kind of opinion changed in America.
 - Yeah, there's a really nice description.
 One of the best books ever,
 I think about the Apollo missions is a book called "Moon Dust",
 if anyone is interested in this subject,
 listening by Andrew Smith,
 and he talks about all these protests,
 and sort of the reaction,
 literally as the rocket was going into space,
 the mood changed,
 everyone suddenly was on board in support of it,
 not everyone, but large groups that were protesting,
 suddenly just couldn't help,
 but see the majesty of what we were doing as humanity.
 So yeah, it's pretty amazing.
 - So we know on the side of your falling on Dan,
 you think send money to the moon missions
 rather than people in poverty, okay.
 - I think send poor people to the moon.
 That's how we just put them off Earth and we'll be fine.
 - Interesting, oh, I see.
 I was gonna say, interestingly,
 that was kind of how the Soviets chose their cosmonauts
 is that they tried to find people
 who were born into poor backgrounds.
 'Cause obviously it was very,
 yeah, it was very good with their narrative,
 which was, you know, we're all together,
 and if you grew up on a communal farm,
 then you're just as good as anyone else in the country.
 - I thought you were gonna say, obviously it was very easy,
 which it would have been in the Soviet Union
 at that time to find people with poor backgrounds, but.
 - Certainly was, true.
 Gagarin was born,
 Yuri Gagarin, who was the first man in space,
 was born in a town called Gagarin.
 - Oh.
 - But it was named after him after his death.
 (both laughing)
 But yeah, he was brought up on a collective farm,
 and his mother had been a factory worker in World War II,
 and this was like a perfect sort of background
 for a cosmonaut.
 Toreshkova, Valentina Toreshkova,
 who was the first woman in space,
 she was born in a town which has a population of nine.
 - Wow. - Wow.
 - Do we call it a town? - Wow.
 - Yeah, it's officially a town.
 - Wow. - But she was working
 in a textile mill. - Really?
 - And eventually did some correspondence courses,
 and then became a cosmonaut.
 So they really wanted to get people
 from other backgrounds into space.
 - I'm really interested that you said that,
 'cause it certainly is interesting.
 Researching cosmonauts and astronauts
 is striking how all the astronauts from America
 at the time had quite similar upbringings,
 very successful parents,
 often in the aeronautical industry.
 All Soviet cosmonauts were quite gritty upbringings.
 I mean, Gagarin and his family
 lived in a three meter square mud hut during the war
 because their property was taken over by Nazis.
 On the one hand, Gagarin rebelled against the Nazis
 who were occupying his land,
 and he used to pour soil in the Nazi soldiers' tank batteries
 and kind of mix up their chemicals to foil their plans.
 And then I was reading that later on,
 when he was famous, a famous cosmonaut,
 he got a scar on his forehead,
 which you can see in later pictures.
 And it's from 1961 when he was on holiday
 with his wife and a bunch of other people,
 and they were playing cards.
 And he said, I'm going to bed,
 his wife said, I'm just going to finish this hand.
 You know, I'll be there in a sec.
 He used this spare time to go into the hotel room
 of one of the other women who was a nurse
 who was staying in the hotel, tried to check her,
 and then his wife walked down the corridor
 having finished her hand a couple of minutes later,
 saying, where are you, Yuri?
 And so he legged it off the balcony
 of this nurse's room to escape,
 split his head open on the tarmac.
 And that's the glorious story of the first Russian
 in space's scar.
 - Amazing. - How do I get this?
 Fighting Nazis, actually.
 (laughing)
 Would you like to talk to an alien,
 assuming that the alien can speak your language
 and your safety is guaranteed?
 - Yes. - Would you like to
 meet an alien? - Yeah, I would.
 - Okay, don't do that, yeah.
 - Is this an offer, Andy?
 - It's not an offer, it's a survey from YouGov.
 This was done last year.
 21% of people said, no, I would not, thank you very much.
 Even if we can speak the same language and I'm safe.
 14% don't know, I don't know.
 - I more can't understand the nose.
 That is absolutely, are they too busy?
 Did we get the reasons?
 - Maybe if you're religious,
 you don't want the answers that are gonna ruin things for you.
 Maybe.
 - Well, there was that, I won't say who it was, Dan,
 but a very famous person who we offered
 to come on the Museum of Curiosity when--
 - When Buzz was on.
 - When Buzz Aldrin came on and Dan emailed them
 and said, would you like, come on,
 you can meet the second person who walks on the moon
 and that person wrote back saying,
 no, I don't really like space.
 - Yeah, not really into space.
 - Can you bleep out and say who it was now?
 (beep)
 - Get out.
 - Yeah.
 - You're going back going, I'm such a nice space,
 not really my thing, but thanks for the offer.
 - I'm staggered, I'm staggered.
 - Yeah, it was incredible.
 - That's shocking.
 - So that person, I reckon probably would be one of the 20%.
 - Yeah.
 - I agree.
 - Dairy-like aliens, not my thing, I'm interested.
 - Yeah, no, thank you.
 (upbeat music)
 Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show
 and that is James.
 - Okay, my fact this week is if you go to the Arctic
 at the right time, you can view huge herds of moss balls
 migrating across the plains.
 - Magnificent.
 - Now, if you do go there to see the migrating moss balls,
 we should say migrating at a speed that you would expect.
 It's probably a bit of a misleading idea.
 These are, if your trip is for seven years,
 you might see it move a good foot or baby.
 - If you're really eagle-eyed,
 they move about an inch a day.
 - Yeah.
 - It's not the quickest migration ever, but you know,
 it's not bad for a moss.
 - It is astonishing as well.
 It is astonishing when you see photos of these things
 and the fact that they herd together
 and they turn left together and they move forward together.
 It's insane.
 - So this is research by a couple of researchers,
 one of whom I was reading about called Tim Bartholomus
 and he described them as bright green in a world of white.
 In the 1950s, when they were first described,
 there was a nice landed guy who called them Glacier mice.
 So that gives you kind of an idea of what they look like,
 but they're bright green.
 And if you look at them, they seem like they're not moving,
 but actually they're very, very slowly moving
 and they all move in the same direction.
 And they don't all move with the wind.
 They don't all move because sunlight is melting bits of ice
 and it's moving them.
 They don't move.
 There's various different theories.
 - Angle of slopes.
 - Yeah, they don't go downhill.
 We don't know why they do it
 and we don't know how they do it.
 And every time we come up with a theory,
 someone disproves it.
 - Aliens?
 Has anyone talked about the aliens?
 - No, actually these are part of the 20%
 that don't really like aliens.
 (laughing)
 - And the other brilliant thing is this scientist,
 one of the ones, Tim Bartholomew,
 I think he's Tim Bartholomew mouse
 and these are Glacier mice.
 - No, that's true.
 - Yes.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - It is actually quite confusing when you read about them
 'cause they're very commonly referred to
 in the few things that have been written about them as mice.
 And so you keep having to remind yourself halfway through
 whatever the New York Times article when it says,
 "And within the mice, it's extremely warm
 "and lots of insects live.
 "They're not actually mice.
 "They're not actually mice."
 - It was the plural of moss.
 - The plural of moss is mice.
 That's the other thing.
 (laughing)
 - Of course.
 - Yeah.
 The guy who discovered these in the '50s,
 John Aetherson, he pointed out that
 rolling stones can gather moss.
 'Cause in the middle of all,
 at the heart of all of these mice,
 there might be a tiny bit of gravel
 or a bit of something that it's formed around
 and the moss has grown around.
 And it's more like you get moss
 that gathers and rolls over stones.
 Actually, really.
 But either way, it's gorgeous.
 They're kind of like little mossy tumbleweed in a way.
 - Yeah.
 - I love the idea, the imagery of the pedestals
 that they sit on.
 If you catch them at the right time,
 let's say you come across a herd,
 they might all be perched up as if they're on plinths.
 Because they're covering a very specific bit of the ice
 with the mossy ball itself,
 the ice will remain because they're insulating it
 or rather keeping it cold.
 So you end up seeing what looks genuinely,
 I think, Anna, to your point,
 like you'd be like, "Is this aliens?
 "What is going on here?
 "Has some weird artist come out here
 "and just carved around these balls
 "and left them for just to find?"
 And one of the thoughts is that then it rolls down the hill
 for what it's created off this pedestal
 and they all roll at the same time.
 - So that was one of the theories.
 But again, this quite recent study
 where they put trackers inside the mice
 kind of disproved this theory of the pedestals.
 Not that they exist 'cause they definitely do,
 but there's something else happening
 because it's not like they're staying in one place
 and then moving.
 They're kind of every day on average moving about an inch.
 - And I love as well that this guy, Bartholomeus,
 he's, the way they tracked it is they just put little bits
 of like small wire around the moss balls
 in different colors so they could see which one was which.
 And he's been going back occasionally to see them,
 but now he doesn't know where they are.
 He's lost his moss balls.
 And that's extraordinary that whole herd
 has gone missing on him.
 - If that moss ball can outrun you,
 then you need to be taking more exercise, Bartholomeus.
 - Can I read you a bit of romantic,
 just a brief romantic passage about these things?
 - Did you write it?
 - No, thankfully, don't worry, I didn't.
 - Okay, then yeah.
 - This is about the other scientists
 in this recent paper who studied these things.
 Sophie Gilbert, she's a biologist.
 And the University of Alaska website says,
 they met in 2006 studying at the Wrangel Mountains Center.
 Right?
 And this is it.
 In this expansive setting of a gorgeous ice plateau
 between high mountains,
 the pair noticed more than just tufts of moss.
 She saw a handsome young leader
 who wanted to solve glacier problems.
 He saw an attractive, worldly biologist
 who loved being outside, powered by flirty energy.
 They started thinking about how to study these moss balls
 and they're married now.
 (laughing)
 - Do you think it was the bowls that made them horny?
 - I don't know what prompted the spark to the romance,
 but I love the idea of proposing with a little moss ball
 that you open up and the ring is in there.
 That would be nice.
 And there's also another guy called Hotterling
 about whom little is related,
 but he's the third scientist involved.
 - There's a woman called Robin Wall Kimmerer
 who I suspect some of you have come across
 who seems to have written this brilliant book about moss.
 I've only read reviews of it,
 but she's sort of the moss pro.
 And she looked a lot at moss traditions
 in the Arctic in this area
 and how people have used it.
 And it's had so many purposes.
 So people would make pillows out of moss.
 There's a specific type of moss
 that was very good for pillows called hypnum moss.
 And the reason it's called that
 is because it was used as a pillow
 and it was thought if you slept on it,
 it gives you special dreams.
 So it's hypnum, like, you know,
 hypnotizing dreams. - Wow, that's cool.
 Do you think that if you got one of these moss balls,
 then, you know, when your pillow gets too warm,
 it can turn itself over?
 - No. - Oh, lovely.
 - So slowly, though,
 you'd have to sit up for five minutes, probably.
 They were used as nappies and sanitary towels,
 which does make sense
 'cause we've talked about hypnum moss before,
 which can absorb 40 times its body weight in water.
 It's pretty good.
 And you could leave that nappy on for a week.
 It's the dream. - Speak to someone
 who's a mother.
 You're fine, you're fine.
 I can't smell anything, you're fine.
 - I got a quiz question for you guys, very quickly.
 Okay, here's the question.
 What color is Oscar the Grouch?
 - Green.
 - Yeah, I'd say green.
 - Brrr, yeah.
 - That's the QI klaxon going there.
 Oscar the Grouch is orange.
 - Is he?
 - So why is he green?
 It's because he's moss. - Oh, it's living in his fur.
 - It's because he's been living in a bin so long,
 he's entirely covered in moss and mold.
 - That's very good.
 - His eye's so grouchy.
 - Yeah.
 So he's officially explained.
 He said the first year I show myself in my true colors,
 which is orange, actually I'm still orange.
 If I ever took a bath, you'd see that.
 This is mold and moss, it makes me happy.
 - Oh, okay, yeah. - Wow, that's so funny.
 - When's a good time for me to ask who Oscar the Grouch is?
 - Wow, okay. - After the show.
 - Yeah. - Okay, great, okay.
 - Sesame Street, Sesame Street, he lives in the bin.
 - I thought so, okay.
 - Have you guys heard of Emmanuel the Grouchy?
 - Ooh, nice.
 - He was one of Napoleon's marshals
 at the Battle of Waterloo.
 I only remember this 'cause we talked about Waterloo
 a few weeks ago. - Yes.
 - And one of the main guys there was Emmanuel the Grouchy
 and Napoleon made him like the Marshal of all France
 or something like that.
 - Well, there were six other marshals, weren't there?
 There was Happy, Sleepy, Dopey.
 Okay, giant moss, most moss is tiny, obviously, isn't it?
 It's close to the ground, it's low, it's not,
 you don't get moss trees.
 The gigantic moss, the biggest moss on the planet
 is called Dorsonia Superba and it gets up to 60 centimeters
 tall and that is mega.
 For a moss, that's insane.
 - That's big. - That is big.
 - And it's because mosses don't have internal fluid systems
 to carry water to their tissues.
 So they can dry out really easily,
 so they have to stay close to the ground.
 But Dorsonia has, it's so weird,
 it's done convergent evolution.
 So you know how trees have a xylem and a flow
 and they have the system of porting water
 all the way up to the leaves.
 But Dorsonia has evolved a completely separate
 conduction system that functions in the same way.
 And so as a result, they can reach for the sky
 and they grow much bigger as a result.
 But that's very unusual.
 - How big are we talking?
 - I said 60 centimeters.
 - 60 centimeters.
 - It's not six zero.
 - Imagine two school rulers.
 - Yeah.
 - Yeah.
 - One on top of the other.
 - Yeah.
 - That's how tall we're talking here.
 - Huge.
 - Yeah, it's a similar reveal for the peanut
 to the almond size, I would say.
 (laughing)
 - What?
 - This must be like, it must be 1,000 times taller
 than your average moss.
 - No, it's incredible.
 - Hundreds.
 - And mosses, I don't think we've ever mentioned
 that sort of the individual leaves are what are so tiny.
 They're only one cell thick.
 Isn't it so odd that we're looking at stuff
 that we can see and it looks thick
 and it covers rocks and tarmac and roofs and whatever.
 Each leaf is one cell thick,
 which means 100th of a millimeter, basically.
 - It's small.
 - It's small, yeah.
 Some of them deliberately make themselves smell like poo
 or corpses.
 So this is--
 - Why is that?
 Because like plants do it so that insects come
 and they get pollinated, right?
 But that can't be 'cause they don't have pollen.
 - No, no, same thing.
 Same thing, so they get, so dispersing their seeds.
 So most of them disperse via spores.
 They get taken by the wind
 and they can get taken amazing distances across continents.
 But there are certain moss and one of the species
 is called splachnums ferricum,
 which is also known as pink stick dung moss.
 And it lives on droppings.
 And in fact, all of dung moss lives
 on very specific types of dung.
 So pink stick dung moss lives only on the droppings
 of white-tailed deer about a month
 after they've been pooed out.
 And it grows on these droppings.
 And then it uses these droppings
 to make this amazing poo scent,
 which it emits, which attracts all of these flies,
 which come to lay their eggs.
 And as they lay their eggs all over the moss,
 they pick up these clusters of spores on their legs.
 And so they disseminate them.
 - That's amazing.
 - I think I've got a different impression
 of what moss is to maybe other people
 because it's so mad that there's the idea
 that moss has basically sperm in an egg
 and that the sperm needs to find its way to an egg.
 I thought moss just happened.
 I didn't think the egg-- - Did you?
 - Yeah, I did, absolutely.
 - I thought, I didn't realize it was--
 - Are you an ancient Greek naturalist?
 (laughing)
 - He's middle-aged's spontaneous generationalist.
 - But I agree with Dan, the idea of sperm
 and moss reproduction generally in moss sex
 is so hard to get your head around.
 And they sort of come in two phases of life.
 But the way that the sperm find the egg
 seems to be that certain male moss will produce sperm
 in like a cup on top of them often
 and then get splashed by raindrops,
 it also finds a way to swim to an egg of a female moss
 and sex it up.
 And that makes another moss that makes spores.
 And understandably, I think they often don't do this
 very often at all 'cause it's a lot of effort.
 So I read an article featuring a biologist
 called Kirstin Fisher who studies the sex lives
 of a moss called Syntricia caninervous.
 And she said they have sex about every 30 years.
 So she's been in the field all the time.
 - Well, you know, you're tired, you've been at work.
 - It's so easy to just...
 - Darling, it's been 29 years and 11 months.
 (all laughing)
 - That's so funny.
 Oh my goodness.
 What an amazing thing to study.
 What a hero in a way.
 Get on early, the sex life of a very particular moss
 that only has sex every 30 years.
 Here's one thing.
 You've been in World War II.
 It's been a pretty tough time.
 You've been living in Europe.
 Why would it be good to be a moss enthusiast?
 - So there's lots of moss suddenly growing
 in areas which have been abandoned due to the war?
 - That's very good.
 - Lots of dead people?
 Lots of dead people.
 There's a kind of moss that grows on corpses?
 - Oh, there might be.
 No, this is more practical.
 - Okay.
 - There's a very famous moss scientist in America
 who named lots of mosses called Geneva Sare.
 And at the end of the war,
 she organized the sending of food, clothes, and money
 to distressed bryologists in Europe.
 So like if you were a moss scientist in Europe,
 you could expect a nice little package of money
 and clothes to come.
 - I love that.
 - I see moss people stick together.
 That's great.
 - Why are they particularly distressed?
 Were they particularly distressed?
 And bryologists are moss studyers, I think.
 - Yeah.
 Well, it's not that they're particularly distressed.
 It's just that the industry is,
 she's looking out for people who share her line of work.
 - That's exactly it.
 - Basically the entirety of Europe
 was distressed after World War II.
 And the bryologists were no exception.
 And she thought, well, I'm gonna send some money over,
 but I wanna send it to fellow moss, moss lovers.
 - Someone gets in touch.
 I studied lichen and I am, I really am quite distressed.
 - No.
 - Absolutely not.
 No, get out.
 (laughing)
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we've said
 over the course of this podcast,
 we can all be found on various bits of social media
 out there, I'm on Instagram.
 You can get me on @Sriberland.
 James?
 - I'm on TikTok.
 I haven't ticked any talks.
 And I mentioned it a few weeks ago
 and I now have 44 followers, 45 followers.
 So, you know, if you wanna boost,
 you won't get anything in return.
 But if you wanna come and see me on TikTok,
 I'm at no such thing as James Harkin.
 - Right, so that's where not to get in contact with James.
 Andy?
 - I'm on Twitter @AndreHunterM.
 A lot of people also say they don't get anything
 out of my stuff, but I do actually post quite frequently.
 (laughing)
 - Or you can get through to all of us
 by going to our group account,
 which is @NoSuchThing on Twitter,
 or you can email us on podcast@QI.com.
 Why not even check out our website?
 You'll find all of our previous episodes up there.
 You'll find a link to Clubfish, our secret zone,
 where we have lots of extra bonus material and so on,
 and a Discord, all really fun.
 Check it out.
 If not, just come back here next week.
 We'll be back with another episode,
 and we'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
