 - Hi everyone, before we start this week's show,
 we want to tell you about the winners
 of this year's prestigious Heinz Oberhummer Award
 for Science Communication.
 - That's exciting, okay, who got it?
 - Us, no.
 - Yes, that is amazing.
 - It's so cool.
 And what it means is that we get to go to Vienna
 and we're gonna record a podcast there
 and it's gonna be a 300th episode
 and guess what, you can get tickets.
 - That was the funniest piece of acting I've ever seen
 there at the start, by the way, guys.
 But that is indeed correct.
 If you are listening from Vienna or Austria
 or if you fancy a trip there on the 25th of November,
 then go to nosuchthingasaffish.com
 and you'll see the link there to get tickets
 and see us perform our 300th episode.
 - Is this in the world I see before me?
 - No, I'll go.
 - Oh, that was good.
 - Now, pipe down on with the show.
 (blues music)
 - Who the fuck is this?
 (blues music)
 - Who's not ready?
 - I'm not ready, but Karen's not ready.
 - Karen's not ready.
 - Hello and welcome to another episode
 of nosuchthingasaffish, a weekly podcast
 coming to you from the QI offices in Covert Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I am sitting here with Anna Chazinski,
 Andrew Hunter Murray and James Harkin.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days
 and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with you, James.
 - Oh, it really?
 I thought it was what are you guys first?
 - My fact this week is that the US Navy's Doomsday aircraft,
 which was designed to survive a nuclear attack,
 was recently taken out by a single bird.
 Okay, this was in the news.
 A few people might have seen it.
 The US Navy called it a class A mishap.
 (laughing)
 - That feels like something that would be an PG Woodhouse novel.
 - I'm telling you what, jeez,
 this is a class A mishap we've just had.
 - It was the E6B Mercury.
 It's a Boeing 707, which supposedly,
 if there is a nuclear bomb that goes off nearby,
 it's supposed to be okay.
 But actually, a bird got into its engine
 and it had to make an emergency stop.
 The engine had to be replaced and it cost them
 about $2 million.
 - Oh, wow.
 - That is a class A mishap.
 - That is.
 And so I was really curious about this plane
 because it's sort of, it's like the less fancy,
 but tougher brother of Air Force One, basically.
 - Yeah, although Air Force One is anything
 that the president's on, of course.
 - Yes.
 - But the particular Air Force One that we know about,
 yeah, it's a souped-up version of this one.
 - Yeah, it's all nuclear command centers
 as opposed to nice beds and desks and cool press rooms
 and things like that.
 But I wonder, 'cause it's, I read this,
 I couldn't believe that it could survive a nuclear attack.
 And they say it can survive a nuclear attack.
 When I just wonder how close it can be
 for a nuclear attack.
 'Cause if you drop a nuclear bomb on it, it would,
 - Yeah.
 - In many ways, you know, most of the people in the world
 could survive a nuclear attack depending on where the bomb is.
 - Yeah, that's absolutely true.
 - If a bomb stops in Australia, I reckon I'll be okay.
 - They said it was, they said they've got all sorts of,
 I read they had mesh to prevent radiation
 and other things.
 - Yeah, they have that, you know.
 - And also, it's strong enough to survive the pulses
 of electromagnetic energy that come from a nuclear bomb.
 - Oh, okay.
 - Cosumably, like you say, not if it lands on the nose.
 (laughing)
 I do see what you mean by that.
 - Maybe it's 'cause it can only flyably for about 10 hours,
 10 hours worth of fuel.
 So maybe it has to make a landing in an area
 that's been recently bombed and all this meshing and stuff
 means that you would survive on the inside
 and not be turned into radioactive spider.
 (laughing)
 - I lost my thread at the end there.
 - No, you couldn't tell.
 (laughing)
 They are very cool.
 - Yeah.
 - Do we know what kind of bird it was?
 Was it at least a big bird?
 - We don't know what kind of, it was a big bird
 from Sesame Street, if that's what you're thinking.
 - Thank God.
 - Famously can't fly.
 We don't know what kind of bird it is.
 Although they have lots of labs in America
 who can find this kind of thing out.
 They like to scrape bits of bird off airplanes, don't they?
 And work out what's.
 - Yeah, using the DNA, they'll do it.
 And you just send in.
 There's a thing called, if you have a bird strike
 on your plane, it's called snarge.
 - Snarge, so there's, yeah, that's right.
 - And I wanted to know where this word came from.
 Did anyone find out?
 - No.
 - Okay, as far as I can see,
 it comes from the Smithsonian Institution's
 feather identification laboratory.
 And I think just the lab sciences have just called it snarge
 and it feels like it might be an acronym or something,
 but I don't really know.
 And when they first came up with it, one of the other words
 of phrases they used was birdic.
 - Snarge is quite onomatopoeic.
 I don't imagine they just sort of thought,
 "Oh, this sound sort of tells you that it's...
 - It's a gooey end."
 - Yeah, maybe snarge.
 - Snarge.
 - And in this lab, they will test things and work out
 exactly what will happen when any bird hits any aircraft.
 And they have invented the bird avoidance model
 or bam!
 - Nice.
 - Very cool.
 This isn't the only bird strike that hit a military plane
 this year with scary consequences.
 Yeah, so earlier this year, an Air Force A10 was flying
 through America over Florida and it got hit by a bird as well,
 hit the engine.
 But as a result of being hit by the bird,
 something in the plane malfunctioned and it ended up
 dropping three dummy rounds, basically three massive bombs,
 but they weren't charged over Florida and landed in Florida.
 And I mean, it was just so lucky that they were fake bombs.
 Because otherwise America would have just bombed its citizens.
 And then I read that story and I think if you'd have gone up to it
 and started prodding it with a stick, you could have got injured.
 - Yes.
 - That one people not to go near it, right?
 - Exactly.
 - You're still slightly charged.
 - Yeah, they're like, this is completely harmless.
 It's just the dummy bomb, but also please do not handle it
 under any circumstances.
 So if you are, and I don't know if they've found them.
 So if you are in Florida and you see,
 I think they're about 25 pounds.
 So they are quite, they're not huge, but in those spot ones.
 - Well, they said where it is, roughly.
 They said that in the general vicinity of two kilometers west
 of highway one, two, nine, every single location.
 But that's quite a big margin of error, I would say.
 - Yeah.
 - Yeah.
 Can we just say one more thing about these weird planes?
 - Yes, ma'am.
 - So they're called the National Airborne Operation Centers.
 And these are the ones, I don't know if you guys remember,
 but we spoke, I mentioned them a while ago,
 and you guys did not believe the fact that I said.
 - Okay.
 - These are the ones which have antennas
 which are five miles long.
 - Oh, yes.
 - Oh, you remember?
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - Have you checked that?
 - Yeah.
 - That's a long kite string, basically.
 - It's like a tail.
 It's like the plane's tail.
 Except planes already have tails.
 - It's like a second tail.
 - It's like a second tail.
 - Yeah.
 - And it's so it can communicate with submarines underwater.
 - Because they need extremely long waves.
 - Yeah.
 - Exactly.
 And the point of the plane is that they tie everything together.
 So they tie together the bombers,
 which have got nuclear weapons on them.
 They tie together submarines, which have got nuclear warheads,
 and the ballistic missiles in their silos,
 they can communicate with all of those
 and basically coordinate a nuclear attack
 if America wants to make one.
 - Yeah.
 - Or if it's been attacked and they wanted to retaliate.
 - What's amazing about these planes is that
 they have a crew basically on standby waiting for Doomsday.
 They're just there, maintaining the plane,
 while the other three are getting prepared for their next round.
 So they sort of swap spots as the ready plane.
 - So you come on your new shift and you go,
 "All right, Jeff, was it Doomsday on your shift?"
 - Yeah.
 - No, it wasn't Doomsday on my shift.
 - All right, okay, we'll see you after, see you in eight hours.
 - One day.
 - Yeah.
 - Bird strikes, though, kind of a big problem
 or a big thing that, you know,
 aircraft designers have to address.
 And the first bird strike is sighted
 as being Wilbur Wright of Wright Brothers' fame.
 - To the right.
 - Yeah, and it was in 1905.
 And it really raises my problem with the term bird strike
 because it always gives too much agency to the birds.
 And so in this case, it was 1905.
 So it was only a couple of years after the first ever
 powered flight.
 And Wilbur Wright was putling about in his plane.
 And he wrote in his diary,
 "I twice passed over the fences into this bloke's cornfield
 and I chased flocks of birds on two rounds
 and I managed to kill one in his engine
 which then fell on top of the surface of the wing
 and fell off when he did a sharp curve."
 So basically, he chased and harassed
 flocks of birds until he smashed into one
 and then he dumped it off his wing.
 And that's not a bird striking you.
 - That's a plane strike.
 - It's a plane strike.
 - Yeah.
 - I think that's what they should be called.
 - Do you, but then what if anything else hits the plane?
 - It could, oh, it could should be called bird receipt.
 (laughing)
 - Well, have you heard about the other kind of receipts
 that they have, they have frog receipts,
 they have turtle receipts, they have snake receipts.
 - Well, how high are those frogs jumping?
 - It's amazing, right?
 So according to these people who work at Smithsonian,
 they get, because things get carried up by the jet stream,
 often animals other than birds get hit by these planes.
 And they quite recently got a rabbit that got hit by a plane.
 - No.
 - Yeah, so a rabbit receipt.
 (laughing)
 - Sorry, how does the rabbit get into there?
 It's pulled up by the jet stream.
 - By the jet stream.
 - By the jet stream.
 - By, you know, a tornado or.
 (laughing)
 - It's really quite rare.
 - It sounds unlikely, doesn't it?
 But this was actually in a Smithsonian.
 - Well, you guys believe this,
 and you don't believe a plane can have a long antenna.
 - I'm just trying to explore this a bit.
 - I think a lot of the animal sucks,
 'cause they aren't, they are not called birds dry catchely
 by people in the aviation.
 - They're called animals sucks.
 - They're not called animals sucks.
 (laughing)
 - They should be, they're called wildlife strikes,
 'cause of the variety.
 But the other ones who aren't birds seem to be mostly
 on runways.
 So in Florida, they have a bit of a crocodile problem,
 where I think one crocodile did actually jump up
 and hit the wing of a plane.
 - It's a big crocodile jump, it flipped itself up to the level
 of the plane apparently.
 - Wow.
 - This is the thing that happens in Florida occasion.
 - I mean, there was one, I know what you're saying,
 often on that, but this person who works
 at the Smithsonian Institution Feather Identification
 Laboratory said that they had a cat that was hit
 at high altitude.
 - What?
 - So such a shame.
 Only eight lives left for that whole cat.
 (laughing)
 - Could have been on the back of a broomstick.
 - Could have been, who knows?
 Who knows how it got there?
 - On the early airstrikes thing.
 Have you seen this amazing portrait of Eugene Gilbert,
 who was a French pilot.
 In 1911, he was flying from Paris to Madrid.
 So very early, exciting air race.
 And he was flying over the Pyrenees Mountains.
 And he got tangled up with an eagle.
 There was a mother eagle which flew down
 and attacked him basically.
 'Cause she was very protective of her area.
 And he started firing his pistol at it
 from inside the cockpit of this.
 - Well, it must have been a biplane, I think.
 Not to wound just to--
 - Just to scare it.
 - To scare it off, yeah.
 But someone who--
 - Should have thrown a cat at it.
 - Should have.
 (laughing)
 - But someone has painted a portrait of this happening.
 And it's an incredibly epic picture.
 - Wow, that's amazing.
 - We should say it's really, really rare as well.
 - Oh yeah.
 - So I think the amazing stat is that since 1912,
 there have been 250 deaths from bird strikes
 due to all flights ever.
 So it's incredibly unlikely.
 But obviously still it is quite important to avoid them.
 And the testing, have we mentioned the chicken gun before?
 - I don't think we have.
 - We have.
 - So there used to be experiments on plane engines
 in the testing phase where you would fire a bird
 from a gas cannon into the engine
 and see what happened, basically.
 And they've now replaced it, Boo,
 with a block of gelatin, which is the same density as,
 for example.
 Checking's about example 'cause they're flightless.
 They're probably not gonna end up in the engines,
 but yeah, as a goose.
 - Easy to get though, easier to pick up.
 - Very true.
 - And they used to put frozen ones in, didn't they?
 Because, and one theory was that,
 well, there are a few reasons you might do that.
 One might be because a frozen one would be,
 basically as hard as a bird can be.
 You know, I'm gonna get harder bird
 than a frozen chicken.
 - But you might as well then just do it with a rock.
 Why isn't your frozen chicken?
 - Well, one of the reasons is because they thought
 that if a bird was flying in and it was about to get hit,
 it might tense all of its muscles
 'cause it thought it was gonna get hit
 and that would be similar to a frozen chicken.
 - That seems exactly what you would do, isn't it?
 - That's what I would do.
 - Yeah.
 - But it is a stressful and situation to be in.
 - Yeah.
 - You wouldn't relax and go floppy, even if you knew
 that was what you were supposed to do
 to increase your chances of survival.
 - Apparently these days most of the testing
 is by computer simulation.
 - That makes more sense.
 - It does make more sense, but for me,
 it's not good enough.
 - No.
 - No, I want to be flying in a plane
 that's had a chicken fired at it.
 - Do you know what it is that kills the plane?
 - I would have thought it hits the engine
 and then it snarges all up and then it can't spin around
 that gets really hot and it sets on fire.
 - Can I just quickly say excellent use of snarge?
 - I don't think snarge is a verb.
 - I think it's any kind of word, yeah.
 - Yeah, right, fair enough.
 - Does it accidentally make one blade smash into another blade
 and then that causes all the...
 - Basically, it bends one blade in the engine.
 So what they're trying to do when they throw the chicken
 at it is make sure that the blades can withstand
 the chicken blow without bending.
 'Cause as soon as one bends and the engine stools.
 But the worst thing that can happen is if it hits
 or if something hits one of the fan blades in the engine
 or if there's just a bit of wear and tear and they snap,
 which does happen every few years.
 And that's the main plane sort of hazard
 that they're trying to test against
 because if one fan blade snaps,
 then it turns into kind of shrapnel.
 So it's spinning around really, really fast.
 It's inside the engine, turns into shrapnel
 and then it flies through the engine.
 So it breaks the whole engine down.
 And so they have to do these, like most of the money goes
 into doing these crazy tests where they have these fans.
 So like picture sort of a ceiling fan.
 And each plane...
 - No, no, no, no.
 (laughter)
 - Just remember last week's podcast at the Mulan Rouge.
 (laughter)
 - You're not a plane spotter.
 You're just a plane fan spotter.
 Each blade costs about the same as like a luxury car
 about 50 grand.
 So each fan is worth about nine million dollars
 'cause they're really special shapes.
 And they have to be an incredibly special light,
 but strong material.
 And then they have to throw stuff at them
 or explode them to see if they can still function
 with them exploded.
 - I've got a couple land-based bird strikes.
 - Okay.
 - Non-plane related.
 So do you know the Le Mans, the car race?
 - I do.
 The town of Le Mans is twinned with Bolton.
 - Is it?
 - Yeah, that's cool.
 So 1953, the winner was a guy called Duncan Hamilton,
 I believe his name was, and Duncan Hamilton won it
 despite being absolutely pissed off his face.
 He was so drunk, he and his buddy had done a practice circuit
 before the race, and this is a bit confusing,
 but they had the same plates as another car
 that was on there, which apparently is illegal.
 And so they got disqualified from the race.
 So they thought, "Well, we're on holiday.
 "Let's just go to the bar."
 I got absolutely tanked.
 And then the guy who was the manager of the Jaguar team,
 who they raced for, called Lofty England.
 - Ow.
 (all laughing)
 - He should be the head of the Brexit party.
 (all laughing)
 - He persuaded the organizers to let them both race,
 but they were completely smashed,
 but they did it anyway.
 And in between the pit stops,
 they were desperately trying to sober up Hamilton with coffee.
 So it sort of changed your wheels and give you a drink.
 And this is a 24-hour race.
 It's one of the most long-hard and enduring races.
 But halfway through the race, or not halfway,
 but along the race, a bird,
 flew into his face at 130 miles an hour.
 (all laughing)
 But they think, 'cause he was so wasted,
 he kind of shrugged off the pain of it
 and managed to continue.
 And one, they won the race,
 despite being smashed in the face.
 - That would take your face off.
 - I'm not going to ride on the boat, if it was a wreck.
 - Yeah, if it was an albatross.
 - Yeah, it would be incredible.
 (all laughing)
 - I mean, there was a thing, Fabio, who is...
 - Fabio.
 - Fabio's a male model.
 He appears on romance books.
 He was in the, I can't believe it's not Butter ads.
 - It's weird that you expected us to know that,
 but if I'd have to guess, I would have said he was a male model.
 - He's the male model.
 - He was on, I think, something like 200 romance novels.
 - Yeah, he looks like Conan the Barbarian
 who's got this huge, flowing blood loss.
 - Huge main, the most beautiful...
 - Guys, guys, calm down.
 (all laughing)
 You know who you're talking about now?
 - He's a guy.
 - Yeah, he was known as the most beautiful man in the world.
 Anyway, he was opening a roller coaster,
 and so he was on the ride.
 He was going 73 miles an hour down the first drop
 when a 10-pound goose flew into his face.
 - Oh my God, I'd love it if the photo went off just at that moment.
 (all laughing)
 - Oh, wow, that, and then there are photos of him.
 - Of him.
 - Of him being hit, but of him coming back in,
 just spitting feathers out of his mouth.
 - Yeah, his entire face is bloodied.
 - He was on the roller coaster ride
 with a load of sort of models and things like this,
 because it was a big PR launch of the roller coaster.
 - Yeah.
 - And you just see the carriage coming back in.
 All of the traumatized, he's covered in blood.
 - He's got a broken nose, yeah.
 - Do you not think it might have been a jealous fellow model
 who's just taken a goose at the roller coaster?
 (all laughing)
 - Well, his looks were in forever.
 - No, of course it, you guys.
 - Roon Fabius looks.
 - That's a beautiful man in the world.
 - They were actually improved, yeah, the goose.
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, it's time for fact number two,
 and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that when nylon stockings
 became rationed during World War II,
 department stores set up leg makeup bars
 where women could have stockings
 drawn onto their legs instead.
 - Very cool.
 - Yeah, they would just go to the shop
 and they would take hours at a time,
 and they would draw the hem line at the back of their leg,
 and they would put powders and so on.
 - Would they kind of paint the leg
 to look a slightly different color
 and then draw the line?
 - Yeah, do you put it in like an old cup of tea
 for a little while until it stays?
 (all laughing)
 - Like the leg.
 - The leg is a big cup of tea.
 (all laughing)
 - That's a nice idea.
 You could put everyone in a jacuzzi
 just sitting around the edges.
 - Yeah.
 - And then you could everyone can have a cup
 and just take some of the tea.
 - That would be lovely.
 - Well, they did use to do it with gravy, I think, didn't they?
 - Right.
 - And with coffee, yeah.
 Because I think, so it's sort of like,
 women used to just paint the lines up themselves,
 I think. - Yes.
 - Of and no, I didn't realize they had the salon
 specifically to do it for the wealthier.
 I suppose you don't get a wobbly line.
 But yeah, if you were doing it at home,
 you'd dip your leg in a sort of vat of gravy
 or cocoa powder was another substitute.
 - Amazing, considering a time of extreme rationing
 and deprivation that people just have a vat
 of gravy like around solely for their legs.
 (all laughing)
 - Well, they had the priority straight.
 - I don't know, in those days,
 you probably would have to reuse the gravy, no?
 - I'm sure you would, yeah.
 - Yeah.
 - It's such a, I mean, it's just,
 it's makeup for the legs, isn't it?
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - I'm not strong with that.
 - Nothing wrong with it, no.
 - Makeup is just drawing another face on your face.
 - So why not draw another leg on your leg?
 - Exactly.
 (all laughing)
 It's brilliant.
 It's because people were obsessed with nylon.
 I mean, it was so bizarre that nylon craze,
 because basically, I think it was invented in about 35
 and it owned or 34 and it only became commercially available
 in 37 or 38.
 And by the time the war hit, people were obsessed with it
 to the extent that as soon as it started being rationed
 'cause it was needed for various wartime instruments,
 they went nuts and they were desperate
 to show that they still sort of had nylon.
 There was this big black market
 where nylon went for sort of the equivalent
 of about $500 today, you'd get a pair of nylon tights.
 - For just one.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 Did they get people like trying to steal your tights off you
 'cause they're so expensive, like an iPhone?
 - Oh, probably, if it's so hard to steal tights
 'cause they aren't quite well adhered to the legs, aren't they?
 - And you could be pulling them, pulling it, turns out.
 It's just gravy good things.
 (all laughing)
 But I think it's quite harsh 'cause let you say,
 everyone loved them.
 It was like the most amazing thing of its day.
 And let you say, everyone got it for a few years
 and then it was taken away 'cause of the war.
 It's like, as if we all had iPhones
 and then they go after three years,
 you can't have iPhones anymore.
 That would be harsh.
 - I would.
 - The world might be a better place.
 (all laughing)
 - The first day of sales, nationally in America,
 was the 16th of May, 1940.
 So the rest of the world was at war.
 America hadn't quite decided yet.
 And the statistics vary, but some people say
 that four million pairs were sold in four days.
 That was true, mania.
 But this is a bit like, telly, I think.
 Didn't Britain just get TV?
 And then the war happened and they said,
 well, we're not gonna do TV anymore for the next six years.
 And then it started again in the late '40s or early '50s.
 There's a lot of those inventions which have been existing,
 but it was just back burner for the war.
 - And then post war, when they were available again,
 there were nylon riots.
 It was, 'cause they didn't have enough stock
 for the amount of people who wanted
 and were obsessed with them,
 and been waiting for them to come back.
 So in Pittsburgh, they had 40,000 people lining up
 over a mile, even though there was only 13,000 pairs available.
 So you can imagine the chaos when those shops opened the doors.
 - Yeah, there used to be, you know,
 police would have to be deployed quite a lot, I think.
 This was sort of '45 and '46.
 There was, I think, do pont the main company
 that made the tights or the stockings.
 They said they would make 360 million pairs
 as soon as the war ended within a year.
 And they could not live up to that at all.
 People went nuts, got really excited.
 So there was, yeah, there's 16 block queue
 where people started fighting.
 In Georgia, there were fist fights
 and police had to be called to break them up.
 There was a mob in Chicago of 1,200 women
 who were outside a dress shop
 just bashing on the windows again.
 Police had to be called.
 They went mad.
 They went hysterical.
 I don't want to, you know, be stereotyping here,
 but they lost their shit, though.
 (laughing)
 - People were scared of nylon,
 because partly because it had this weird process
 by which it was made, it was sort of acid and stuff.
 And partly because there was just this huge Ferrari
 about it, so there's a backlash.
 And all these rumors went around about what it could do,
 so people thought it would give you cancer of the legs.
 They thought it mounted in hot water.
 I don't know why it'd go in hot water wearing tights,
 but it was that.
 They feel like snakes when wet.
 (laughing)
 - The same thing reported.
 People thought they were made from corpses
 because there was a thing called cadaverine,
 which was gathered from course up
 and it's gathered from corpses to make stuff,
 but they weren't.
 It was a rumor.
 - Wait, so cadaverine didn't exist?
 - I think cadaverine, I think it did exist.
 It was a chemical that you could get from rotting cadavers
 that comes from rotting cadavers.
 - I think that's the word that people used
 for just like human snarge, basically.
 - Human snarge, right.
 - The thing is with this is it was a very smelly process.
 Like the industrial process was really smelly,
 so when journalists went there,
 they smelled how bad it was.
 And I think actually one newspaper did say
 that this happened in a newspaper article
 and everyone believed it when obviously it wasn't true.
 - Oh, yeah.
 - That's great.
 - And there was, I think there was one other report
 in a paper of a woman who was standing at a bus stop
 and the bus went past and the exhaust fumes
 of the bus stripped the nylon off her legs completely.
 I know all these rumors that the nylon would just fall
 off your legs.
 - It's like a belly hilt.
 - I think with people thought they might burn,
 did you say?
 - Yeah, melt.
 - I think so because you've got this basically a plastic
 as it is polymer.
 - Yeah.
 - So it makes sense that it would just melt on to you.
 - It actually could a bit.
 If it was too humid, the air would too damp,
 then it could start melting down your legs.
 - Really?
 - There is a problem with nylon and health today,
 which is nylon teabags.
 So they started coming in about 12 or 13 years ago
 and I've found articles from a time saying,
 hey, great new nylon teabags,
 number of these boring paper teabags.
 And you know, they're silky and they feel nice
 and it turns out they're plastic, obviously.
 - Plastic's bad for you.
 - Plastic's bad.
 So is that the most of the ones that I would get down
 the shop so they like that?
 - You are not real.
 - So a normal packet of a normal packet of teabaget,
 I think those are all paper except sometimes they're sealed
 with a tiny, tiny blob of granite.
 But the some coffee shops sell them in
 and they look kind of weird and different.
 - You mean the posh ones?
 - The posh ones?
 - The posh ones.
 - Yeah.
 - There's posh and it feels like a bit like silk.
 - Well, really posh ones are made of silk.
 (laughing)
 - Wow.
 - But if you don't, if you can't run to these patee,
 if you can't run to a silk.
 - Back, someone will fobby off with a nylon one
 and they've been studied.
 So every single silky plasticity teabag
 releases 11.6 billion microplastics.
 These are very, very, very small.
 - Jesus.
 - And three billion nano plastics.
 And those are extremely tiny, they're smaller.
 Yeah, but they are, they are bad.
 So the scientists tried feeding them to water fleas,
 which are little tiny lobster animals
 and they became very stressed
 and the exoskeleton swelled up.
 So it wasn't good for them.
 - So, yeah.
 - But it means that what you're saying is
 in your cup of tea of posh, but not that posh tea,
 then you're getting it into your body.
 And basically, I mean, they're gonna find this
 in years to come out.
 It's gonna be, you know, when the Romans
 had lead in the pipes, and they all went crazy.
 And everyone knew it was 'cause of the lead in the pipes.
 That's what it's gonna be, we're just eating plastic all the time.
 - On the bristles on toothbrushes, plastic is,
 I mean, they're nylon as well.
 - Do you think this is gonna be the explanation
 of the person of Brexit and Donald Trump and all of that?
 It's actually just, like, you know how we've discovered
 the Salem Witch Crisis was,
 people say it's caused by the ergo from the dodgy bread.
 It's gonna be that we were just eating microplastics.
 - That's it.
 - Okay, I'm so glad about that because I hate those tea bags.
 They make awful tea.
 - I don't think they're very permeable.
 - They're not permeable enough.
 That's exactly correct.
 So the pretentious places serve them,
 and you don't even taste any tea.
 - I read an article that said that they're,
 when they were trying to come up with the name for nylon,
 there were over 400 options for what they wanted to go for.
 Yeah, and there's a few that we know of.
 So one was CLIS, K-L-I-S, which is silk backwards,
 because this was, yeah, an awkward product.
 - It was like, instead of silk,
 crossing it, that's why it was so big.
 - Exactly, yeah, this was like the cheap replacement,
 the affordable replacement.
 Neuron was one, which is actually no run.
 - No run. - 'Cause the tights, so run.
 And then there was Duporor.
 And it's a shame it wasn't called that, Duporor.
 D-U-P-A-R-W-H.
 - I think it's more like Duporoo, you know.
 - Oh, Duporoo. - Yeah.
 - Duporoo, like Winnie the Pooh, Duporoo.
 - Okay, cool.
 Yeah, sorry.
 - Duporoo. - Duporoo, super Duporoo.
 - Super Duporoo. - Yeah.
 - Okay, so that was an acronym.
 It stood for Dupont, pulls a rabbit out of a hat.
 - Yes.
 - And Dupont was the manufacturer.
 - Yeah. - Right, yeah, yeah.
 - We should say why they banded.
 'Cause the reason, the reason it was so amazing
 was that it was another material
 which replaced silk, basically.
 And before the war, America imported,
 I think it was 80% of all the silk made in the world
 was imported, and 90% of that was from Japan.
 So obviously, when the USA and Japan were a war,
 big problem.
 And nylon was this incredible wonder substance,
 which really contributed to the USA winning the war,
 because it made better parachutes than silk parachutes.
 Silk parachutes got moldy, the heart of fold.
 Nylons went better, and it was used for ropes and fuel tanks
 and shoelaces and mosquito nets and hammers.
 Just anything you could think of in the field
 that was fabriky.
 Nylon was the thing, you know.
 - Yeah, when we were told to hand in their tights,
 weren't they?
 It was sort of a patriotic war effort.
 - Can you turn tights back into, let's say a fuel tank?
 - Yeah, I believe they could,
 because they weren't asked to do an amnesty.
 And I think that one of the slogans was a Boeing super fortress
 that lands on enough nylon to make 4,000 pairs of stockings.
 So that's that it made the tires.
 But they did ask people to hand in their stockings, so.
 - I think you could turn it into a rope quite easily.
 - Yeah, try it.
 Or if you're in the USA as you could pull it over your head
 for the disguise.
 - Yeah, that's good.
 - That's good.
 - Cut a pair of my hulls.
 - Yeah.
 - Or if you're marching into Paris, saving Paris,
 you could go into skies in the Mulan Rouge.
 (laughing)
 - A lot of callbacks to the free of your service.
 - It's obvious as if I literally just edited it.
 - James is trying to turn this into a long-running storyline.
 A lot of five years.
 We need some cut lines, imagine.
 - We need a narrative.
 - Yeah.
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, it is time for fact number three.
 And that is Chisinski.
 - My fact this week is that more than 80% of Japan's temples
 have suffered from raccoon damage.
 And it's really sad because raccoons are not even native
 to Japan, obviously, but they've swarmed there
 the last few years.
 And they're one of the main causes of damage to the temples.
 So the advice to anyone out there
 who's thinking about getting a raccoon for a pet is don't.
 They will eat anything and they cause damage
 to anywhere they are.
 So in Japan, they've just climbed all around the temples
 and they wanna find a nice little cozy nook to sleep in.
 And they'll tear and eat and scratch through anything
 that stands in their way.
 - Is it because people have got them as pets
 and then let them go or?
 - It is indeed.
 So it's this weird story where there was a very, very popular show
 in the '70s, in 1977 called "Rascal the Racoon."
 And it was an animation, it was like an anime thing.
 And people thought, "Oh, I wanna get a pet raccoon."
 They obviously got the pets before they watched the end
 'cause the moral of the show and the book it's based on
 is that raccoons are terrible pets.
 You can't take care of them.
 And at the end, they had to release it back into the wild.
 Anyway, people bought all these.
 I think people were buying like 2000,
 a year of being imported into Japan.
 And then they started eating people's houses.
 And so they released them.
 - And they banned the imports, didn't they?
 - Yeah, yeah, you can't do that.
 - I read one source that said
 they were importing 1,500 a month.
 - Wow. - Wow.
 - Jesus.
 - Jesus. - It would be amazing.
 - There's too many raccoons.
 - It's too many.
 I mean, if you're a country which doesn't have any raccoons,
 then one is too many.
 - You're right, you're absolutely right.
 - And the author of this book is Sterling North.
 Great name, Sterling North.
 It's like lofty England.
 He passed away a few years before this animation hit Japan.
 So he never got to see the true sort of success
 of his, he populated a country with an animal, basically.
 - Yeah, but we're saying it's not really a success.
 It's not a success story.
 - It is if you're a raccoon.
 And you want to travel.
 - It's a huge win for raccoons.
 And we know that Sterling North was interested
 in raccoons success.
 - Yeah, we don't know what you felt about Japan doing.
 - No.
 - Because America's the only place where they're native.
 But they've sort of invaded Germany as well now
 in Europe.
 - They haven't invaded, it's not like.
 - Yeah.
 - Well, I don't know because the European press
 called them Nazi raccoons.
 - Did they?
 - Yeah.
 If you look at any article in the last 10, 15 years
 from some of the more salacious press, I must say,
 they'll say, "Nazi raccoons coming to the Netherlands
 on Nazi raccoons coming to France or something."
 And that's because there was a theory
 that the first ones were let into the wild
 by Herman Goering.
 This is a massive rumor.
 And apparently he didn't do it.
 They were let into the wild in Germany in 1934
 to promote diversity of fauna.
 But Goering had nothing to do with it.
 But the rumor has persisted.
 And so we get all these articles saying Nazi raccoons.
 - Well, at least we stand that rumor out today.
 (all laughing)
 - In America, I don't know if they were kept as pets
 because I guess they should be in the wild
 hence the moral of the book.
 But one person who did keep of raccoon as a pet
 was the president of the United States
 in the White House, Calvin College.
 - Good day.
 - Yeah, he had a raccoon called Rebecca.
 And Rebecca was meant to be eaten
 as part of a Thanksgiving dinner.
 But he kind of just took to Rebecca instead.
 - Did they used to eat that instead of turkey?
 - Apparently.
 - Did they?
 - Well, they didn't.
 It came from, was it Mississippi?
 - I think sent him the raccoon.
 And I think Calvin looked at it and when,
 and someone said, it is edible mate.
 And he said, it's not edible to me.
 Take that away from you.
 'Cause you know, it was claimed he was doing the decent thing.
 And yeah, then they sort of laughed at it, didn't they?
 - Yeah, proper pet, like she had an engraved collar
 that she got for Christmas.
 Yeah, she was a good pet.
 - Did you read that Christmas when they gave her
 the engraved collar, the present that they got their son
 was a coat made of raccoon fur?
 (all laughing)
 - That's a good warning to Rebecca to behave.
 - It's very good, isn't it?
 - But the collar from the raccoon was made
 from the rest bow and of that child.
 (all laughing)
 - They are really clever.
 That's the amazing thing.
 And I read an article saying that they,
 in the early 20th century,
 were used in a lot of lab experiments.
 And that they could have been lab rats, basically.
 Or they could have been the go-to for experimentation.
 But basically, they're too good.
 They're too clever.
 They escape, they chew through things.
 - They start performing experiments on us.
 (all laughing)
 - They get into the events and then,
 and just they were a nightmare.
 And it turns out that rats are a bit easier to control.
 - Yeah. - Yeah.
 - They're not hanging out with humans, don't they?
 They're one of the species that has really thrived
 from human, you know, building up urban environments.
 They work very well in cities.
 - They're like the American version of a fox,
 like an urban fox.
 - I think they are, I think they're sort of like a better
 version, like a grade up from foxes.
 - They've got bloody hands, although not opposable thumbs.
 The only thing we've got over them, one thing,
 is opposable thumbs.
 And this has actually proved quite crucial in the US.
 Well, I'm sure there are lots of listeners
 who have issues with raccoons breaking into your bins.
 And so they're like constantly trying to upgrade bins
 to make them inaccessible to raccoons.
 But because they're so smart,
 they keep on working out how to do it.
 And then they have made one apparently,
 which is clocked onto the fact
 they don't have an opposable thumb.
 So if you can do that.
 - Is that in Toronto?
 - I think it might be, yeah.
 - Because Toronto spent $31 million
 getting a good raccoon proof bin in 2015.
 They were so frustrated and they were really hard.
 And the city's mayor wrote, "We are ready, we are armed
 "and we are motivated to show that we cannot be defeated
 "by these critters."
 (laughing)
 As they were being rolled out across the city,
 he tweeted, "I love the smell of new raccoon-resistant
 "green bins in the morning."
 And within a few days, raccoons had managed
 to make their way into a few of these samples.
 - And beaten him.
 (laughing)
 - There's actually an argument, I think,
 that it's quite bad that we keep on trying to upgrade
 these bins because we're just making them cleverer now.
 We're in this terrible arms race with raccoons
 where the more we complexify the bins,
 the better they're getting--
 - I know what you're saying,
 but then actually we're getting better as well.
 So actually by them forcing us to get better,
 we're getting smarter.
 The raccoons are getting smarter.
 It's the rest of the animal kingdoms that are losing it.
 (laughing)
 Eventually it'll just be a massive battle
 between us and the raccoons with raccoons on it.
 (laughing)
 You were saying about how lots of towns really don't like them.
 There's an online factoid that says,
 "If you take a raccoon head to the town hall
 "of a town called Hanukkah, they'll give you $10."
 And it says that all over the internet.
 - Yeah.
 - But when I read it, I emailed them,
 and they said, "No, this is absolute rubbish."
 (laughing)
 So if you do have a raccoon head,
 don't bother taking it to the town hall of Hanukkah.
 - That's good.
 I think we're doing a real public service.
 We've prevented people from decapitating raccoons.
 - Although, actually, with the battle that's coming up,
 we need to decapitate as much as possible.
 (laughing)
 That's so right.
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, it's time for our final fact of the show,
 and that is Andy.
 - My fact is that the economist, John Maynard Keens,
 once bought a priceless sizzan painting,
 and then hid it in a hedge.
 (laughing)
 - Very good.
 - Yeah.
 - Why did he hide it?
 - Well, it was a hedge fund, wasn't it?
 - Brilliant.
 - You see.
 - He sees an economist, you see.
 - The end of that section.
 (laughing)
 - So this is a fact from a podcast
 that's coming out very shortly, actually,
 and it's by friend of the show,
 or a few of us know him, Tim Halford,
 who is the undercover economist,
 and his new show is called "Cautionary Tales,"
 and it's all about sort of mishaps, basically.
 Things that haven't gone to plan, fiasco's,
 grade A mishaps, you know, this kind of stuff.
 Oil tankers crashing, and I've seen a bit of it,
 and it's gonna be an extremely good show.
 - Oh, it sounds amazing.
 I mean, it sounds like we're gonna be stealing a lot from it.
 I mean, look at it, it hasn't even come out.
 We're ready stealing from it.
 - Borrowing.
 - Borrowing, sorry, legally borrowing.
 - Are we giving this fact back?
 At the end?
 (laughing)
 - Yeah, yeah.
 So anyway, Tim sent me this fact,
 and it's about Keens or Keens.
 - Keens to the right.
 - There are people say Keens, but I've read Keens online,
 so I've read Keens, but I think we should say Keens.
 - All right.
 - For the wise, no one's gonna know who would take it.
 (laughing)
 - And it was in 1918, the first world war was grinding on.
 He was a bright young economist,
 and he realized that France's economy was very weak too,
 and Britain was going to need to collect
 a massive amount of loan money.
 And he wanted to buy up artistic masterpieces
 on behalf of Britain, so then the British government
 wouldn't need to collect quite as much loan money.
 Britain would have a lot of new artworks, got it.
 And also, he felt a bit embarrassed about working
 for the war effort, 'cause he was quite a Bohemian,
 he was quite a pacifist, and a lot of his friends
 had kind of ditched him over his stance in the war.
 - Oh.
 - So, he got Charles Holmes, who was the director
 of the National Gallery on-side,
 and he found a huge art auction
 that was happening in Paris, all of Degas' collection
 was being sold, and they went to the auction.
 Holmes had shaved his moustache,
 so he wouldn't be recognized
 as the director of the National Gallery just in case.
 And the auction was really quiet,
 'cause Paris was in the middle of being bombed
 by Germany at the time of the auction,
 so not many people turned up.
 And Holmes bought over 20 masterwork paintings,
 and they had a sort of blank check from the government,
 they had 20,000 pounds, which is a huge amount,
 and Keynes bought himself a seazan,
 and they traveled back to England,
 he'd been traveling for 24 hours,
 and he was visiting his friends in their countryside home,
 and he was so knackered that he'd just chuck the suitcase
 in the hedge with his priceless seazan painting in it,
 and he walked into the house and he said,
 "There's a seazan in the hedge outside, if you wanna go and look."
 - So I've been to this house, have you?
 - Yeah, it's called Charleston, and it's in Sussex.
 It's very near my in-laws.
 I went to it recently.
 It was part of the Bloomsbury group house.
 It's so Virginia Woolf's sister is who lived there
 with her artistic friend/lover and his lover.
 It was a complicated situation.
 And the house is amazing, it's full of incredible art,
 like Walter Sickert's original stuff,
 which I studied because if you remember,
 there was a theory that he was Jack the Ripper,
 according to Patricia Cornwall.
 So I was looking close for clues.
 - No, it's just normal paintings.
 - Probably 'cause it's bullshit.
 - Probably 'cause there's no tree through it,
 didn't write "I did it" in any of the corners of the pictures.
 - But no, yeah, so it's an amazing house.
 I've probably passed the hedge.
 - So cool.
 - I'm still a bit confused about why he didn't just bring
 the suitcase into the house and ask if he could leave it
 in the entrance or something.
 - Whenever you come back from holiday,
 I got all the way to your front door,
 I got, you know what, I can't be bothered
 bringing the bag-based locks back,
 I'm just gonna throw it in the hedge.
 - It feels like there's something missing from the account
 'cause it's all from him writing it in from his friends.
 I think maybe part, it might have been
 'cause he wanted to make an entrance
 and say, "Hey, it's me."
 And I've got a price this bit of art in the hedge.
 It's not clear.
 - You don't just all everyone in the house
 would go, "Why have you been in the hedge, mate?"
 - Yeah.
 - And they were in the hedge.
 - They rushed out.
 - I bet they did.
 - Of course it was.
 - But he did.
 - 'Cause they wanted to see it
 and they gathered around it by moonlight.
 And it was, it was quite nice.
 The reason he had bought it was because
 the National Gallery director had refused
 'cause it was Sizzan, who I think was a post-impressionist,
 and it was very avant-garde.
 And it was too avant-garde
 for the National Gallery to be buying.
 And home, so I'm not gonna waste my money on this.
 It's too edgy.
 And Keens was a bit more out there and he said,
 "I'll buy it."
 - Well, yeah.
 - He was out there for normal society,
 but then he feels like he was the straight lace one
 of the Bloom's preset, like he was bridging a gap.
 I think, 'cause he, but I don't know,
 he had such a central role in that set of people
 who were just artists and creatives,
 which you don't picture Keens being.
 And so he was there with Wolf and Sack of the West
 and Ian Forster.
 And one thing that they were all very relaxed about
 and I find this really interesting
 that society was really relaxed about
 was the fact that he was bisexual
 and for the first years of his sexual life,
 he was only had relationships with men.
 And I find that so bizarre,
 because he came immediately after Oscar Wilde,
 who obviously, you know, we know what happened to him.
 And then immediately before Alan Turing,
 but there was obviously this relaxation
 for this 30-year period.
 And so he was really promiscuous
 and he had this love triangle with Litton Strati,
 who then became very jealous of him going out with someone else.
 And it was Litton Strati who said things like,
 his common sense is enough to freeze a volcano,
 which you can really imagine.
 And he said he hated how he treats his love affairs statistically,
 which is kind of true.
 He kept it to the other spreadsheet.
 He had no cell spreadsheet, didn't he?
 He did.
 He wrote, well, it may not have been full on spreadsheet,
 but he used to record the numbers in his diary,
 which, you know, if you were just a number in someone's diary,
 well, I'd be quite proud.
 It depends on the number, doesn't it?
 I want to be registered.
 If it's a scoreboard, then great.
 They were high numbers.
 Yeah, didn't he have lots of codes or something
 for everything that they did?
 I haven't gotten this written down,
 but I think he would have sex with someone
 and then he would have, like, AS for anal sex,
 or, you know, different things for different things.
 And then I think he would give people by their initials,
 but then if it was just a dalliance,
 it would be bloke in a hedge or, you know,
 whatever, it's like something.
 Look at hedge.
 I apologize about throwing my suitcase onto him.
 But I think it was that it was, like, there would be no names.
 It would just be this person in this situation.
 Yeah, I'd be like, "Bell boy."
 Yeah, you had the suite of the National Gallery,
 the soldier of the baths, the French conscript,
 the lift boy at Voxel.
 Really?
 Lift boy at Voxel.
 Wow.
 And still no blue plaque at Voxel.
 Outrageous.
 He also revolutionized economics.
 Wow.
 Which, it's incredible.
 And he, so he had only studied economics
 for eight weeks during his student days.
 He never sat an examiner.
 He studied classics and maths.
 And then he only started properly going into it
 when he was offered a lectureship in economics age 25.
 And then he just turned up and started revolutionizing the art.
 And then he almost went bankrupt three times in his life,
 despite being one of the greatest economists of history.
 Hey, it was the great depression.
 That was one of them.
 You can't blame him for that.
 But what about the other two, I didn't know.
 So the first one was when England went to the Golden Standard
 as in peg the pound with the gold.
 And he gambled against that happening
 and lost shit ton of money.
 And then he speculated against the war.
 He didn't think the war would happen.
 And he lost a shit ton of money on that.
 And then the great depression, which I think we can understand.
 Actually, I mean all of it, we can kind of understand.
 But gosh.
 My gamble.
 Yeah, he's a gambler.
 But he got one thing really right, which was about the Treaty of Versailles.
 So he was present in Versailles as the representative
 for the treasury, financial rep.
 And in 1919, he was arguing these compensation payments
 that you're suggesting Germany makes.
 They are too high.
 And this is an insane impulse.
 And it will lead to disaster in the long run.
 And he was ignored.
 He was kind of kept out of the room, actually.
 And so he was left to try and, you know,
 he and a couple of other reps were advising around the edges
 saying this may not work.
 And he failed, basically, because the impulse to punish Germany
 was very strong.
 But he was proved right.
 Him and Churchill.
 I feel like Churchill said the same things.
 They were just outside the room, bitching about a stupid Versailles.
 Wow.
 But they were laughing in their faces.
 20 years later.
 One thing that he didn't get right was he said,
 oh, I don't think he's going to get right.
 As he said, that by 2030, everyone in the Western world
 will be working a 15-hour work week.
 Now, this is prediction.
 If things go really badly wrong, we might be.
 He thought that only worker-holics would be working more than that.
 And everyone else progression would get so much
 that you could do that amount of work
 and you'd get paid enough that the rest of your time
 you could be at leisure.
 Because basically, technology would have
 been able to do stuff for us.
 That was his idea, yeah.
 But why he didn't realize is that as technology goes up,
 so does the number of people who have to work at that technology.
 How do robots actually just make more work for us?
 They do.
 They do.
 People don't realize that.
 Not supposed to happen.
 But he did think that a very sensible thing,
 which was that the obsession with money that society has is insane.
 He thought it was like this crazy social pathology.
 Because why do you want money?
 What you want is leisure.
 What makes humans happy is leisure time.
 And so he thought, well, we should all be striving towards
 is that three hours work a day.
 Then it sounds like a good idea.
 Does fingers crossed?
 2030 is still 10 years away, guys.
 He had this weird thing, just to go about his personal life.
 Now we've covered the economics.
 So he had a really lovely marriage, as far as I can tell.
 He married a ballerina called Lydia Lopperkova, or Lopokava.
 But he was very confused by this.
 First, he started falling in love with women
 and became a bit confused by that.
 The first woman he fell in love with, he said,
 "I seem to have fallen in love with Ray a little bit,
 but as she isn't male, I haven't been able to think
 of any suitable steps to take."
 Asked a man in hedge for his opinion.
 He is also stumped.
 Wow.
 He married this ballerina eventually.
 And he took her on honeymoon to, I think it was Sussex,
 but he had this honeymoon where he invited some other people.
 And one of the people he invited was
 Vickenstein, the philosopher of Vickenstein,
 who was not that much a laugh to have a honeymoon with him.
 He sounds really unpleasant.
 Apparently, he spent the whole six days making her feel like shit.
 She was a bit lower social class, maybe wasn't intellectual.
 Yeah, making her feel really stupid.
 And eventually, she apparently made a remark
 about how beautiful a tree was.
 And he said, "What do you mean by that?
 Challenging her to explain herself."
 And she just burst into tears.
 Wow. Wow.
 And that's what he can't.
 When Keen's first saw his future wife at the ballet I read,
 he described her as a rotten dancer with a stiff bottom.
 It's not very nice, is it?
 It's not very nice.
 Although, actually, a stiff bottom.
 I don't know, that could be nice thing, the stiff bottom.
 Yeah.
 Is that so often not when paired with rotten dancer?
 Oh.
 I have a couple of art things, just of hidden art.
 So a few years back, there was a guy who was watching a movie
 with his daughter.
 And in it, in the movie, I was watching was Stuart Little.
 And in the movie, in the background, he noticed this painting
 that looked suspiciously similar to a lost avant-garde painting
 that was from Hungary.
 So sorry, can I just say Stuart Little isn't animated, is it?
 Stuart Little himself is animated, but the rest of it
 has got Hugh Laurie.
 And it's, yeah.
 Yeah, so in the background of the house that Stuart
 Lives in is this painting.
 And he's going, I swear to God, I've seen that painting
 from somewhere before.
 And he had a little black and white picture of it.
 It was 90 years old.
 And it had been lost for nine decades.
 And he got in contact with the production.
 And he said, do you still have this painting?
 It took two years for them to get back.
 And eventually, the lady who was in charge of the dressing
 for the house said, yeah, I found it at some market.
 I bought it for nothing.
 And they've now established that this is the lost work
 of an artist called Robert Burrani.
 It does two years to reply to an email.
 It was a very successful film Stuart Little.
 And they had a sequel to reply to it.
 They had a sequel to make.
 It makes me feel a lot better about my email.
 So that is the main takeaway for me as well.
 Yeah, crazy.
 There was another incident in 2008, where a Norman Rockwell painting,
 really famous for Norman Rockwell painting,
 was found hidden behind a false wall.
 And this was, it was worth $15.4 million.
 And the reason that had happened, it was this weird story.
 So it was really famous because it had been on the cover
 of magazine in the '50s.
 And it was bought by a cartoonist called Don Tract Junior.
 And he just bought it for $900 in 1960.
 And he sort of displayed it people thought for years afterwards.
 People would come around and be like, oh yeah,
 Don's got that great picture.
 And people were a bit confused because when they look closely
 at the one he had, it didn't match up with the magazine cover.
 So a bit odd.
 Anyway, he died a few years ago, 2008 or 2007.
 And his sons went through his home.
 They discovered an entire false wall they'd had built.
 And behind it was the real painting.
 And he'd painted a copy of that to show to the public.
 And his son's theory about why he'd hidden the original
 is because he disliked his wife and he then divorced so much
 that he was worried she would take it.
 Wow, how did it?
 Oh my god, that's a lot to do, isn't it?
 That is a lot, it's incredible.
 In '50s or '50s, Leonardo did a fresco.
 We're just first naming Leonardo, aren't we?
 Oh, sorry, Leonardo DiCaprio.
 Leonardo da Vinci made this fresco.
 And it was in the grand meeting hall of Florence's Palazzo
 Betio, okay.
 And then the Medici's came along and they decided,
 "I don't really like that, I want something else in that place."
 So they commissioned the architect Giordio Vassari
 to renovate the room and to put something else in its place,
 which means that we've lost that fresco.
 But we know that Vassari was a big fan of Leonardo.
 And so we think that he probably wouldn't have destroyed it.
 And in that room, if you go there now,
 there are two words painted in the whole room.
 And they are "serts a trover," which means "seek and you shall find."
 And we know that at another time,
 he has, in another time, put a fake wall in place
 to hide something that he didn't want to damage.
 So we think that somewhere in that room,
 there might be Leonardo's lost fresco.
 Wow.
 How hard is it to search a room?
 Well, yeah, but I guess if he's got art on the wall,
 he's painted his own--
 He's painted his own fresco.
 He's got a good painting.
 Yeah, just tear it down.
 Yeah, I guess Leonardo.
 Apparently, and I'm quoting this from the article I read it,
 it says, "Excavation has been tangled for years
 in the famously convoluted Italian bureaucracy."
 It's actually the people who worked on Stuart Little,
 who were in charge of this renovation.
 How many fake walls are going to help?
 These are going to be tiny rooms eventually.
 You're right.
 I'm sure it used to be able to fit the dining room table in here.
 I've got a fact about war art and art being hidden in times of war.
 So the second world war, I think we may have mentioned before
 that all the art in the National Gallery
 was sent to a cave in Wales.
 Yeah.
 And by the end of the war, it was the most high-tech cave
 in the world, because they built a railway inside the cave
 to move all the art around.
 It was cool.
 And I really like how it got there.
 So the paintings were sent in post office vans
 and Cadbury delivery tracks to avoid attracting attention to them.
 Oh, wow.
 So I can't think of anything that would be attracted to bar
 and driving through my village in Wales.
 And you're right.
 Well, suddenly hundreds of Cadbury delivery trucks are driving through.
 In the war, when chocolate was rationed--
 Exactly.
 But there's one painting, which gave them such problems.
 So it's by Van Dyke, and it's a portrait of Charles I, right?
 And it's a biggie.
 It's 12 feet by 9 1/2 feet, and it's on a truck.
 So I presume that was wrapped up.
 But there was a very, very tight bend in the road
 just before they get to the thing.
 So there's no other way of getting there.
 Very tight bend in the road.
 And at that same point, there's a railway bridge over the road.
 And they calculated it would be possible to do it.
 But you'd have to pivot really--
 Pivot?
 Pivot really carefully.
 And they didn't want to take the risk.
 So the way they solved it was they took up
 the surface of the road.
 They just destroyed the surface of the road
 to get several more inches of clearance.
 Wow.
 I know.
 They just-- because it was such an important piece of art.
 And if you go there now, you can see,
 at the point where the bridge is, the curb
 is really high above the road.
 Because the road is several inches there.
 Oh, it's still there.
 I'd love to know where that is.
 That's amazing.
 Which van Dyke, who are we talking about?
 Van Dyke.
 Yes, Dick Van Dyke and Leonardo DiCaprio,
 the two famous Renaissance artists.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 OK, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you would like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we have said over the course
 of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland.
 James.
 @JamesHarkin.
 Andy.
 @AndryHunterM.
 And Jizinski.
 You can email podcast@youri.com and get the reply within two years.
 Yeah, or go to our group account at no such thing,
 or our website.
 No such thing is a fish.com.
 We've got everything up there from upcoming tour dates
 to all of our previous episodes.
 Links to our new book.
 There's also a behind-the-scenes documentary.
 Plenty of stuff up there.
 Check it out.
 But we'll see you again next week.
 Have a good one.
 Goodbye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
