 Hi everyone, welcome to this week's episode of No Such Thing There's a Fish
 where we were joined by one of my favourite guests we've ever had.
 I mean, I love them all.
 Mmm.
 And even though this one's from Yorkshire, I thought she was brilliant.
 Fighting talk.
 Uh, yes, it's the brilliant Amy Gledhill.
 Um, you don't want to miss this episode.
 You're already listening to it, so don't worry.
 But it was so much fun to record.
 Amy is absolutely terrific.
 It's just really, really fun.
 We hope you like it.
 The main thing she wanted to let us know about
 was two podcasts that she made. One is called Single Ladies in Your Area,
 which is her and Harriet Kenzley, and the other is Northern News,
 which actually, James and I have both been on.
 It's her and Ian Smith.
 And it's so funny.
 It's so funny.
 It's just a brilliant show.
 It's so good.
 She didn't really say that we should mention this,
 but we should say also, next year,
 she's going to be on the last one laughing,
 is it cold, which everyone loves this year.
 The second season is coming out,
 she's going to be one of the stars of that.
 So she's absolutely brilliant comedian.
 You're going to love this show.
 You're going to love the 50-minute version,
 which is right here.
 But if you'd like to hear even more Amy,
 then there is a chance to do that.
 And that is by joining our Patreon @ThePlentyMoreFishTier,
 because in that place, not only will you get longer episodes of fish,
 you will also get videos of our super duper mailbox show, Drop us a Line.
 That's right.
 If you want more fish, if you want ad-free fish,
 you want bonus content, Club Fish is the place to join.
 You can join it by going to patreon.com/noseutsthingasaffiz.
 We've been having an absolute blast making lots of new stuff for that.
 Go there and check it out. It's so much fun.
 But in the meantime, enjoy this show,
 and honestly, there is a moment in this show
 where I've known Dan for 20 years,
 and he told me an anecdote about his life that I cannot believe.
 You'll know it when you hear it.
 Oh, in the podcast.
 On with the show.
 [BELL RINGING]
 Hello, and welcome to another episode of "No Such Thing As A Fish,"
 a weekly podcast coming to you from the QI offices in Hobern.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I am sitting here with Andrew Hunter Murray, James Harkin,
 and Amy Gladhill.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days,
 and in a particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, and that is Amy.
 Ah, okay.
 In North Carolina, it's illegal to play Bingo for six hours straight.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I'm sorry if that's sad news for any of you.
 Did you learn this the hard way?
 [LAUGHTER]
 I just found out, present this morning.
 It was real.
 Once you're into Bingo, you can't just stop.
 If you're mid-game and it hits the six-hour point,
 you meant to just duck out.
 Yeah, yeah.
 I learned there's a game of Bingo.
 It's a long time since I played Bingo.
 Is it?
 I played at university a few times.
 Is it-- it can't be-- it's multiple games, surely, right?
 It can't just be one game.
 What depends on the delivery?
 You know, like the caller can go as slow as he or she likes.
 Yeah, right, you know.
 I found that there is actually a Bingo caller
 of the year competition.
 Oh.
 Yeah.
 And each region--
 I think it's been six regions.
 Each region, you get 10 finalists,
 and then they literally compete like in a live event.
 In it, it says, to be a winner.
 You need to be a bit of a showman or woman, a performer.
 You need to enjoy the attention and want to make people smile.
 But you also need to know when to be authoritative, as well.
 An extra talent, such as singing or comedy,
 doesn't hurt either.
 Who's doing a song?
 Be the Bingo!
 If you were down to one number, and your heart's racing,
 and then someone's like, make a comeback,
 and laugh, make a laugh.
 Come on!
 Do we know if the callers in the call of the year
 are they allowed to come up with different calls?
 Like, legs 11, they can do something else.
 So interesting.
 Because I found in other countries,
 sometimes they have different calls when they do Bingo.
 Right.
 I found that in Russia, they have drumsticks
 instead of legs 11.
 And for 40, they say, "Ali Baba," because he had 40 thieves.
 And when they say, "43," now, when I was younger,
 the Bingo collar would say, "Down on your knees, 43."
 I'm not really sure what that meant.
 But in Russia, apparently, they say, "Stalingrad, 43."
 Oh!
 "Jews, the World War II battle were two million people were killed."
 So there's a bit grim, isn't it?
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 I love the calls.
 Because I've never played Bingo.
 So--
 Have you?
 No, what?
 I've never met my life like Bingo.
 Have I got a nice help for you?
 Oh, now that I know all the calls, I'd love it.
 Number-- what's--
 Number six, Tom Mix.
 Do you know who Tom Mix is?
 No.
 How is Tom Mix made it into Bingo calling?
 He was never in it where I used to do--
 I've never heard of Tom Mix.
 Tom Mix, he's massive.
 He was like American cowboy actor.
 He inspired John Wayne and all these other people.
 He's on the cover of "Sorgeon Peppers Lonely Heartbreak."
 Yeah, he's one of the cutouts.
 Tom Mix.
 You could have, like, Stevie Nicks.
 Stevie Nicks.
 Little mix.
 Little mix.
 I'll tell Dix, I was going to say.
 Who's I'll tell Dix?
 I'll tell Dix.
 Good question.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Well, yeah, a lot of the-- you find, when you look at the calls,
 a lot of them date back to the 1920s and '30s.
 Yeah, it's not a game that has moved at the time.
 Yeah.
 There are occasional attempts to update
 what they call Bingo Lingo.
 Oh, yeah.
 There was a report five years ago and it's completely
 jumped up by a Bingo company.
 Like, that woke millennials were abandoning
 the traditional calls, and they were being updated instead.
 So 38.
 Avocado on a plate.
 No.
 No, no, no, no.
 49.
 Time to buy a house.
 Oh, no, it doesn't work.
 She's unwind.
 I'll call free wine.
 I was going to say Amazon Prime.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Seven.
 And don't pay any attention to the rhyme here.
 It won't help you.
 [LAUGHTER]
 The number of David Beckham when he played for Man United.
 That's it?
 Oh, it's a Beckham name.
 David Beckham, number seven.
 Yeah, that is good.
 It works, it's not bad, yeah.
 It's better than the rhyme they came up with.
 OK.
 Seven Flexitarian.
 Flexitarian.
 What's that?
 Someone who is vegetarian, but has a bit of meat sometimes.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, OK.
 Can I say number seven?
 [LAUGHTER]
 I'm just going back to North Carolina about why it's illegal
 to play Six Hours Straight.
 Basically, all gambling was illegal in North Carolina.
 But then there was this thing about charities
 wanting to do bingo.
 So they had to make it legal so the charities could do it.
 But they didn't want to encourage people to open bingo holes
 where people get them all the time.
 So they put in these really tight restrictions.
 So as well as only being able to play for five hours
 at a time, you're not allowed to games of bingo
 within a 48-hour period of each other
 to be held in the same building, right?
 And also, no alcohol out, which kind of defeats the point,
 I think, really.
 So I didn't think it was a boozy thing.
 I think of it as being the tea time.
 No.
 Well, these days, they have bingo nights out
 that you can go on, which are really boozy.
 And so do you play bingo?
 Oh, yeah.
 Do you?
 Oh, yeah.
 I was so cynical about it until about five years ago.
 I was like, who's going to bingo wash?
 Stupid night out?
 Who cares if you've got a number on a thing
 and you dabbing, you dabbing on it?
 And then I went, and it was the most exhilarating thing
 I've ever done.
 Really?
 Well, it's absolutely incredible, like I'm getting goosebumps
 thinking about bingo.
 It's because it's hard.
 It's like, it's hard to do, which I didn't expect.
 Is it?
 Look, I know you're all very intelligent.
 Bingo is hard.
 And bingo's all the numbers.
 I know.
 I know the first hundred.
 I do know the first hundred.
 And you only need to 90, so you're going to be fine.
 Oh, really?
 And it goes up to 90, yeah.
 But it's fast, and it's quick, and they take no prisoners.
 And if you go, oh, so what was, they've moved on.
 Really?
 Much like it's Starlengrad.
 No prisoners taken there.
 What is it like?
 So the kind you were playing that was so exciting.
 Yeah.
 Was it?
 I don't-- I'm not trying to--
 I'm not trying to be mean or anything.
 What's it?
 Classic bingo, which I would think of as, like,
 blue rinse bingo.
 Yeah.
 I'm saying, like, like, fill it all.
 Yeah.
 And you might have been one of the younger clientele.
 I love the way that you're trying to do that.
 What's it in the North, Alie?
 What's it in the North?
 Was it elderly ladies in the North?
 It was elderly ladies in the North.
 We all had chips and gravy.
 There was lots of cups of tea, rattling on the table.
 And then it was silence, like I have never heard before,
 when they go, eyes down for a full house.
 And everyone pin drops it.
 You can hate people's heartbeats.
 It's so exciting.
 It's so exciting.
 It's so exciting.
 Yeah, yeah.
 How can we get disabled seats to eat?
 What was that?
 No way, oh god, you missed the goal.
 My way.
 Oh, no!
 I could see how, like, you could just be in it
 and come out and six hours have gone.
 It's only you and 17 granny's are being incarcerated.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah.
 Because I know there are nights now that are things like--
 well, friend of mine was the first ever host of rebel bingo.
 And there's bonkers bingo.
 There's bongos bingo.
 And they're sort of big, they're like club nights.
 They're club nights.
 Combined with bingo.
 Full club nights, then.
 Yeah.
 But they don't sound awful on them.
 No, I actually think your bluerin's bingo is--
 like, it's a genuinely exhilarating night out.
 We should go on a group outing.
 I don't think we'd be accepted.
 Because we would make noise, and they would have like it.
 We just want to chat to each other.
 Yeah.
 We do when we're out.
 And if you make the single sound--
 you'll be leaving over.
 Interesting thing about the number 37.
 Yes.
 I can tell you, as a last graduate, you are.
 Tom Mix was actually on the front of Sarge in front of us.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So like, the modern bingo renaissance, let's say,
 I think came from mecha bingo, right?
 So anyone in the towns of the UK
 will probably have had a mecha bingo, or probably still do.
 And this was invented by Eric Morley.
 He also invented strictly condensing.
 Oh, wow.
 Same guy.
 Because he ran the load of dance halls.
 And so he wanted to get dance halls to be big.
 So he did strictly.
 And also, when dance halls became less popular,
 he brought bingo in there.
 And in 1951, he hosted, and was in charge
 of the first Miss World contest, as well, Eric Morley.
 Legs 11.
 Yes.
 [LAUGHTER]
 No fat lady.
 It was--
 [LAUGHTER]
 The winner was Kiki Hackinson from Sweden.
 She was crowned wearing her bikini.
 And the whole event was condemned by friend of the podcast,
 Pope Pius XII, who said that the whole thing was completely
 sinful and it's really allowed.
 And then it basically said the bikini itself was sinful.
 Wow.
 You know?
 Yeah.
 Was he wrong with outside?
 But comes to condensing.
 The TV show is strictly condensing dancing with the stars.
 His family are basically still earning off the back of that.
 Morley's family.
 Morley's family.
 And rather excitingly, he was born in Hobern.
 We are within minutes walk of the birth place.
 Is there a blue plaque?
 I don't know.
 There better be.
 I doubt it.
 Macabingo got in a bit of trouble, actually.
 Around 1997.
 Can you guess why?
 In 1997.
 That won't help you.
 Is it something to do with Muslim people praying?
 It is.
 Is it really?
 It's basically, there were some protests by Muslims saying,
 we don't really think this name is on.
 Oh, yeah, thank you.
 Our religion doesn't really go in for gambling.
 Actually, no, I think about it.
 I think they have a good pipe there.
 Yeah, it was in Luton.
 And I think maybe they'd opened up in Luton, Macabingo, I mean.
 And so I think there's quite big Muslim population there.
 And so there were lots of prizes.
 There were bricks through the windows.
 I'm afraid it all got a bit, it all got a bit tense for a while.
 But it is the holiest city in Islam.
 Yes, but it's also the catchphrase.
 And what it just meant was like, this is a mecca for shopping.
 Or this is only ideal, this is a mecca for dancing.
 It just means this is somewhere you go when you want to dance.
 But obviously, where does that word come from?
 I suspect it comes from the fact it's the holiest city in Islam.
 So it led to say, and they said, right, we'll change our name.
 And then they didn't.
 Right.
 Really?
 And 30 years later, it's fine.
 And it's still going.
 Wow.
 Eric Morley, he was part of the British sort of raising of Bingo.
 But in America, there was an entirely different person called Edwin S. Low,
 who made it massive there.
 And he saw it as a game that was being played in carnivals.
 And he thought, this is an amazing idea.
 And it wasn't originally called Bingo in America.
 In fact, it had an even more British name that you could imagine.
 It was called Bino.
 Bino.
 Bino was the original name of Bingo.
 You know, it was like an American word for a party, isn't it?
 Yes.
 That's right.
 But you know, yeah, like a bean feast, I guess.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 Good old bean feast.
 You don't get enough of a feast there.
 Can I tell you a couple of quick calls that are specifically military?
 Oh, OK.
 Because a lot of it dates back to the early 20th century or even the late 19th century.
 And the army had allowed Bingo, partly because they wanted to allow not total gambling,
 but a kind of form.
 It was a really popular game.
 And it is gambling.
 And really, everyone puts a bit of money in and the winner gets it all.
 So it's not like a mess.
 It's not quite, it's not like, I don't know, slot machines or whatever.
 Yeah.
 So does the House ever win?
 Does the game end when no one's playing?
 No.
 House never wins.
 But loads of the rhyming calls traditionally date back to the 19th century military.
 He said, cause it had been allowed in the army in the first place.
 So 51?
 Well, it's my gun.
 Oh, very nice.
 The Highland Division.
 Of course.
 So catchy, isn't it?
 And there's also, was she worth it?
 Seven and six?
 I don't know why that is seven and six.
 It was the price of a lady of the night, or?
 It was the price of a marriage, certificate.
 Oh, yeah, yeah, I mean, similar, similar vengeance, but it's like that.
 That says a lot about my relationship, isn't it?
 Ah, a sex worker, a wife.
 Oh, that's it, yeah, yeah.
 Well, the country, though, if they were to say price, if you were sent off again.
 Why did they put the marriage certificate off his neck to the brothel?
 Oh, how did you know that, Amy?
 Just straight out there.
 That was the price.
 Seven and six was the price of a marriage.
 Sometimes bingo knowledge is just in my bones.
 Yeah.
 I'm really impressed.
 All right, well, last one, Pompi Hort, 24.
 Oh, dear.
 Oh, that's...
 That's Portsmouth.
 Portsmouth sailors on leave.
 Oh, no.
 Sorry, that's where I met my wife.
 Yeah.
 Wife.
 Yeah.
 OK, it is time for fact number two, and that is Andy.
 My point is that in 2010, it was reported that pizza or express was training its staff
 how to flirt subtly with customers so they felt more relaxed.
 Is it more relaxing?
 I wouldn't, it depends on the flirting, doesn't it?
 Yeah.
 But it's just someone being friendly and attentive, but is that flirting?
 No, really?
 No, really, no.
 This was reported, basically, as just a thing that pizza or express for trying.
 I think it was in their Richmond branch, and they'd hired an actor to train the staff
 to just, you know, be a bit extra friendly, I suppose.
 He said there's a difference between flirting with someone and coming onto them.
 We're not asking them to do that.
 That would be mad.
 Yeah.
 It would slow down service among other things, you know?
 But if you're a guy in a really gorgeous Italian girl comes to your table, it's great to
 meet somebody like that.
 And says, "Doble, sir?"
 No, it's just the way I'm sat.
 Yeah, and it's even better to hear her talk with passion and authenticity about the
 ingredients on the menu.
 That's the flotation we're talking about.
 Again, I just think that falls under normal weight-resign.
 Also, I don't know if Mr James knew how many of the pizza or express staff are actually
 Italian, because it's certainly around my local, it's not required.
 No.
 Maybe, maybe people like flirting with you.
 Maybe that's just a natural thing, Andy.
 Oh, they're not flirting.
 No, no, no, no.
 Absolutely not.
 I don't know, so they didn't take it beyond this first and only pizza express.
 They reported that they were considering rolling it out, and there the trail goes cold.
 Right.
 Yeah.
 It would be very tricky for the staff to hear one day, like, "Oh, the job roll has changed
 ever so slightly.
 You're still serving the pizza, he's still taking the orders.
 You do need to sort of, really sexually excite the customers now."
 Excuse me?
 Yeah.
 It's like, you do the doubles, you know, you make sure they've had the starters, and then
 you just sort of look at the lips a lot, and you're like, "No, obviously you're not going
 to need the orders."
 If someone lots of my lips, when I was in pizza express, I would assume I had a knowledge
 on that.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Flirting is actively not encouraged in quite a lot of industries.
 They actively say, "Don't flirt."
 I saw a headline talking about New York taxi drivers.
 This was genuinely the headline.
 I think it was in the independent.
 New York taxi drivers to be banned from flirting with, or ejaculating on passengers.
 I think flirting can go too far at times.
 I mean, he's facing the wrong way.
 Or she?
 But...
 You'll never guess who I ejaculate, you know, last week.
 Damn, what is this headline?
 It was just New York officials that said that they'd need to ban, because flirting would
 be happening, and people were complaining, and they had people writing in saying, "I'm
 sorry, I feel uncomfortable in the back of the cab when I'm being flirted with," and all
 ejaculated on.
 No, stop it, Jack.
 Wow.
 But for it to be banned, it must be happening at a frequency that's enough for it to need
 banning.
 I actually think they're already lashing it to ejaculate, sorry, Sam, that's banning already.
 That's the sauna in Leeds, where there's a sign in the sauna that says, "Do not piss."
 And it says, "Piss."
 It doesn't say, "You're in there."
 There's "Do not piss on the coals," and you're like, "Well, how often is it happening?"
 But they needed a sign.
 You'd be mad to put up, and no one has ever pissed on the coals.
 Absolutely.
 Because, in a way, I'd be like, "Well, I never thought of that."
 A lot of it steams more than what.
 So question, is it worse to piss on the coals, and put, "As in, is that going into your
 pores?"
 You know?
 I don't know.
 No, it'll be fine.
 It'll be fine.
 It'll be fine.
 Because it's water, it'll be fine.
 Are you the person that piss?
 I'm not defending it.
 I'm just saying.
 It also contains urea.
 Right.
 And that's not going to mean that there's going to be an ammonia in the air when you...
 There'll be an ammonia in the air, definitely.
 No one's denying that.
 Just saying is...
 There will be a tang in the air.
 Just don't know if breathing in vaporised pisses.
 I know it's not nice.
 I know it's not nice, but I just don't know if it's...
 It depends how much, doesn't it?
 Quantity is all.
 That's the problem.
 You're on there.
 It's like, "I just don't know if it's any worse, you're on there."
 I would just...
 Based on the calls, I don't think it affects anything.
 Did you see this firstly?
 Yeah, just this firstly.
 And then I was like, "Pull your pants back up, okay?"
 Whoops.
 Oh no.
 Oh no.
 Oh no.
 Oh no.
 Oh no.
 God.
 Yeah.
 Don't piss on my pants.
 It sounds like a saying.
 Like I wouldn't piss on his coal.
 You know?
 Yes.
 So flirting.
 Yeah.
 I mean, you make a show about...
 I love dating romance.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 Call no than news, no.
 Call single ladies in your area.
 Single ladies.
 Okay.
 I just wanted to ask, if you have encountered this...
 Okay.
 Because you have been on dating absence.
 Oh, yeah.
 Big time.
 Have you encountered people flirting with you who you suspect of using artificial intelligence?
 Hmm.
 I've never considered that.
 Because this is the thing that's been coming up in the news more and more this year.
 People are basically coming up with responses to questions by putting it into chat GPT or whatever.
 And then saying...
 No, no, no, no.
 And then people are going on dates with them and finding you're not interesting or funny at all.
 Wow.
 Because everything they've done has basically been mediated through.
 And sometimes you'll get two people using chat GPT talking to each other.
 And there's basically two robots talking to each other using the medium of humans.
 Wow.
 It's...
 I know.
 But you haven't found that.
 And I don't... I don't think so. And if they are using chat GPT and that's been punched up,
 I would hate to see what they started with.
 Because if they need chat GPT to get to what you've been up to this weekend question mark kiss,
 then what AI is not taking over.
 The person who...
 One of founders of Bumble who's Whitney Wolf heard reckons that soon we'll be able to have sort of AI versions of ourselves
 that have basically all of my lines or things that I would be likely to say will be in this AI version.
 And then you might have your AI version and our two AI's can meet and see if they get on.
 And if our little robot speed can get on, then we will get on in real life.
 Yeah, I mean, it kind of makes sense.
 It makes sense.
 Yeah.
 Is that a world you want to live in?
 It's true.
 It's odd.
 I'm out of that world now.
 Have there a opinion on it, really?
 I suppose the experience of being on the apps is so boring and annoying and lots of people chat to you for a bit,
 then they just disappear without anything.
 I can imagine any shortcut to not doing that anymore would be a good thing.
 Yeah.
 Well, I tried it.
 I tried chat GPT-generated flirting on my wife.
 Oh, okay.
 But I just asked chat GPT, can you come up with something flirtatious for me to say to my wife?
 Yeah, line one, your laugh is my favourite song and your arms are my favourite place to be.
 Oh, yeah.
 She said, okay.
 And then I thought, this is going well.
 I'll follow it up.
 You still give me butterflies.
 I must have done something amazing to deserve you as you said, what's going on?
 It's just like what?
 Very much.
 Have you crashed the car?
 Yeah.
 And then I said, I would love to answer this, but you have no more free chats left.
 Please upgrade the pro to continue.
 That sealed the deal.
 She said, you got me.
 Yeah.
 Upstairs now.
 Wow, we, that's amazing.
 No, Grim.
 Can I tell you some historical flirting techniques from Lanccia where I'm from?
 Oh, okay.
 There was a thing called promenading or promenading where a load of boys and girls
 stand on opposite sides of a road to each other.
 And they wouldn't say anything.
 They'd just try and make eye contact with each other and sort of like smile and stuff like that.
 And then everyone would go home.
 And if the girl fancyed the boy, she would leave a cake outside his house.
 And then that would mean they were dating.
 So you would know.
 Wow.
 Feels like I could create confusion.
 What if you were able to eye contact with two people and you have found one cake outside your house?
 Yeah.
 Maybe the cake has the name on it.
 That's a good idea.
 Or is it still my day, Dan?
 Still my day.
 Still my day.
 Got the seven and six ready.
 And this is early 20th century.
 So a little bit before my day.
 Just on the cast.
 And then there's a guy called Spanking Roger, who's one of my favourite people in history.
 Oh, yeah.
 And he got together with his partner through a thing that used to happen on the malls just outside Manchester.
 And they would have a naked race of all the young lads in the town.
 And then the girls would sort of stand there watching and sort of eye up the form of everyone there.
 And then a bit later they'd all go down the pub and they'd go, yeah, like the look at you.
 Oh, my god.
 He was called Spanking's Banking Roger.
 Yeah, because he was also a boxer.
 No, no.
 I was like, something.
 Something heard the question.
 No, he would beat people up, like beat people in the ring.
 And he'd give you a shot.
 He'd give you a, he'd give you a spanking.
 Yeah, right, right.
 Wow.
 Like a live naked attraction.
 Yeah.
 But moving, like moving, yeah.
 Those are naked attractions.
 You don't know how well they can move.
 They're just standing there, aren't they?
 It's a good point actually.
 That's a really good point.
 Tell me, Amy, why do humans fly?
 Why do humans fly?
 Like, why do we not just come up to each other and say, I want to have sex with you and then have children that way?
 Oh, I don't know.
 It's much easier if we're allowed to do that with Nick.
 God.
 I honestly think that would be fantastic.
 If, but you could all just be honest and be like, you're physically attractive.
 And I think we should put our meat sacks together.
 Like, I think that would just be so much easier.
 But I don't know.
 So there's a New York taxi driver listening to this right now.
 On breach.
 I guess there must be some sort of evolutionary thing.
 Is it to see if you're like a good match?
 Kind of, yes.
 So the problem is that humans used to spend a lot of time in very small groups.
 And if you decide that you want to get together with someone and they were buff you,
 you can't just move to London.
 And then sort of move to a new place and get a new life or anything.
 You're stuck in that place.
 So the only way to do it is to give very sort of small signals that you can deny if someone says.
 So it's deny ability, basically.
 That's clever.
 Because there is this thing of lots of people don't know when they're being flirted with.
 Yeah.
 And I'm afraid Amy, women are especially bad at it.
 It's just your personal opinion.
 You're like, I fly all the time.
 You don't want to give me anything bad.
 Genetically, they're just not good at it.
 Actually, it's women and men.
 So women sort of sometimes under perceive when they're being flirted with and men over perceive it.
 So it will often be like male students when asked that they're like clear than women to misinterpret friendly gestures as sexual interest.
 And many mistake, but many people do mistake sexual cues as amicable signals.
 But often, if you're a straight man, the nervous woman smiling at you is not flirting with you.
 She's nervous and you're thinking, she's flirting with me and women underestimate her.
 And there is a theory that this leads to the idea of the friend zone, which is not a real,
 or it's the idea that the friend zone is not a real thing.
 It's that people are just drastically misinterpreting each other's cues.
 And men are saying, I've been friend zoned.
 And actually, that's not what has happened.
 It's just that she's just not that into you to go on a phrase.
 And so, yeah, yeah, it's tricky.
 And I think a lot of women, I think you are really having to be friendly if you're like feeling unsafe.
 So you're like, if you're like on a train and a scary man's, it's next to you.
 And he might think he's flirting and you kind of can't say, please don't talk to me.
 I hate this.
 So you have to go like, oh, really?
 Oh, that's nice.
 He'll be like, she's into it.
 But you're thinking, don't harm me, don't kill me, don't fight.
 I don't where I live.
 But you're, I guess you're giving off kind of friendly-ish signals as a kind of safety device.
 And I guess guys will be like, she loves this.
 There is only one way around this. And that is boys on one side of the road, girls on the other side of the road.
 Yeah, there's subtle links.
 I think any flirting with cakes is fantastic.
 Can I tell you something very quickly that I found that that links in?
 I guess sexy stuff and pizza and poems.
 Oh, yeah.
 Oh, wow.
 Okay. So there was an article that said that pizza hot response a furious whole customer
 who claims ketchup bottle label sounds like swingers app.
 So I was like, well, what the hell are they calling their ketchup and pizza hot?
 Do you want to guess what they name it?
 Squirties.
 Yeah.
 So they call it shake, squeeze and squirt.
 And he was like, that is too sexual.
 I think it's it.
 It says quite directions.
 I think it's on a ketchup bottle.
 I think it's not too sexual.
 Yeah.
 Context is all.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 It's a penis tattoo.
 If you just tap it on the top, it'll come up.
 Yeah.
 Turn it upside down and bang the bottom really hard.
 It doesn't work.
 Stick enough today.
 Okay.
 It is time for fact number three.
 And that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that in 1931, Laurel and Hardy simultaneously filmed up to five
 versions of every movie that they made, each time, speaking in a different language,
 despite the fact that they only knew English.
 Lovely.
 But this is this is a fascinating bit of Hollywood, which often doesn't get mentioned,
 which is when it was the silent era, when you were sending movies over to Europe or any other country,
 it was very easy.
 You replaced the card with the words on it, right?
 And so people had these massive fan bases all over the world.
 Laurel and Hardy in particular had a big, big fan base in Spain and Italy.
 And Italy and other countries in Europe.
 And then when it became the talky movies, suddenly they were not understanding it.
 And they didn't have the technology to do subtitles at the time.
 So what used to happen was, and this was an idea of Hal Roach, who was this amazing movie mogul,
 he said, we're going to film every single scene of everything you film from now,
 up to five different languages.
 And they had to learn phonetically how to say all of the dialogue.
 There was half an hour of rehearsals for each scene where they had to learn the phrases.
 They had speech coaches of the language there with them telling them to do it.
 You know what I thought when I read this is there's no way they did it very well.
 Because as someone who's learning a language right now,
 you can know exactly how to say something, but you try and say it.
 And so a native speaker, it doesn't quite sound right?
 Yeah, so that's definitely true.
 And I think the interesting thing that was, I read a report about it,
 which said, Spanish audiences took special satisfaction in seeing Laurel Orhardy squirming under the burden of a difficult castellium phrase.
 And so it's sort of almost funnier, seeing knowing that they're having to do it,
 and knowing they can't do it very well.
 Everyone else was a perfect speaker.
 So they surrounded them in the different way.
 So all the other actors were perfect.
 I presume, or maybe they subbed in the actors and like said, right, get the Spanish cast in now.
 They'll do it with them. So yeah, that might have been it.
 A lot of these movies are now lost because they weren't the main thing that people were keeping for posterity, right?
 Like the English-speaking versions were.
 But it's exactly that. They loved it.
 Laurel Orhardy could just mumble a sentence, you know, that doesn't matter. It's comedy.
 It's fine.
 Yeah.
 We just want to see them falling over with the piano.
 Yeah.
 I bet they knew how to say, oh no, piano in so many different languages.
 Yeah, the thing about piano is it's the same in almost every language.
 Yeah, perfect.
 But yeah, I was thinking about double acts because Amy, you're part of a double act to work.
 Still am.
 Still am.
 The delightful sausage.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 It's catchy name.
 We never thought we would be a double act.
 We just needed to run a comedy night together.
 And we said, what should we call it?
 And Chris had literally just had breakfast and he said, that was a delightful sausage.
 And we were like, yeah, yeah, that'll do that.
 Ten years later, we're like, we should have thought about that name just like a bit more.
 It's a great name.
 It's a great name.
 I mean, the word sausage is the funniest word in the world, which we recently learned as part of no such thing as a fish that the word
 sausage has been in our titles more than any other word out there outside of like with and or so on.
 So number one word.
 So you're onto something.
 Wow.
 Because you could have gone something and something.
 Yeah.
 Something, yeah.
 Like Laurel and Harvey is the classic one, you know, Cannibal, Helen pace, all of that.
 All those things like the mighty bush, where it's not clear that it's a double act.
 Yes.
 I reckon the mighty bush is similar to your name because that's named after his hair, wasn't it?
 Like, you know, you're feeling so active.
 You got a mighty bush.
 Yeah.
 Oh my god.
 So it's one of you got it.
 He's floating.
 He's floating.
 I feel safe.
 But yeah, Chris does have a huge bush.
 Hey, there's another technique by the way that I've seen a double act using comedy where they don't speak the language.
 Rick Maill and Adrian Edmondson, they often used to speak backwards in their scenes.
 So guesthouse parodies so their movie, they would speak backwards a line because the comedy stunt that they were doing was so dangerous that it only worked if you played it in reverse.
 So rather than throwing spiky nails into the nose of Rick Maill, you would take them out with him, go.
 And then you would get the line played forward and the scene played forward.
 For me, do you know what the word sausage is backwards?
 Jesus.
 Jesus.
 sausage.
 Oh my god.
 Well, son of, yeah.
 Oh my god.
 Wow.
 Damn it.
 I think guesthouse parodies are about five times.
 I didn't know that.
 I didn't know that.
 It's in the bonus VHS.
 There we go.
 Documentary.
 No one watches the bonuses like you don't.
 It's such a good film.
 It's great.
 Laurel and Hardy.
 Have you seen any of the stuff I mean?
 Yeah, I have seen stuff, but I wouldn't say, you know, is it ridiculous to explain who they are to an audience?
 I think so.
 Young people.
 Yeah.
 Comedy double act.
 Stan Oro was tall and thin and legubris looking and Oli Hardy was, and British and Oli Hardy was sort of a big, big fellow with the moustache and
 Laurel was always doing silly things and Oli Hardy was always annoyed with him and they were mega-famous.
 They were sort of globally famous.
 If you name any other, like Silent Moves, like Charlie Chaplin, Buster Keaton, they're in absolutely that sort of echelon.
 And I'd started looking into their lives.
 So Oliver Hardy had a very interesting early life.
 So his real name was Norvell.
 But his father, Oliver Hardy's dad, fought in the American Civil War.
 Yeah, really?
 What is the timeline of that?
 Isn't that nuts?
 Was it like a hilarious sort of battle that he was in?
 [laughter]
 20,000 people were killed in that custard pie fight.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, no, his father was a sergeant in the Confederate army.
 That's the 1860s.
 And then Oliver Hardy was born in 1892.
 So it all worked.
 He fought in the Civil War as a very young man, and then 30 years later he had Oliver.
 But like, yeah, it's extraordinary. All his grandfather was a slave owner.
 Right.
 Oh my God.
 The generations you have to go to get back to that period.
 It's so few.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Yeah.
 He's famous, while we're just mentioning their sort of classic traits, for looking at the camera with a really frustrated face.
 Like the Miranda.
 Like the Miranda looking exactly like that.
 Yeah, yeah. And there's a story that goes that in order to get the best performance out of him,
 Stan Laurel, who was really kind of the mastermind behind the two of them.
 He was the real thinker, the new comedy inside out.
 He was a James Harkin of that group.
 Yeah, exactly.
 He was a bossy.
 Yeah, bossy.
 [laughter]
 The kind of guys are pissed on some calls.
 [laughter]
 So he used to get Hardy to do those frustrated looks into the camera at the end of the day,
 because he knew that at the end of the day, Hardy wanted to get out of there and get on the golf course.
 He was like, "I want to play golf," and he would keep him a bit.
 He was a James Harkin.
 [laughter]
 Exactly.
 And so those frustrated looks were growingly real, because he was like, "I'm meant to be out of here."
 I found some nice things about Stan that I really liked.
 Did you know that he, so he was doing hydroponic gardening that was one of his looks?
 Oh, really?
 And he once crossbred a potato and an onion, but couldn't get anyone to sample the results.
 [laughter]
 That was tragic.
 With his after, he was famous.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 I think it sounds a bit weird.
 Like, if you're making a hot pot, you only have to put one thing in.
 Yes.
 [laughter]
 Also, at times, Ava.
 He was from the Lake District.
 Yeah.
 Didn't know that from all sorts of things.
 Oh, I read Overston.
 Oh.
 Is that so?
 Yeah.
 Very close by.
 They both begin with you.
 Well, it's now home to what's described as the world's only Laurel and Hardy Museum.
 It's really weird.
 There's only one?
 That is weird.
 It's not weird.
 Why is that not weird?
 It's completely normal there's only one museum dedicated entirely to Laurel and Hardy.
 Okay, maybe there should be two.
 Two tops.
 Two tops.
 Yeah.
 I opened up a Laurel and Hardy cafe and ice cream bar in Kosovo back in 2003.
 What?
 What?
 So, I was going to say when we were describing here.
 So, I think I'm going to say, "Lie, what are you going to say, honey?"
 I'm going with true.
 I think it's true.
 I think it's true.
 I think it's like a double bluff.
 I think it's true.
 What the hell?
 Well, I was saying, and it wasn't my own money that was evolved, but I was living in Kosovo
 when I was 18.
 Who wouldn't back that with being happy at all?
 The dragons are all there.
 They're fighting to get you.
 Are we doing this Kosovo?
 Kosovo.
 Don't I mean, it ends out with a chair shaking your hand.
 Yes, I'll take it.
 Yes.
 I'm in.
 I'm all in.
 There was a guy out there who I became friends with through my grandmother.
 And he was like, "You like covenirs?"
 I was like, "Yeah."
 And he was like, "I'm opening a cafe and I want it to be themed."
 And we spoke about it and we landed on the restaurant, would be the Hardy restaurant.
 And you would have the ice cream bar, which was Stan.
 And so it was all, you know, the images of them were up on the walls.
 And you could buy statues.
 But they were massive in Kosovo.
 Ice statues, of course.
 Yeah.
 I'm not hungry.
 I have a big lunch.
 I'll just have a statue of Oliver Hardy, please.
 Nine in the shot.
 You didn't buy statues of the shot.
 Would I be?
 That'd be crazy.
 Yeah.
 We're just outside W going.
 The next shot.
 The next shot.
 The next shot.
 The wisdom was big in Albania.
 I think you guys might know that they loved him there.
 Oliver Hardy and Stan Laurel huge in that bit of the world as well.
 Is it still trading?
 I don't know.
 I haven't been back for some.
 I imagine it.
 Can't come out of business.
 There's our franchises in every city in the Balkans.
 Okay.
 It's time for our final fact of the show.
 And that is James.
 Okay.
 My fact this week is that the character of Aunt Bessie was invented in 1994 to stop people mistaking
 Yorkshire puddings for nuclear weapons.
 Quick question.
 Yeah.
 Who's Aunt Bessie?
 I can't believe that you don't know who Aunt Bessie is.
 Educate the boy.
 Aunt Bessie is a maternal figure who makes Yorkshire puddings.
 She's like the patron saint of Hol.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 I can't believe she's not widely known.
 Never heard of her.
 But she's not real, right?
 She's not real.
 No, she was invented in 1994 to stop people mistaking Yorkshire puddings for nuclear weapons.
 Right.
 So up until that point, when you go to Sunday lunch and go, "Whoa, everyone out, everyone out!"
 Well, it's worse because when they were trying the nuclear tests off, they just threw a big
 Yorkshire puddings into it.
 Like a lot of Hawaiian islands were destroyed by massive Yorkshire puddings being dropped
 over.
 So, basically, this company that makes Yorkshire puddings was originally called Triton.
 They're based in Hol and they did market research and found that people associated the name Triton
 with the UK's nuclear deterrent, which is Triton.
 Yeah.
 And only 4% of people associated the word with Yorkshire puddings.
 So they decided to come up with a new brand and that new brand was Aunt Bessie.
 Yeah.
 And they are the biggest makers of Yorkshire pudding, probably in the world, but definitely in Britain.
 Yeah.
 And they make millions of them.
 They can't be anywhere outside Britain that makes more Yorkshire puddings than Britain.
 Yeah.
 You know, sometimes you just find out, "Oh, it happens that they're massive."
 Yeah.
 It's like Kosovo.
 There's this huge factory.
 It's themed around Harold Lloyd.
 And it's...
 Yeah.
 Instead of custard pies, we use Yorkshire puddings in the restaurant.
 Yeah.
 Should we say what are Yorkshire puddings for international listeners?
 Okay.
 For those of you not in Yorkshire or Bolivia, it is...
 It's batter, so that's flour and water and eggs.
 And you get some hot oil and you make it really, really hot and then you put the batter into it
 and it puffs up into a delicious crispy thing that you eat with meat and gravy.
 You can have them as desserts as well, you know.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah, you can put ice cream in.
 Have you done that?
 Yeah, it's really cool.
 It's actually the best day ever.
 We had, we went for a roast dinner in London, actually, it wasn't even in the north.
 We had a Sunday lunch with huge Yorkshire puddings and then on the menu,
 you can get Yorkshire puddings with three scoops of ice cream in.
 It was fantastic.
 It was fantastic.
 It's like a waffle.
 It's like a pancake, isn't it, really?
 It feels decadent that sort of, you know.
 Because is that still made with beef dripping?
 Are you adding ice cream to beef dripping?
 I presume so, yes.
 I've got to say that is a step two northern for me.
 Have you been to the factory that makes them?
 I've driven past it a million times.
 I've never been there.
 Oh, interesting.
 This is an interesting question for you.
 People who work there, some of them have reported that as they drive past,
 even if they work in a different industry, they feel the call of the factory to work there.
 Wow.
 What are you talking about?
 So the factories Yorkshire pudding guru, as he's known, David Barr,
 that's how he ended up working there.
 He used to work in fish.
 He was always in the fish industry and he used to pass it every day and he thought,
 "Oh, I feel I need to be in there."
 And he applied three times for the job.
 What's that movie where they sort of make the spaceship out of mashed potatoes?
 Close and close to the...
 This is like the Yorkshire version of that.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Yeah.
 No, he felt the calling and he went for three interviews and he failed the first two.
 And he said, finally, he got the job when they just asked him why he wanted to join the company
 and he went, "I just love Yorkshire puddings."
 And they're like, "You're in."
 And he's now literally the top of the heap.
 He is the man.
 He's the guru.
 He's his title there.
 Is that Willy Wonka of Yorkshire pudding?
 Yeah, exactly.
 That's a good film.
 I mean, it's pretty crazy, isn't it?
 Like, the amount that they produce.
 Every day, they use more than half a million eggs in order to make...
 This is in the Christmas season where it really ramps up and they have to bring in more staff
 of all felt the calling.
 It's a pretty incredible process.
 It's like a wonderland.
 And what do you think do you toss?
 Like, visitors can go because I would genuinely be interested in going.
 I'm sure your career has allowed you now.
 Do you think?
 Do you think I've got the key to the factory?
 You've got the poll.
 What's the point of getting all these awards?
 And all these amazing podcasts, if you can't then get into the Yorkshire pudding party.
 You've got a whole second greatest comedy double act.
 Of course you're getting it.
 I'm sorry, Hailey and Pace are geniuses.
 And they from Hull.
 Gareth Hailey is from Hull, yeah.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Born and raised.
 What if he's been to the factory?
 Of course he has.
 He's got a key.
 He's got a key.
 He's got a key.
 He's got a key.
 He's probably shagged out.
 Bessie, he's...
 Wow.
 Can I ask you something about Hull?
 Yes, please.
 Hull got listed as part of Lonely Planets 500 travel experiences in the UK.
 Unmissable experiences and hidden plans.
 You made one entry in the 500.
 You were listed 483.
 And it was a public toilet.
 No.
 Yeah.
 What's the experience to have?
 It's secret.
 It was Victoria Peer's public toilet.
 Have you been?
 Yeah.
 Is it good?
 No.
 But is it historical?
 Yeah, it's kind of beautiful, but the outside.
 But if you actually use the toilet itself, you're harrowing.
 You're not going to be pissing in the sauna.
 I don't think it is.
 If you had a genuinely fair choice, would 100% go for the sauna?
 At least then you're in a sauna.
 Yeah.
 It's actually a good way of getting rid of human excruence, isn't it, in a way?
 A sauna.
 Yeah, like it means you don't have to have drains or anything,
 because it just evaporates.
 You breathe it all in.
 You breathe in that piss.
 That's what I'm saying.
 But it's number one, sadly.
 Yeah.
 It's number one, sadly.
 We're going to have to update that sign.
 That sign.
 Imagine the disdain of the person writing, "Oh, shit."
 Don't baby right, or ejaculate.
 You taxi drivers.
 We're one of you taxi drivers.
 We're one of you taxi drivers.
 We're one of you taxi drivers.
 We're one of you taxi drivers.
 We're one of you taxi drivers.
 We're one of you taxi drivers.
 We're one of you taxi drivers.
 Oh my god.
 Oh my god.
 Hold patty.
 Patty butty.
 Yeah.
 You've got a red one.
 No, I never have.
 What's a patty butty?
 What?
 You don't know what a patty butty is.
 I like the shirt.
 I like how that hollets the wrong end of the M62.
 If you end up there, you've gone seriously wrong.
 Yeah, you've really gone wrong there.
 So a patty is a potato.
 It's like mashed potato with lovely herbs in deep fries.
 Deep fried to make it sort of like a...
 It's almost like a potato fritter.
 Yeah.
 But then you have it in a breadcake or a bread bun or however you want to say that.
 And you pack vinegar onto it till it's dripping.
 And it's fantastic.
 That sounds good.
 That sounds good.
 Oh, it's so good.
 It's a really traditional hull dish.
 Yeah.
 It's traditionally made by the maidens of hull.
 By hand.
 Did they roll it on their thighs like the Cubans are girls.
 Yeah.
 Just wipe the oil off on your thighs.
 Oh my God.
 It's very hard to tell sometimes if you're in hull or hervana.
 But if you smell the vinegar, that's what you know.
 You know your flirting's gone well where you can smell the vinegar.
 I'm not a hull maiden.
 But there was this whole group of women and they were called patty slappers.
 No.
 Wow.
 That was a drop.
 I just wondered, is that known in hull?
 I didn't know that.
 I just got a new idea for a show.
 Wow.
 That's incredible.
 You've got the lemsip factory.
 We've got the lemsip factory.
 Really.
 Isn't that cool?
 I don't know.
 I owe a great deal.
 I owe a great deal.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Racket.
 Is the firm on it?
 Yeah.
 That's very cool.
 Actually, there's quite a fun thing which was this team called the drunk animal creative studio.
 Set up these things of alternative blue plaques to commemorate the locals had done interesting things.
 Have you seen those?
 I think I've, yeah, I think I've heard of it.
 But I don't know.
 I don't know if I've seen any.
 So like an example would be on this spot last Monday, Tom Piper got lucky.
 That was one.
 Yeah.
 Here was one.
 Ronnie Pickering, 2015, became an internet sensation near here for his red citron Picasso.
 The citron hull, really Pickering.
 Yeah, he's from home.
 Yeah.
 That's amazing.
 That's a bit.
 You know Ronnie Pickering, but you don't know.
 - This is wild. (laughing)
 - It's not best if you maybe threaten someone from a car.
 Maybe I wonder what I'm gonna do.
 - I'm not a fucking bestie. (laughing)
 - Beep, beep, beep. (laughing)
 - Oh, good. - And that's so cool.
 - Yeah, they're really fun. - It's lovely.
 - There's a really cool hero as well called Carl Buschby.
 Have you heard of him from Hall?
 He decided in 1998 he was gonna walk the world, right?
 So he started in Chile and the idea was to end up
 back in Hall.
 So it was gonna take him 10 years.
 So he should have been back in 2010.
 - He's still walking. - Did he?
 - Yeah, why? - Did he not realize
 that the Atlantic Ocean is in between those two places?
 - Yeah, yeah, it's a bit of a problem.
 - There must be a land bridge here, something.
 (laughing)
 - He had so many problems.
 He's expected to end it in September of next year.
 He's still walking. - Do we know where he is?
 - He was just walking through Turkey
 and I think he's just crossed the border now.
 So that's good. - That's good.
 - I mean, it's been really hard because you had to have,
 you know, three month of eases were a problem
 when you were walking Russia.
 You know, like that wasn't it?
 - I'll tell you what, if he's coming up from Turkey,
 you know where he's about to go past.
 - Wow. - Kosovo.
 - You've got Carl, Carl, you've got to go.
 - Carl, use your coach, driver,
 and you'll get yourself a pretty statue.
 (laughing)
 Stan, not Ollie.
 (laughing)
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, that's it, that is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we've said over the course
 of this podcast, we can all be found
 on our social media accounts.
 I'm on Instagram, on @Sriberland.
 James. - My Instagram is no such thing
 as James Harkin.
 Andy. - I'm on Instagram.
 I'm @Amy.
 - And Amy.
 - I am @ThatAmyGladhill on Instagram.
 - Yeah, and also if you wanna hear any of Amy's podcasts,
 Amy, where did they go?
 - Well, I think there would be a good Venn diagram overlap
 with Northern News podcast, as James and Andrew have both
 done that, but have been brilliant guests on it.
 And we find news stories from the North,
 silly funny ones, and we have a laugh about them.
 And then if you're interested in the flirting
 what we've talked about, I also do single ladies
 in your area, and that is about being single
 and how hard that is.
 - It's actually, but it's fun and it's light-hearted.
 - Nice.
 - And Dan, maybe you can come on that one
 'cause if we've had these two on Northern News
 you could be a guest on single ladies.
 - Okay, I am a single lady, so that makes sense.
 But yeah, so definitely go listen to those.
 And if you wanna write into us as a group
 about any of the things that we've said on this podcast
 you can do that by writing to podcast@QI.com.
 All the emails make their way to Andy.
 He loves to cherry pick the best of them
 and they head towards our extra bonus show
 that is sitting in our Special Members Club Club Fish.
 It's called Drop Us Align.
 So send them there, we'll read them out and discuss them.
 If you haven't joined Club Fish
 head to nosuchthingasaffish.com.
 All of the details are there.
 We'll send you to Patreon, check it out,
 be part of the club.
 Otherwise, do just come back here next week
 'cause we're gonna be back with another episode.
 We'll see you then, goodbye.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
