 [CHIMERA BELL RINGS]
 [CHIMERA BELL RINGS]
 [CHIMERA BELL RINGS]
 [CHIMERA BELL RINGS]
 Hello, and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing
 as a Fish, a weekly podcast that is coming to you today
 from the QI offices in Covert, Garden.
 I am Anna Toshinsky, and I'm sitting here today
 with Andrew Hunter Murray, James Harkin,
 and one Alex Edelman.
 Hi, Alex.
 Thanks for coming on.
 Who is that other guy we used to have?
 Who?
 The other-- there was another guy.
 No, it's always been three-person and one guest, doesn't it?
 Oh, yeah.
 No, no, you're right, sorry.
 Alex Bell.
 Alex Bell.
 OK, so once again, the three of us and our guests, Alex Edelman,
 have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite
 facts in the last seven days, and in no particular order.
 Here, we go starting with--
 this is going to seem suspicious, because I'm never
 the first fact.
 And yet, the day I host, we're starting with my facts.
 And my fact is that in 1903, it was made illegal in Boston
 to lie down in a canoe.
 That was very well known.
 And I know it's subtle facts for you guys,
 but for us, growing up, the real neighborhood bad boys
 would get drunk late at night and take turns lying down
 in the canoe.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Sure, so this is not news to Bostonians, obviously.
 It's a big deal.
 No, this was-- this is turn of the 20th century.
 And it was because there were a series of lakes that
 had been created after the Charles River was damned
 about 100 years earlier.
 And they became lovers' haunts, because basically,
 it created all these little nooks and crannies
 in the water where you could pop in a canoe,
 and you suddenly didn't have a shaperone,
 and you weren't around the grownups anymore.
 So you took your girlfriend, popped in a canoe,
 and went and lay down sexually in it in the undergrowth.
 And people caught on to the fact this was happening.
 And so a law was passed in the area that said,
 you weren't allowed to act rudely in canoes.
 And that covered doing things like hand-holding in a canoe,
 embracing and lowering your head below that bit that's
 the top of the canoe, with a bracelet.
 You were forbidden from canoe-deling.
 Canoe-deling.
 Is that what made it to you over here?
 I've seen them.
 Yeah, some people call it that.
 So if you lay down in a canoe, but you were by yourself,
 would that still get you in trouble?
 Well, I don't think it would, but technically,
 it wasn't what we'd done.
 And it was a $20 fine, wasn't it?
 Yes.
 But I read somewhere that that was about $500 today.
 Yeah.
 So it's a more serious penalty than--
 Yeah.
 Is it still in effect?
 Well, I didn't mean that it had been withdrawn.
 They only arrested people for a couple of years.
 And I think people got pretty annoyed about it.
 Well, basically, people stopped doing it
 because cars became a thing.
 And so you could get away from your shaperones
 a lot easier in a car, if you were, you know.
 And did they then call that car noodling?
 But all that the band meant was, as it usually would,
 is that the kids started taking the piss out
 of the park rangers.
 And so they had phonographs in their canoes,
 which are basically like big--
 What are they called?
 Brim boxes.
 Oh, yeah.
 That's why I can, you know, if you get an Aldi these days
 and pimp it up with a massive stereo system,
 this is the equivalent in--
 Exactly.
 They did that in their canoes and then blast it out,
 like, lewd songs and lots of songs and stuff
 and snogged each other in front of the park rangers.
 Is this tentative immorality law?
 Yeah, that's exactly what it was.
 People thought it was immoral.
 It spread as well.
 So it wasn't just in Boston.
 I read that 10 years later in Minnesota,
 there was a curfew.
 And the police had motorized boats with spotlights.
 So they would be shining them around on the water,
 looking for lovers.
 And also, in 1913, the following year,
 the Minneapolis Parks Board vetoed all the names.
 You know how these days you get a car license
 to place the band, because they look like robots.
 So in 1913, there were band canoe names
 that people tried to register.
 And they included things like the come-on-in kid,
 the Kiss Me Quick, G-I-Love-You, Joy-Tub, Cupid's Nest,
 and I would like to try it.
 [LAUGHTER]
 What a name.
 I would like to try it.
 Yeah.
 It's funny, because there are in certain states,
 there's actually--
 Maritime.
 Exemptions.
 Like, in Ohio, you can't be arrested on Sundays
 or the 4th of July for lesser crimes
 that you commit on a river.
 Really?
 Yes.
 They do not extend to cases of treason or felony.
 But so if you commit treason on a river in Ohio,
 on a Sunday, you should have a lot.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So yeah, the less serious crimes can be
 arrested on a Sunday or July the 4th.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 That's like in Scotland.
 I actually-- this is one of those things
 that we were always told, because when I live in Scotland,
 everyone says, when you're pissed, you're steaming.
 And everyone said it was because the anti-drinking laws,
 the prohibition laws, didn't apply if you took a boat out
 to sea, so everyone would just go on their steam boats.
 Oh.
 That doesn't sound very true.
 But I haven't verified that.
 Everyone had their old personal steamboats.
 Exactly.
 Clanked up and take the steamboat out.
 Yeah.
 I wonder how low-fi you can find something as a steamboat.
 You're just sitting on the bike and you're working.
 What are you doing?
 You're like, here's my steamboat.
 Because the SS gives me quickly.
 Was Boston quite famous for this?
 Because there was a phrase that was banned in Boston,
 which this was later on in the century.
 So this was from the 1920s.
 And the phrase banned in Boston became super famous,
 because so much was banned.
 And Boston was already into censoring so many books
 for immorality and publishers used to try to get their books
 banned in Boston, because then that was a mark of respect.
 And that's an easiest place to get it banned, right?
 Yeah.
 Is it a very moral place, Boston now?
 Boston, yes, and no.
 So Boston had a reputation throughout its history
 for being a place both of debauchery
 and a place to sort of somewhat atone for your debauchery.
 So there was a very fragile piece that
 goes all the way to the end of the 1980s in an area
 called a combat zone, like a very fragile piece
 between the cedar parts of Boston,
 which is what it was known for.
 And the sort of like conservative side of Boston.
 Is it a pot?
 It is, must be, right?
 It is a pot.
 It's one of the biggest ports.
 Yeah, so you're going to have a lot of sailors coming in
 and that kind of thing, right?
 If it was landlock, the tea party would
 have been very difficult at all.
 Yeah.
 The Boston Tea-- yeah, we're just throwing it into a pond.
 They got off, actually, on the technicality,
 because it was a Sunday.
 And it's not technically treason.
 As they poiled the tea up, steaming.
 The Boston Tea Party was December 16, 1773.
 It was a huge landlock day for civil disobedience,
 because it literally, I'm not getting all the way
 going back to the founding of Boston.
 The police elements of Boston and the trouble making
 elements of Boston have been in this like weird alignment.
 So the Boston Tea Party, when it happened,
 was seen as a huge failure of that balance,
 because people really were for both those things existing,
 but very separately, and when the Bostonians
 start to revolt against the British,
 a lot of the loyalist elements of Boston
 were really upset that this fragile piece
 between the brothels, which they like to access themselves
 and respectable society, were commingling.
 And it was a real big problem for the ruling classes in Boston.
 So you had the Boston massacre around the same time, didn't you?
 Yes, which is caused by a snowball fight or something.
 Or there was a real problem between the two groups,
 and then one guy threw a snowball, and then it all kicked off.
 There were so many different little fights in the--
 the Boston massacre was notable because the papers
 really seized on it, and there was a popular woodcutting
 that ended up proliferating in the same way.
 I guess you could say the woodcutting sort of went viral,
 even though it didn't strictly depict the truth.
 Rival woodcuts, the free Twitter age.
 It's a more fun one.
 A lot of people read woodcuts today.
 Exactly, yeah.
 This woodcut became a meme.
 What's a good meme caption for a woodcut of the Boston massacre?
 Monday, I don't know, right?
 But the thing that captured popular imagination
 was an 11-year-old boy named Christopher Sider
 who was shot in a protest in 1770, and that really kicked
 things in a high gear.
 And after that, there was until the end of the revolution
 in Boston, just like a horrible place to be British,
 and an absolutely horrible place to be a British loyalist.
 But I thought it was lit back on with fondness
 that the heroism of you, independent Americans,
 signed a throw of us respectable Englishmen.
 Oh, yeah.
 Crazy king.
 Crazy king.
 But the loyalist elements of the North,
 they had a really good case until the British reacted,
 and then most of the loyalists were like,
 actually, there's probably not OK.
 Actually, these guys are dickheads.
 Yeah, absolutely.
 Just give it a run.
 Yeah.
 Well, something interesting about the morality movement
 in Boston, though, later on, was--
 so it was all enforced by a society called
 the Watch and Ward Society.
 And this was a society that clamped down on the severe literature
 and stuff like that.
 One of the driving forces behind it
 was a guy called God-free Cabo.
 And he led this thing against books.
 He thought we're immoral.
 He thought the three musketeers was immoral.
 He thought Tolstoy was a moral pervert.
 He told his wife not to read George Eliot when he wasn't there.
 Absolutely not.
 It was dangerous.
 Wow.
 I used up your wife from reading that as well, James.
 But this is the amazing thing about him--
 someone wrote a biography recently and uncovered
 a multiple erotic literature and letters
 that he used to send his wife all the time.
 So he'd write to his wife in German, which he didn't understand
 very well.
 And he wrote about how he'd had this amazing dream
 about how she'd urinated in his mouth
 and he'd greedily swallowed it.
 Oh, my God.
 Yeah, yeah.
 P.S. do not read any George Eliot.
 There is a divorce in the third chapter.
 He'd send another letter saying he'd
 had a fantasy about her being a starving giantess
 who devoured him, hungrily.
 And then he writes all this in German.
 And then he switches to English.
 And he says, better destroy this letter, darling.
 And he just didn't know the word for urine.
 Maybe in German, it's very similar to chocolate cake.
 Right.
 It's probably that.
 That's so--
 Isn't that weird?
 No, it's almost too perfect, right?
 The sensor is like, I'm confiscating this erotic literature.
 You're going to collect it.
 The pages will be stuck together in a few days.
 You know, that's still around the watching world society.
 Is it?
 It's been-- it changed its focus in the '40s
 to focus on more socially acceptable vices
 to hate gambling and other stuff.
 And then they became a criminal justice reform thing.
 And they're around in like a boring bureaucratic office
 in your Boston common now, like they're--
 Still weighing in each other's mouths?
 Oh, yeah.
 Behind closed doors.
 Which of us can honestly say we haven't written to a lover's
 wishing they were a starving giant who would throw us
 into their mouths?
 I've got some more things that are illegal in Boston.
 Actually, most of these are illegal all over Massachusetts.
 Oh, my gosh.
 This is from article on CBS, which is strange,
 but true, obscure Massachusetts laws.
 Great stuff.
 Which, normally, if we would read that,
 they would all be false, but I've checked most of them
 and they do seem to be true.
 So it's illegal to sell rabbits, ducks, or chickens
 that have been dyed a different color than the natural color.
 Really?
 That's like the guy that's like a fish seller in Thailand
 earlier this year who put googly eyes on his fish
 to make it like a fresher.
 That's so good.
 And it's illegal to sing only a portion of the Star Spangled
 Banner in public.
 So once you start, you have to get all the way to the end.
 I've read that.
 And it says you can't.
 It says, if you play it as part of a medley of any kind,
 you're breaking the law.
 It's chapter 264, section 9 of the Massachusetts code.
 So it's a definite thing.
 So you have to sing the whole thing?
 Even if you sing the first word.
 And then you think better of it.
 You have to keep going.
 Well, people are going to want to know you can leave the question.
 I would say, can you sing?
 And people are like, see what?
 Why did Don's really like, what do we sing?
 Some reasons like, you need to give a full answer.
 It's full of cliffhangers.
 Does it-- wait, is there a last word to the Star Spangled
 Banner, which is just, yes, we can see that.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 OK, on to fact number two.
 And that is James' facts.
 OK, my fact this week is that Henry VIII
 wants enjoyed a pudding so much that he
 awarded the woman who made it one of the monasteries
 that he just seized from the Catholic church.
 This is so funny.
 It's amazing.
 What kind of pudding?
 It was not recounted as to what kind of pudding it was.
 It's the holy grail of pudding.
 When you say pudding, when you say pudding,
 is it like a American, like a chocolate moose?
 Well, pudding.
 Not like a moose, because that's a pudding.
 But it's not a pudding.
 And the old days of pudding was a lump of soot,
 or started with raisins, or it was a sort of discreet thing.
 So when you say pudding, are we talking dessert?
 I mean, it is a kind of dessert, but more specific than that.
 OK, so I'm saying so is a moose, or it's not a moose?
 Not a moose.
 OK, fine.
 Alaska's a much popular game.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So, yeah, basically, this is what happened.
 A lot of people will know this, that Henry VIII
 dissolved the monasteries, and which meant that he took
 all of the property away from the monks and from the nuns.
 And what does he do with it?
 Well, he puts it into the coffers, but also he gives a lot of it
 to his friends.
 At one stage, he lost some of it in a game of cards.
 Apparently, he lost the Jesus Bells of Old St. Paul's Church
 on a single throw of dice.
 Oh, my God.
 But, yeah, suddenly, you've got a load of monasteries.
 What are you going to do with them?
 You're going to gamble with them.
 Spend them on puddings.
 I like to imagine that he had run out of change,
 and he just tried the pudding, and it was so good.
 He said, "Oh, I haven't got anything to pay with.
 I suppose you could have this."
 [LAUGHTER]
 Sort of more inconvenient than just cash.
 I don't think I'd accept monastery.
 Would you not?
 If I were working a shop, no.
 No, I'd just ask for the cash.
 You're short-sighted.
 That's what you are.
 Sorry, Henry.
 Do you have contact list, maybe?
 So, I found out, in fact, that links these two things
 that you've mentioned in the fact james.
 Pudding and Henry VIII.
 So, today, the great British Bake-Off tent
 is in a place called Welford Park in Berkshire,
 and it housed a monastery before Henry VIII dissolved them.
 So, today, puddings are made on the site
 of one of the dissolved monasteries.
 That's amazing.
 That's really good.
 That's incredible.
 That's really good.
 How did you find that out?
 I don't know.
 You could go bake goods monastery.
 Yeah.
 I was like, "You're a lot today, baby."
 Very cool.
 But, yeah, sweet, sweet food, which I assumed this was,
 was a massive deal.
 It suddenly took off, didn't it?
 At least for the nobles in Henry VIII's time.
 And they had such impressive things.
 So, it was called a void, I think, the sweet course.
 So, you'd have a certain number of courses
 in your meal in the 16th century.
 And the number of courses you had
 depended on your social status.
 And then, the last course was a void.
 And it was because you had it standing up
 while the table was cleared.
 So, the servants came along and they cleared everything
 off the table.
 And the void were your sweet things
 that you just stood up and ate.
 You're kidding.
 Or you went elsewhere to eat them.
 Or, yeah.
 I'm really interesting.
 Yeah.
 I would want...
 That sets me on edge a bit.
 I like to relax with a pudding and sit down.
 Well, they want you on edge.
 Henry, what do you want to edge?
 What if you just get, like, an ice cream
 when you're out in the park,
 do you have to sit down, sweet, that?
 Preferably at a table with a crockery.
 [laughter]
 But yeah, it rendered the table void.
 Wow.
 That's unbelievable.
 What, I can't believe we don't know what pudding is.
 It seems like the last word of the year.
 I'm so sorry.
 This comes, I didn't find this in many places.
 The main place I found it online
 is from Memoirs of the Court of Henry VIII,
 Vol. 2 by Catherine Thompson.
 Which is a Google book, which you can only get
 a few of the pages.
 I can only see a few of these pages.
 I don't know.
 I don't think we know what it was.
 I think it was just recounted at the time.
 She probably kept the recipe secret, though,
 because she doesn't want everyone getting a free monastery.
 Well, here's the thing.
 Henry VIII's favorite dessert was called
 "Made of honor tarts."
 No, they're not.
 What?
 "Made of honor on tarts."
 Oh, it's ironic, isn't it?
 It's an ironic dessert.
 Yeah, made of honor tarts.
 I hear that he would eat one
 and then he'd behead the next time.
 Well, he just found these in a place
 on time they were served to him.
 And he loved them so much that he confiscated the recipe
 and locked it in an iron box
 and announced they were for royal consumption only.
 Wow.
 It does sound not very true.
 I haven't seen it debunks.
 Yeah, go on.
 Well, no, that's all it was.
 It was just someone said this probably isn't true.
 I've seen other people saying that this lady was killed
 so that she could hear that.
 I've seen that debunked.
 This might not be true as well.
 I mean, it has the ring of fakeness to it, doesn't it?
 And there's another story that someone from the royal household
 then snuck the recipe out
 and that's how we know it now, kind of thing.
 That's cool.
 But they're a bit like those, you know, those
 custer tarts you get in Portugal.
 Yeah.
 You know what I'm called, but they're like those.
 Oh, just like that.
 And he thought that was worth locking under lock and g.
 I don't like those.
 But a lot of people do really like them, don't they?
 I guess.
 One pudding that they enjoyed in Henry VIII's time
 was eel-wrapped in marzipan.
 Mm, that sounds really nice, doesn't it?
 What's the grossest dish from history
 that you guys have come across to that?
 The one that comes to my head straight away
 is son of a bitch pie, which is made
 by all of the pieces of a cow.
 I've won onion.
 No.
 And it was like a cow by recipe
 that they used to make in America.
 Son of a bitch pie?
 It sounds like a cowboy recipe.
 I would love for you guys to have a day where you do it
 with a live QI podcast and cook.
 Many of the dishes that you, it would be such a spectrum
 of deliciousness in terms of grotesque
 all the way to great, right?
 I don't know if a podcast of promising for three hours
 is for people like me.
 Well, you do the podcast first,
 and then you have it out there.
 And then you have it in the inventory.
 I mean, you do facts about it.
 OK, man.
 What's the place?
 I think we did this when I was on a podcast long time ago
 about a finger shot, a pickled finger.
 Oh, Sato cocktail.
 Yes.
 There's a big toe.
 In some bar.
 Yes.
 And you have to--
 In Canada.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And you have to drink the shot, or the cocktail,
 or whatever, and then give the toe back.
 But sometimes people steal it, or swallow it.
 Or swallow it.
 Well, also you're supposed to kiss the toe,
 so it needs to touch your lips while you're drinking the whiskey.
 That's pretty disgusting.
 I mean, hey, if we can bug it for the QI podcast live,
 just run away today.
 I didn't realize there were so many daily accounts
 of like, tutor, court life.
 And I found this thing called the Voices of Morbath.
 And this is a priest named Christopher Triche,
 who survived the religious changes of Henry the Eighth,
 Edward VI, Mary the First, and Elizabeth the First,
 by sort of subtly shifting his views every time.
 But in his memoirs for the Voices of Morbath,
 he expresses the most regret about the stripping
 of the monastery.
 But at the time, he was like, this whole thing,
 I've been saying we should get rid of this.
 Yeah, but that's exactly how it was his attitude.
 And he's like, who loves Jesus?
 He's like, you're here, but he's not.
 But when Mary comes along, and he's like,
 I don't know what those bastards did with my monastery,
 but I want it back.
 But that's exactly what he says, that he was like,
 he was like, his righteous fury when they came for it.
 And like, what whiplash you must get most of gotten,
 but it is lay of you.
 I think we've all done it, though.
 I've definitely made horrible missteps in a conversation,
 and then found out the person I'm talking to
 has very, very different views and sort of subtly walked it back.
 But to do it four times is quite impressive.
 Four times of 54 years.
 Oh, that's fine.
 Yeah, 13 years per walk, that's fine.
 I can do it in five minutes.
 I once took both sides of an opposing argument
 over the course of an evening and lost the argument both times.
 No.
 Alex, you've got to get some more mates.
 Yeah, no.
 You're alone in a pub, just talking about one chance in the next.
 Do you know that thing that chess players often do
 where they play multiple games of chess?
 But what they do is they play the moves that one person's
 playing against them against the other person.
 So they always win at least half of the game.
 Darren rounded that.
 If 54, not to spoil Darren Brown's one of Darren Brown's
 specials, but he did that, wouldn't beat all these chess.
 I was thinking you could do that in your arguments.
 You could just run to the other bit of the pub
 and then just use the arguments to be used against it.
 Well, that's what I tried.
 I tried doing that.
 Because someone made a really good argument.
 I was like, you know what, you've convinced me.
 And then I had the argument later on the evening
 with my new convinced opinion, and they got cream.
 I've got chess facts, actually, about this fact,
 which is the Walsy, you know, cardinal Walsy,
 who was Henry VIII's right-hand man at the start.
 The three killed him.
 Served.
 The spiderwelless.
 The spiderwelless.
 Once served an entire chess set made of Marsy Pan
 as a dessert, which is quite impressive.
 He served it to the French ambassadors when they visited.
 That's a lot of heels.
 I've always wanted to have a cheese chess sport game
 where all the pieces are made of different kinds of cheese.
 And when you take an opponent's piece, you get to eat it.
 That's only one word away from chess board and cheese board.
 Exactly.
 So I think this is a big commercial opportunity
 that I'm throwing away now by saying it on a podcast.
 What would be your king, cheese?
 You know, the ultimate that you're going for.
 It's got to be a baby bell.
 It's got to be a baby bell.
 No, that's crazy.
 That's cheese.
 That's crazy.
 That's crazy.
 It's smoked gouda.
 Nice.
 I think it's going to be a hard cheese, doesn't it?
 Like, for the king.
 It's quite hard to have a player made of bread.
 I would say, depending on the temperature of the room,
 you're playing again.
 You might be playing really fast.
 It's pretty so hard to carve.
 No.
 You don't see brie sculptures.
 But they just have an extraordinary number of courses
 at the Tudor Dining Table.
 So if there were these laws about how many you could have
 and it depended on your status, as I was saying.
 So if you were a cardinal, you could have seven to nine courses.
 Seven to nine dishes.
 So that isn't it?
 It's enough.
 If you were, let's say, a member of the Gentry class,
 you're only about three dishes.
 And so you have to know what equals a dish.
 And it would be a specific number of certain things.
 So if you're having a swan, you only got one swan.
 And that's a full dish.
 If you're having chicken, you get six chickens.
 If you're eating a lock, you get 12 locks.
 For one person.
 It's a family bucket.
 I think it's for the table, yeah.
 Because they have a, they had systems of trenches.
 You know, they'd have a big sort of central plate
 with all the food served in that and you'd take in that.
 You allow to have half a swan and maybe just six locks.
 I don't, I didn't actually read into the law that much.
 But I'm sure you can negotiate with your authorities if they check.
 So Mark Wahlberg published his routine this week.
 Did any, did either of you guys see that?
 Mark Wahlberg put his routine online.
 This is, I don't want to bore you with the details.
 But how about I just entertain you with the details?
 Mark wakes up at 2.30 a.m.
 Then he prays for half an hour and any better pray.
 Because from 3.4 to 5.15 he's working out.
 It's not as last work out of the day.
 Then he showers.
 It is his last shower of the day.
 The shower is an hour and a half long.
 Then he has his first of three snacks.
 The snack only takes half an hour.
 And you might be like, only, yeah, because snack number two
 is from 8 to 9.30.
 So that's an hour and a half for a snack.
 And he would save a whole hour and a half if he just ate it in the shower.
 So breakfast, lunch, and dinner are all in the schedule.
 But they're not part of snack.
 Mark Wahlberg spends two and a half hours of his day just eating snacks.
 Wow.
 By the way, my favorite detail, he does half an hour of golf during the day.
 And I just like, I know, I just like to imagine him doing 18 holes
 and half an hour.
 He's like a golf cart 60 miles an hour, not a fairway.
 Just like, can I play through?
 I have one minute and 44 seconds to play this all of a sudden.
 Here's what Mark Wahlberg eats.
 I start out with steel oats, blueberries, and peanut butter for breakfast.
 Then I have a protein shake, three turkey burgers, five pieces of sweet potato,
 and then it's 5.30 in the morning.
 At 8 o'clock, I have 10 turkey meatballs.
 At 10.30 a.m., I have a grilled chicken salad with two hard boiled eggs,
 olives, avocado, cucumber, tomato, and lettuce.
 Then at 1 o'clock, I have a New York steak with green peppers at 3.30,
 I have a grilled chicken with bok choy.
 At 5.30, six o'clock, I have a beautiful piece of halibut,
 or cod or a sea bass with some vegetables.
 Maybe some saute potatoes in bok choy.
 Then I have a lot of aqua hydrate during the day, and then he goes, "That's it."
 It sounds like he's a two to nobleman.
 Yeah, it really does give him an opportunity.
 The amount of protein he has.
 By the way, nowhere during his schedule that he's published are there any bathroom bricks?
 So that digestive system.
 He probably does that in the shell.
 Yeah, it's an hour and a half shower.
 That's why he's thinking, "Or he leans out the side of the golf guard going 70,000 hours."
 With a very stressed-out caddy.
 He was like, "What are you doing?"
 By the way, nowhere in Marguerite's schedule was there any time allocated for work and acting,
 which I found very interesting.
 I think that makes sense.
 So it's time for fact number three that is Andes.
 My fact is that dolphins in the wild have been teaching each other how to moonwalk.
 Pretty cool.
 To Michael Jackson's songs, or like why are they doing that?
 Not to Michael Jackson's, just the fun.
 In the wilders.
 In the wild.
 So there was a pod of dolphins in Australia, and they are wild.
 But there was one who joined them whose name was Billy.
 Don't know whether.
 Billy Jean?
 Maybe.
 He's just a fish who thinks that I am one.
 Sorry, if he's a wild dolphin, why has he got a name?
 Okay, so this is the thing.
 Billy, I think Billy was a she.
 Like Milly Piper.
 Like Billy Jean.
 Like Billy Jean.
 And so Billy was rescued from a polluted harbour and kept an adolfinarium for several weeks.
 And while there, she observed other dolphins doing this moonwalking trick,
 which is where you kind of stand on your tail and you swish back and forth really hard.
 So you move backwards through the water like a moonwalk.
 She wasn't taught to do it.
 She just observed and started doing it herself.
 And then when she was released in the wild, she was spotted seven years later in her pod
 and loads of them were moonwalking and loads of them were really good at it.
 And others in the pod and 11 of them were spotted doing this trick.
 And why I really love about it because this was actually about 10 years ago,
 this happened.
 But why it's in the news at the moment is because the new generation has just stopped doing it.
 Yeah.
 So it's kind of something that their parents do.
 These are kids.
 All these dolphins are now flushing now.
 They're just like, but they don't do it anymore.
 The dolphins are deembarious.
 You're like, my dad's always moonwalking.
 It's not funny when you send it through at first, I was trying to conceive of how they're doing.
 I'm like, where do they get the shoes?
 There was a news about a dolphin this year, a Randy Dolphin, wasn't there?
 That I think came just slightly too late to get into our book of the year.
 What's that book of the year?
 It's just a disdain little project we've been working on, the book of the year 2018.
 But yeah, there was news this year about a Randy Dolphin who shut down an entire beach.
 This was in Brittany in August, so Brittany in France.
 And it was a beach in the Bay of Breast, fittingly.
 And there's this dolphin called Zafar, with a zed, if you're wondering.
 And people would go to the beach and swim with him, and they could hold onto his fin.
 And he'd sort of bound around, he's very friendly.
 But he wanted something in a time.
 He wanted something.
 And he started trying to have sex with people all the time.
 There was one woman who he picked up and lifted out of the water and wouldn't let her back down.
 He would rub up sexually against kayaks and other small boats.
 Maybe he wanted to do some canoeodle.
 So they shut down the entire beach.
 They shut down the beach and not allow within 50 metres of him.
 I mean, not allowed to go in the water with them.
 People have really learned from jaws, haven't they?
 And that, they didn't shut down the beach for ages.
 And there was a shark eating people.
 Well, yeah, it was tourist season on Air Mini Island.
 It's part of the industry. What's wrong with you, Andy?
 People always go after this marriage, just trying to keep his community afloat.
 It's the economics of the thing.
 Quite impressively, monkeys and macaques can teach their offspring to floss.
 So on animal teaching, it's not the dance.
 I don't think, although I didn't check it.
 The first thing that's part of mine.
 Well, they're flossing with human hair.
 Does the dance involve human hair?
 I think it might just be average tooth flossing.
 But yeah, I didn't even know they really flossed.
 But this was first spotted in 2009 in Thailand.
 And female monkeys were nicking hair of human heads or of human clothes.
 And then flossing their teeth with it.
 And they found they spent double the amount of time flossing
 if they were doing it in front of their children, in front of youths,
 to show them how to do it.
 If my dancers said, "Do you floss?"
 And I say, "No," and he said, "Well, monkeys do dickhead."
 And I think I might do it. I think I might do it well.
 I think you should change your dancers.
 This is a cool thing.
 Killer whales, they teach their young, you know how that move
 when they surge onto a beach and they grab a seal.
 So killer whale mothers will practice with their calves.
 But they first practice by surging onto a really steep beach
 so the calf can get back really easily.
 And also one where there are no seals.
 So it's like a driving lesson, basically.
 That's so cool.
 Yeah, and they do that.
 And then the practice may be a slightly shallow a beach
 and it gets gradually harder.
 But it's sort of the opposite of when humans are willing to drive
 because you wouldn't do the very steep hill start
 and feel quite lay on in your lessons.
 Just on dolphins, they have a language.
 So they talk to each other.
 It's German. German.
 Nice to meet you.
 Click noises, isn't it?
 And noises that we can't really hear.
 But the way that we know that it's a language and not random noise
 is they did studies on something called zips law, that z-i-p-f.
 And what it is is the most common words in any language occur
 about 10 times more than the second most common,
 which occur 10 times more than the third most common.
 It's not 10 times, but it's a logarithmic scale.
 And they checked all of these noises that dolphins were making
 and they found that in dolphin languages,
 they have exactly the same laws as all human languages.
 So the most common clicks that they make are
 a certain percentage more than the second most common.
 And by doing all of this study and working that out,
 they reckon that they're going to use it to work out
 if aliens are trying to contact us.
 Because if we get any kind of signals from space,
 we won't know it's a language or it just could be random.
 But if we can work it out like dolphins,
 then it has this kind of zips law.
 That's very good.
 Wow.
 So does that mean that you can spot the really pretentious dolphin?
 So we're just using the extremely rare.
 This word only came up once in 20 years
 and it was the dolphin and glasses over there.
 Another thing about dolphins,
 my favorite dolphin is Kelly the Dolphin.
 And what they did was they taught these dolphins
 that if any grubbish got into their pool,
 then they could collect it and give it to their keeper
 and they would get a treat.
 So whenever any tourist dropped in a piece of paper,
 they pick it up, give it to their keeper and they get a treat.
 So what Kelly did was whenever someone drops in some paper,
 she would hide it at the bottom of the pool under a stone
 and then she would rip off a little bit
 and give it to her keeper and get a treat.
 And then once she's got the treat,
 she'd go down and rip another little piece off
 and get loads of treats for one bit.
 Oh my god.
 That's smart, isn't it?
 That's nauseous what that is.
 It's illegal in Boston unless it's Sunday or the 4th of July.
 That's what that is.
 I'm desperate to know the limits of like an animal.
 Like an animal's...
 Like there were always fights about what to do with cocoa, the gorilla.
 Because so cocoa, the gorilla was a gorilla
 who could communicate with people with sign language.
 Yeah.
 Someone wanted cocoa to write a novel and they were like,
 "No!"
 "No!"
 Who was like, "No."
 The agent, the puppet.
 Coco died this year, didn't she?
 Yeah, Coco died shortly before the Edinburgh French Festival.
 And I have a joke about Coco and my show
 and I lived in fear every day.
 Because I would go, "Coco's a gorilla."
 And every day I lived in fear of someone going,
 "Not anymore."
 She's an ex gorilla.
 Yeah, luckily I didn't go to Edinburgh this year.
 I had to watch a show otherwise I'd have been straight there on the front door.
 No, no, you definitely would have been it.
 The joke is about Coco meeting Robin Williams.
 And Bob Kekolthwaiter is really good friends with Robin Williams,
 a comedian, Sami, do the joke, and said to me afterwards,
 "You know, Coco tried to have sex with Robin Williams."
 Really?
 Yes.
 And Coco and Robin met twice.
 And the second time, Coco made a sign.
 And apparently, Robin was said to the handlers.
 Like, "What did Coco go to say?"
 And they're like, "Uh, Robin, let's get you like slowly moving towards the end."
 So, can we get you over here?
 So, that's a bit of a hot goss that you probably can include,
 'cause I've seen Bob Kekolthwaiter say it on stage, so that's really good.
 Okay, moving on to our final fact.
 And that is from Alex.
 All right.
 In medieval Germany, the funniest joke anyone had ever heard
 involved replacing a flower with a poo.
 It still looks.
 Still a little funny.
 Haven't even had the full version.
 All right.
 So, how would it go?
 So, there's a poet named Nighthart, who is walking along,
 and he finds the first violet of spring,
 and he puts his cap over the flower to mark the spot.
 And when he's gone, this guy happens by a bit of a prankster,
 and he lifts up the cap, and he picks the flower,
 and we'll say he squats down to leave his own souvenir.
 And Nighthart comes back with an entire court,
 including the King Queen.
 There's this big celebratory dance around the cap,
 and then with great ceremony and a plum removes it
 to reveal a fresh, steaming pile of human shit.
 And it was so funny, in medieval Germany,
 that the book by Ken Jennings called Planet Funny,
 which talks about it, says,
 "And variations on the story were recycled
 in song, dance, prose, and drama, and art."
 And then in italics, he writes, "For decades."
 For a time, it was fashionable for people to replace the portraits
 of the saints in their homes, with paintings of the violet trick,
 which made the church really unhappy.
 And yeah, it was a huge, it was a huge, huge joke that,
 and it just totally resonated,
 because maybe because we were so impressed.
 Resonated. We've all been there.
 It's classic, observational comedy.
 Michael Mackenzie will be proud of that material.
 So people's homes used to have portraits of feces,
 just all over the walls for a time.
 Not feces, it would be night heart, pulling his cap up,
 and then there'd be the feces in it,
 and like, you know, court people with their hands over their faces,
 and stuff like that, I assume.
 Yeah, that's right.
 Was turned into a play.
 Yeah, is it?
 Was turned into a full-on play.
 Wow.
 Yeah, this was, I think it's the earliest non-religious drama
 of the Middle Ages that we have surviving today, this play.
 No.
 But it gets a bit more serious in the play, because it's a contest
 to find the first violinist to bring in the play,
 and there's a fanfare of trumpet as the cap is lifted up.
 But when it's revealed, the villagers,
 they're all teasing night heart,
 who is a knight in the story.
 They take the violet and the turd,
 and they hoisted on a pole, and they dance around it.
 And night heart doesn't see the funny side,
 and he cuts off the left legs of 32 of the villagers.
 So they had to lean on the pole.
 Wow.
 Yeah, it's not taking a joke very well.
 Imagine if at the Edinburgh Festival,
 you had that response when you told a bad joke.
 I think there would be a higher bar to people entering within there.
 But they were quite into this.
 So in the 15th century, I also read about a poem
 by a guy called Heinz de Kellner,
 who baked beans were named after.
 No, they weren't, but he wrote a poem about a peasant
 who outwitted a princess in this verbal duel.
 And so they were having this verbal duel
 with a bantering back and forth,
 which sounds quite funny anyway,
 and they're trying to outwit each other.
 And then she says that his material is utter shit,
 and he lifts up his hat to reveal an actual poo underneath it
 on his head, which apparently proved she was correct
 and meant that she had to marry him.
 Oh, he had to marry him.
 So that's a variation I'm...
 That's a variation.
 Yeah, what a relief for him
 that she said your material is utter shit.
 Because she never says it.
 But he probably, his whole life, he had this poo on his head,
 and he was just waiting for that one moment.
 Right?
 Very old poo by that point.
 And she had to marry him.
 I think this never say to any comedian,
 especially while wearing a hat.
 The material shit, because you might...
 I don't have any to marry them, I think.
 Oh my god, that's...
 Yeah, how do you do me?
 You're not going to like this.
 That I was just looking up sort of other German comedy
 from the Middle Ages.
 So there was a play called "Dull Cityus",
 which is an adaptation of a Roman play,
 and it involves a governor who's got three virgins locked
 in a pantry, and he wants to kind of caress them.
 But he goes in the pantry, and it's all dark in there,
 and he keeps on molesting various kitchen utensils,
 thinking that they're the young women,
 thinking implausibly that they're the young women who...
 One of these do sound kind of funny.
 They're kind of not really funny.
 I think a lot of this stuff that...
 Fad comedy, or comedy fads,
 they're all mechanisms to relieve tension.
 Like, this is probably so funny,
 because of the dour culture around, you know,
 being alive in 14th century Germany
 didn't encourage this kind of irreverence.
 And like, I got a really funny joke from this joke,
 absolutely swept through 1968 Egypt.
 Which was, a man narrowly misses a bus,
 takes off down the street in pursuit.
 He's so fast that he catches up with the bus
 at the end of the Block-and-Homp subordinate.
 The conductor, seeing his feet,
 only charges him half-fair.
 So, here's what you need to know, apparently.
 In 1967, I didn't get the joke.
 I loved it if you're ready for set.
 Yes, I love it.
 I love the joke.
 It's not gone well this year.
 I didn't love the joke with an afterwards.
 Well, I guess these things were all contextual.
 They all killed contextually.
 So, Egyptian military personnel
 got 50% off on buses on public transport.
 And they had just been beaten in the '67 war
 in a way that was so bad that even in their own country,
 they sort of had like a reputation for retreating.
 That was like sort of not unlike the way
 that we think about the French in like today,
 in terms of comedy.
 Oh, so the bus driver sees this guy running.
 And he thinks this guy is running so fast
 that the only way he could be running this fast
 is if he's a soldier in retreat.
 So therefore, he gets 50% off on the bus.
 But some jokes are, some jokes do seem to be quite timeless.
 So that one, very specific to 1968, I guess, in Egypt.
 But how about this one from the 5th century BC?
 This is from ancient Roman joke books.
 So it was told it was recounted a bit later.
 But it's based on the 5th century BC
 and a Macedonian king was asked by his barber,
 "How should I cut your hair?"
 So the Macedonian king was Archelaus.
 And the barber asked him, "How should I cut your hair?"
 And Archelaus replied in silence.
 That's attributed to Churchill, I've seen that.
 And to Enoch Powell.
 Oh.
 But nicking it, all these classes is.
 And nicking it from the Macedonian king.
 Wow.
 He probably nicks it from someone else.
 So right.
 Researching this, the thing that I found the most interesting
 was like things, I guess, comedy fads throughout history
 that had their moment and then just totally disappeared.
 Like, sorry to read again.
 But I do want to give credit to Ken Jennings,
 who by the way, he's written this book called Planet Funny.
 And it is really funny and a really good history of comedy.
 And Ken, trivia wise, could give anyone on the planet
 to run for their money because he won 74 episodes of Jeopardy in a row,
 which is $2.1 million.
 But so Abraham Lincoln gathered his cabinet
 to the White House early on September 22nd, 1862.
 And his Secretary of War was really annoyed
 because he had a lot of this plate at the time,
 because it was the Civil War.
 And the president was reading very popular series of books
 from a really popular book by Artemis Ward,
 who was a country-fried humorist
 that sort of explored American comedy
 to London in the 1860s.
 And it was sort of like the president doing anchor man quotes.
 Like it was very, very popular.
 And sort of hack.
 And he was reading a sketch called the High-Handed Outrage at Utica
 about a traveling salesman trying to impress upstate New Yorkers
 with wax figurines of the 12 apostles.
 And a local ruffian ruins his trip
 by pounding his Judas stash you all the hell
 and the fit of religious forever.
 And he was laughing really loudly
 by the time he got to the end.
 And Stanton says, without a single member of the cabinet joining in.
 Undeterred the president, proceed to read a second chapter.
 And Stanton said he was about to walk out when the president declared
 an end to the open mic night and got to the business at hand.
 Pulling a paper from his trademark hat,
 he read to them a document he had just finished rising
 and it decided to issue the Emancipation Proclamation
 freeing every slave in the Confederacy.
 Whoa.
 But so he loved, so Lincoln loves.
 It's amazing.
 Loved Frontier humor because everyone loved Frontier humor
 but it wasn't something that people bragged about.
 When Lincoln was campaigning against opponents,
 they always tried to portray him
 as someone who enjoyed jokes.
 So the image of Lincoln as a Frontier'sman,
 which became its own genre of comedy,
 was actually something he spent so much of his life trying to get away from,
 like a Frontier comedy thing,
 was something that Lincoln really hated his entire life
 because it was a real political stab at him.
 But he had the misfortune he said of being part of this cultural phase
 of like corny comedy, literally coming from the word corny
 and came from like this idea of people who liked these jokes
 as cornfed picks.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 And so comedy fads throughout history are like very, very interesting.
 Yeah, really interesting.
 And just back onto what's he called night heart?
 Night heart.
 Yeah, so he was basically the biggest poet of his age.
 Before that, there was a lot of poetry and a lot of stories about nights
 and stuff like that.
 But he was the first one who talked about villages
 and that's why he had all this kind of scatological humour.
 Is the scatological element?
 The smell, is that a big part of the comedy?
 It was a big part of their lives.
 Yeah.
 But Farts have always been funny as well.
 You look back through over the centuries,
 people are always making fart jokes.
 There was a really cool series of Japanese scrolls
 that were discovered about 20 years ago, I think,
 and they're from the 17th and 19th century from the Edo period.
 And they are just literally pictured after picture of people having fart battles.
 And no one knows why, but people drop their trousers
 and they're blasting these massive farts at each other.
 And it shows the farts knocking people over and uprooting trees.
 It shows someone sitting cross-legged on the top of two massive farts
 being tossed up at him.
 It's bizarre, we don't know why.
 We think that it's probably metaphorical,
 as opposed to they had incredible flashes.
 Oh, nobody knows.
 Okay, that's it. That is all of our facts.
 Thanks so much for listening.
 We will be back again next week.
 And you can catch us on Twitter, some Twitter handles.
 Andy, you're on...
 At Andrew Hunter M.
 James, you're on...
 At James Harkin.
 Alex.
 I'm at Alex Edelman.
 And you can also email podcast@ky.com
 or you can go to @nosuchthing, our group Twitter account
 or you can go to @nosuchthingsafish.com
 which has all our previous episodes, details of our tours
 that are coming up, how you can buy our book,
 which we've just written.
 Alex, you have anything to sell?
 No, I just finished my run at the cell,
 but there should be a UK tour coming up
 and some dates in the United States.
 Awesome.
 Do you have a website?
 I do. My website's Alex Edelmancomedy.com,
 but I prefer you following me on social media.
 Okay, so do that.
 We'll get a time machine, go back in time,
 watch your show at the Edinburgh Fringe.
 Probably should have had you on a few months ago, shouldn't we?
 Yeah.
 Give us some tickets, baby.
 Sorry about that.
 I want to plug one thing,
 which is the upcoming QI podcast slash meal.
 We're not doing it.
 We're not letting this go.
 I'm wrapping this shit up.
 You cannot edit this out.
 Oh, Lord.
 Okay, thanks so much for listening.
 See you next week.
 Goodbye.
 (upbeat music)
