 Hi everyone, welcome to this week's episode of No Six Things as a fish.
 Well, what can I tell you about this week's show?
 Dan Schreiber is having a very well-earned little breather.
 He'll be back next week, don't you worry.
 And Dan is such a behemoth of a podcaster that in his place we have not just one, but two people.
 Now, the first person that we'll be replacing Dan is Athena Cablenu.
 Now, she is an amazing comedian, a really good friend of ours.
 You might remember her from our 20-hour comic relief special.
 She was part of the Guilty Feminist team in that.
 And actually, when we were on the Guilty Feminist, she was part of that show.
 She also has a BBC Radio 4 show called Athena's Cancel Culture,
 which is out right now on Radio 4.
 You can find that on the internet as well.
 And she has a podcast called Keeping Athena Company, which is absolutely fantastic.
 I can't recommend that highly enough.
 It's such a brilliant podcast.
 Oh, I did say there was a second person.
 The second person is Athena's son, who you might hear in the background from time to time,
 really kind of coming in at the exact moments that you would want him to.
 So it's almost like we've soundscaped this episode,
 but I promise you it isn't soundscaped.
 It was a tiny little human who was in the background of the show.
 I really hope you enjoyed it.
 We had such fun making it.
 We love Athena.
 And I suppose all that's left to say is on with the podcast.
 Hello and welcome to this week's episode of No Such Thing as a Fish,
 a weekly podcast coming to you from four secret locations somewhere on Earth.
 And specifically in London.
 My name is Anna Tyszynski, and I am here today with James Harkin and Johanna Murray
 and our very special, exciting guest, Athena Koblenu.
 And once again, we've gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days.
 And in no particular order, here we go.
 And starting with you, Athena, what's your facts?
 So this is my fact.
 The 100 folds of a chef's hat represent the 100 ways
 in which you can cook an egg, right?
 Does that mean, Athena, if you can only cook an egg like one way,
 for instance, then you can only have one fold or get a beret.
 Yeah. Chef Beret.
 I was going to say you get a little cone, but that's not a good kind of hat to wear.
 Big white cone on your head.
 That's not a good hat at all.
 I mean, I always thought I was an amazing cook.
 I'm like, you know, you see my Instagram, there's lots of food on there.
 But when I read that fact, I was like, I can't cook at all.
 I know three ways. That's it.
 Come on, mate. Even I know more than three ways to cook an egg.
 What's your three?
 Scrambled, omelette, fry.
 Oh, boil. I know four ways.
 Oh, I'm still short.
 Not tried puching any time.
 Oh, God. Yes. OK.
 Fine. Five.
 It's still, we're a long way off.
 We're five percent of the way there.
 And the rest of this section is just going to be us brainstorming
 other possible ways.
 Now, I will say, have you guys ever coddled an egg?
 No.
 Coddling an egg is lovely.
 It sounds like sort of taking it to bed with you, like a teddy.
 I think you sort of, you put it in, is it like you give it a bath?
 You put it in a little glass
 ramekin and then you give it a bath and that slowly cooks within that.
 And you mix it with spices and they that's very nice.
 Anyway, six. That's like a bain-marie.
 Yeah, seven.
 I think you can bake an egg.
 I once saw someone bake an egg.
 They put the egg in an oven and I thought.
 I've baked an egg before.
 Have you, in an oven?
 Yeah, like, like hollowed out a pepper
 and then broken egg in it and just baked it.
 Oh, but I've seen that someone put the shell.
 You can do this.
 You can just put the whole egg in the oven and bake it, which just
 which just for me feels like, like you don't really want the egg.
 So you're trying to wait as long as possible before you have to eat it.
 Well, do you know something that takes even longer than your boiled oven egg?
 You can do it in the dishwasher as well.
 Very nice.
 Oh, yeah.
 Wrap it up or, in fact, leave it in the shell and then just set the dishwasher running.
 And another longer way of doing it is the 100 year egg.
 Very long cycle in the dish.
 Sometimes it's called the thousand year egg.
 And sometimes it's just called a really disgusting egg because I've had this egg.
 I had it in Singapore and it's kind of what they do is they put it in clay
 and salt and they leave it for a few weeks and it kind of turns
 dark black and really, really sulfurous.
 And sometimes they call it horse urine egg because it tastes a bit like horse urine,
 apparently. Yeah, this is one way of eating eggs.
 There is.
 Yeah, they've got a recipe for that in my Chinese cookbook.
 I think it looks unappetizing.
 It's disgusting.
 It's really it looks like.
 I think they came out of this because somebody dropped an egg somewhere
 and they found it five weeks later and they're like, wait, it's not what not.
 And they said, well, we'll make it a recipe.
 And then no one puts me in prison for being disgusting.
 And that's how that works.
 Finally, we hadn't dropped it in this puddle of horse piss.
 If life gives you horse piss.
 Well, that is the story.
 It was like a Chinese guy who had like dropped some eggs,
 stuck eggs in a muddy puddle of water and they had a load of calcium in the water.
 And then he pulled them out and he thought, well, I might as well try them.
 You know, I might as well try them.
 And he's like, these are delicious.
 I need to come up with a way of making them.
 That is my approach to eating pretty much every encrusted
 ancient bit of food on the back of the fridge.
 I might as well just have most of it and see if I die.
 Do you know, this is great because when you've got a toddler,
 you find food everywhere, you know.
 So now I'm just going to give it a banana that's at the back of the couch
 because it's just cuisine, isn't it?
 It's just a new recipe.
 Exactly. It's a delicacy.
 I have a slightly exciting advance on the hundred bleeds in the chef's hat,
 which is this is from a book called The Culinary Guide from 1903.
 And it's by Georges Escoffier, who was a very famous.
 He was an early celebrity chef, not the earliest, but he turned the century.
 Anyway, his book lists two hundred and two ways to prepare eggs, excluding omelettes.
 And omelettes is another eighty two.
 And he also says that if you use the basic recipe for omelette norvegienne,
 it is it is possible to produce an almost infinite number of variations
 of this type of omelette.
 Then he says in brackets, omelette surprise.
 So well, yeah, sounds gross.
 Do you know where the word comes from? Oh, gosh, I'd assume from the word for egg.
 Does it come from the does it come from the sound of meditation?
 Yes. And that's shut up.
 No, no, no, no, no, no, no. It isn't. It isn't.
 It both isn't that.
 And I think I've just lost hearing in one of my ears.
 It comes from the same word as you get amulet omelette amulet.
 And also where you get laminate.
 So it means something that's something that's flat, basically.
 An old French word for something that's flat.
 And that's where we get it from.
 You know, apparently we've been boiling eggs wrong.
 According to according to we we've been boiling eggs.
 Oh, this whole time we've been boiling them wrong.
 I love these headlines.
 I once tried to search for all the things, all that you've been
 something wrong your whole life and I love it.
 Yeah, I want to say it's always like you've been tying your shoes wrong
 the whole life and then you look at it and some guy on the Internet
 has come up with a ridiculously stupid way of tying his shoes.
 Although you shouldn't say that because we actually did a fact
 about three years ago about how we have actually been tying your shoes
 wrong your whole life.
 Oh, was that us then?
 That was us on the internet.
 Yeah, we've been boiling eggs wrong and doing everything else wrong.
 But I tried to do it the right way.
 So this is according to MFK Fisher, who I think was this like amazing
 food writer in the 20th century, and she was very, very influential.
 And she said the key to boiling eggs is you shouldn't boil them.
 And because that cooks it unevenly.
 So if you boil it really hard, you drop it straight into boiling water.
 It cooks the white really fast.
 And by the time the yolk inside is cooked and the white is massively
 overcooked and it's all rubbery.
 So I tried her way, which is you put it in cold water and then you let
 the cold water boil and as soon as it hits the boil, you take it off.
 Oh, yeah, was it good?
 Well, it was the most frustrating 45 minutes of my life.
 You should have put it in your oven.
 It was, it was 45 minutes because it basically super glues the shell to the white.
 So, you know, normally if you appeal a hard boiled egg, then obviously
 the shell comes off and this it doesn't shock the white away from the shell
 when you drop it in boiling water.
 And so it took, I mean, I'm not kidding.
 It took 45 minutes to peel the shell off.
 I lost most of the white along the way, don't do it.
 MFK Fisher was pretty amazing, wasn't she?
 She was the one who W. H. Odin said was the greatest writer of any style
 in the whole of America.
 She was a food writer and she was the one who also said the perfect way
 to make a sandwich was to sit on it.
 So you make your sandwich and then you have to sit on it for half an hour
 just to kind of warm it up and squash it and then it's going to be a perfect sandwich.
 You're going to get a lot of customers returning their sandwiches to the kitchen.
 That's why I was fired from my job at prep.
 Just on on eggs and sort of how they're laid,
 you know when you've got an egg and you've boiled it and you peel it.
 And you know, there's that gap between the white and the shell.
 There's like a little air pocket.
 Yeah. Do you know what that is?
 It's I don't know what it is, but I know it makes it really easy to peel them.
 That's my. Yeah, it's really handy.
 If you find that and you crack the egg there, you can peel your eggs really easily.
 Top tip. That's what it's for.
 That's that's evolution for you.
 It's evolved to help us peel up all day.
 No, it's a it's a little air hole for the chick.
 So in case the egg is fertilised, the chick will be inside and then it needs
 to practice breathing to inflate its lungs before it cracks out.
 So the way it does that about a day before it cracks out of the shell,
 it pecks its beak into that little air hole and uses it like a snorkeler mask
 and just practices breathing every day.
 I take a step closer to veganism and I know.
 I mean, how adorable is that?
 And we're here making omelettes out of it.
 Yeah, it makes beautiful.
 So I'm probably going to upset you now because I've eaten ballot,
 which is a Vietnamese thing where the the egg has a semi fertilised chick
 inside the egg when they cook it.
 I must admit, when I tried it, I couldn't.
 I could only eat the bit of egg around the.
 I'll just I'll just eat around.
 It's like it's a real delicacy in Vietnam
 and sometimes used as a way of getting over your hangover as well.
 I mean, you can't criticise it, can you?
 If you eat eggs, then there's no it's not really that much different.
 But how do you time that?
 Do you get like an ultrasonic scanner?
 You give it like an egg ultrasound.
 Then you go, right, it's three weeks.
 It's good to go.
 Oh, no.
 Oh, I don't know if I can.
 There's something about the idea of it, so obviously, you know.
 Well, if we're anthropomorphising eggs and we are now all eggs in America
 have had a little shampoo before they go into the shops.
 Yeah, it's so weird.
 So they love in America, they love to wash their eggs.
 But that creates a problem because they have this natural bloom on them.
 They have this sort of bacterial layer, which we can't see.
 But it's a rather it keeps bacteria out.
 It's a way of kind of protecting it.
 So, you know, if the egg gets a bit of poo on it or whatever,
 as it's being laid, it's fine.
 It doesn't matter.
 And so in America, they love to give them a little shampoo.
 But then the problem is you shampoo them
 and then there are the high odds of bacterial invasion.
 So then they have to refrigerate them and spray them with oil as a nightmare.
 So we don't do that in Europe.
 It is illegal to wash an egg before you sell it to people.
 Wow. Yeah.
 I always think if you kind of get an egg and there's a little feather on there,
 I always think that's a very probably a fresh egg from a chicken
 who had a very good life or something.
 But I reckon there's probably a person in a factory just putting feathers in the egg.
 And the poo, yeah, but it's a bone.
 Because if you get a bit of chicken poo, you think, oh,
 that's literally just come out of its arse.
 I wasn't even had time to lose the poo, but you're right.
 I bet someone's just taping it on because they do that with yolks.
 What colour yolks do you guys want?
 Like orangey, do you crack your egg into the pan?
 Yeah. I want a bright yellow yolk.
 Like literally like the sun, but like really deep rich yellow.
 Yeah. Rich. I go with that.
 I want one that's more like Donald Trump's skin colour,
 like really deep, dark orange.
 You want to go orange?
 Well, people do seem to prefer orange.
 And it's because they think the chicken's like healthier.
 So, yeah, if it's like really rich yellow or deep orange,
 they're like that shows that it's had a better diet.
 And so producers have realised that people prefer that.
 And so they just feed them died food.
 So whenever you get an egg and it has a rich orange yolk,
 it does not taste better and it is not more nutritious.
 It is probably in like 99% of cases.
 It's that the farmer has basically put
 usually an additive or some dye in their food.
 Sometimes if you're going organic, apparently they'll feed them
 marigold petals or red petals to help the carotenoids, you know,
 the stuff that dyes carrots and stuff orange to help them get into the egg.
 I think that is a good sign, though.
 If my farmer is willing to pick marigold petals
 in order to feed them to the chicken, it's going right.
 Throwing the petals around so that the chickens have a really romantic evening.
 You're right. Valentine's Day in the in the heart is a huge deal.
 Very quickly on the hat itself, the 100 cleats hat.
 Yeah. And so invented by Marie Antoine Karem,
 who was probably the predecessor to a scoffier who Andy mentioned earlier on,
 probably maybe the first celebrity chef, I would say.
 I'm not sure. I can't think of anyone earlier.
 But he had these big hats because he wanted to have authority.
 And he thought the bigger and more erect your hat is the more people take you seriously.
 And so the better a chef you were, the taller it was supposed to be.
 And his was 18 inches in height.
 Yeah. I mean, this is the man's like invention, clearly.
 This is like, how can I make people respect me 18 inches? That's respect.
 Yeah, I kind of think it was a bit of that.
 Alexis Sawyer, who was around the same time, he was the chef of the reform club.
 He wore a big black velvet beret with a huge tassel.
 And the whole point of that was he was too important to cook with it.
 He was like the head chef.
 Everyone else, the sous chef and stuff, did all the work.
 He was the big head chef.
 And if he wore a hat that was too impractical to do any work,
 it showed that he was really important.
 That's brilliant. That's so clever.
 So, yeah, it's just too difficult for him to cook.
 Therefore, he's the boss.
 Pretty much. You should try it in the office, Andy.
 Come into the office wearing sort of mittens and a balaclava.
 And sunglasses, so I can't see any words in front of me.
 And gaffer tape your mouth.
 This is sounding better and better.
 OK, it is time for fact number two.
 And that is James Harkin.
 OK, my fact this week is that when men are played the sound of a baby crying,
 if they're told it's a boy, they'll think it's in more pain
 than if they're told it's a girl.
 Wow.
 So what men think male babies are macho, is that?
 Yes, you've kind of got there, Andy, almost.
 So this is a new study by researchers at the University of Sussex,
 the University of Leon Santetien and Hunter College City University in New York.
 And what they did was they played a load of cries to men and women,
 their parents, actually, and they asked them whether they thought
 the child was in pain or happy or sad or how much pain it was in, etc., etc.
 And the thing is that before puberty, the voices of boys and girls,
 and especially babies, the cries of boys and girls are the same.
 There's no difference in pitch.
 But people, especially men, think that the male baby will have a deeper cry.
 And so when they hear the cry, if it's high pitch, they think it's in more pain.
 And because they expect the male baby to have a deeper cry,
 normally they think that the difference means that it's in more pain.
 I think that's really funny that it's like, what's wrong with this child?
 And they expect to like bury white to come out of its mouth.
 And it's a high pitch, high pitch squeal.
 It's like, oh, my gosh, no, it's a baby.
 There's nothing wrong with your child.
 That's where it's the beard. Where's his beard?
 And yeah, it is quite funny.
 The thing that the researchers say is it could have implications
 for the welfare of children, because it means that if a female child is crying,
 you might give it less attention than if a male child is crying.
 Oh, this is why we have man flu then, clearly,
 because boys are so used to being given attention they don't need.
 Or, you know, then they grow out to be like, oh, got a little cough.
 Oh, it's the flu. It's the flu.
 Whereas girls are like, yeah, girls are going to work with like headless
 because that's fine. It's just a scratch.
 Oh, my God, I think you might be hit on something there.
 That feels right, doesn't it?
 Yeah, I thought it was that male parents say, you know,
 they'll they'll listen to the crying and they'll think,
 well, my baby boy wouldn't be making a fuss unless it was something really serious.
 It wouldn't be disturbing me.
 Well, that might be true as well,
 but this study was specifically about the pitch of the cells.
 Well, so we just have to start complaining in a deeper voice
 in order to have people take notice of us.
 No, you have to complain in a much, much, much higher voice
 to make up for the fact that you have a higher voice already.
 Oh, sorry. Yeah, we have all we have to speak in deeper voices all the time.
 And then the contrast to our high complain.
 Don't go too high because then it will just be dogs that care.
 Dogs are pretty comforting. I think that might work for me.
 It's with the response to babies crying, right, that you get.
 Well, I'm always told that once you become a mother, I guess, specifically,
 you have a very instinctive response to babies crying.
 So I hear babies crying and I think that's a really horrible noise.
 And I think, actually, there was a study on the noises people find most grating
 and babies crying was the worst.
 But like, is there a difference?
 Do you find there was a difference once you had children, Athena,
 where like you hear a baby crying and like a bit of you dies?
 Yes. Or does it sound lovely?
 Does it suddenly sound wonderful?
 There's only one difference.
 And that is when you hear the baby cry, you lactate.
 That's the only difference really.
 It never gets more or less annoying.
 It just you just start leaking.
 But yeah, there's definitely I think it's I mean, I would speculate
 it's evolution, isn't it?
 Because when it's what's really funny is babies have unique cries.
 They all do. But sometimes you go out in public and there'll be a baby
 that sounds like your baby and that baby will make you lactate
 because it will just have a similar pitch or a sound.
 Right. And I'll be like, oh, that sounds like that sounds like one of my kids.
 And then it's, oh, dearie me, here we go again.
 I forgot my pads.
 Sorry, I can only apologise to any listeners who can hear the baby
 in the background and have spontaneously started lactating.
 Lactation is so weird, though.
 So there's tons of stuff I didn't know.
 Like people can lactate when they're not mothers.
 And this is really, really important in loads of societies.
 And it seems to be quite under-researched.
 So they're like hunter-gatherer societies where there's a lot more
 aloe parenting, where it's parenting in groups.
 So there's not even really one specific caregiver.
 Your baby will be cared for by maybe 12 different people.
 And grandmothers will be able to lactate.
 So they'll, and it's just by like having the nipples stimulated very often.
 Women who have had a baby before at some point,
 they'll just lactate again so they can nurse their infants
 or your friend who's had a baby wants to nurse the infant.
 Interesting. And the idea is that if you live in like a society,
 then it's useful for more than one person to be able to do that.
 Right. Is that the idea?
 Yeah, I think it's a little bit of survival, wasn't as guaranteed.
 So if your mum dies, then you can just latch on to someone else.
 But also, I guess it's just a different way cultures develop.
 Like the Aka people who are in Central Africa,
 I don't think we've talked about them before.
 They're the ones who have fathers who spend as much time with the babies
 as the mothers, and they're totally interchangeable, their roles.
 And they're always holding their kids.
 So they're in contact with kids up to the age of one and a half
 for like 97 percent of the time they're either touching or holding.
 And the fathers, when they're doing it, which will be about 50 percent of the time,
 they will let the babies suckle on their nipples.
 So when the baby needs comforting, it just suckles on its father's teats.
 At least there's a use for male nipples because they have no other function.
 So exactly. That makes that makes a lot of sense.
 There's a great fact about breastfeeding, which I found out first with the first baby.
 If you do it continuously, it's a form of natural contraception.
 You know that I didn't know that because you can't the idea.
 You don't want to conceive children one after the other really quickly.
 That's quite bad if you're like a woman and you've gone through pregnancy.
 You want to kind of wait, give it, give yourself a bit of time.
 You know what I mean? And the lactation helps you do that, which I didn't know.
 That's really interesting.
 It's smart. I feel like it's not guaranteed.
 No, I wouldn't. I wouldn't bank on it.
 I'd give yourself a safety net if I was used to anyone listening.
 Like get yourself an insurance policy.
 However, when I had my first, I didn't have a period for like a year.
 Like, yeah, it was brilliant.
 I was like, I'm going to breastfeed forever.
 You know, it's kind of in the child's interest then to carry on breastfeeding
 because then there aren't any more children to kind of like use up the.
 Oh, yeah, resources. Yeah. Yeah.
 You don't want any bastard siblings.
 That's why they want to keep latched on.
 So, Athena, you were saying that you can really tell the difference
 between the cries of your baby and someone else's baby.
 This is interesting because lots of animals and even lots of mammals
 can't tell the difference between their young and other animals.
 So this was an experiment by someone called Susan Lingle
 where she played a deer through a speaker,
 the noise of other mammals' babies crying and, you know, making a noise.
 And the deer cannot tell the difference.
 So they will react very strongly to a baby deer, but also to a baby bat,
 a baby marmot, a baby eland.
 It will just run. It's like, oh, no, there's a young mammal in trouble.
 And this might be because, I mean, the reason is because mammals
 have the same larynx or really similar larynxes until puberty.
 And then the difference between all the species kicks in.
 But before puberty, basically, it's like spread betting.
 You know, you parents need to respond to a cry
 which might be their child just in case it's their child in danger.
 And so if it turns out to be a baby marmot, then, you know, well, such is life.
 And it's useful for the child because then you might get some if you're in trouble.
 You might, you know, you might be a dear Bambi sort of getting in trouble
 because there's some people coming trying to shoot you.
 And then a friendly bat might come along to save you.
 Well, you'd hope for a bear.
 You'd be like, oh, man, I hope the bear would come.
 That would be really useful.
 But this does imply that if, you know, you're walking past a certain fox cub
 or something, Athena, then you might start lactating.
 I would have thought that certain mammals could induce lactation
 in the same way that certain babies could, right?
 I hadn't considered that.
 The neighbours have just got a new puppy.
 You're in trouble.
 So stock up on pads.
 I'll have to go outside and I'll just say, get your dog out here for a second.
 Let's do an experiment.
 Let's see how that works.
 Babble is a weird thing.
 Baby's babble, right?
 And that it kind of starts to imitate language, I guess.
 And I think people can tell if babies are babbling in their own language.
 So if I heard a five month old making nonsense noises,
 I should be able to tell whether it's an English speaker or a non-English speaker.
 Because, again, they imitate the quality of the tone,
 the timbre of the voice in which they're speaking.
 But it's really interesting because babies of deaf parents who speak sign language
 babble in sign language.
 So whereas that you'll have like a five month old baby
 who doesn't know any sign language, has never seen sign language.
 They'll just randomly clench their fists and like, play their hands out.
 Sign language babies will kind of babble.
 So they'll make signs a little bit like words,
 but that don't specifically mean anything yet.
 But with like quite deliberate, like they're practicing trying to learn it.
 But baby sign is a thing that you can teach your babies how to sign.
 Right.
 Like from about six months onwards, you can get them to tell you when they're hungry.
 You can get them to tell you when they need to go toilet.
 It takes like time and effort, but this is a true story.
 And I keep, I didn't do it with my first song, it's going to be bothered.
 But this one now, I was like, right,
 we're having such a hard time putting train in the first one.
 I'm like, right, we're learning sign.
 I'm doing it.
 I'm investing 20 minutes a day in just, just tell me when you need to toilet.
 That's all that's the only thing I want.
 That's the only thing you need to say, isn't it?
 Everything else is fine, but it's distinctive as well.
 So they're babies.
 A lot of the time it's, you just have to learn what they're doing instinctively.
 So apparently they, if a baby brings their fingers to their mouth, really easy one.
 I'm hungry.
 And there's another one which means I need a poo, which I've forgotten.
 But it can be done.
 I've been told I've been told I'm going to interview you in six months time.
 You'll be interviewing the baby.
 How about that?
 That is, I think you mentioned an email, Athena, and I've read this thing as well
 about potty training babies.
 And I actually forgot to go back to it, but there are definitely people who don't
 believe in nappies at all.
 And there's a way of potty training babies where you just kind of let them poo
 whenever they want to.
 And you learn when it looks like they're going to poo.
 And then you run them to the loo and you never have to use a nappy, which sounds great.
 And there's a bunch of New York mothers who kind of do that.
 And they say for the first month or two, you do get some poo on your carpet.
 Sounds like a lot of jeopardy.
 Yes.
 But then you sort of train the babies to give you a sign when they're going to go
 to the loo, like you say, there'll be a sort of sign they use, whether they point
 at their bum, I don't know, do a little fart.
 And then it's like you've got to run them to a toilet.
 You have, yeah, laminate floors.
 That's what I'd say for that one.
 That's the real key.
 If you haven't got laminate, I'd probably just get some pampers.
 But nappies are really wasteful.
 Like, I think a baby goes through, you know, in, well, first of all, in the 80s,
 babies used to put your train around 18 months.
 Because at that point, because people used to use terry towels and things like that.
 And terry towels get wet.
 So babies are like, oh, this is horrible.
 And they're like, you know what, let me get me on a toilet.
 This is disgusting.
 And they're also harder to crawl in.
 So they're not as mobile, so uncomfortable.
 But now we use kind of these nappies that are really comfortable.
 So I understand they're comfortable.
 They're really dry.
 They make, they allow babies to be mobile.
 The average age for training now is about between two and three.
 So you're saying they've been indulged?
 Well, yeah, absolutely.
 Well, indulge, obviously, to make more money for companies that make nappies.
 But that's incredible, right?
 Like babies that used to train at 18 months now train at three years.
 That's the supervillain plotline.
 Do you want a company that's investing in making nappies so good
 that people never take them off?
 I know, that's what I was thinking.
 There's new smart nappies that have just been invented by pampers.
 They're called Lumi.
 And I reckon once these are in, you're literally until you're in your early 20s,
 you're going to be wearing those.
 Is this where they text you, James?
 Well, they tell you, yeah.
 They tell you they text the parents saying, I have checked myself.
 If I'm so far from my baby that I need to be texted,
 that means someone, someone else's job.
 I've paid the sitter to deal with that.
 What is it to me for?
 You should just text the nearest phone, shouldn't it, to the baby?
 Yeah.
 But then everyone, of course, because it's a smart thing,
 everyone's worried about hackers and that someone might hack possible.
 What possible data can the hackers get that's going to help them on this?
 Unless they're working for Big Pampa and maybe.
 Well, all it can really do is tell you how often this individual child
 shits themselves or pisses themselves.
 But the idea could be that it might be attached to your phone
 and then using your phone, they might be able to get your bank details, maybe.
 I feel it feels like a stretch.
 It feels like if I was a hacker,
 this wouldn't be the first thing I would hack in order to get to the purse strings.
 You know, yeah.
 Getting bank details to a baby's bottom doesn't feel round about way.
 OK, it is time for fact number three.
 And that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that traditional Ethiopian households
 can spend up to nine hours a day on coffee ceremonies.
 Wow. Now I know what you're thinking.
 Come on, no, no. That's what I'm thinking.
 They wouldn't get anything done.
 So I should specify, I asked far too many people about this.
 I actually ended up interviewing four separate people
 who have lived in Ethiopia or Ethiopian.
 And basically coffee ceremonies are a massive part of life in Ethiopia.
 And they can last up to three hours.
 So the first hour is roasting the coffee
 and then you kind of grind it and make it.
 And then it's all about sitting around, having a chat, debating politics.
 What have you.
 And so you'll do that.
 And then particularly in rural places, you might do it three times a day.
 So breakfast, lunch and dinner time.
 Now, you probably aren't doing it three times a day every day for three hours
 because you wouldn't be able to hold down a job.
 No, maybe they have like a Nespresso machine for day to day stuff.
 And then for the special occasions, they do the three hour thing.
 No. Yeah. Yeah.
 Maybe it's a lockdown thing, you know, it's a lockdown.
 You might as well spend nine hours a day.
 Yeah, you're right. It's a good idea.
 How how do we fill our time?
 Let's drag this out for a while.
 The queues at Starbucks in Ethiopia must be absolutely enormous.
 Can you imagine if there's one person in front of you that's two days away?
 And after all that time, they still get your name wrong.
 Three hours. Come on.
 I suppose one guy who runs this place called Kaffa Coffee,
 which is actually this really nice Ethiopian coffee.
 Would like Van in Dulston.
 Anyway, he was great.
 So he was I was asking him about it and holding up the queue behind me.
 And he was saying that actually how it would work where he was from anyway,
 is that you'd be in your village and you would hear the first person
 to get up and start roasting the beans because it makes a really loud noise.
 You've got a very, very hot pan.
 And when the beans crash onto it, they really crackle at first.
 And once you hear that person, you're like, OK, someone else is doing the coffee today.
 I don't have to. And you're bringing your leftovers from the night before from the meal.
 If you've got some bread left over and you'll sort of swap that for some coffee
 and hang out doing that.
 So that makes more sense.
 Like it's not every single household is doing that many times a day.
 Well, Kaffa actually is the name of the region, isn't it?
 In Ethiopia, where coffee originated, I think.
 And actually, it's where we and almost every country in the world
 gets the word for coffee is from this place, Kaffa.
 Wow. Makes sense.
 We have said before, just in case there's a pedant out there that coffee originated
 in Yemen and there is some hot debate between those two countries about it.
 And I think you can engage with that, if you want.
 What I think and, you know, I don't want to get into a conflict
 with the Yemenis or the Ethiopians, but I think the coffee plants
 was really found in Ethiopia, but then modern day coffee.
 Actually, not even modern day coffee, but, you know, early modern coffee
 came from Yemen to drink.
 That sounds right.
 Well, it sounds like you're determined to not pick a side in this conflict.
 Quite cool in this coffee ceremony as well.
 The traditional ceremony has three rounds.
 And the first round is where you get your strongest cup
 and then you re pour the water.
 So it's a weaker cup for the second round.
 And then the weakest is the last round.
 And they're called Abol Tona and Bereka.
 And that is, according to their legend, the name of the three goats
 who invented coffee, according to Ethiopian legend.
 Again, I did ask this guy and he was like, yeah, yeah, the goats.
 They're the names of the goats.
 And the idea is that like over a thousand years ago,
 a goat herder saw his goats acting all jumpy and twitchy and weird.
 And then he saw that they'd eaten these cherries sitting next to them.
 And they were the coffee cherries.
 And so he brought them to some monks.
 See, this is just like the eggs.
 It's just like the thousand year egg being discovered completely by mistake.
 No one is ever willing to admit I grew a plant
 and I experimented with hundreds of ways of cooking it.
 And this is the one I discovered.
 It's my work that's done this.
 It's always always a magic plant
 and the goats happen to be sprightly.
 What makes me laugh about that story is that he saw his goats for dancing.
 He was like, I want what they're having.
 I wouldn't go near it personally myself, but thank goodness that person did.
 Exactly.
 The mind of a great inventor always wants to mimic the dancing goat.
 Have you guys heard of the women's petition against coffee?
 This was a pamphlet that was published in England in 1674.
 And it was at a time when coffee was quite controversial
 because coffee houses, as I think Anna said, they allow discussion of all sorts.
 Politics is one thing.
 So, you know, you might be discussing politics
 and you might decide that you don't like the king very much or whatever.
 So political discussion was dangerous.
 And anyway, this women's petition against coffee was published in 1674,
 which claimed all sorts of stuff.
 It said coffee makes a man as unfruitful as the deserts
 whence that unhappy berry is said to be brought.
 So it sort of damages men's fertility.
 Or that when a woman approaches the nuptial bed
 expecting a man that should answer the vigor of her flames,
 she why should she only meet a bed full of bones and hug a meagre useless corpse?
 Strong stuff about coffee.
 But I know the weird thing is it probably wasn't by women.
 It's written in a way which implies that it's written by a man,
 sort of ventriloquizing women, like, oh, it makes men so gossipy.
 They're more gossipy than us women who are writing this petition.
 It's in that kind of vein.
 And also, was it in the petition, the thing about meeting an old skeleton corpse in bed?
 That was in the petition.
 Yeah. See, that doesn't sound like a woman to me.
 It's like a relief if what you're meeting is sort of skeletal mess.
 He doesn't want to do anything.
 That sounded very much a man.
 And also, coffee is supposed to make you live longer.
 So you're less likely to meet a skeleton.
 He'll be full of life.
 And these are all these are all arguments against the women's petition.
 I also thought if you drank lots of coffee, you turned into George Clooney.
 Is that not that's what TV's taught me?
 Yeah, that's right. Keep drinking it, James.
 Keep going.
 You're nearly there.
 Is that right? I'm doing nine hours a day, so I shouldn't be right now.
 That or Anthony Head, do you remember his old adverts?
 Oh, yeah, of course.
 Anthony Head, is he the guy from Buffy?
 Yeah.
 Yeah, but he's the guy from the Nescafé sexy couple flirting adverts, really.
 Yeah, that does ring a bell.
 He was quite an anxious character in Buffy, so a bad person to advertise coffee.
 Whereas George Clooney is much more chill.
 That's true, but why do you think he was anxious, Anna?
 Is that delicious Nescafé, isn't it?
 He was off his head on Nescafé all the time.
 Yeah, that's what it was, all withdrawing.
 So coffee withdrawal is a thing, which I don't drink enough coffee.
 I don't think to get serious withdrawal, but you've quit before, Andy, haven't you?
 I've quit. I'm currently quit.
 You're currently quit.
 You seem like you've got the shakes.
 You've been very old.
 Is that is that why?
 Have you ever been you've never been properly on it, though?
 Have you or have you?
 No, I was.
 I was for years and years.
 I just drinking several a day.
 And then when you stop, you just have a headache for two weeks.
 And then and then that's that.
 Yeah, I can vouch for that.
 I quit drinking coffee.
 That it's very inconsistently advice.
 Some people say you can't you can have coffee when you're pregnant.
 Some people can say you can't.
 But I just quit anyway.
 I thought I'd quit and then my teeth has not been yellow.
 Because that would be the advantage and I got a headache.
 Yeah, you feel well when you stop drinking that as much caffeine as you used to.
 Absolutely.
 Did you feel less awake or less alert or less focused or anything?
 Yeah, but that's what we do to the fact I was growing up human, you know?
 Like, to be honest, I started drinking coffee again recently.
 And I think it's all a bit of mythology video.
 I don't think it makes you any more alert or awake.
 I just think you just get a bit attached to the kind of your brain
 getting a bit wired, you know?
 But I'm not I'm not more productive when I'm like, I'm not more productive
 when I'm shaking like a leaf.
 If anything, I'm less productive.
 Well, some people, it does seem to work for some people.
 I kind of agree.
 It makes me twitchy and endlessly Google weird health symptoms wrong with me
 rather than do actual work.
 But Michael Pollan, who's the brilliant food writer
 who wrote a book called Caffeine, which is an audio book, actually.
 He is a huge coffee fan and he quit while writing the book
 and it almost ruined the actual book, which I like a book on caffeine
 was almost destroyed by caffeine withdrawal.
 But he basically said that he felt like he wasn't in writing in his first language anymore.
 Everything was so like words didn't hang together properly.
 There was this fog between him and reality.
 He lost all confidence and he thought this whole book is a completely stupid idea.
 I'm going to stop writing it.
 I mean, that is a symptom of writing a book.
 I think he might be blaming the coffee so that he can plug his book about coffee.
 Yeah, that literally sounds like imposter syndrome.
 You old cynics, I felt sorry for him.
 No, I didn't.
 But he did tell me why coffee apparently does keep you awake,
 which again, I've always thought it sends me to sleep.
 But I didn't know that it was that we basically have a neurotransmitter,
 like a chemical which sends your body a signal, which is called adenosine,
 which is what tells you to go to sleep.
 So it slots into a little receptor in your body,
 which is just the right size for it.
 And tells you to go to sleep.
 And caffeine, the chemical, is exactly the right shape to fit into that receptor.
 So when you drink caffeine, it slips into there ahead of the sleep chemical.
 And so it stops the sleep chemical getting in.
 So it just doesn't tell your body to go to sleep.
 That's really clever.
 Yeah, it's so cool, isn't it?
 I didn't know that.
 Do you think, OK, here's a question for you.
 Do you think you can flush out caffeine by drinking decaf?
 No, no, no, no, no.
 Well, you can't. You're all right in your assumption.
 Is that a thing?
 What? I was just checking.
 I read this online and I thought, well, that seems very obvious and basic to me.
 But I was hoping one of you would fall into my incredibly obvious trap.
 Wait, let me tell you. Well done.
 Did you ask, like, so somebody would drink a cup of like caffeinated coffee
 and then drink a decaf and think that balances it out?
 That's like having a gin and tonic and then having a Coke and being like,
 I'm fine to drive.
 No, no, don't worry. I've had 15 Cokes.
 They make a lot of coffee.
 They grow a lot of coffee in Mastnik, the island.
 And the story of how they did that is really interesting.
 There was a naval officer called Gabrielle DeCleur.
 And he decided, why is that funny?
 It's a funny name.
 It just sounded like you'd seen a long name when you'd given up on it.
 Maybe I was doing like some French babbling or something.
 Gabrielle DeCleur.
 And he decided that he was going to take a plant from Paris
 because they had some in the Royal Gardens there.
 And he was going to take it down to Martinique and grow some coffee
 plantations down there.
 But the king didn't really want to give him any of his coffee plants
 because they were really valuable.
 So he kind of sneaked in and stole a little seedling from the Royal Garden.
 And then he decided to go to Martinique,
 which is a long, long way away from Paris.
 First of all, he was caught in a storm and then they got attacked by pirates.
 And all the time he's got this tiny little coffee plant that he's looking after.
 There was a spy from the Netherlands who went after him
 and tried to kill his seedling.
 Just one seedling he had.
 One little seedling, one little plant.
 That's so funny.
 And this little plant, like the spy, came and tried to kill him.
 They, because he was at sea for a long time, they didn't have much rations.
 And so he took his tiny bit of water that he was allowed to drink
 and he would share it with his seedling to keep it alive.
 And then he got it to Martinique and planted it.
 And 50 years later, there were 80 million coffee trees on Martinique.
 I can't even look after my yucca.
 And even after a coffee plant on a boat.
 Good for him. Good for him.
 I think that has the makings of a great film where it's one man and his seedling.
 And, you know, he's on the boat
 and all the other sailors are looking hungrily at the seedling.
 And they look at it and turns it into a big leg of ham before them or whatever.
 I can't believe you didn't even bring a spare.
 Take two.
 I can't believe that Andy, when he becomes a film director,
 his kind of film will have people looking at things
 and then turning into massive hams.
 It's strongly based on the cut, the Looney Tunes.
 I can't see you getting many Oscar nominations for that kind of movie.
 We'll see. We'll see.
 When the best ham category is launched thanks to my extensive lobbying campaign
 and the winner for 10 years, the road, John Ham.
 One more thing.
 The coffee filter was invented by a woman called Melita Benz.
 And she, according to her son, you'll love this, Andy,
 because I know you love your origin stories.
 She's trying to come up with a way of making coffee.
 And she just got really frustrated
 and ripped out a page of her son's notebook from school
 and stuck it in an old tin pot.
 And it just happened to make this perfect coffee.
 And she decided that, go on.
 I I like that story because it's an innovator
 thinking of looking at her environment, coming up with a thing and adapting it.
 If it if it was going with the classic format, it would be
 she was trying to pour her coffee.
 And unfortunately, her son dropped his notebook
 and a leaf was torn out and landed on top of the cup.
 And when she poured it, it caught all the ground.
 You go, oh, my God.
 So I've applauded Melissa Benz for this.
 OK, fair enough.
 Well, during World War Two, the company stopped making any filters
 and started making supplies for the Nazis.
 Oh, OK.
 When I said I applauded Melita Benz, I'd like to I'd like to clarify.
 What for a point?
 Well, you don't applaud her, Andy, because after the war,
 she started a program that compensated victims of a Nazi's forced labor policy.
 All right. When I said I didn't approve of her, I'd like to clarify.
 Again.
 Coffee was officially blessed in the 17th century by the Catholic Church
 because the Pope liked it and you could do that.
 So it was kind of thought as an evil drink.
 It started in in Africa or in Yemen somewhere and they all drink it around there.
 Then it got up into the Middle East and the Arabian Peninsula.
 Everyone's drinking it.
 So then it came over to Catholic Europe and everyone went, well,
 it's the drink of the infidel.
 And then Pope Clement VIII tasted some and thought, right, I love this.
 What am I going to do?
 Because everyone's saying this is the invention of Satan.
 It's awful. So he said, look, it's so delicious.
 It would be awful to just let the infidels have use of it.
 Let's trick Satan and bless it so we turn it into a Christian drink.
 And he did.
 And that's why you go to heaven if you drink coffee.
 But that's really interesting.
 Something I realised, I didn't really realise this is how popular coffee is.
 There's only one thing that's drunk more regularly than coffee and that's water.
 It's literally the second most popular drink in the world.
 Wow.
 Which is incredible because it doesn't taste that nice.
 I thought it might be Ribena or.
 But it's the second which means that humans,
 we're doing something wrong in life for us to be needed so much caffeine in our life.
 Like we need to introduce siestas all around the world, basically.
 This is this is what we need.
 You're right, because it doesn't taste nice.
 Whatever anyone's claiming.
 We are just doing it in order to keep ourselves awake.
 Let's just start sleeping more.
 The idea of a Ribena based society.
 I think it's less sexy if Anthony Head from Buffy is knocking on his neighbour's door at night
 saying have you got any Bina?
 But he would be dressed like a massive Ribena berry, wouldn't he?
 Why is that not sexy?
 His little arm sticking out.
 I don't know, George Clooney and that's still sexy.
 I think we could all agree.
 OK, it is time for our final fact of the week and that is Andy.
 My fact is that the 18th century grammarian, Alexander the Corrector,
 carried a sponge wherever he went just in case he spotted any offensive graffiti.
 He sounds great.
 He's my hero.
 He was a Scottish author.
 His name was Alexander Crudden, C-I-U-D-E-N.
 He was an author, proofreader and...
 You could see why he sort of changed his mnemonic to the Corrector, can't you?
 Yeah, he was a bookseller.
 He was a stationer.
 He was eccentric, definitely.
 He was famous for having written a concordance to the Bible,
 which is an index of the Bible.
 We'll get on to that later.
 But also he carried...
 Let's get on to it now.
 Yeah, come on, OK.
 He wrote an index to the Bible.
 He wrote a verbal index of the Bible.
 So he took every single word of the King James Bible,
 apart from "the" and "of" and really sort of nuts and bolts ones.
 Every single other word, you know, "shoe" or "ham" or whatever, he made an index.
 "Ham" is a good one because the son of Noah was called Ham.
 Son of Noah, I knew you were going to bring it up.
 I don't know if "ham" and "ham" would have different entries in the Corrector.
 I suspect a word.
 He knew what he was doing.
 Yeah, it's three times as long as the actual Bible.
 And it just tells you which words appear where in the Bible.
 That's like only the really hardcore fans read that one.
 It's like people who've read the Silmarillion over Lord of the Rings, isn't it?
 Oh, you might have read the Bible, but...
 Have you read it in alphabetical order?
 Such a weird thing to do.
 It took him 12 years, didn't it?
 Unsurprising.
 And it was like all of the word "all", for instance, he recorded.
 So he included some pretty relevant words in there.
 But the thing is, the Bibles are ready index.
 It's like Proverbs, Mark, John, Luke.
 Like it's already in sections.
 Yeah, it's in chapters, you're right.
 You know, you're making the classic mistake of confusing contents and index.
 And Alejandro, the Corrector, would be turning in his grave right now.
 You'd be corrected.
 Dan wouldn't have done that.
 Dan wouldn't.
 It's taken this long for us to feel his loss.
 Yeah, he was weird.
 So he didn't like grammar mistakes either.
 He didn't like grammar mistakes and he didn't like offensive graffiti.
 And he had his own very idiosyncratic interpretation of what offensive was.
 So he didn't like the number 45, which at the time, lots of people were writing...
 That was the main one, wasn't it?
 The number 45 was the main thing that he hated the most.
 He only liked LPs, didn't he?
 He didn't like...
 Maybe he predicted...
 Did he predict Donald Trump's presidency and hated that?
 That's exactly it.
 He hated that.
 It's nothing to do with that.
 It's because of John Wilkes, the radical.
 John Wilkes was a radical author at the time and he had written a work attacking the monarchy,
 which had been published in issue number 45 of a magazine called The North Britain, which
 published, you know, exciting political content.
 So 45 became a bit of a rallying cry for anti-monarchists at the time.
 People would write 45 on walls and doors and floors and things like that.
 But if Alexander the Corrector spotted it with his sponge, he'd get rid of it immediately.
 What do you think he would do if, like, just your house number was number 45?
 I don't know.
 And you've got 45 when you've really been.
 Yeah.
 And just not even looking at it and he keeps coming round and, like, taking it off.
 Like, "No!"
 That's a good point.
 That's a good point.
 Also, the Jacobite raising was 1745, which was another reason why they used this name.
 Yeah.
 That's why he did it in that issue.
 He waited.
 He printed 44 issues of this pointless magazine, so he'd get to 45 and make an
 obscure reference.
 He was an Iliest.
 Do you guys know what an Iliest is?
 Oh.
 No.
 You want to guess?
 Oh, did he like the Iliad?
 I would guess that.
 Yeah.
 That's a good guess.
 Did he like Ili Coffee?
 That's a coffee brand, yes.
 Yeah.
 That's actually closer because that's the correct spelling.
 So you're definitely getting warmer, but still quite cold, so I'm going to tell you.
 An Iliest is someone who always refers to themselves in the third person.
 So it's like, "Ile", it from Lassen, I-Double-L-E.
 Okay.
 I hate him.
 Yeah.
 I just, I just, you've said it all.
 He's a grammar police, which, you know, he'd be good on Twitter.
 Yeah.
 He keeps getting my really bins nicked, and he speaks in third person.
 I can't stand the man.
 Yeah.
 He's not likable.
 He wasn't popular at the time either, to be fair.
 You're matching the opinion of him then because he was, he was institutionalised
 several times, and there's lots of debate over whether, you know, was he really ill,
 or Henson being put in an institution, or was he being put there by his enemies?
 And there's a biographer called Julia Kay, who argues that he was put away not because
 he was ill.
 And I mean, he sounds pretty eccentric, sounds pretty out there, but on one occasion, he
 was put away by, I think the brother of a woman he was trying to propose to or trying
 to marry, but he had discovered that the woman he was trying to propose to was sleeping with
 her own brother, and he raised a big old stink about this, and then was putting an asylum
 for it.
 Yeah.
 So that was the first time, but then later on, he was putting an asylum for unwelcome
 attentions to a widow, and then another time for attacking a man with a shovel, and then
 a third time for, he formed an emotional attachment to a woman without even having met her first.
 And he then called himself, instead of Alexander the Corrector, Alexander the Conqueror, and
 decided that this woman was his predestined partner in life, and tried to get together
 with her, even though she didn't know who he was.
 Okay.
 All right.
 I mean...
 But that first time, it was just an eccentric thing.
 But there is, like in the Oxford Dictionary of National Biography, they think that they
 say that that first time is what kind of threw him over the edge a little bit, and from then
 on...
 Yeah.
 Well, he wanted to regulate private madhouses, and supposedly the fact he didn't manage to
 improve private madhouse regulation made him very depressed, which then meant he was sent
 to bedlam again.
 Although, as James points out, hitting people with a shovel and forming unwelcome attachments
 to women will also do it.
 That'll do the trick.
 So he was complicated.
 He wasn't an unproblematic fave, is what I'm trying to say.
 Fair.
 Fair assessment.
 But I'm impressed that in those days, you were able to form attachments to people you
 hadn't met romantically, pre-internet.
 How are you doing that?
 I see what you mean.
 It was the daughter of Sir Thomas Abney of Newington, who was the Lord Mayor of London.
 So basically, he'd heard of the Lord Mayor's daughter, possibly seen her in some periodicals,
 and decided that that was his future wife.
 He called her Princess Elizabetha and said that her home was a place called Silesia,
 which he would besiege.
 I have the same thing about Daniel Craig, you know.
 So I think that's fine.
 Are you planning to besiege Daniel Craig's house?
 Because it's probably a public service we're doing.
 No, it's not.
 It's our house.
 We live together.
 It's been our happy spousal home for a few years now, actually.
 Opens the door, dressed as a massive black currant, trying to make Rhybeena for you.
 Yeah, so that's Alexander.
 So on, I should say he's an Ilias, sorry, just to go a long way back to him referring
 to himself in the third person, because I wouldn't want you to think badly of him.
 I don't know if he did it in speech.
 He just did it in the book he wrote, which I read Decent Portion of, which had the catchy
 title, "The Corrector's Earnest Address to the Inhabitants of Great Britain, showing
 that the late earthquakes and the fact we are at war with a powerful nation are allowed
 to call from divine providence for a speedy and thorough reformation," actually it actually
 goes on.
 But it was basically saying, "Look, we've had some earthquakes, we're at war.
 This is clearly because you guys aren't abiding by my grammatical correction."
 And that whole thing, he refers to a lot of stuff that's happened in his life, but he
 always calls himself the "corrector."
 He would write pamphlets as well, called things like "Mr Crudham Greatly Injured"
 or "The Adventures of Alexander the Corrector," which is practically a comic book, writing
 a pamphlet about yourself and calling it "The Adventures of."
 It is.
 And then I think that was just about how his sister tried to have him sectioned or had
 him sectioned.
 So it's disappointing if you think you're getting an adventure book and you get an
 annoying sibling rivalry.
 Yeah, imagine if the Avengers were like that.
 It was just Iron Man's brother stealing his trainers, like, "Get your own shoes."
 Captain America turns up with his sponge, yeah.
 So on graffiti, some stuff on that, I was going through my old files and stuff on graffiti
 and the ancient Roman graffiti seemed to so often be about discouraging public excretion.
 So Roman graffiti includes the phrase, "Anybody urinating here will incur the wrath of Mars."
 It's to the one defecating here, "Beware the curse and shit with comfort and good cheer
 so long as you don't do it here."
 Wow.
 And so it seems like graffiti in those days was doing a public good.
 Yeah, it's like no ball games kind of thing, isn't it?
 It's just trying to stop people from doing bad things around your house.
 Exactly.
 No turning in this driveway.
 That's my favorite one that people put up.
 This gate's permanently in use.
 Permanently in use.
 If it was permanently in use, I couldn't read the sign.
 Get out of here.
 I was in a really beautiful place in Cotswold recently going for a walk on my own in a wood
 and there was a massive tree and it was like, and it's Cotswold's, you know, it's like
 David Cameron territory and like Bluebellwood and someone had carved in giant capital letters
 into the tree, Millwall.
 I just thought, "That is so great.
 I'm so glad Millwall fans are going that far afield to make their stuff."
 And then it said, "Get your parliamentary favours here, call Dave on 01."
 Well, that would still be relevant when this goes out, probably.
 Definitely.
 It will keep it relevant.
 We'll keep it in the news.
 I've seen some celebrity graffiti, which is very exciting.
 I saw something that Lord Byron wrote.
 Really?
 There's a place in Greece called the Temple of Poseidon and he carved his name really
 big and florid into the column of this 4,000-year-old temple, which is pretty disrespectful.
 But it's surrounded by other names because it was just the thing you did at the time.
 Byron does it.
 It's kind of okay, isn't it?
 I bet the council got really pissed off with all the other people who did it, but when
 Byron...
 Yeah, he's like the Banksy of the 19th century.
 You're right.
 You're right.
 Yeah.
 That Banksy, he did a load of graffiti just in Waterloo, in that tunnel in Waterloo.
 I don't know if you remember.
 It's like one of the first things.
 And then I went to see it when it happened and then we started filming QI and I saw
 it right at the start.
 By the time we finished filming it, it had already been covered, I think, three or four
 times by other people putting graffiti on.
 And that was kind of the point.
 He was like, "This is now a graffiti place and just put whatever you want here."
 But we've come up with a new way of using hydrogel, which is like this amazing kind
 of substance.
 And you put it on the wall and it just sticks to the top covering of paint.
 And it can take that off and you can see the graffiti that's underneath that graffiti.
 No.
 So, in theory, you could keep going, taking layers and layers and layers off this, I think
 it's called leaky passage or something, isn't it?
 Leaky tunnel or something.
 I think you're right.
 Yeah.
 And you'll be able to get to the Banksy's again.
 That would be awesome.
 Cool.
 I used to work for Camden Council and Banksy did some graffiti on the side of a shop.
 And I used to work in a street team that used to do with waste and street cleaning.
 Obviously, our guys cleaned that off, right?
 And the shop owners tried to sue Camden.
 They were like, "You got rid of a Banksy, we're going to cover it with glass and like
 make loads of money."
 I don't know how that's so funny.
 I find it really incredible that the point of graffiti is that it sort of lives out
 in public.
 But now because it's because of capitalism, people are like, "No, no, we're going to
 preserve that.
 We're going to get perspex on it and we're going to make it get rich off of it, which
 is hilarious."
 I can't believe you were, that's always reported on.
 I can't believe you were one of those people who cleaned a Banksy off.
 It always creates this massive controversy, doesn't it?
 And Banksy's just there in the sidelines, chuckling away.
 But whenever Banksy does anything, Athena goes along with her sponge, doesn't she?
 Yes.
 Well, not just Banksy, everybody.
 Can I correct some, just correct some grammar broadly before we finish?
 Which is...
 Whose grammar are you going to correct?
 This thing that I'm pointing to here.
 Bicep.
 What is it?
 I'd say bicep.
 Yeah, bicep.
 That's really incorrect, guys.
 Oh, God.
 This is not a bicep.
 This is a biceps.
 And whenever you hear someone refer to a singular bicep, you can correct them and stick that
 S on the end.
 Biceps literally means two-headed, two-biceps-headed.
 There are always two heads, it's never just unicep.
 Wow.
 And it's just because the muscle's got two, like, connecting bits.
 James, you've just been paninode.
 I can't believe it.
 I...
 That was an amazing moment.
 Well, if Anna didn't have such impressive biceps, then maybe I wouldn't have done...
 Yeah, I drew you off your game with that.
 You said bicep implying that you think they're so small, it only qualifies as one.
 Good point.
 Yeah.
 There's only one on each side.
 So you have to say I pulled my left biceps, as opposed to...
 Exactly.
 Hmm.
 Even if you pulled your right one.
 No, that's not true.
 I just pulled mine guns.
 I've won all of that.
 OK, that's all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening, everybody.
 We will be back again next week.
 If you're lucky, you might get another guest.
 If you're unlucky, you might get Dan Shriver back.
 But until then, you can find these guys on their Twitter accounts, James.
 At James Harkin.
 Andi.
 At Andrew Hunter M.
 Athena.
 Have you got Twitter?
 I do.
 I do.
 I think they can learn new.
 And you can contact me by emailing podcast@QI.com.
 You can also go to our website, no such thing as a fish.com, to listen to all our other
 episodes, pick up a hoodie, or a cap, or a vinyl, whatever bit of merch you like.
 And you can also book tickets to the podcast stop festival show we're going to be doing.
 So go to QI.com/FishEvents for that.
 OK, thanks so much for listening, everyone.
 We'll see you again next week.
 Bye.
 (upbeat music)
