 "Hello and welcome to another episode of no such thing as a fish, a weekly podcast coming
 to you from the QI offices in Covenant Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber, I am sitting here with James Harkin, Andrew Hunter Murray, and
 Anna Chazinski, and once again we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite
 facts from the last seven days, and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with back number one, and that's you, Anna."
 My fact this week is that Harvard Business School recommends companies locate their headquarters
 in rainier places because it makes employees more productive, and that's why I are out
 of it so massive here. This actually goes against what people think, so as part of the
 same study or a similar one, they asked people what they thought, what effect they thought
 bad weather would have on productivity. 80% of people said they thought it would decrease
 it. Turned out, they did this big study in a Tokyo bank, and they found that employees
 processed loan applications much faster, so that's something that requires a lot of focus
 and concentration, much faster and more quickly on rainy days than sunny ones. And it was
 because when they investigated it, that nice weather causes more cognitive distractions,
 i.e. people sit in their offices, fantasising about what else they could be doing.
 Yeah, the work tell is the effect is so great that if it's a sunny day versus when it's
 rainy, that $937,000 is what they would have made if it was continuously rainy, basically.
 This is particular. Yeah, this bank depends on the size of the business. It's not that
 you could have a nice green van and you would make a million quid.
 It's actually not when it rains. I'm thinking in actual fact, ice cream vans is one of the
 few businesses where sun is better. Well, this doesn't all go well for my wealth chain
 of ice cream vans, does it? But weirdly, my sister and brother-in-law had, they've just
 left Abu Dhabi, but they had an ice cream business out there as a side business, and it was
 a little ice cream shop by the beach, and they couldn't operate it in summer. It's so hot
 in Abu Dhabi, it can only function in the winter. What's it all about? Yeah, it's just
 too hot outside, it gets up to 50. But is it that people don't really go outside? Yeah, yeah.
 Right. So it's not like the ice cream melts. Well, that's not like if you buy an ice cream
 instantly vaporizes. I demand another. Where is this one? One thing I found is, so this
 was from the same article that this came from, which is, I really like this, Campbell Soup,
 that company, they advertise based on the weather. So when the weather is bad, in particular
 cities, they buy more advertising space, because they know that people will want cozy warming
 food. That's a great idea. It's a nice, thick, country vegetable soup on cold days. Exactly.
 And maybe a light broth. It's on some gasp that show on a hot day. It's in a mis-device
 cream. That's really it. It's weird, it's so cool. When it's cold and everyone has
 flu, they could have chicken soup, because everyone likes it. They have a flu index as
 well. Do they? Yeah, so they made, yeah, they made a thing. So the thing Andy's talking
 about, it's called the misery index. For them, it's actually a happiness index, because
 it means more sales. And when the misery index goes up by 5%, then they queue a chicken soup
 out of it on the radio. And then that was so successful, they've got a flu index now. So
 as soon as there's a flu outbreak. That's crazy. They must be praying for Spanish flu
 to come back. They're not evil. No, you're right. They're just selling soup. You know,
 if it's very rainy, there's what type of business it's actually good for. Umbrella's ponchos.
 Yeah. Oh, I've opened up. People take photographs of puddles. The three main rain-based
 businesses. I ran out after two. You make a million more dollars a year if you take photographs
 of puddles in the rain. Newspaper editors all over. Get me some puddle
 dust. I was actually talking post rain. Oh, and to dry to dry to dry things. How's
 the good? Yeah, no helicopter businesses do very well, particularly for orchards, because
 it when there's huge amount of rainfall, certain things, certain vegetables, certain grapes
 get so saturated that they need to get the water out immediately. So they hire helicopters
 in and cherry orchards will have helicopters just hovering over them and drying off all
 of the grounds to get it back on the road. It's really cool. The helicopter business. Do
 you know the kind of weather that one study found is the only type of weather that really
 has an impact on your mood? I can give you the weather categories or do you want to make
 a good one? No, no. The early earth is hit by a meteorite and this rain of metal falling
 from the sky. Firestorms. People don't mind at all. They just go about
 that day. We're very stupid. Okay, give us some options. So this is a study in the 1980s
 and it found the best predictor of mood was in a certain type of weather. The options
 are that they looked at sunniness, temperature, raininess, wind, humidity and... This is not
 going to be the last one. It's not the last one. Can I bet on the last one? Can I bet
 that it is the last one, which I think is missed? Because I think missed always affects
 my mood very much. This makes me feel spooky. Yeah, you look low. You can't see anything.
 It's a bit spooky. That's true. It's quite exciting. You feel like you're in a Victorian
 novel. That's the main effect that I think. I'm going to say it's wind because it makes
 me feel more agitated because the molecules around me are still agitated. They kind of
 somehow make me feel a bit imagine. I think it's got to be one of these two. I'm going
 for sunniness. Sunniness makes me a dickhead. It's why I have to leave Australia. I was
 a right asshole over there, but now I'm sort of a bit more calm. But I get in a horrible
 mood when it's way too hot. Do you? Oh no, so you're not talking about sunniness. You're
 talking about temperature. Oh yeah. Right? Because it can be sunny. It's sunny today, for
 instance. It's a beautiful sunny day today. That's true. Okay, so he has been a bit of an
 asshole today. I do explain that. It's just being a bit of a tricky day. Okay, so yeah.
 So why? You've listed almost all the things except the one that it is. Humidity was found
 to be the only one has a significant impact on activity and mood and it's because people
 feel very sleepy and they can't concentrate. Which is true, right? When you go to a humid
 place, you feel really gross. So I grew up in Hong Kong, which was all humid all the
 time. I guess it's established. You're always a dickhead now. I've never thought how this
 weather is really molded me. Did you find your concentration improved when you came
 here? Mate, I'm not the good case study to ask about. The wettest day of the year on Earth,
 whatever day it is, what percentage of the rain from the year do you think falls on that
 one day? Okay, so if there are 365 days, it would be a bit less than 0.3% on an average
 day. So I'll say 1% triple the average. I'm going to say 35%. Love it. Love great. They
 have the puddle for top. He's a billionaire. It is 8.3%. That's about 12 of the Earth's rain
 falls on a single day. What day is that? Well, we don't know. It's different. Surely that's
 one day we would definitely know. It's the same day every year. Oh yeah, right. I met
 when was the last time that we know it's always the third Tuesday after Easter. And 50% of
 the Earth's precipitation falls on the 12 wettest days of the year. Wow, amazing. Isn't
 that amazing? That's incredible. Wow. That's really cool. It'd be so great if it was the
 same every year. And we could just do a 12 day. What was it, 12 days? 12 day. 12 day long
 hibernation. I wonder if it happens in a period of the year because lots of countries
 have big rainy seasons. So there must be a likelihood of it being... Well, the paper,
 the article where I read this, it said, "One key question the researchers wrote is when
 during the year these extreme precipitation events are likely to occur." So I think basically
 they don't really know when it's going to be, but they'll try and work it out. Just on rainy
 conditions as in preparing for rain, have you heard of the rain shader? No. This is a new
 kind of umbrella, which has been invented in the last few years, and it is designed to
 solve the problems of... What are the problems of umbrellas? They're getting people's eyes.
 They're getting people's eyes. Inside out. Oh yeah, that is one actually. That's the main
 one. That's a really good one. And there's one more. You never have one on you when you
 need it. That's not the one I'm looking for. They break the... No, people take them if you leave
 them at the front of a store. If it's really windy, you might blow away like Mary Poppins.
 Yeah, that's... She doesn't... Have you seen this little... She's not trying to help them out
 and suddenly again, so she's blown away into the land. It's one of the sequels only 17 minutes
 long, very sad. Yeah, opening lines were... Sorry about that. Where were we? No, it's that you know
 when you tilt it, all the water can fall off onto someone else. I'll cut it. That's a small
 problem. I'll hold it upside down, but you can... What? So the rain shader is this new... It
 basically looks like a motorbike helmet, but in umbrella form, so it's open at the front
 and then at the back, it's really low. It's like wearing a big helmet that sort of cut out
 at the front, so that means you can't ever poke someone in the eye with it. That's really good.
 That's good. I don't think that would turn inside out either, so I think it's solving more
 problems and... I think it might. Yeah. Yeah. In Harvard Business School, there's a paper
 that they wrote quite recently called Toxic Workers, and this is about superstar workers
 who outperform their colleagues by two to one or more, but who are awful to be around. And
 they want to work out whether it's useful to have these kind of amazing workers, or whether
 they do way too much harm than good. What do you think? Interesting. What do we think of James?
 The question we're being asked to. Apparently according to them, it's better to hire two
 average employees than to keep one superstar long-tailed payroll. Do you guys know about the...
 This has always been one of my favourite studies, the Harvard Grant Study, which is this massive,
 it's famous, longitudinal study, and it's followed 268 people for 80 years, so it started following
 them when they were at Harvard, and it studies every tiny aspect of their lives. And so it's told us
 so much about the decisions that you make and the personalities that you have, what impact that
 has on your life. It's like an unbelievable level of detail, so it measures things like the
 side of molds on their body, and how many teaspoons of sugar they have in their tea, and the hanging
 length of your scrotum, and then they sort of follow them, and they hang length, guys. As opposed to
 when you've got it pinned back. So they measure all this, and they find out, you know, they successful,
 as you JFK was one of the people who was originally in it, so he was successful, but actually quite unlucky.
 And at the moment, I think there are only about, not many of them left now, obviously I think there
 were 19 left a couple of years ago. But it's all the ones with the longest scrotums, and that's the
 interesting thing. And if that was true, is the sole predictor of how you do it, though? No, because
 they all chipped over and concussed themselves years ago. What they basically have found, or what the
 person who's in charge of it now says is the most important discovery is that your relationships
 are the most important predictor of health, mental and physical, but literally the most important,
 more important than cholesterol, more important than diet, it's, you know, the warmth of your
 relationships, and that dictates how much you'll earn in the end, and it dictates how successful
 you'll be, and how happy you'll be. There we go. Or it could just be that rich people can buy
 relationships. Yeah. Yeah, I think it's that.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two, and that is Andy. My effect is that when they are meeting,
 male cuttlefish can flirt with one side of their body, and simultaneously pretend to be a female
 with the other side of their body. It's a really weird thing they do. So, cuttlefish,
 mollusks in the ocean are kind of mollusk, and they're a bit squid-y and a bit octopussy, and
 they change the pattern of the skin all the time for camouflage, but they do it for lots of
 different reasons, so they might do it to avoid predators, or they sometimes do it even to catch
 prey. But one thing they do is when they're courting, male cuttlefish display, you know,
 courtship patterns to females on their bodies, but they don't want other males to fight them. So,
 they simultaneously make the back half of their body display a female pattern. So a male who's
 standing behind the flirting male will think, "Oh, that's just two female cuttlefish having a chat
 with each other," and he won't get in the way. But if it looks like it's a male chatting to a female,
 they might try and break it up. But is there no chance that the male cuttlefish will start
 flirting with the back of the female camouflage? That sometimes happens. Yeah, because that
 would just be a long cue. Basically, yeah, that does happen. So, some males have harems of females,
 which they guard, jealously, from challenges, and other males disguise themselves to look female,
 sneak in, have sex with the real females and then sneak out. But sometimes the disguised males
 look so good that the alpha male will guard him as part of his harem. So, you can have a harem which
 has mostly males in it. That's amazing. I'm going to see all pretending to be females. But they only
 look good from the back, so they're just never going around the front. They're just strictly
 ass-based differences. They are amazing. They're incredible. They also have two prehensile tentacles,
 I think, on the front, which sometimes they hide. They've got pockets under their eyes where they
 put them when they're not using them. So, such a great place to have a pocket. They're so weird.
 It's so weird when you don't, because octopuses, I think, we all know, are quite weird. So, when
 you talk about them, it's kind of, but this is all just like, what is this animal? Are we just joking?
 Are we lying? It's got pockets under its eyes, turns its butt into a woman. Come on.
 The most amazing thing about a cuttlefish, which people maybe know, and David Atmer is very good at
 showing, is that their disguise is right. So, they disguise themselves even better than, you know,
 the octopuses that can do it and other things, and they can do it within a few milliseconds. They can
 just change colour and they can give themselves stripes, like you say, kind of caulting patterns.
 It is incredible. They can, as well as change in the colour, they can change from smooth to bumpy
 the skin, which is a really cool idea. So, they mimic the object that they might be camouflaging
 themselves on. But not just colour, but also the texture. Yeah, the texture. It's like, I'll bring
 yourself in warts, something like that. If you want to pretend to be a witch. A lot of those on the
 bottom of the object. Yeah. I read it as they have the equivalent of hundreds of cocktail umbrellas
 under their skin. So, they have all these structures that they can sort of lock upright to make
 themselves look nobily, basically, if they want to look like coral. Yeah, for example. And that camouflage,
 they can freeze it and lock it in place for up to an hour. So, they change it all the time,
 but they can just go, okay, I'm going to stay like this for an hour now. Wow. They are really weird
 and really cool. That's crazy. And also, these changes are to do with their mood and whether they're
 hungry or scared or whatever. So, you can look at the colours on a cuttlefish and work out what it's
 feeling. That'll be useful in humans. Oh, good. They can do a chessboard pattern. They can. They can,
 they can make themselves look exactly like a chessboard. Why? For when they need a camouflage next to a
 game of chess going right now. Because they can do the bumping stuff as well. Well, so, you're saying
 they can do the pieces. They can have an actual game on their own body. That would be amazing. That's
 very good. So, can you explain the chessboard thing? Why would they do that? Well, they they've been
 tested by scientists. There's no natural chessboard pattern, but it's just to show how versatile they are.
 That's incredible. So, they can, oh yeah, yeah. And they can, Richard Hammond, who used to be on
 top gear. He could also do that. But terribly sadly, he doesn't know the rules.
 It's a show, real shame. No, he is one of his shows. They put a cuttlefish in an underwater lounge,
 which they mocked up, which had all sort of like a zebra pattern sofa and stuff. They were just
 putting it to my face. And that was in Richard Hammond's house, did you say or? No, sorry,
 how does he come into this? He was making a show and it was about cool animals or something and
 it featured an underwater lounge with all this stuff. Richard Hammond's lounge is not underwater.
 And so, okay, so they perfectly mimicked the chessboard. That is so cool. It's really bizarre.
 Yeah. I mean, it wouldn't be perfect. I don't get excited. No, but I mean, I'm actually more
 excited by the experiment that we are taking non underwater based objects and seeing if they can
 mimic that because you wouldn't naturally see that. Yeah, I'm interested that they can, I didn't
 realise they can actually mimic stuff that they'd never seen before. There might be half a dozen
 cuttlefish in this room now. We don't know. This entire building is half a fish. I throw a top to
 bottom. My favourite cuttlefish is the bottom dwelling flamboyant cuttlefish. We'll say that again.
 The bottom dwelling flamboyant cuttlefish. God, if you've got something dwelling in your bottom,
 you don't want it to be flamboyant, right? It's the only mollusk with a quadrepedal gate.
 That's amazing. Yeah, that is incredible. The way they hunt is cool, so they've
 got, if you look at them, they look exactly like the oods from Doctor Who, and I know only
 Dan when I know what I'm talking about, but that's what a lot of them look like, so they've got
 these sort of big long funnels on their nose, and the way they, a lot of them catch prey,
 is by blasting their funnel at the sand, and they'll blow up a prawn that's having a nap.
 They just shoots up into their prawns. I suppose they must do, right? If I was going to nap,
 yeah. They hunt in the day and prawns are not turned on, so they're often asleep in the day.
 What a horrible way to wake up being blasted after you're there, into the mouth of a nude.
 One thing about cuttlefish, there might also be known as they give us sepia, they give us basically
 the look of Victorian photographs. What? Yeah, sepia ink, so they have an ink sack in it.
 There are three things that develop when they're in embryo. The first three things develop
 are their two eyes, weird shaped eyes, and then their ink sack, and that's a defense mechanism,
 so they blast out ink as a last resort if they're being chased, and that's where we get sepia,
 it's our main source of that colour. Wait for the day, or the original...
 Wow, that's amazing. Six years like that browny colour, isn't it?
 Yeah. Yeah. You put over photographs to make them look...
 That's sort of a Victorian... Yeah, but wait, sorry, did that get used in the Victorian photo process?
 We needed cuttlefish ink. Yeah. That's incredible. Yeah, that's amazing.
 They're a handy, handy little guy. You just wouldn't think there would be enough
 cuttlefish to make enough sepia for the Victorian photo industry.
 There's so much cuttlefish. And also, probably wasn't that bigger
 industry in those days. Oh yeah. It's not like mobile phones,
 where everyone's got a camera these days. That's true, just the rich people.
 Anyone could be a puddle photographer these days, but all the art has been lost from the trade.
 And it's not like every time you put a sepia filter over your iPhone photo,
 a cuttlefish has to die. We've moved on. There's no like when you go to snappy snappes huge tank
 for the cuttlefish. Okay, it's time for fact number three, and that is James.
 Okay, my fact this week is that William of Orange's favourite drink was cock ale.
 Which was? Which was a drink? It's made of ale with a cock in it, a cockerel, a rooster.
 And it was, they put the rooster in when it was being brewed. And the idea was that it would put
 something into the mix, which would give you virility. And it was like the red bull of its day,
 almost. And actually the first known recipe for cock ale was in 1669. And it was written by a guy
 called Sir Kennellm Digby, who people who know the podcast might remember his father. You ever
 had a ride, Digby, who was one of the gunpowder platters. All the makes of return. This is so exciting.
 So Kennellm Digby, he wrote a lot of like cookbooks and he invented bacon and eggs as well, actually.
 Sorry, I think we give pigs a lot of the credit for bacon and chickens, the credit for eggs.
 You're right. He just invented putting them together. I don't think so. I think if we cooked in a
 me, for example, I wouldn't be able to claim credit for the recipe. Yeah. Sorry enough, the recipe
 of this take eight gallons of ale, take a cock and boil him well, then take four pounds of raisins
 of the sun well stones, two or three nutmegs, three or four flakes of mace, half a pound of dates,
 be told these were the mortar and put them in two quarts of the best sack, then what sack is.
 And then when the ale have done working, put these in and stop it close six or seven days and then
 bottle it. And after a month, you may drink it. So it's a bit like a mold cocktail. Yeah. I think
 sack is kind of wine. I think like maybe fortified wine. I'm not sure. Well, there is a theory,
 which is a terrible theory. It can't be right. But I know what you're going to say over the theory.
 Yeah, because they were adding this new element ingredient to something that shouldn't be there.
 Cock ale was effectively the origins of cocktail. It's just not true. I'm saying it's a theory.
 Where do you think it came from then cocktail? Oh, there are different, I can't remember. There
 are other bad theories as well. But that's worth. Here's another bad theory. So a cocktail used to be
 a horse with a docked tail because it looked a bit like a Cox comb. And then it became a word for a
 horse of a mixed pedigree. And then it became a drink because it had lots of mixes of different drinks
 in it. That's one theory. And HL Menken thought that it came from the French coquettier, meaning egg
 cup, because you would drink it out of a very small cocktail. Oh, I like that one. That's my
 favorite so far. I think none of them are true. Yeah. I can't believe we know who made bacon and
 eggs for the first time. I'm sorry, I've just kind of danced over that, but that's huge. That's a big deal.
 That's a big deal. As someone else probably would have done it. And actually he was just writing down
 recipes, right? So, right. He didn't invent. I don't think he invented cock ale either. I think he
 just wrote it down. Okay. The recipes were simpler then, weren't they? He just wrote bacon eggs. And
 he went down in history. No, they're really complicated lots of them. So there's a 1739
 cock ale recipe in a book called The Complete Housewife, which was one of the first big household manuals.
 And it starts with take 10 gallons of ale and a large cock, the older the better. But then you had
 to stamp on it in a mortar until it was, it's bones were broken. It said parboiled the cock,
 flay it and stamp him in a stone mortar. Yeah. My mortar is not big enough to be stamping around it.
 Need a bigger mortar. Another weird ingredient for old drinks, cider in the 16th century used to have
 sheep's blood added to it. Cornwall sheep's blood. What do at what point they realize that it's
 just nicer without the sheep's blood. One day they'd run out of sheep's blood and they just made
 cider. You were laughed out of the pub if you suggested. Do you think we could? Yeah. So the sort of
 precursors to beer seem to all have been mold spice beer. I think our kind of beer that doesn't contain
 any spices and flavours is the anomaly in history really. So you see all these recipes for kind of
 heating up beer. They always were adding cinnamon and cloves and nutmeg and ginger. Another thing they
 added, almost always, if you look back to beer recipes, if you look in old books and stuff or from
 the 16 1700s toast. So they always put toast on top of beer, didn't they? Flowsed it. Yeah. So they'll say like,
 you know, like a crouton in a soup basically. Yeah, like giant croutons. I'd like a crouton.
 In a bit. Well, I like beer and I like croutons. There we go. Seems likely that I would like both
 these six. I think you'd love the 16 hundreds. It's hard though, isn't it? To most beer glasses,
 most points are not quite big enough for a full slice of toast to float on the surface. No, but these
 beers were fitting entire roosters in them. So the vessels were bigger. What was the point of the toast?
 Well, one recipe I read explained why the toast was there. It said, it claps the white
 waistcoat on a cup of good drink. Oh, brilliant. That's pretty good. I think that's great.
 Right. Oh, yeah. The white waistcoat. Oh, wow. Yeah. Yeah. I've just done that.
 I was reading about just the consumption of alcohol in the 16 hundreds and I found this thing
 that Parliament passed was an act that I'd not heard of. It was the act to repress the odious and
 loathsome sin of drunkenness, because everyone was just getting so drunk all the time. But the wording
 of that is just stunning. Yeah. Adios. Yeah. So, yeah. So hops, which were medicinal plants,
 they'd been added to beers and I think that was a way around of saying that you were doing
 for medical purposes as opposed to it being just getting drunk. Oh, yeah. They didn't like hops in
 Britain. They really didn't like hops. So, when we talk about beer from thousands of years ago,
 it's not beer like we know. So, beer to be classified as beer now has to be made with hops.
 But they only actually came to England in the 1400s, I think, from the Netherlands and everyone
 thought they were a bit poisonous and they were a bit weird. So, that's, you know, it's the plant
 that adds the bitter taste to beer. Right. And actually, the first person to describe hops
 scientifically and talk about how they were used in beer was a woman. It was a Christian botanist
 and Abbas who is called Hildegard of Bingen. I've heard of her actually. Yeah. She was a big deal.
 Yeah. She was quite revolutionary in the beer industry. Did she see lots of, oh, I can't remember
 what about her now. I think she saw lots of visions and stuff, didn't she? It's not the same Hildegard.
 Oh, maybe not. Is the more than one Hildegard. Oh, no. It can't be that many. There was one
 who saw lots of visions and then wrote one of the first books or something, but maybe it was a different
 one. No, it might have been her. She was big. She wasn't actually a fan of hops even though she knew
 how they were used. She said they make the soul of man sad and way down his inner organs. Whoa.
 That's kind of what it feels like after seven fights. There is a thing I can't remember exactly
 what it is, but in Germany, you're only allowed three ingredients in beer to this day. Really?
 I think it's hops, water, and what would it be? Barley? Barley here. And I think it's really strict.
 And they've had hundreds and hundreds of years of rules about this. So there was the Brow
 Ordnung in 16th century Bavaria, where you weren't allowed to make beer between the 23rd of April
 and 29th of September. So no brewing allowed, because breweries caught fire very easily because
 they were all made of wood and there were lots of coal fires to heat them up. So it was bad for
 fire, so they banned it. But you had to have sellers to store beer from the winter so that you could
 drink it in the summer. And the breweries stored them in big underground sellers. And then above
 ground they planted trees to keep them shady because they wanted to keep the cool in the sellers.
 And then they started adding tables and gravel to these above ground tree areas. And that's the
 beginning of the beer garden. So yeah, the beer garden comes from this band on brewing in the summer.
 And it was actually four beer, really, the beer garden, not for us.
 Where is what else is garden, right?
 Better than the beer. So just speaking of German beer, you know, Pilsner,
 so where that name comes from. I thought it was a place or something.
 So it is a place, it's from Pilsen, which is one of Europe's first beer brewing capitals.
 And Pilsen, it was called Pilsen when it became this beer brewing capitol. And that is because
 that was the German word for henbane, which is like a really deadly poisonous plant,
 but they used to put that in beer all the time. So they were brew beer with henbane because I
 don't make it really, I mean, that is really complicated. Poisonous. Yeah, it's very dangerous.
 What was they doing with beer for hundreds of years? Let's put cockles in it. Let's put sheep's
 flooded in poison. There was no, they went and they went three ingredients. That's it for that one.
 But a little bit of poison, no, no. It gave you hallucinations. If you managed to escape death,
 it was quite fun. But so that's where Pilsner comes from is after henbane, because that was a
 crucial ingredient of deadly beer. Wow, very cool. Just one last weird origin thing. So you mentioned
 that beer brewing book. You mentioned that beer brewing book was for a housewife. Beer brewing was
 sort of solely a women's thing across the world, wherever beer was brewed until pretty recently,
 until basically the 15, 1600s when hops actually came in. So the ale wife is a thing because it was
 always the woman who would do the cooking beer in the house brewing the beer. Women would control
 the breweries. For instance, in ancient Egypt, they all had their own breweries. Women were being
 in charge and so they became the main beer sellers and barmaid still in sort of de-cendian novels.
 So women would start making surplus beer because they'd been making it for the home and then they
 would go and sell it. So they'd put greenery over their doors and in some cases they'd put a broom
 up against their door which signified that you were selling beer and they would stand on the corner
 and they'd advertise their beer by wearing a tall hat and they would often have a pet cat
 who would chase the pets away. Well, it's a theory. This is where the witch image comes from.
 Yeah, so there were tall hats that I'm the beer selling lady. I'm the ale wife. And they all had cats.
 They had a cat to chase away pests because otherwise they ate the grain with which they made the beer.
 They were all testing out crazy ingredients like eye of newt instead. Yeah,
 they were testing things. Yeah, they're literally a genic. They go stirring it around in their cauldrons.
 All their massive mortars. Yes. Oh my goodness. And then came the witch. Really? Wow. Yeah, it's a thought
 that I haven't made up. Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that after five months of forensically analyzing the indents made by a pen on
 paper, Dorset Police managed to recover 26 pages of lost words by a blind novelist who hadn't
 realized that her pen had run out of ink. That is quite remarkable. Yeah, it's pretty extraordinary.
 This was an author called Trish Vickers. It was her first book that she was writing. She had gone
 blind through diabetes and she decided that she wanted to pass her time by writing a book. So she
 created a system and she did it long hand with pen, created a system where she had elastic bands
 along the paper. She would write out the pages and then her son would come at the end of the week and
 he would transcribe them onto a word document or whatever he chose. So he came one week after she
 had this burst of inspiration. She wrote 26 pages, but he discovered these blank pages sitting there.
 Turns out the pen had run out. She was devastated. He was devastated because she'd written such great
 stuff. And it is quite funny. And it's incredibly funny. Thank you, James, for pointing that out.
 Yeah, so she was very upset and they're going touch with the police to say can you do anything
 about this? And yeah, the way they arrested the pen went effective. Yeah, so actually it's
 very sweet at Dorset Police Station. Someone said they would look through the pages with the special
 light that they use for forensics to see the little markings that the pen would have left on the
 page, the little dense. And they spent five months now. It wasn't five months of intense analysis.
 The burglars in Dorset at the time. We're just having a field day.
 It was, I believe it was one person who did it on her lunch break for five months. Although,
 if you're a burglar, having a field day is probably a very bad day for you.
 Burglar's call it having a house full of electronic equipment day.
 But so she managed to get the book done. It was called Granifer's Legacy. Sadly, she actually passed
 away before she could hold a physical copy in her hands, but it was published two hours prior to her
 passing away, the physical copies. So she just missed out by two hours. She knew it was being published.
 She knew, and I think she held a proof in her hand. So yeah, so I thought that the only method,
 you know, when you make indentations on paper, you can kind of read it or you can shade over it
 with a pencil and that kind of shows up because it doesn't, the pencil shading doesn't fill the
 indentations. Do you know the police do it? They have a special wand. So first of all, they don't
 do the pencil thing, do they? Because that could damage the evidence. Right. But they have this
 device they've invented called an electrostatic detection apparatus. And they basically documents
 which are charged with static, piece of paper charged with static, builds up more charge in the
 furrows where the pencil is indented, all the pen is indented, then on the flat. And even even
 really microscopic non-visible to the naked eye furrows exist. So they put the document on this plate
 and then they pass a wand charged with electricity over it and then they apply this mist of toner and
 the toner just gravitates towards the furrows and you fill in a page of writing that way. Wow.
 It's basically a magic wand. So they sort of charge up the indentations that have got a lot of
 static in. Yeah, that's cool. Super cool. It's quite similar to fingerprinting, right? That kind of
 process where with fingerprinting you can kind of do it yourself. So apparently a really good
 substance for putting over fingerprints so you can see them is raw cocoa powder. If you want to
 do it, you can use raw cocoa powder or talcum powder. But you're not going to have the database of
 the entire country at home, are you? Are you just going to see a fingerprint that you can't really
 recognise? Yeah, but you can definitely, if it's like who took my chocolate bar, you can definitely
 get your family's fingerprints, I reckon, and in your room, and then compare them. It's a real
 insight into others too. I've heard that. Yeah, definitely would have done that.
 The system, the magic wand system that you talked about is called the Electrostatic Detection
 Apparatus ESDA, and it was invented by two DJs. Wow. They were called DJ Foster and DJ Marants.
 They weren't disc jockeys. It was just their names. I was thinking they were bored in the booth one day.
 No, it's just a coincidence that they had the same two initials and I thought
 it was quite funny. It was a good set up. You had us going in the first half. We did not see it
 coming. I was thinking, that was a pretty boring name for DJs, aren't they? DJ Foster.
 Can I just say one more thing on ESDA? Yeah. ESDA is kind of famous because it's what,
 do you remember the West Midlands series crime squad got into a lot of trouble for faking people's
 confessions, the Birmingham pub bummings? Oh, yeah. They got the Birmingham six. Yeah,
 they got released because of that and it was using ESDA that they found that the police were making
 these fake confessions. Oh, really? Oh, very cool. That's cool. That's cool. That's cool, but true.
 Varmadermid actually has written a book on forensics, which sounds really good. I was reading
 a summary of it, so she's the, she's a sort of crime writer, isn't she? Of fiction. Yeah,
 of fiction. But this is a factual book and so there's loads of good facts in there, but there's
 a story of the arsonist called John Orr, which I didn't know about. He was quite a big criminal
 in the 1980s. He was basically a fireman and who ended up being done for burning down loads and
 loads of houses, because if you're a fireman, you know how? So I think he was suspected in more than
 a thousand fires in California and he was eventually caught. He was caught partly because of forensics,
 so they matched a fingerprint on one bit of sort of half-burned match that he'd used. Wow. But he was
 also caught. Did you think they went, "We've got a match?" And they went, "Yeah, we can see that."
 So good. There was two hours of confusion there. Between Laurel and Hardy to fire.
 So another thing that tipped him off, he might be responsible, was that he'd written a novel called
 "Points of Origin" that contained a highly detailed description of the same fire that they were
 investigating for several striking similarities and also the fire that he was done for in 1984.
 Everyone who investigated it said this is an accidental fire and he kept insisting that no,
 it was arson. So it's like he really had this desire for people to know. Do you think he was one of
 these people who deliberately set fires so they can go and put them out? Yeah. He's because that has
 happened. We did that. It's called something like hero syndrome. Maybe. What is not a hero now? He is
 serving a long jail sentence. Very much a hero. Nice. That's what the judge said when he passed the
 zero. I'd love to be one of those comedy judges. Something funny just as a setting them down.
 I didn't know that comedy judge was a career actually. What is not, no, you don't apply to be the
 comedy judge. It is a regular judge who happens to have a bit of fun. There was that guy who got
 done for, he got done for something, but he loved the Beatles and the judge sentenced him using as many
 Beatles. Oh no, that's so nice. What did he do? What did he say? Maybe he stole from the taxman?
 Yeah. Brilliant. Yeah. You probably were, it was probably a cry for help. You may have had a hard
 day's night in your yellow submarine. Wait, it was the criminal affair of the Beatles. Yeah.
 Okay, got it, got it. So it was kind of like the Beatles were sending him down. That is really hard.
 You shouldn't have used your revolver. Yeah, let's go to the big albums. Yeah. You've got a rubber
 soul. Yeah, because you know, it's like a bad soul. A rubber soul. A rubber soul. A rubber soul is
 better. A rubber soul. A rubber soul is better. I mean, none of these are good, are they?
 Love the comedy judges. Okay. Okay, that's it. That is all of our facts. Thank you so much for listening.
 If you would like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said over the
 course of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts. I'm on @Streiberland andy.
 I'm Andrew Hunter M. James. @JamesHarkin. And Zhizinski. You can email podcast@QI.com.
 Yep, you can go to our group account @NoSuchThing or our website. NoSuchThing is a fish.com.
 We have links up there for our upcoming tour. You can also find all of our previous episodes there.
 We will be back again next week with another episode. Thank you so much for listening. Good bye.
 [Music]
