 We run it on QI a few years ago.
 Yeah.
 Um, which was, there's no such thing as a fish.
 It isn't nice, there's nothing as a fish.
 No, seriously, it's in the Oxford Dictionary of Underwater Life.
 It says it, "Right there, first paragraph, no such thing as a fish."
 Hello, and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast
 coming to you from the QI offices in Covenant Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber, I'm sitting here with the three regular elves
 and it's Zinsky, James Harkin and Andy Murray.
 And once again, we've gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts
 from the last week, and here they are in no particular order.
 Okay, starting fact number one, James.
 Okay, my fact this week is about kangaroos, as you all know.
 Yep.
 Uh, it comes in the form of a question, and that question is how many legs does a kangaroo have?
 I think I can feel this one with confidence, uh, two.
 [Laughs]
 James is holding up a tiny Jackson button from...
 Were you talking about that?
 That's from the QI travel game.
 Which is available in shops.
 Oh my god, that must be the most annoying toy.
 [Laughs]
 Can you imagine on a airplane, a little kid sat next to you?
 Yeah.
 Does any time you get something wrong?
 Can I, I scream?
 No.
 [Laughs]
 No, I'm afraid the answer is I can eat ice cream.
 Okay, I'm going to put that to one side now, because that probably is very annoying.
 Um, yeah, they don't have two legs.
 Wait, so if they don't have two, they must have, what, four, the front, the front hands or legs?
 I'm going to have to get my buzzer out again.
 What? Why?
 Yeah, that isn't annoying.
 [Laughs]
 Uh, no, they have a three or five, depending on how you look at it, um, the tail counts as a leg.
 Mmm.
 And that's according to a new study, which was in New Scientist a couple of weeks ago.
 And, um, what they did is they put a kangaroo on a treadmill.
 Yeah.
 Which had pressure points and could see when they were putting pressure on the floor.
 And they found that in the normal walk, not their bouncing walk, but the other one they do,
 it's kind of a shuffling walk.
 Um, they used the tail in the way that any other animal would use a leg.
 Is it a weight bearing thing, though?
 Yeah, it's a weight bearing and propulsion.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 Okay, so I've got two questions.
 Go on.
 First question is, can they walk backwards?
 Because that's one of the great Australian, either myths or truths.
 Uh, because the idea is that the, uh, the, the country's code of arms has a kangaroo and an
 e-mew on either side looking at each other and the idea of being that they were chosen
 because not only are they national animals, but they can't walk backwards, neither an e-mew
 or a kangaroo.
 What does it say on the code of arms?
 Always forwards or something.
 Oh, keep going forwards.
 Keep going forwards.
 Terrible, terrible piece of advice for a lot of people.
 Yeah, of course.
 You're standing there, Cliffs.
 No.
 That's true.
 I think they, they can jump backwards.
 There's, yeah, you can see on YouTube.
 There's footage of Woody Allen boxing a kangaroo in a very, very weird boat.
 Very weird, isn't it?
 It's on YouTube, yeah.
 I think moves backwards a bit in that.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 You said you had a second question.
 I do.
 Uh, yeah.
 Second question that I had was, are they the only animals with a tail for a leg?
 Um, as far as I know, you do have prehensile tails that animals use to swing around trees
 and stuff and grab things, but not to my knowledge, do they use them to walk.
 Did dogongs use their tail as like a supportive thing?
 Is there anything where they do do dogongs, yeah, dogongs, you know, those things, uh,
 their manatees.
 Oh, yeah.
 A type of manatee.
 Sea cows.
 They're the things that sailors apparently thought were mermaids back in the olden days.
 They actually do have quite human faces.
 I think they have adorable faces.
 I'll put a picture on the website.
 They do.
 Just last time I was back in Sydney, the aquarium, they had like an arrival of dogongs and
 it was all over the posters, uh, in the city and, you know, dogongs are here.
 And it was the most unexciting attraction to an aquarium.
 Yeah.
 The Lego exhibition at Sydney Aquarium.
 There are lots of, um, bits of Lego washing up on British beaches, do you know about this?
 Yeah.
 There was a cruise.
 Um, there was a container crash in the late 90s and, um, something like a billion pieces
 of Lego went into the water and they're still washing up in, in, um, North and South
 Cornwall.
 Wasn't it weird because a lot of the Lego happened to be sea related stuff.
 Yeah.
 Like there are octopuses which are very, very special and, yeah, but it's a sea gross.
 Well, maybe they are like little Lego plankton and that's what you were watching in Sydney
 Zoo.
 Yes.
 Remember there was that, um, a guy wrote a book all about a, another container ship, uh, that
 had ducks.
 Drugs.
 The rubber ducks.
 And the plastic frogs, wasn't it?
 The rubber ducks were obviously the big, big draw.
 Beavers.
 Beavers.
 Real beavers are plastic.
 Yeah, plastic ones.
 We're in the same container.
 Didn't know that.
 They don't get the same publicity as the docks do because the rubber duck is a timeless
 style icon.
 Yeah.
 Do you ever bought someone to rub a beaver?
 Maybe that was, maybe that was like a new thing that they're bringing over.
 This is our big chance with shipping over all the plastic beavers.
 It's going to be a massive hit.
 Now we'll never have them.
 Uh, okay.
 And all the other animals which have odd numbers of legs.
 Okay.
 Do you know any dandy?
 Hmm.
 There's a crab, isn't there?
 Yes, there is.
 There's a spider crab, uh, called macro-kiera camp fairy.
 It's like that massive Japanese spider crab that you see every now and then on the internet.
 It's absolutely humongous.
 And there's a study done and they found that three quarters of the crabs are missing at
 least one limb.
 Yeah.
 And most crabs have got ten legs.
 In fact, all crabs have got ten legs.
 So most of these particular crabs have got nine legs, although they have lost them.
 Wow.
 It's a bit, yeah.
 It's a bit of a cheat, isn't it?
 They should just evolve with one leg fewer.
 Well, they might do.
 They wouldn't need to lose that again.
 They can survive with up to three legs missing.
 It's more than I can do.
 There's a thing called a seven-hour mock to push.
 Is that born with seven arms?
 No, it has eight arms, but one of them is very small and held up and you can't see it very
 well.
 So people thought they had seven arms.
 That's good.
 People who didn't look very closely.
 Yeah.
 And also, there's starfish, of course.
 Yeah, so all of those crabs like starfish, sea urchin, sea cucumbers always have multiples
 of five, don't they?
 But they're not legs, really.
 They're limbs.
 Limbs?
 Yeah.
 And the tripod fish.
 Do you guys know about the tripod fish?
 It's an extremely deep-water fish and it has three long protrusions that come off its fins.
 So I think it's never any more than 30 centimetres long, but its little thin protrusions can
 be up to a meter and it walks along on them like a tripod.
 And it's really good because it means it's at the right level for the currents to sweep
 loads of prawns into its face and it can detect vibrations in the seabird if predators
 are coming.
 So I reckon that might be the closest other animal there is having three legs.
 It's true odd-legged.
 When kangaroos are born, when Joey's are born, you know, and they crawl up into the pouch,
 they don't have their back legs even.
 They do have their front legs, but that's the only thing, they're basically a tiny worm
 with these two minuscule front legs which they use to basically crawl up their mother's
 fur into the pouch.
 Yeah.
 That's good.
 And then they get their back legs later.
 They are tiny aren't they?
 They're the size of a grain of rice, kangaroos when they're born.
 People thought that kangaroos had two heads when they first saw them.
 When Europeans first saw them because of their Joey on the chest.
 Oh, yeah, that makes sense.
 So when their first descriptions came back to the West, that's what they thought.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 They have those, the QIFAC, which might have been one of the first ever QIFACs about kangaroos
 having three vaginas, which they do just in case there's one listener out there who doesn't
 know it.
 So first fact I learned when I was having my interview for the job.
 Yeah.
 Was it for you for QI was a chat, a lunch, a lunch.
 Was it testing your response to that?
 What did you do?
 Did you recoil in disgust?
 You would have made it.
 You've been rejected.
 I didn't recoil in disgust.
 I said, hmm.
 I like the sound of that.
 That's the incorrect response.
 I've got two favorite kangaroo QIFACs have been in the books and the TV shows, but I
 absolutely love them.
 The first one is that the mother kangaroo mammary glands, so female mammary glands produce
 both full cream and fat-free milk simultaneously.
 That's wonderful.
 The child's just, the root's got an option.
 They're like the way-trows of macropodi.
 Yeah, exactly.
 And the other one is that kangaroos swim doggie paddle when they go swimming.
 That's their style.
 Doggie paddle.
 And also they kick their legs independently when they swim, which they never do on land.
 On land they move both legs simultaneously.
 So you see them move forwards either hopping or using the tail to project themselves.
 But in swimming, dum, dum, dum either side.
 Did you know that Elvis had a pet kangaroos?
 Did he?
 I've always been curious if anyone had a pet kangaroo.
 Elvis had one?
 He had a couple, I think.
 He was given them, I'm going off memory here, but I think he was given them by Zoo in Australia.
 And then he gave them back, because they weren't as much fun as he thought they were going
 to be.
 Yeah.
 One quite cool thing when I read about kangaroos is kangaroo mother care.
 Kangaroo mother care is what's being recommended for premature births in developing countries.
 So 10% of premature birth in developing countries, the child dies within the first year and in 90%
 in developed countries.
 So it's a massive problem in developing countries.
 And they're suggesting kangaroo mother care, which is basically where you have constant skin
 to skin contact between baby and mother.
 And the mother straps the baby to her for up to like the first eight or nine months.
 And it reduces in for mortality by 50%.
 So it could have saved, like, would save like 1.1 million deaths a year.
 And it's just about the warmth of the skin contact and constant breastfeeding and probably
 bonding between mother and child and anticipating its needs more, a pretty simple way of seriously
 reducing infant mortality.
 Yeah.
 I've got one last thing that I want to throw in before we move on, which is that there's
 been a study that's shown that male kangaroos can attract the opposite sex by impressing
 her with his biceps, with his forearms.
 They're apparently really important in the kangaroo world to the point where they frequently
 adopt poses, showing their muscles, like bodybuilders, going, hey, ladies, two tickets to the gun
 show.
 Like, just for people listening, Dan is doing the bodybuilder poses as well.
 I'm doing it.
 Yeah.
 If you've ever seen Johnny Bravo, it's a lot like cool.
 Cool.
 Yeah.
 Exactly.
 Yeah.
 And in a fight, that's often, apparently, what the female kangaroos are looking at, at
 the males in a fight, they're going to look at the biceps on that guy.
 Yeah, because what they do is they grab the other guy with the armpits, and then they kick
 them with the leg bits.
 So the arms are quite important in fighting.
 Yeah.
 But the legs are more impressive if you want to attract someone.
 Why aren't they going?
 Look at my huge feet.
 How awesome are my huge feet, guys.
 You know what they say about kangaroos with big feet?
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 Time to move on to fact number two, and that is Anna.
 Yep.
 My fact is that during the financial crisis of 1720, Parliament called upon stop brokers to
 be sown into sacks filled with poisonous snakes and thrown into the Thames.
 Was that a serious thing?
 I mean, that's surely.
 I think it was just, I don't think they were intending it actually to happen.
 It was to express their vehement dislike.
 But it was during the South Sea bubble, which was one of the earliest financial crises.
 A guy who made the speech, which suggested this, was Lord Molesworth, and he was drawing
 on Roman tradition, which had people who committed parasite, which had them thrown into the
 typer.
 So he said, what's parasite?
 It's killing a father.
 Anyway, even with animals as well, there were animals in the sack.
 There was a rooster, a monkey and a dog in the sack with you when you went into the river.
 Oh, was there.
 It's horrible, isn't it?
 According to another Roman thing, if there wasn't any water nearby, if there wasn't a convenient
 river or sea nearby, you would be put in a sack with a rooster and a viper and a dog
 in a monkey, and then thrown into wild animals to be torn apart.
 Oh, my God.
 Yeah.
 They used to put more effort into punishment, I think.
 Yeah.
 They go to lengths to find these poisonous and tropical exotic creatures.
 Well, I think this was, because in this particular case, before the debate, because everyone
 was extremely angry about the South Sea bubble bursting, because people were ruined by it,
 including, in fact, Isaac Newton invested a lot of money in the South Sea company, and
 he was totally bankrupt after it.
 And Alexander Pope was not, because he was one of the crafty ones who exited early.
 But so did Isaac Newton.
 Isaac Newton got out in time and then went back in.
 He could see it was going to fall.
 Oh, God.
 But yeah, people were angry.
 And so in Parliament was getting very vehement.
 And so before the debate, the king made a speech, urging people to retain prudence and temper
 to ensure that the right punishments were distributed.
 And their response to that was say, throw them in the tens in a sack that sewn up with poisonous
 snakes.
 Well, the king got out in time.
 Did he?
 He was one of the people who got out in time.
 He and Robert Walpole, who I think was prime minister at the time.
 Both got out in time.
 But that's only because the financial advisors had disobeyed them.
 Oh, really?
 That's interesting.
 Yeah.
 Oh, that is interesting.
 So actually, this is not going to be good for you.
 I'm not going to put the money in.
 So isn't that--
 Financial advisors were that thoughtful for everyone all the time.
 Luckily we learned our lesson and there was no financial crisis ever again.
 Absolutely.
 Absolutely.
 It's not the earliest.
 Is Tulip Mania the first--
 Was that before the South?
 Yes, it was.
 Yes, it was.
 16th century.
 Yeah.
 So you should explain what that is.
 So Tulip Mania was in the Netherlands, wasn't it?
 And it was when people suddenly started going mad for tulips and the price of tulips massively
 inflated.
 I think the price of one tulip bulb was the same as a ten-year salary for the average
 craftsman.
 Wow.
 And then it burst.
 There's a really cool story about Tulip Mania, which is--in the 1630s, a sailor was imprisoned
 in a Dutch prison for eating what he thought was an onion.
 It was actually a tulip bulb and it could have fed the entire crew of his ship for months.
 Oh, that's insane.
 Who eats an onion just on its own?
 A sailor, he's not had vegetables for a long time, I suppose.
 That's pretty desperate.
 Not only are you eating an onion, you're just eating the world's most expensive onion.
 He's like, you know what?
 As well, it didn't taste that oniony.
 I was reading about Parliament because I don't actually know much about Parliament.
 There's that thing of that, if the queen goes to Parliament, then Buckingham Palace needs
 to take an MP prisoner for the time that she's there, just in case they suddenly decide
 to take a hostage.
 Yeah, which is a movie that I've not seen made yet, which might not have a really important
 MP.
 Is it not?
 Do they get like the rubbishest?
 They think they get a--
 The new guy.
 Yeah, sorry, no offense if you're listening and you've been the hostage.
 But it's normally not George Osborne.
 It's normally not a really senior member of Parliament.
 It's dispensable, just in case.
 Exactly.
 In Chestnut, it's like trading the queen for a pawn, except you've got 600 pawns and
 this is the least good of them.
 It's the replaced one because you lost all the other-- you lost the proper one, yeah.
 It's a thin bun, yeah.
 I was thinking about MPs doing kooky stuff in Parliament.
 I read somewhere that William Pitt, the younger, he was a drunk and he once during a speech
 vomited behind the speaker's chair and then returned to his seat and continued doing
 his speech until the end.
 There were contemporary reports that say that, but they might come from-- they might be
 propaganda from the other side, but he was a drunk.
 So I have one more thing, on Parliamentary misdeeds.
 In 2010, a Tory MP had to apologise for being too drunk to cast his vote on the budget.
 He got drunk in the Parliament bar and he forgot to rock up and vote.
 And Hazel Blizz, who we'll probably know, Labour MP, said she had been out on the terrace
 with him, but had retired to the library when it got a bit too lively.
 But this man's name is Mark Reckless.
 That's great.
 You mentioned the bar, so Parliament has their own bar, don't they?
 Oh yeah.
 They've got a few bars, they have a library, the strangers bar, they're all cousins.
 Yeah.
 And cheaper jinks.
 They've also got a hairdressers?
 I don't know.
 Yeah.
 And this is really odd.
 They have a rifle shooting range.
 Oh, the lords have one of the basement, though.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Isn't that really odd?
 Yeah.
 They just go and shoot a rifle.
 I think it's very, really used.
 They used to have rifle shooting in pubs.
 Yes.
 It was like a pub spot that people would go around the different pubs and play against
 each other.
 They banned it.
 And you know why they banned it?
 Because people were gambling on it.
 That's excellent.
 They had to.
 It wasn't some of it across corridors and things like that.
 Yeah.
 There's some brilliant photos of people taking shots in a pub and there's like old boys drinking
 their stout underneath the barrel of the gun, it's absolutely great.
 What shall we do in this place where people come and get really drunk and disordering?
 Should we introduce guns?
 Anything else?
 Can we just quickly go back to Punishments because I have one more thing going on.
 Oh yeah.
 In the olden days they used to saw people in half as a mode of execution.
 Wow.
 Which is quite a good way of going about it.
 When?
 Well.
 On not a good way, but a way.
 It's a thorough way.
 Simon the Zealot was sawn in this way, supposedly.
 Simon the Zealot.
 Simon the Zealot, yeah?
 You know him?
 Really enthusiastic guy.
 Hey guys, do you want to play round as late as it?
 The way that they saw him, I don't know if this is what they did with everyone, but they
 hung him upside down and they started with his groin and went lengthways.
 Oh God, the gold finger method.
 Yeah.
 Sorry, when you said in half, I thought you meant as in a magician's trick.
 Me too.
 But so they did it.
 Oh my God.
 Starting with the groin.
 That is the worst.
 But Simon the Zealot didn't mind.
 Because I'm not feeling as zealous about this as I normally am about other things.
 Okay, time to move on to fact number three and that is you Andy Murray.
 My fact is that there are three times as many estate agents in the UK as there are members
 of the armed forces.
 Yeah, that is weird.
 Well, yeah, there's been a massive boom in estate agents recently and also all the soldiers
 have been sacked.
 So in some ways, it's surprising.
 Oh really?
 Well, there are being huge cuts and people said that the army is going down to the size
 it was at the bear war, but it's not true.
 It's actually going to be substantially smaller than it was during the bear war.
 Yeah.
 Because in wartime, the army is increased massively.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 It's amazing.
 There are graphs of the armed forces population from about 1870 to today.
 And obviously there are two vast spikes there, but then it's been a gradual tail off since
 the end of the Second World War.
 And are they becoming estate agents?
 Is that what's that?
 Is it a straight swap?
 They're round a house where a guy in camouflage.
 Now this house has a beautiful bunker which you might want to use is facing north and it's
 very defensible, very defensible.
 I don't know.
 I don't think a lot of them are becoming estate agents.
 How many real estate agents do we have?
 At real estate agents or fake estate agents?
 There are, I think it's something like 560,000 from memory.
 In 2008, an estate agent was showing people around a potential property.
 I think it was in somewhere in the south of England.
 It was worth 350 grand.
 He opened up the walking closet to show it off and he found the owner hanging dead in there.
 Oh no.
 A spokesman for the company said it was quite a shock, which you would expect.
 It would have been good if it had been a sold by a guy called Roy Brooks, do you guys know
 who he is?
 No.
 Okay, Roy Brooks was an estate agent from the early 20th century and he was known as
 the honest estate agent.
 He would give somewhat two honest descriptions of his houses that he was trying to sell.
 So, I want to read one.
 This was from the early 20th century by Roy Brooks, and Brothel in Pimlico wanted someone
 with taste, means and a stomach strong enough to buy this erstwhile house of ill repute in Pimlico.
 It is untouched by the 20th century as far as convenience for even the basic human decencies
 is concerned.
 Although it reeks of damp or worse, the plaster is coming off the walls and daylight peeps
 through a hole in the roof.
 It is still habitable judging by the bed of rags, faggens and empty bottles in one corner.
 Plenty of scope for the socially aspiring to express their decorative taste and nothing to
 stop them putting Westminster on their note paper.
 That's fantastic.
 Ten rather unpleasant rooms with a smelly backyard £15,000.
 Wow.
 With a smelly backyard.
 Why did he do that?
 Well, he became famous for it and then got a lot of people looking at his properties because
 he'd become famous.
 There is definitely room for someone to do that today.
 I went on a viewing with someone who was looking to buy a place recently and it was basically
 a condemned place and his date agent to her credit said this is awful, isn't it?
 She was really really honest.
 Well, the kitchen was all covered in brown rust and condemned tape where it says it
 do not use this as a condemned equipment and she says it just looks like really bad food
 and then someone can get to the toilet in time.
 That was the first viewing I'd ever been on.
 That was quite £450,000 in zone 9.
 The foremost adulterous professions in the US are physicians, police officers, lawyers
 and then real estate agents or estate agents.
 I do like real estate agents.
 I feel like in Australia, that's what we call them, real estate agents.
 I think it is in America as well, possibly real estate agents or things, but here we just
 say it's date agents.
 Here in real estate agents is wonderful.
 Doctors, that's not great.
 Doctors.
 Wow.
 Police find that out.
 Was it self-reported?
 No, it was from a website where you go if you want to, if you're married and you want
 to hook up with people like those illicit encounters, I mean, not only no, I just, I don't
 have to put your profession in there and that's what they found.
 Right.
 Well, they might have been lying about that.
 I mean, they've been lying to the people in their lives as well.
 It's totally possible.
 A lot of would-be doctors would have said, "Yeah, I'm basically a doctor."
 There's a website you can look up in the US, which tells you if anyone's died in your
 house.
 Oh, okay.
 And how they did it.
 How they did it?
 Sounds like John Bonderson's book.
 John Bonderson.
 Yeah, James wrote an endorsement for this book that John Bonderson.
 He's a friend of us.
 He's a friend of ours.
 He does all sorts of odd travels around the UK to discover that this book in particular
 is called The Murder Houses of London.
 Basically, he's got this book, which is all about all the houses in London where there have
 been murders.
 And he goes into detail about the different murders that have been there.
 It's really, really interesting book.
 I got drunk with him once in Central London and when we got drunk, he went, "Do you want
 to see some of the houses?"
 And we walked around the London and he was like, "Here, there was a murder."
 And he was so excited by these murders.
 Just with the people being murdered in houses, though, sometimes the idea of ghosts is actually
 a desirable thing that real estate agents, real ones, use in order to sell a house.
 I mean, the people actually used to put wanted ads out when they were looking for a house
 with little requests for ghosts in the house.
 Wow.
 The word mortgage.
 Does everyone know what that means?
 I mean, it's a massive kick in the balls delivered to the wallet.
 No, it means death, mort.
 It means death, pledge, basically.
 So you can hang us off until you die?
 It's sort of.
 Well, the reason, so the earliest explanation we have for that is from someone, I think, in
 the 16th century who said, "The reason mortgage is death pledge, literally, is because it is
 doubtful whether the borrower will pay at the appointed day such some or not as is due.
 And so the land is taken from him, i.e. dead to him."
 So it's called a death pledge or a dead pledge, literally because it's so unlikely you'll
 be able to pay it back that you're going to have the land taken away from you, so you want
 it.
 But it comes in the same route, which I find really interesting.
 It comes, the word mortgage comes in the same route as the word wedding, though gauge is
 a pledge and wed was pledged, and they both come with the Germanic word 'wadjo'.
 Why don't we still use the word?
 Yeah, look at the stupid word.
 'Wadjo' so funny.
 It was a really beautiful 'wadjo' actually, the pride looked wonderful.
 I think we've just realised why we don't still use that word.
 Four wadjos in the funeral.
 Okay, time for the final fact of the podcast, and that is my fact, and that is that I recently
 discovered that medieval manuscripts are littered with drawings of warfare between snails
 and knights.
 They're just constantly in battle, and the amazing thing is no one knows why, it's a total
 mystery.
 Isn't it wonderful?
 It's just on the margins, on the side of all these manuscripts, there'll just be drawings
 of snails versus...
 And at the same time, it's not a real-sized knight and a tiny snail.
 It's the same size.
 It fluctuates sometimes.
 Sometimes it is tiny by their foot, sometimes they're way larger than the knight.
 And people are looking into it to try and work out why.
 There was a great paper called 'The Snail in Gothic Marginal Warfare'.
 And they have theories that it's a representation of the resurrection of Jesus, that the snail
 represents a sort of highly armoured chivalric foe.
 They don't know.
 They just have no idea.
 You know what I think it might be.
 You know when you just set the doodle link, one of the things you doodle is like a spiral,
 and sometimes you just draw a spiral, you might then turn it into a snail, and then when
 you're trying to snail, what are you obviously going to do?
 Make it fighting.
 It does go down a bit there, but there's a lot of paintings of the Virgin Mary, where she
 has snails in the picture.
 That's the symbolism of the Virgin Mary because the shells mean that their modesty is protected.
 And it was thought that they reproduced without sex.
 Oh really?
 And they don't do that, do they?
 Snails.
 Yeah, they don't reproduce without sex.
 No, they don't.
 No sex with sex.
 So they're roundy little beasts.
 Yeah, they're hermaphrodites.
 And they fire loved arts at each other.
 They certainly do.
 So, loved arts, they're like little arrows which are attached to the snail, but they don't
 fire them through the air.
 They basically get into close combat and then stab each other, and sometimes can stab
 each other very fiercely, so the hoppin will go through the other snail's head and out
 the other side.
 And then they mate.
 Yeah, that's not really what the painters of the Virgin Mary were going for.
 Oh no.
 There's a lovely 15th century manuscript that's covered in cat paw prints that I think went
 on Twitter last year, it went a bit viral.
 Oh, we should put that on our podcast page.
 We'll put it on Rolls-Royce page.
 Which humanizer is it really?
 Because suddenly you think, oh my god, a cat just walked across this guy's face.
 That was the one where the cat peed on it, was it?
 Did it?
 Yeah, the cat peed on it and the guy wrote, "Here is nothing missing, but a cat urinated
 on it during a certain night, cursed be the pesky cat that urinated over this book during
 the night in Deventa, and because of it, many others too, and beware well not to leave open
 books at night where cats can come as an arrive."
 Has it already been?
 Right.
 Cut it.
 Couldn't clarify that.
 It sounds like in the margins of these manuscripts are where whoever was scribbling all the
 stuff in the monks, let's say, there was like their own little place in the book where
 they could say what they really felt and the drawings that they could do to Lynn.
 No one would know to stop them.
 And people have translated some of like the extra commentary written by some of these monks
 who are frustrated from writing out these long manuscripts and they're amazing.
 So some of them include new parchment, bad ink, I say nothing more.
 Another one is, "Oh, my hand, at this one.
 Now I've written the whole thing, for Christ's sake, give me a drink."
 That's in a manuscripts.
 Oh god, it's fantastic.
 It's quite exciting because I didn't realize at the time when I saw this snail versus
 night thing that there's a lot of mysteries in medieval manuscripts.
 And they're constantly digging them up and there's great blogs on the British Library website,
 on the Smithsonian's website where they go into the back rooms.
 They dig through all of these manuscripts and they manage to find things that have just
 been lost in their archives and they contain mysteries once they find them.
 They found this great one recently, which was a long-lost cookbook that they were dying
 to find that they knew the existence of and it was run by a guy called Jeffery Fuel.
 And he worked in the kitchens for the Queen of England in 1328 to 1369.
 So that was a philipa of Haynalt at the time.
 And he was basically known as the Heston Blumenthal of his day.
 And he just...
 If I wouldn't have known who Heston Blumenthal was, that's the mystery, really.
 Yeah, exactly.
 The only evidence we have for time travel.
 He made tiny night porridge.
 This is what's weird about it.
 It's got a bunch of recipes in it and it has a recipe for hedgehogs, blackbirds,
 and then a recipe for unicorns.
 And one of the recipes starts with the sentence, "Take a one unicorn."
 That is so good.
 Yeah.
 That was the kind of cookbook you know when you get a cookbook that's really complicated
 and you open it and you think, "Oh, I don't have any of this."
 Straight away, you're closing that, you're going, "Fog it, deal here."
 He was the Heston Blumenthal of his day.
 He was the Miss' Beaton.
 She published recipes for kangaroo.
 Going back to that.
 Did she?
 Yeah.
 Curried kangaroo tails.
 Oh, that's funny.
 Because the Western grey kangaroo smells of curry.
 Does it?
 Yeah.
 Apparently.
 Well, speaking of kangaroos, there is a manuscript, which is a Portuguese manuscript,
 which has in one of the, you know how they always have a big letter to start off.
 Yeah.
 And there's always a drawing inside.
 Once upon a time with a bigger...
 Oh.
 Yeah, exactly.
 And then they're drawing in the oak.
 And this Portuguese manuscript, they have a picture of a kangaroo.
 And it predates when supposedly anyone had visited Australia by 400 years.
 Now, here's the thing.
 They obviously don't know whether or not it was a kangaroo in the drawing because people
 have pointed out it looks quite similar to an ardvark.
 And an ardvark apparently can go on its hind legs when it's trying to eat something
 off a tree.
 But when you look at this picture and we'll put it on the website, it's a kangaroo.
 Like no question about it.
 That's definitely a kangaroo.
 There is a painting from 1496 that has a sulfur-crested cockatoo in it, which is a parent native
 to Australia.
 Yeah.
 And they reckon that that is evidence that there was trading going on throughout the
 world at that time.
 Okay, we might not have, Westerners might not have sailed down to Australia, but the Australians
 would have traded with the Chinese who would have traded with Indians who would have traded
 with Europeans.
 Okay.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 That's amazing.
 We're certainly trading with China in things like sea cucumbers, so there's no reason to
 think that we wouldn't have traded, that the trade route wouldn't have come all the way
 through the silk path, etc.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 They spread rumours, didn't they?
 They said these islands that we've got are guarded by giant sea serpents and giant birds
 and they made it, they made the spice islands sound as intimidating as they possibly good,
 just so that no one else would sail there.
 And also it was so that the price would be so high.
 So cinnamon sticks, they said that they were part of a nest of a giant bird, and in order
 to get this bird you had to kill oxen and hide them so that the bird would go down and get
 the oxen, and then you could sneak up and grab bits of its, bits of its nest and they
 were cinnamon sticks.
 Of course it's all made up, but it meant that when you came home you could charge a massive
 price because all five of my men were killed.
 Wow.
 I'd have one cool thing about nights, so how do you dub a night?
 Sort on both shoulders, right?
 Yeah.
 So by the time William the Conqueror come to England, to night someone, you punch them
 in the face.
 Yeah, it was a blow with a fist, a bare fist to the face or neck, and this is how William
 the Conqueror for instance, knighted his son Henry, just a few punch in the neck.
 When did that stop?
 Not sure.
 Still going.
 Yeah.
 Can you imagine if the queen did this?
 To Sir Cliff Richard.
 Yeah.
 Praise yourself Cliff.
 She doesn't say a rise Sir Cliff.
 No.
 It's a myth.
 Yeah, because he's lying.
 He's just on the part.
 Okay, that's it for this week's podcast, that is all of our facts, thanks so much everyone
 for listening.
 If you want to get in contact with us about any of the things that we've said, you can
 get us all on our Twitter handles.
 I'm on @Streiberland, James @Xshaped, Andy @AndrewHunterM, Anna.
 Yeah, you can get me if you email podcast@QI.com.
 Also you can head to qi.com/podcast, which is the page where we like to add extra links,
 videos and so on of all the things that we've been talking about during the course of this
 podcast.
 It's also got every single one of our previous episodes that you can check out and they've
 all got special page links and so on.
 So go there, check it out, qi.com/podcast.
 Also, just very quickly, if you happen to be an Edinburgh for the Edinburgh Fringe Festival,
 there's quite a lot of no such thing as a fish related comedy shows going up there.
 Andy you're going to be doing two shows, you're doing ostentatious.
 Yeah, that's at the Pleasant's Dome at 140pm every day, it's Jane Austen themed enterprise
 comedy.
 I'm also doing a two-person improv show called Folly Adder, which is at 6pm every day at Pleasant's
 courtyard.
 Yeah, I'm going to be doing my debut hour, which is called Cock Blocked from Outer Space.
 And it's an hour stand-up show from 540 at the Underbelly Daisy Room.
 And also we're going to be doing Museumicuriosity Live, which is the live version of our BBC
 for Radio Show.
 John Lloyd's going to be up there.
 We have amazing guests from Jimmy Carr, Phil Jupiter, Mark Watson, David O'Doppady, to the
 academics that we love getting on the show, like Henry Marsh, the UK leading brain surgeon,
 and Irving Finkel, who is an ancient Babylonian unicorn expert from the British Museum.
 Okay, and if you're not going to Edinburgh, just come to London and have a drink with me,
 because I'm going to be on my own.
 Okay, thanks so much for listening, we'll see you again next week.
 Goodbye.
 [Music]
