 (phone ringing)
 - Can I look at it, put it on like this.
 (upbeat music)
 - Hello and welcome to another episode
 of "No Such Thing as a Fish" a weekly podcast.
 This week coming to you from the Edinburgh Fringe Festival.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I'm joined once again by the three other elves.
 Please welcome to the stage.
 It's Andy Murray, James Harkin, and Anna Chazinski.
 (audience cheering)
 And once again, we have gathered around
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days
 and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with my fact this week,
 my fact this week is that the current French Scrabble Champion
 doesn't speak a word of French.
 (audience laughing)
 This was in the news not too long ago,
 so I feel like some people know it,
 but I just found that absolutely amazing.
 Did he just randomly play letters
 which all turned out to be
 except the French Scrabble dictionary?
 He memorized the French Scrabble dictionary,
 and then he just used that.
 And even in the finals, he told the French guy,
 that's not a word.
 (audience laughing)
 Yeah, it's amazing character.
 Yeah, his name's Nigel Richards, he's from New Zealand.
 - Oh wow.
 (audience laughing)
 - I read an article about him on shortlist.com
 entitled, "Why Nigel Richards is better than Lionel Messi?"
 (audience laughing)
 - Well, they do call him the Tiger Woods Scrabble, don't they?
 'Cause we should stress he is not known to be an adulterer.
 (audience laughing)
 I've read a thing a guy who's written a book about Scrabble,
 he's a sort of Scrabble expert,
 he's called Stefan Fatzis, and he said,
 "Right now, Richards is," or I'm quoting here,
 "like Tiger Woods at his peak,"
 and then Tiger saying, "I think I'll also take up tennis
 "and then winning Wimbledon the next year."
 - Wow, yeah.
 - Did he engulf people call Tiger Woods
 the Nigel Richards of golf?
 - Yes.
 (audience laughing)
 - What happened?
 - I saw an interview with him on YouTube,
 and they asked what the secret is,
 and he said, "I'm not sure there is a secret,
 "it's just a matter of learning all the words."
 (audience laughing)
 I was not secret anymore.
 (audience laughing)
 And apparently he's read the 1,953 page
 Chambers Dictionary five times,
 and memorized every single word in the dictionary.
 - Wow.
 Apparently, you're at more of an advantage.
 Scrabble players say, "When you don't speak
 "the language that you're playing in."
 - I bet it's the French who said that, is it?
 (audience laughing)
 - No, it's, apparently it's more about memorizing
 the coding of it, the mathematics of it.
 You look at it, like you look at a,
 I don't know, a big--
 - I mean, certainly what you do need to do
 is know all the two letter words
 'cause they're the most useful ones,
 and most of them aren't really real words.
 They're just like two letters put together.
 - No, no, no, no.
 - Like real is common, too, like a word.
 I think it's the most common, too, like a word.
 - Yeah.
 - The most commonly used word in all of Scrabble.
 - Is, is, uh, Chi, which is about QI.
 (audience laughing)
 Do you want to hear a move that Richard's made in 1998?
 - Yeah.
 - You do.
 (audience laughing)
 Right.
 - It's 1998.
 (audience laughing)
 I've set the scene.
 (audience laughing)
 So he was, he was pretty new at the time
 to competitive Scrabble,
 and he had C, D, H, L, R, N, and then a blank tile.
 - Children.
 - There was an E on the board,
 and he could have played that,
 and he used up all seven letters
 and got a 50 point bonus, like an idiot.
 - Oh.
 (audience laughing)
 - Instead, he found two O's and an E,
 which were all in line on the board,
 not connected to each other,
 and played all of his letters to make the ten letter
 chloradine.
 - Oh my God.
 - Yeah.
 - That is like a dream,
 'cause you always want to connect all of those
 vertical columns, but it never works.
 - Wow.
 - And he only loved the game at the age of 28,
 and his mother introduced it to him,
 and she said, this is her words.
 I said, I know a game you're not going to be very good at.
 (audience laughing)
 Because you can't spell very well,
 and you won't very good at English at school.
 (audience laughing)
 Unfortunately, here's a mathematical genius,
 so you can't see all the, you just see it, yeah.
 - But another Scrabble move that's been made
 was in the first ever World Scrabble Championships
 in the early '90s.
 There was a winner, but the person who was runner up,
 the reason he lost was because one of the last words he played,
 and sometimes, you know, even if you've got a few letters left,
 you take a pun on a word that you hope exists,
 'cause there are lots of weird words,
 and the first word he played,
 the last word he played was the word "smail",
 as in "snail" with an "m" in the hope that that could
 get him some points, and it couldn't,
 but now that "smail" is an anagram of another word,
 which gets points.
 - Mails?
 - Yeah, so he couldn't have played males,
 and he lost the Scrabble Championship,
 because he played "smail" instead.
 (laughter)
 - You want to do it?
 - You want to do it?
 - You want to do it?
 - It's like, that's awful.
 - He's very much the today's Tiger Woods of Scrabble.
 (laughter)
 - Do you guys know about the inventor of Scrabble?
 - He was cut.
 - Yes, Alfred Butts, which is just a lovely surname.
 - Alfred Mosher Butts was his middle name, not his nickname, right?
 - Yeah, and he only revealed a few days before
 he died.
 He lived until quite old.
 He was 93, I think.
 He said that he was a bad speller, and everyone was like,
 "That's hilarious," and then he died.
 It was less hilarious.
 (laughter)
 But on his tombstone, it said, "R.P.I."
 (laughter)
 - Mm-hmm.
 - Yeah, so he invented Scrabble.
 He called it it originally.
 I had another name for it, and then someone bought it off him
 and turned it into Scrabble, so when we use this word,
 and so he had that whole thing of the difficult second album,
 and he actually released the game, and it was called...
 Oh, sorry, I've lost it now.
 - I know what it was called. - Yeah, what's it called?
 - Alfred's Other Game.
 - That's it.
 - His follow-up to Scrabble was called Alfred's Other Game.
 - No one knew who Alfred was. - No one knew who Alfred was.
 - To know anything about it, because no one's ever bought it
 as far as I can tell, except four reviewers
 who reviewed it online, all of them say,
 "It's like Solitaire, but it involves two players,
 "but the two players don't interact with each other at all."
 So I think it's basically two Solitaire sets,
 and you're just supposed to sit next to someone
 while you do them. - Right.
 - Yeah, he wasted a lot of his talent on the first one, I think.
 So he decided the points for Scrabble, based on...
 He studied the front page of the New York Times
 over a series of months, didn't he?
 And then logged the frequency of certain letters
 in the New York Times that appeared,
 and decided the point scores based on that.
 So a lot of people now think we should change it.
 - I wonder if he counted the letters in New York Times,
 which appeared every single day.
 That is such a good point. - Yeah.
 - And that's why why isn't worth as much as it should be.
 - Yeah. - Yeah.
 - That's probably why I'm so bad at Scrabble.
 Yeah, and actually, if you're playing it in another language,
 it's not just the words, it's also the letters
 of worth different amounts, so that must be pretty hard.
 In Polish, a Z is worth one point.
 Although a Z with an accent on it is worth 10 points.
 - Really? - Yeah, that's weird.
 In Ukrainian, an apostrophe is worth 10 points.
 (laughing)
 But in Armenian, the board is 17 by 17,
 instead of 15 by 15, 'cause they have longer words.
 And they also have loads of letters that I've never heard of.
 So for one point, the letters "yeck" and "khen".
 For two points, the letter "men".
 For three points, the letter "ben".
 And for four points, the letter "ra".
 (laughing)
 I assume that's how you pronounce these "ra".
 - Well, did you see the "gur" has been added
 to the official Scrabble Dictionary in the last update,
 which was made in 2011.
 The words "gur" "thang" and "blingy" have been added
 to the Scrabble Dictionary.
 You can now play those.
 There's this huge wall between the Americans
 and everyone else, because...
 - Classic wall there, probably.
 - So, we'll, as you guys know, use the OSPD,
 the official Scrabble Dictionary, when we're playing Scrabble,
 and we've actually combined that with the OSW,
 the official Scrabble word list.
 But the US refuses to do that,
 and keeps on using its own dictionary, the tournament word list,
 which is a completely different list of what...
 I mean, there's probably some overlap.
 (laughing)
 - I mean, as long as both have "thang", I'm happy.
 (laughing)
 - But yeah, people get very angry about this.
 - Well, they don't like swear words in the American one.
 - I don't know, they've banned this.
 - Yeah, they've banned all swear words,
 and ESPN decided to put the Scrabble Championships
 onto their channel.
 But they had a thing where they said, "These are the lists."
 I think it was about 170 words.
 They said, "You can't say this on television.
 "You can do this in normal Scrabble competition,
 "but you can't do this on television."
 But so, what they did was the first 30 rounds
 of the competition, they could use all the rude words
 that were banned.
 And then when it got to the televised bit,
 they couldn't do it anymore.
 - That's pretty bad that they were allowed it
 for half of the tournament, and then not afterwards.
 'Cause what about someone like me
 who only ever plays rude words in Scrabble?
 (laughing)
 I'm gonna be nailing it halfway through,
 and then I'm gonna be absolutely useless
 as on TV as well.
 I will be using a lot of those words,
 but not on the board.
 (laughing)
 - I'm gonna have to move it on in a few minutes.
 So if anyone's got anything else,
 there's a very cool thing about Scrabble in Senegal
 where it's an official sport,
 and they take it so seriously,
 and Senegal hosted the French Scrabble World Championship
 in 2008.
 So this was before Richard's won.
 But the Senegalese government composed
 an official song to mark the occasion,
 and I read this in an article about it
 that in Senegal, you can buy a set of Scrabble
 on most street corners,
 (laughing)
 which I can't quite believe, but I want to believe.
 And I'm never gonna go to Senegal
 in case it turns out not to be true.
 (laughing)
 - Comes free with your bag of crack.
 Just to Scrabble dials.
 (laughing)
 I was on some online chat forums,
 just separate to work.
 And it was one of those,
 I was just taking a break.
 And it was, you know, it was like a Yahoo,
 answers thing or something,
 and it was a parent who said,
 this is literally what it read,
 "Hmm, my seven-year-old just swallowed a Scrabble dial.
 "No, wait, it's a banana-grams-tile."
 He tells me, "Anyone have an experience with this?"
 (laughing)
 I mean, it is exactly the same
 a banana-grams-tile to a Scrabble-tile.
 I guess she meant to specify not--
 - Probably just like make another tile out of cardboard
 and use that.
 (laughing)
 - Okay, it's time for fact number two,
 and that is James Harkin.
 - Okay, my fact this week is that the world's only
 venomous frogs headbutt their enemies to death.
 (laughing)
 - They're very little known species from Millwall.
 (laughing)
 - And you Googled Violent Football Team, didn't you?
 You've got no idea what you just said.
 (laughing)
 - And I'll never go, in case it turns out to be true.
 (laughing)
 - I think that's very safe.
 So yeah, you get a lot of frogs which are poisonous,
 which means if you eat them, you would be sick.
 But these are venomous, so they stick the poison
 into the body of their prey.
 And they are called Apparas Venodon Brunoi
 and Cory Philmante's Greening Eye.
 And they have really flexible necks
 and really pointy skulls, and they have poison on their skulls.
 Actually, a single gram of venom from the first one
 of those frogs would be enough to kill 80 people.
 - Wow, 80, so they're proper hardcore
 and they're only little guys as well.
 (laughing)
 - Wow.
 - And have you heard of the Harry frog?
 - No.
 - So the Harry frog does this thing
 that when it's getting to a fight,
 it will break its toe bones to snap them,
 which is always intimidating to see someone doing that
 when you're in a fight with them.
 And they start breaking themselves before they go for you.
 So they'll just snap their toes off.
 And then they push their toe bones through their skin,
 like Wolverine, like, and they just come out
 and they go, do you want some?
 And then it's the most aggressive fighting I've ever heard of.
 - Andy, I don't know if you know this is exactly
 what they do in Millwall.
 (laughing)
 - Also, sea cucumbers, just while we're
 on the kind of fighting defense thing,
 they shoot their internal organs out through their ass hole.
 - So, sorry, Andy hates what they say
 where it's like that, I don't know.
 - That's why you two never place grubbles together.
 (laughing)
 - Yeah, imagine that, shooting bits of your body
 out through your ass, that's quite crazy.
 - Yeah, I can regrow them afterwards.
 They can regrow them and the idea is
 that the predators will eat the stuff that's come out
 and they won't eat the cucumber themselves.
 But actually, they also have a fish
 that live inside the renaces called slender pearl fish.
 So that must be pretty bad for those fish
 who are just sitting in a nice little home
 and suddenly everything gets ejected out.
 (laughing)
 - A nice little home.
 Oh, we've got it great, haven't we?
 (laughing)
 Look at our anus.
 - We've got a nice two up two down anus.
 (laughing)
 - We're really hoping to move to a bigger anus
 in the country.
 (laughing)
 - So, there's two on a gist, were in Ecuador recently.
 And they spotted this frog that was obviously
 a new species 'cause it was like covered in spikes
 that they'd never seen before.
 So they're like, this is really exciting.
 And they spotted it around a way.
 So they spent years and years in Ecuador
 looking for this frog again.
 And they eventually found it.
 I think this year or last year, and they got it
 and they put it in a jar overnight.
 And I will deal with that tomorrow, you know,
 classified or whatever.
 Came downstairs in the morning
 and all of its spikes had gone.
 And so the geologist, the female geologist said,
 "I thought I must have just picked up the wrong frog."
 (laughing)
 And so I was very disappointed.
 But I just, you know, as she said,
 I laid down some moss so it would be comfortable in there.
 And then I decided to take it back out into the wild the next day.
 And then the next day the spikes were back.
 And it became apparent that this is a shape-shifting frog,
 the first known shape-shifting amphibian.
 - Well, do we know if they can turn into princes?
 (audience laughing)
 I read that in a scientific manual.
 (laughing)
 There was, when Disney released the princess and the frog,
 more than 50 children were hospitalised with cell manella
 from trying to kiss frogs.
 - Wow.
 - Just play banana grams with them like normal.
 Much better.
 In 2008 some scientists found a frog with no lungs.
 So this is really, really cool.
 It's called Barbara Ruler Kalim Mantanensis.
 Don't write in.
 And it hadn't been dissected before
 because they only had two specimens of it.
 And they didn't want to destroy
 the only two specimens they had.
 So nobody suspected that it wouldn't have lungs.
 And then they found another one and they thought,
 well, let's dissect it.
 - And sucks to be the third frog.
 (laughing)
 - The early bird catches the worm.
 And the second mouse gets the cheating.
 The third frog is dissected.
 (laughing)
 But it gets all its oxygen through its skin.
 It's so cool.
 And the really, really cool thing is that
 it actively threw away its own lungs.
 As then it used to have lungs
 and then it thought, I don't need these.
 (laughing)
 And because it saves space on lungs in its body,
 it's a bit slimmer and flatter.
 So it has a bigger surface area.
 So it can absorb more oxygen proportional to its size.
 - Well, that's like there's the scrotum frog,
 which does quite a similar thing.
 Yeah, the scrotum frog is cool that
 because it just has incredibly floppy skin.
 So it's got these really tiny lungs
 that can't really take much, but it got way too much skin.
 And so it's loads of surface area.
 And so it looks like a scrotum.
 So obviously it's far too much skin, it's kind of gross.
 (laughing)
 But it does help it respire.
 - Can I do some stuff on headbutting?
 - Yes, yeah, yeah.
 - So a Welsh police force has trained its dogs
 to disable their targets by leaping at them
 and delivering a flying headbutt rather than biting them.
 (laughing)
 And this is because people were being bitten by police dogs
 and kind of getting compensation or whatever
 and they thought, well, a better way of doing it
 is just having them attacking the people with their heads.
 - I read that if cats headbutt you,
 this is what the scientist report I saw said.
 (laughing)
 That when cats headbutt you,
 it's the equivalent of them giving you a high five.
 (laughing)
 - And that's like the science you say.
 - Yeah, that's from my way.
 They just come over and they're just going,
 "Yeah, man, you're all right."
 - That's a loose definition of the equivalent of a high five.
 I mean, so they rub against you to express affection.
 - Can I take it up with science, eh?
 (laughing)
 - My five can signify so much.
 - Joy, sorrow, affection, sorrow, high five.
 (laughing)
 - That's the last time I take you to a funeral.
 (laughing)
 - Just one more thing about headbutt's Bedfordshire Council,
 apparently, according to this newspaper article I read,
 they banned local artists from displaying paintings
 behind glass and there were a few different reasons they gave,
 but one of them was that someone might
 headbutt a picture and cut themselves.
 - Who's going around art gallery's headbutting pictures?
 - The Millwall fans day out.
 (laughing)
 - Oh my God, I'm sorry I even mentioned Millwall.
 (laughing)
 - Actually, have you read that the headbutting record world record
 has recently been set, recently been reset and beaten?
 And by quite some way, so...
 - Wait, wait, wait, what, to do what?
 - Also, this is what you have to do.
 You have to crack walnuts with your head.
 And so the record previously was 44 walnuts,
 so you lay walnuts out on a table.
 You just bash, bash, bash.
 44 walnuts held by an American.
 And then this Pakistani guy called Muhammad Rashid
 has reset the record and he cracked 155 walnuts
 within the space of a minute.
 - A minute? - One minute, yeah.
 - He's the tiger woods, oh.
 (laughing)
 - Competitive headbutting.
 (laughing)
 - I just like to say that Mr Rashid
 is not an adulterer.
 (laughing)
 - That's what, two and a half, a second?
 Is that right? - Yeah.
 - Can I be right?
 - But is he smashing a big bunch of them
 or are they all in a line?
 - No, no, they're in a line.
 You're gonna do one at a time.
 - Wow, yeah.
 - I couldn't do that with a hammer.
 - No, I know, that's why you're not even...
 - You're not even anywhere near the competition.
 - That's why I failed to place.
 (laughing)
 - A turned up with a hammer, B.
 (laughing)
 - It did not break records.
 (laughing)
 - We're gonna have to move on in a minute.
 Any last, before we go?
 - Just, did you hear,
 do you remember reading in 2005
 about the exploding frog freak out in Hamburg?
 - It's so amazing.
 - It's so weird.
 So there was suddenly,
 this started happening in Hamburg.
 Thousands of frogs started exploding
 and, you know, spattering their entrails,
 all over the streets and their entrails would spatter up
 to like a meter wide.
 And people didn't know why they were doing this.
 And there were these weird theories flying around
 about what was going on.
 So some of those hot frogs
 were just starting to commit mass suicide
 for no apparent reason.
 Someone else thought they'd caught a virus
 from race horses.
 Go on, James.
 - Just wondering where the horse racing theory came from.
 - Yeah, the horse exploding scandal in Hamburg
 the week before was...
 (laughing)
 I can't believe I didn't mention that.
 So what actually happened?
 So what happened was, it turned out it was crows.
 So crows had figured out
 that you can't eat the whole toad
 because it's skin is poisonous.
 And so, you know, you die.
 But you can pierce the skin
 and the only good bit of a frog,
 any food connoisseur knows is the liver anyway.
 You suck the liver out.
 And then what happens is,
 the liver of these toads
 is what's keeping all their organs in.
 And so they end up like,
 they puff up in defense
 and all their organs start exploding out of their body.
 - Wow.
 - Yeah.
 - But the crows have a nice bit of foie gras
 and aren't poisoned.
 So it depends who's side you're on.
 (laughing)
 - Okay, we're gonna move on to our next act.
 Time for fact, number three.
 And that is Juzinski.
 - Oh yeah, my effect is that
 when the film All Quiet on the Western Front
 was released in Germany,
 Gubbles went to see it at the cinema.
 And within 10 minutes, he'd release stink bombs,
 itching powder and white mice
 in order to scare everyone out of the cinema.
 So this was fun guy, Gubbles.
 (laughing)
 Everyone's favorite clown.
 (laughing)
 - So he did it 10 minutes in.
 - He started doing it at the start,
 but he wrote in his diary.
 He kept 10,000 pages of diary entries, which my god.
 And one of his pages related how he started doing it.
 Within 10 minutes, the whole cinema was in chaos.
 People were running away, itching themselves,
 you know, fainting with the smell.
 - Yeah, they really didn't like that movie, did they?
 'Cause it was the fact that the German soldiers
 died in a not brave way,
 and the French soldiers did die in a more brave way.
 - Yeah.
 - So it got banned.
 But then ironically in Poland,
 it also got banned because it was pro-German.
 - Yeah.
 - So Germany banned it for being anti-German
 and Poland banned it for being pro-German.
 - What's pretty crazy as well?
 So I was reading the IMDB page for it today,
 and in the little trivia bit,
 they were saying that a lot of the extras in the movie
 were actual German soldiers from World War I,
 who had moved over to America,
 who they said were doing this thing,
 and we just want to know about how you would march and so on,
 and the uniforms, can we have the better look,
 and they all said, "I'd love to be in the film."
 And so a lot of the German soldiers in it,
 are actual German soldiers from World War I.
 Pretty crazy, pretty bold casting.
 So the intervention that was kind of,
 I think you had a lot of brown shirts or the essay,
 with the brown shirts, to disrupt the...
 - Yeah, to freak people out, yeah.
 - And then it was, I think it was banned
 shortly afterwards in Germany.
 - It was banned, yes.
 All the Nazis came to power, it was, I think it was 19...
 - Yeah, it was, it was 2030, and so.
 - 2030.
 - But you know, they were already a thing.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - So yeah, he brought the brown shirts in,
 and it was banned, and the writer of the original book,
 who was called...
 - Remark.
 - Remark had to leave the country,
 and then he was in fight, so he was told he had to leave,
 'cause he was in this unpatriotic book,
 and turned into an unpatriotic film.
 And then, girl was obviously rethought that,
 and wrote him a few months later,
 and said, "Actually, no, no, honestly, come back.
 "Do come back."
 But at this point, you know,
 people were starting to get the hang of the whole Nazis,
 not being good guys idea, and so,
 Remark wrote back and said, "What, 65 million people
 "want to get out of the country,
 "and I'm supposed to come back of my own free will,
 "not on your life," and he never returned,
 which is probably a good move.
 He was nominated for a Nobel Peace Prize for that.
 - Who was?
 - Remark, for the film.
 So, it's quite cool.
 You can go on the Nobel Peace Prize website,
 and look at all the nominations that were more than 50 years ago
 when they've been released.
 And that saved me in 1931,
 he was nominated for writing all quiet on the Western Front.
 Also, the government of Finland was nominated.
 - That's it. - I don't know why.
 Yeah.
 Just really peace-loving guys back then.
 Yeah.
 - Not like now when we're all living out of the Finnish jackboot.
 (all laughing)
 - I have a few things about censorship and stuff.
 - Yeah.
 - There was a British council
 who banned the life of Brian,
 even though they had no cinemas in their boundaries.
 (all laughing)
 - And in 1999, the censors in Bournemouth
 asked to see a sexually explicit French film
 with a view to banning it,
 even though no cinema had expressed any interest in showing it.
 (all laughing)
 - Wasn't the first everything not banned,
 but censored in the film industry in this country
 was the cheese board.
 - Yeah.
 - Sorry, it's not an actual cheese board.
 It's like a group of people who talk about cheese a lot.
 And there was a movie that came out where they showed,
 I think it was close up on cheese and all the bacteria and stuff,
 so they asked for it to be censored.
 And it was censored.
 It was the first to ask and get of censorship in cinemas.
 - Yeah.
 - What a movie though, it sounds great, hey.
 - Imagine ordering the cheese board at a restaurant
 and you get 12 folks who just love cheese to live at your table.
 (all laughing)
 - I wish I had had the pudding.
 (all laughing)
 - On Monty Python's Life of Brian.
 - Oh yeah.
 - 'Cause it was banned in lots of different local burrows
 in the UK as James says.
 And in "Thanit" in "Cent" the ban was overturned
 and there were local avas placed in the newspaper saying,
 "Have you seen Monty Python's Life of Brian?"
 "Thanit District Council have."
 Because they'd had to see it in order to overturn the ban.
 (all laughing)
 I think every film should be avid.
 (all laughing)
 - I was looking at pranking.
 And in the 19th century, electricity-based pranks
 were really fashionable.
 'Cause they just discovered how to how to sort of wield electricity.
 There were things on sale like electric hammocks.
 You could buy, you lie in a hammock,
 it'd electrocute someone, that's quite fun.
 (all laughing)
 Electric carpets, so someone's walking of your carpet
 and then you could, it's the same idea.
 - Yeah.
 (all laughing)
 - I read one that was called The Wireless Trick Telephone.
 Did you hear about this one?
 - Yeah.
 - Okay, The Wireless Trick Telephone.
 This is the description for it.
 When the candidate attempts to answer this phone,
 a 32 caliber blank cartridge will explode
 with a loud report, and at the same time,
 white powder will be blown with a strong blast
 from the transmitter into his face.
 (all laughing)
 That's a full-on prank.
 And then check this one out.
 The pledge alter, right?
 This, if you bought it, is an alter.
 It's the size of, like, we've all got alters in our home.
 - Exactly.
 (all laughing)
 - A very practical prank that you'd almost do daily.
 - Is it for Vickers making pranks?
 - It must be right, who's using the pledge alter?
 (all laughing)
 Okay, well, let's picture it as there
 and that it is in the church.
 This is what happens.
 This is the description.
 The candidate kneels before the alter in a darkened room
 and when low, up before him jumps a skeleton
 with large illuminated glaring eyes,
 a blank cartridge is exploding.
 (all laughing)
 A stream of water hits him in the face.
 - An electric shock is shot through his knees.
 (all laughing)
 - April Fool's Day, pretty wild in the 1800s.
 That's amazing.
 The original thing was about itching powder, wasn't it?
 - Yeah.
 - And in World War II, the British put itching powder
 into German uniforms to try and, you know.
 - I think this isn't the early days
 when we weren't sure we wanted to go all out.
 (all laughing)
 - I'm sure we wanted to pull the full pledge alter drink
 on the Germans.
 (all laughing)
 - Yeah, they called it itchkrieg, I believe, in the business.
 (all laughing)
 No, they did call it that.
 - No way.
 (all laughing)
 - That's amazing.
 But how do we get access to German uniforms
 to put itching powder in them?
 - They infiltrated laundries.
 So they had members of the resistance in Germany
 who would go into laundries and then, you know,
 that, well, it's obvious from there.
 (all laughing)
 But another thing that happened.
 So in Norway, the Norwegian resistance,
 when Norway was taken by the Nazis,
 the resistance coated condoms in itching powder
 and sold them to the Nazis.
 - Wow.
 - Which I think caused problems.
 - Yeah.
 (all laughing)
 - Be very stimulating for a second.
 (all laughing)
 You're so positive about everything that.
 (all laughing)
 - You know the seven year rich, it's a saying for,
 after seven years in relationship,
 it all goes sour or whatever.
 It seems to be a thing that a lot of scientists
 do studies on to see when the actual time is,
 it's not seven years, it's another time.
 And obviously the newspapers pick up on it.
 There was an article in the Daily Telegraph
 a couple of years ago that said it's actually
 a four year rich, not a seven year rich.
 The Daily Mail seems to go for this almost weekly.
 (all laughing)
 They have had various articles over the last few years
 that say, actually, rather than the seven year rich,
 humans have either a 12 year rich, a five year rich,
 an 11 year rich, a 25 year rich, a three year rich,
 an 11 month age, or the most recent one I found
 was a two year six month and 25 day rich.
 (all laughing)
 - I think someone has been supplying the mail HQ
 with these condoms that they've done in the describing.
 It's been a very exciting few years for itch science,
 I think.
 (all laughing)
 I've seen a number of, we've cracked a lot of mysteries
 in the last few years, 2011, they worked out
 why, they've worked out that itching is contagious.
 So that's a big moment. - Yeah.
 - And in 2014, they've worked out
 that scratching makes you want to scratch more.
 - So when is that contagious?
 Do you mean from one person to another?
 - Yeah, so if I, if you start itching,
 I'll be like, oh, that looks good.
 And then I'll just do it.
 - We've already established your itching fettish.
 (all laughing)
 - The only reason Dan knows so much about itch science
 in the last few years is he subscribes to itch monthly.
 (all laughing)
 Itch good.
 (all laughing)
 You know, in cinemas, I don't know if anyone here
 knows about them, but I'd certainly never heard
 the cinemas used to have crying rooms.
 Do you know about that?
 Yeah, I know.
 So immediately I thought it was for any sort of like
 the wall fans go, I'm not gonna cry here.
 And then suddenly the notebook is really getting to them
 and they're just like, I'm just gonna be gone for a minute
 and they go into this room.
 It turns out it's for babies.
 It's mothers with babies.
 They would go in there if it was crying.
 So they could continue to watch the movie.
 And it would be just a soundproof room.
 They would have speakers coming in,
 but they could watch it from in there
 and not have to miss the movie themselves.
 Or fathers, that was really sexist of me,
 fathers and babies.
 That sounds like such a fantastic thing.
 I quite like the idea of just being individual booths
 for everyone, so I don't have to be there
 anyone else in the cinemas.
 I think that's called just your bedroom.
 Yeah.
 Or the CD or parts of Soho.
 There are places where you can do that in.
 We're gonna have to move on.
 We're gonna have to move on.
 We're gonna have to move on.
 (all laughing)
 Okay, it's time for our final fact of the show
 and that is Andrew Hunter Murray.
 My fact this week is that
 defunct sports from the early 20th century
 include archery golf, boxing on horseback
 and competitive flag pole sitting.
 (all laughing)
 This is from a book I read recently
 and it's such a good book.
 I loved it so much.
 It's called Fox Tossing Octopus Wrestling
 and Other Forgotten Sports
 by Edward Brook Hitching.
 And it is electric.
 It is sort of this list of incredible sports
 that we've forgotten about, so.
 An archery golf just to confirm is archery hyphen golf,
 not archery, comma, golf.
 All right, 'cause you still have those.
 Ah, yes, yes, yes.
 This is where you have golfers and archers
 on the same course at the same time.
 That's amazing.
 (all laughing)
 'Cause I read an article where there was one person
 the archer was playing against the golfer
 is that there was that the standard way
 you'd have an archer versus a golfer.
 If you archers take a 10-point handicap against golfers,
 'cause obviously they've got a bow and arrow.
 (all laughing)
 So the archers fire their shots
 and everyone tees off from the same spot except
 the archers are firing towards the,
 what was it called?
 (all laughing)
 Don't get all technical.
 (all laughing)
 And so for the archers, the hole is something
 like a tennis ball balanced on a tink and you have to hit it.
 And you have three different kinds of arrow that you use.
 You have a light one for the first drive
 and then a really heavy one for the putting.
 Yeah, and people played it until the 1970s as a sport.
 Sounds great.
 How about horse boxing?
 Talk us through that.
 Is that boxing against a horse?
 Yeah, no.
 Is two guys sitting on the horseback and boxing each other
 and you lose if the other guy knocks you off your horse
 and you're unable to get back on within 10 seconds?
 (all laughing)
 Well, it's similar to chess boxing, right?
 People like to inject boxing, I think,
 into other sports to make other sports more exciting.
 Like chess boxing where you play a round of chess
 and then you do a round of boxing.
 And I think the winner is the person either
 who manages to checkmate the other person
 or to knock them unconscious.
 I don't really, it doesn't sound fair that, does it?
 'Cause I'm okay at chess,
 but probably would get knocked out immediately in boxing.
 So you have to get checkedmate pretty fast.
 Well, that's, you've got to be multi-talented.
 And also, you probably get increasingly worse at chess
 than all you are concussed.
 (all laughing)
 Yeah, but then the other person
 doesn't get worse at boxing the more I put him closer to that area.
 (all laughing)
 If anything, it'll only make him angry.
 (all laughing)
 Just on the horseboxing thing,
 you had to wear boxing gloves, obviously,
 'cause they played by Queen's B rules,
 but that made it very hard to grip the reins.
 So most of the round involved lining your horse up next
 to the other guy's horse.
 (all laughing)
 It's really hard to do with boxing gloves on.
 Yeah.
 (all laughing)
 So a few other of the sports that was in that book,
 I did have a look through the book and it's amazing.
 Ice tennis, which seems really cool,
 is literally what it says, it is.
 Phone booth stuffing.
 (all laughing)
 And the record is 25,
 just if anyone wants to go against it.
 Yeah, and flag pole sitting, that's my favorite one.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah, because they produced huge celebrities off the back of it.
 (all laughing)
 No, honestly, so there was one guy, in particular,
 called Alvin Shipwreck Kelly.
 So no one's quite sure why he's called Shipwreck,
 other than he claimed to be involved in five shipwrecks.
 And...
 That's probably why.
 Well, no, but...
 (all laughing)
 He claimed he'd been on the Titanic.
 Yeah, but people aren't sure about that,
 'cause the passenger records seem to not indicate a hint.
 Yes, yeah.
 His, I don't think you'd let someone
 call Shipwreck on the Titanic.
 (all laughing)
 He probably gave him a false name.
 John Iceberg Smith, welcome on board.
 (all laughing)
 They're all good, mate.
 Nice to see you.
 But pole sitting genuinely was, I think,
 a proper fad in the 1920s and 30s.
 In America, people were really into it
 and constantly breaking records for it.
 And so I was looking into the British newspaper archive
 during that time and we really disapproved of it.
 Like every single article that references pole sitting
 in America talks about this degrading exhibition
 has now reached the dangerous stage.
 So basically, I mean, the competition is you just sit
 at the top of a pole for as long as you possibly can
 until it gets uncomfortable and then you come back down.
 We thought poles would be quite spiky at the top.
 They opened up a platform.
 I mean, I don't know what to do with that.
 It's really, really tiny, you know?
 Yeah, but, you know...
 (all laughing)
 Frozen balls, guys.
 (all laughing)
 71 hours was the record in the Don D'Courier
 that was reported.
 Well, Shipwreck Kelly supposedly sat on it
 for 49 days and one hour.
 Yeah, that's good.
 Yeah, that's pretty amazing.
 It's very much the Tiger Woods of pole sitting there.
 (all laughing)
 He did a 28 city tour of sitting on poles.
 And he did a tour and he charged people with roof access
 so that they could see him at the top of his pole.
 So you bought tickets to the roof of buildings
 and you could watch him doing it.
 He did it all through his life.
 That's it, David Blaney, isn't it?
 Yeah, exactly.
 Yeah.
 And he, for sleeping, obviously,
 'cause you would have to sleep a bit.
 He would cut holes into the side of the flagpole
 and put his fingers in there.
 And then if he slept and he started to sag right down,
 it would hurt his fingers and he'd sort of, you know,
 stay up there.
 Like that.
 Yeah, keep him up.
 Keep him up there.
 It's a not career choice, isn't it?
 It is, yeah.
 He died, you know, broke many years after the glory days.
 Yeah, exactly.
 His career went downhill.
 He got hit by a car.
 And he, so he died from being hit by this car
 and they found on him a scrapbook of his life.
 And it was called, the title was, "The luckiest fool on earth."
 Ooh, ironic.
 Yeah.
 I want to know, the name of this book
 was octopus, something, and fox tossing.
 What's fox tossing?
 You have an arena, right?
 And you get men and women lined up opposite each other.
 And you're all holding long, long strips of cloth,
 loose and slack on the ground.
 You release a load of foxes into the arena.
 When they run over the bit that you're holding,
 you and your partner pull it taut,
 and the fox flies into the air.
 That was a genuine sport that the aristocracy played
 in the 17th century in Europe.
 And the fun was in seeing the foxes die.
 The fun was in seeing the foxes fly through the air.
 I think that's biostroporting.
 Well, we're not all as wholesome as you, Anna.
 I read an article about that, and the end of the article
 said it was not unknown for the terrified animals
 to turn on the tosses.
 [LAUGHTER]
 There was a spot in ancient Egypt called Fisherman's
 Jousting.
 It was really popular.
 And you would basically get people in boats,
 and they were joust against each other,
 trying to knock each other off the boat.
 And it took place on the Nile.
 But of course, the worst thing about the Nile
 is it's full of crocodiles.
 And because the crocodiles were sacred,
 it was illegal to fight back.
 [LAUGHTER]
 That'll get you anywhere.
 You'll be in big trouble, mister,
 if you fight back against the crocodile that's eating you.
 [LAUGHTER]
 What legal sanction exactly can we work?
 It's true.
 It's a very much a no-win situation, isn't it?
 [LAUGHTER]
 Do you know the national sport of Afghanistan?
 No.
 Is goat dragging?
 But Buzz Cashy, which is played in countries
 across Central Asia, but it's like Polo,
 but with instead of a ball, a headless goat.
 So the goat's been stied already, and you've removed the head.
 Yeah, it's been stied already once you've removed the head.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I know.
 I said that in the right order, I think.
 It died, then you removed the head.
 And then you have to drag it towards a goal,
 and then throw it through a goal.
 I don't know why you'd use a goat instead of a ball,
 maybe they're short and balls.
 But that's the national sport of Afghanistan.
 They love it.
 Well, we would have used a pig splatter for soccer,
 and black in the old days.
 Not an entire pig, though.
 No.
 It's much more unwieldy.
 And mill all, apparently, they do, though.
 I don't know if you know about that.
 Can I tell you a bit more about flag poles?
 Yeah.
 Just the flag-positing thing.
 So I think the all-time champion of flag-pole setting
 was a saint called Simion Stylites, who lived up a pole
 for 36 years.
 And he started with a flag-pole six feet off the ground.
 Oh, sorry, not a flag-pole, but just
 a little platform on a pole.
 And then he went to a higher one, until he eventually
 was 60 feet up in the air.
 Why aren't you just--
 He lived up there.
 And I read a book about early Christianity
 about this guy, and as it says, what was he doing?
 There are lots of theories as to why he did it.
 Either he found the crowds who approached him asking
 for wisdom and advice to exhausting.
 Or he-- I read one theory that he wanted to be physically
 closer to Christ, because Christ is in the sky.
 Or he wanted just a more Spartan existence
 than he could get in a monastery.
 And his Wikipedia page says, "It has been stated that,
 as he seemed to be unable to avoid escaping the world horizontally,
 he may have thought to attempt to try to escape it vertically."
 Nobody says what he did with his poo, though.
 Because he'd have to drop it off, wouldn't he?
 He just threw it, held it at those irritating people,
 constantly asking him for advice down at the bottom.
 Because he still has followers, doesn't he?
 I think his most well-known followers,
 guy called Maxime Cav Taradze, and he's a 59-year-old monk,
 and he's been living on a stone pillar in Georgia,
 and he comes down once a week.
 But he spends basically his entire life up on top of this pillar.
 He climbs his hundred and thirty-one foot ladder.
 He has to have staff who pull by a pulley system his food
 and supplies up to him.
 So these people need to be well-stuffed.
 And yeah, he dropped down twice a week to give some advice
 to his following message, and then he pops back up onto the pillar
 and hangs out there.
 What a good man.
 We're going to have to wrap up in a sec.
 So have we got anything thrown in before we go?
 The current setting up a poll competition record
 is held by a poll.
 That's all.
 [LAUGHTER]
 His name is Daniel Baraniuk, and he is from Poland.
 [LAUGHTER]
 196 days for fans who are in.
 OK, we are going to have to wrap up.
 That is it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things we've said over the course of this podcast,
 we can all be found on Twitter.
 I'm on @Sriberland.
 Andy, @AndrewHunterM.
 James, @X8, Chazinski.
 You can email podcast@QI.com.
 Yep, or you can go to nosuchthingasfish.com.
 That's where we have all of our previous episodes.
 You can go listen to them there.
 We're going to be back again next week.
 Thank you so much for being here, guys.
 Really appreciate it.
 Thanks for listening to our home.
 We'll see you again next week.
 Goodbye.
 [APPLAUSE]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC]
