 Hi everyone and welcome to this episode of Little Fish, the podcast from the make because
 of big noses thing as a fish where we draw away our facts and we look at the fantastic
 facts that you guys have been sending to podcast@QI.com and he has gone through the inbox
 and he's picked the very choices to plums and thrown them in our faces and we will now
 re-gurgitate them for you so was this horrible?
 That's the problem with starting a census where you don't know where it's going to go.
 I hear you.
 Who's going to chuck a plum my way?
 Can I form it up?
 A little something?
 Ah because it's related to actually last week's episode of Little Fish, it's about
 Shaggy.
 Oh I remember all that time ago we talked about the similarities between Shaggy and Poros.
 So much has happened in those seven days.
 I know it seems like a year ago.
 You're wearing the same clothes though.
 Yes, I've actually changed my baseball caps so the people looking at video will think it's
 a different day.
 Sorry and I've just exploded the fiction.
 Well, this is from Don Wilson and Don Wilson says last night was re-watching Scooby-Doo.
 Scooby-Doo on Zombie Island in fact and I was reminded of a strange coincidence.
 Shaggy from Scooby-Doo's real name is Norville, Norville's Shaggy Rogers.
 So Norville's the character's real name, Shaggy, the music artist, his real name is Orville.
 Is that right?
 Whoa.
 Norville and Norville.
 Norville and Norville.
 The only two Shaggies we know, Norville and Orville.
 That is amazing.
 I didn't know what Shaggy the artist's real name was.
 No.
 I actually didn't know either.
 But if we're not soon, it's very well versed in Norville being Scooby-Doo.
 They come up in quizzes all the time.
 Do they?
 They do.
 They were going Norville and Orville and what is Scooby-Doo but a crime-solving bunch of people
 as is Poro, who as previously discussed, is very similar to Shaggy in ways we mentioned
 last week.
 So...
 Where are you going with this?
 To a comfortable circle.
 Back where I started I suppose.
 Does anyone else in the north join this group, Torville, I suppose?
 Torville and Dean.
 Christopher Torville or Jane Torville?
 Jane Torville and Christopher Dean.
 Jane Torville, for the international listeners, you'll know who they are.
 Also, Orville, the duck from "I Wish I Could Fly" right up to the sky, but I can't.
 Yeah.
 Is that, are we saying the duck before Orville?
 Right.
 I think Orville, the duck, was named after Orville, right?
 Right.
 Okay.
 The duck is the first one now that comes to the people's heads.
 Certainly my heads.
 Sorry guys.
 Very good.
 Here's one.
 This is from Cameron Smith, who recently went to Train World Brussels, which looks stunning,
 by the way.
 I've looked it up, but there was an exhibit in Train World Brussels on Belgian inventors
 who contributed to the wildest team locomotives.
 And once such example of an invention was flame tubes and those are the ducks that guide
 the steam close to the fire, right, to super heat the steam inside an engine.
 You know, you need to heat it up and up, so you have a tube that goes near, a flame tube
 that goes near.
 And what are they called?
 Flame tubes.
 Oh, okay.
 Well, really they're more flame tubes because they are invented by an ancient echelonschompat
 of Teest Flam.
 Oh, God.
 Yeah, but they're not named after him.
 That's just a coincidence, right?
 Or are they?
 Cameron doesn't relate, but it's close enough, I thought that.
 Is it?
 Cameron, so it thinks so, and I'm back in Cameron.
 So Cameron thinks they're named after a flame, even though they're called flame?
 Yeah.
 Well, they might be flam tubes.
 The thing is, it's all translated, like there's very little information on these tubes
 in English, which is annoying.
 I see.
 But in Belgium, Cameron also, I believe, went to see a big hole in the ground, the "Hooge
 Crater", which is named after the nearby village of Hoge.
 It's that good.
 Cameron says this eponym isn't nearly as good as flam tubes, but if we're ever
 going to get enough for a book, some are going to be better than others.
 And I think these guys would disagree with you there, Cameron.
 I think...
 It's not hard to disagree, Cameron.
 That's why you're not up here without them afraid.
 The huge holes, you've got to leave with that.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Can I just ask Andy, these things, which are taking over our lives, can we just keep
 them in one box, like either little fish, or jewel, because at the moment they're in
 two-thirds of our outpork is largely these things.
 And I'm sure the only reason they haven't been in the big show is because you haven't thought
 of any.
 Do you know that's really fat?
 Which would you rather they were in, little fish or job as a loan?
 Which do I listen to least often?
 You know what?
 You should be like me and only listen to the rest as politics, because they never mention
 these.
 They've got no juice at all on this day.
 No, no, no.
 Okay, thank you, Cameron.
 I loved it.
 Here's a fact from Sarah Nordmark, and they say, I hope you haven't heard this one before.
 I have not heard this, Sarah or Sarah, actually, but it's S-A-R-A.
 The American mathematician, R-H-Bing, did not have actual names for his initials and was
 just called R-H.
 When Bing applied for a visa, he was told that initials would not be accepted.
 He explained that his name was R-Only, H-Only, Bing, and received a visa made out to
 H-Only, R-Only Bing.
 That's very good.
 How can he not have- did his parents name him R-H?
 They did.
 His father was called Rupert Henry Bing, so he's basically named after his father, it appears.
 Right.
 But they've not taken the actual names.
 That's really interesting.
 I've never heard that as a name custom before.
 That's cool.
 I was reading about Professor Bing, and one cool thing I read about him.
 He sounds like a bit of a fun character, and he was driving a car with a bunch of students
 in his car, and he was driving 200 miles away, so it's a long-old drive, but there was a load
 of teenagers in his car.
 The car gets really, really steamy, and all the windows start to steam, and while he's driving,
 he uses the windows and the steam to write out equations and does a lecture for the students
 in his car.
 What?
 While he's driving.
 While he's driving.
 That's got to be banned somewhere in the highway code, there's got to be a not-a-large
 version.
 It's not.
 And then they have a thought of everything.
 His last lecture.
 Yes.
 But maybe, I suppose, on these roads across bits of America, where they're very long and
 very straight, and you drive this way for 10 hours.
 Here's from Texas, so it is just straight, but it's everywhere, isn't it?
 Wow.
 That's very cool.
 Yeah.
 I wonder if he's right-handed, you be, because they have their wheel on the left, don't they?
 They do.
 Yeah.
 So he's doing it with his right hand, so that's better.
 Right.
 Yeah, maybe, yeah.
 That's why he said to the officer.
 Right-handed officer.
 Does it make any difference?
 So cool.
 Is that my turn?
 Yeah.
 That's my turn.
 This is from Stephen.
 Hi, everyone.
 Stephen here from Melbourne, Australia.
 We know where Melbourne is, Stephen.
 No, there is a Melbourne, just near London, actually, so.
 There's probably one in Canada, probably loads in America.
 Yeah.
 The first shots fired by the British Empire in World War I, where in the southern tip
 of Eastern Australia, I didn't know.
 I didn't know about this.
 As far away as you can get from Europe, he said.
 So it was a warning shot from, and he specifies the gun, a six-inch Mark VII gun at Fort
 Neppie in Victoria, and August 5th, 1914, and it was, because Britain had just declared
 war on Germany, and at the time, I think there was a ship, the SS, Falz, a steered German
 merchant steamer that was just hanging out nearby, and as soon as Britain declared
 war, they called the Australians, like, we've declared war, have you got any Germans
 nearby that you need to shoot out?
 They were like, "Yeah, there's this steamer here, should we shoot at him?"
 And they did.
 And he surrendered straight away.
 And there we go, Australia won.
 That was the end of the war.
 Yeah.
 But they could have called it, called an end to it there, couldn't they, just like, who calls
 an end to it, though?
 Yeah.
 That's the thing with wars.
 You can't just shoot one thing and go, "Okay, that's it, because the other guy is going
 to get under-feated at the end of the war."
 I got to fact, this is another military one.
 In fact, it's from Jason Speer Emilio, and it's that the USA didn't have an Air Force during
 the Second World War, which I find extremely funny as a fact.
 Sorry.
 The US Air Force was established in 1947.
 What planes were they using before that?
 It was a different name.
 Well, the Army had a great deal of planes, I will say that.
 That is interesting, though.
 It's the US Army Air Force is what it was.
 Okay.
 And basically, at the start of the First World War as well, the American military had
 eight planes.
 Yeah.
 I do know that.
 I love that.
 Basically, I think was it that France had almost all the planes in the world at the start
 of the war, and then by the end of the war, everyone else had taken over.
 That's true.
 France had something like 30 or 40 planes at the start of the war, and that was more than
 America, and Britain, and Germany, and loads of other countries combined.
 It was amazing.
 No, but in the Second World War, they did have 63,000 planes by the end of the war, but they
 were just the US Army Air Force, so it's a bit of a technicality, Jason.
 I loved it.
 Here's one speaking of World War II.
 The most flammable substance ever made is so evil, even the Nazis gave upon it.
 This was sent in by Bay, and basically it is a material called chlorine trifluoride, which
 is incredibly, incredibly flammable.
 In fact, if you just get water on it, it's just going to explode.
 And they tried to use it.
 He tried to use it as a flamethrower, but unfortunately, whoever was carrying it around
 would end up being set on fire as well.
 How was that, in fact, framed by the person that was too evil, even for the Nazis?
 So evil, even the Nazis gave upon it.
 Okay.
 It sounded like it was going to be, well, they weren't as bad as you think, but it was just
 that they kept blowing up the room.
 Oh, yeah.
 I don't think that's what we should take away from.
 No.
 I don't think that's what Bay was saying.
 No.
 This stuff is incredibly flammable.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And now they still don't use it in much things at all, even in industry or anything, but
 apparently it works well at clearing uranium residue off the walls of nuclear power plants.
 What a fun place to be when that's happening.
 Well, I may be in this old nuclear power plant, but at least I've got the most dangerous substance
 in the world on me.
 Okay.
 It is one from Masha Levine, who says, she does a book plug.
 She says, I've just read Zoe Schlange's incredible book The Light Eaters.
 And she recommends it so highly that I thought I'd share that.
 She said, I should have copied and pasted the whole thing because it's so full of amazing
 facts.
 And then she says, I'm going to give you two facts I loved, but there's only one here, which
 I imagine is a copy-paste error from Andy, rather than from Masha.
 Okay.
 Maybe I just thought there were reasons of time and space, and we can't get into all the
 facts.
 I'm sorry to both of you.
 Okay.
 You probably should have cut off that clause from the censors as well, then.
 No.
 I should have cut the whole email because I'm as troubled as got me into it without
 as like nations.
 But okay.
 She says, the Bokkila Tropholia Lata, which is a Chilean jungle vine, can alter the shape
 colour and size of its leaves to mimic nearby plants and a single plant can mimic nearby,
 like multiple nearby hosts.
 And it is incredible.
 So I've looked at pictures and it's kind of like someone in a bit of a shit disguise.
 As in, you'll see the leaf.
 As a human being, I think you see the leaf that's the real thing and then you see the
 mimic and it's trying to be like that.
 But even so, well done for trying, it's amazing.
 But does it?
 So it doesn't look that much like it.
 It does look enough.
 And it leaves all kind of like quite similar, don't they?
 Oh, James.
 Leaf community.
 If you're listening right in to contact your i.com.
 I'm writing James Persons.
 Please, I'm not sifting 353,000 angry emails from leaf people.
 No way.
 I think if I the leaves are very varied.
 Okay.
 Yes.
 Very agitated, you mean?
 Oh.
 So we don't know how they do it.
 But did you say different bits of the plant can look like different nearby other plants?
 Yes.
 How that is cool.
 Amazing.
 If I could disguise my left arm as an elephant's trunk and my right arm as the tiger's nose
 or whatever, you'd be an old place.
 But you'd be, you'd be, you'd be, you know, you'd be blending in with everything around
 you.
 Absolutely.
 Absolutely.
 I disagree.
 I think the tigers are going to say here's that weird guy with an elephant trunk and the
 elephants are going to say he's like weird guy with a tiger's nose.
 Yeah.
 You're right.
 I'm being eaten or trampled.
 He's right.
 Here's a fact about leaves, which I often think everyone's going to know it, but then you tell
 people and they don't really know it.
 You know, holly.
 So it's spiky.
 Right?
 If you go to the top of the holly plant, not spiky.
 Yeah.
 Yes.
 It's not spiky.
 It's amazing.
 Oh.
 They're only spiky at the bottom.
 Isn't that cool?
 Because that's what they need to defend themselves.
 Yeah.
 You're walking home if you see a holly plant and they are around.
 You'll see it spiky.
 Look up at the top.
 Not spiky.
 And if you want to avoid being jammed, just walk on stilts.
 Here's one from Lindsay Lee from Nashville.
 Pretty cool.
 Lindsay has written in about a paper that she's heard about, which is headlined The Cultural
 Social and ideological role of the hat in early modern England from the historical journal.
 And it's apparently a brilliant paper, a) because it's authored by someone called Berndard
 Cap.
 Very good.
 And a bit of non-determ.
 But secondly, because it just tells stories about the insanely important roles that hats
 used to play.
 So do you remember we talked about President Madison?
 Yeah.
 James Madison.
 Smallest president.
 And he couldn't leave the house for two days once because someone had taken his
 hat.
 Took his hat.
 So this is part of the paper is that appearing a hatless was just unbelievably sloverly.
 I just can't believe like we came here today and you two aren't wearing hats.
 And it was literally the first thing I thought of when we then Mike's came on today.
 I was like, those two, sloverly.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Slaffens.
 So there was a bloke called the Thomas L. Wood.
 It was a teenager in 1659 and like all rebellious teenagers he wanted to go and join the Quakers.
 But his father wanted to stop him, right?
 And couldn't think of any way to stop him kept trying, kept banning him, kept forbidding it.
 And eventually had a brainwave and thought, I'll just confiscate all of his hats.
 That's amazing.
 And Thomas L. Wood, the young man, wrote, he couldn't go out unless I would have run about
 the country bare headed like a mad man.
 And people would think you were seriously ill if you didn't have a hat on.
 It's like stealing someone's trousers.
 It pretty much is.
 It pretty much is.
 It pretty much is.
 Yeah.
 I have one more story because it's full of ribbled anecdotes about hats this paper.
 Ribbled ones.
 Yeah, ribbled.
 I'll say, well, judge for yourself.
 In 1747, a wheelchair man admitted snatching a rival's hat, pissing in it and clapping it
 back on the victim's head.
 That's good.
 That these days that guy would be a tick-tocker.
 He would just go around doing that to everyone and we'd have 10 billion followers.
 Yeah.
 He'd have done it once and he'd have got so many followers that he now has to rename
 himself the hat piss account and now his whole life is wrecked basically forever.
 He's made a lot of money but he's only missed a hat piss for that one.
 I can't believe he's the victim in this entirely fictional thing that we just come up with.
 It's all you think that the person who's pissing in hats and pulling out of people's
 head is the victim.
 I think he's the victim of the internet.
 I think he could have been so much more, right?
 He's got a thriving, you know, he wants to make like proper short films and stuff, I guess,
 but instead he's so pop, hat piss.
 I think he's a pervert.
 I think he likes pissing in hats and the fact that the internet's here is just a coincidence.
 I think the internet is enabling the worst elements of this young man.
 Yeah.
 It would have been a silly teenage prank he got a detention for it, you know.
 But instead he's now dealing with a huge Chinese brand to do merch, hat piss merch,
 which is going to sell out across the hat piss stadium tour, where he'll piss in all of
 your hats.
 You know.
 And then probably like a new fashion for hats look a bit like Siv's.
 Exactly.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, I think that is a bit of a monster.
 I know this guy doesn't exist, but I do think that's a tragedy.
 Yeah, well, we disagree, I'm sorry to say.
 I think I probably wouldn't have joined the historical British earthworm society where
 it not for this show, you know, all the wallpaper history society.
 I think that's a tragedy for you.
 Well, in a sense, I am Tony hat piss, you know what I mean?
 So disagree.
 If we didn't have this show, we wouldn't know that you'd join them.
 That's the only thing.
 That's a tragedy for us, actually.
 Honestly, if you went around pissing in people's hats rather than joining these stupid societies,
 I think that would be a better use of your time.
 Well, look out James, because there's only one hat in this room, and we've been recording
 for a while.
 Oh, dear, okay, I think we should move on to the second part of today's show.
 And that is where we bestowed custodian ship of some of our best facts to some of our
 best listeners.
 We like all of you.
 You're all great listeners, but some of them have managed to financially boost themselves
 towards the top of our ranking.
 Some of you are ponied up and we love all of you.
 Thank you, Eddie.
 I didn't know where that sentence was going either.
 So who has got a fact that we can give custodian ship off?
 Michelle handgraph has joined Clubfish at Friend of the Podcast, which I think is what
 you meant, James.
 Did I not say that?
 I think you may have done.
 Michelle handgraph, you are now the custodian of the fact that Al Qaeda's job application
 form, quite a spicy fact this one, includes a question asking who should be contacted in
 the event that the applicant becomes a martyr.
 Well, do you know what, I screen all of the headline facts to make sure, and some of them
 I've removed because they're a bit too strong or a bit inappropriate.
 I think that one was probably a borderline case for me.
 Yeah, it feels like it.
 This was the fact where we were all quite worried, I think, that our search histories would
 be problematic if the MI5 got our computers because we all had to search for Al Qaeda stuff.
 And I just remembered this is the one where I googled Apply to Joy and I says, so I was looking
 for the application form, but in the eyes of the law, that's the same thing.
 Well, I know, you can't say, Al Qaeda's guys, all I was doing was looking for the application
 form, I don't know, that's worse trouble.
 A terrorist has been found running around London, pissing in people's minds.
 Their budgets have been cut on the outsiders since the early 2000s.
 Here's one for you guys, Swalbrick.
 This is the fact that the single biggest expense in the computer game Lego Universe was
 hiring human moderators to make sure people weren't building Lego penises.
 Brilliant.
 How much a fact of it's time because I bet AI could do that now.
 No, that's going to be the last one to fall for AI.
 Look at the only thing humans are doing.
 It'll be the resistance against the machines.
 Suddenly, there'll just be little Lego penises popping up all over the country.
 Oh, that's a film.
 That's a film to be made.
 That's very fun.
 That's very funny.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Okay, here is a fact that is now under the custodian ship of Tom Adelo and Tom Yorff
 Act is that the man who inspired the main character in Jurassic Park is now building a chicken
 asaurus, surely not still.
 They are still working on all sorts of nonsense like that, aren't they?
 Like getting a woolly mammoth and getting a woolly rhino?
 Yeah.
 Very much from the back of my head, but I think like in the last two weeks, they've invented
 artificial eggs where they've managed to hatch chickens out of them.
 Yes.
 And they do think that this could be the first step to getting a dodo or whatever.
 Yes.
 A great orc.
 Great orc, yeah.
 Oh, which would you go for?
 I'd go for a great orc.
 Would you?
 Yeah.
 Because it's got great in it.
 It's just a cool bird.
 It's the first thing I ever researched when I got a job at QI.
 Is it?
 The thing about penguins?
 Like penguins?
 Doesn't a name mean great orc or something for quite a while?
 That's right.
 Yeah, yeah.
 All they were the original penguins.
 Yeah.
 But they're just a beautiful bird that went extinct in the 19th century.
 So you could get a pigeon egg go for.
 Nice.
 Yeah.
 So you could get easy transport from your house to here.
 Oh, no.
 They don't take people passengers to there.
 It's carrier pigeon, you think?
 Yeah.
 And you need a lot.
 Yes.
 Here's one that goes out to Katrina luri.
 And it's that in the 1840s, London buses had straps attached to the driver's arms that
 you would yank if you wanted to stop.
 Really good.
 Bring it back.
 Bring it back.
 That was the bell, I guess.
 You press the bell, except it just yanks.
 It feels dangerous, doesn't it?
 It feels like it would yank the driver's arms because presumably he's dealing with the horses.
 It does, but he's riding one handed, like any cool driver knows you should do.
 Okay.
 My turn.
 This is a fact for someone whose name is just killing time.
 Nice.
 Just killing time.
 Kill time with this, baby, in 2015 Margaret Atwood finished a novel which will not be published
 until the year 2114.
 Brilliant.
 Wow.
 And is this a few of them?
 They've written their future novels.
 There are a few famous authors who put it in the box.
 We imagine they're all crap.
 Did they not put them in a forest somewhere or something or something else?
 I think maybe the forest had been planted and it's going to the paper from that forest
 will be used to the books in 100 years.
 So it's a nice way of having a forest, again, I'm going off memory.
 2114 felt a long way away in 2015.
 Now I'm thinking, yeah, I'll get it.
 Well, it's only, it's 90 years, it's about 100 years, and you know, you have eight, ten years
 since then.
 Sorry, don't use the way.
 What am I now?
 38, yeah, I'll get it.
 Right, yeah.
 The Jean Colmont of the podcasting world.
 Okay.
 Here is a fact now under the custodial ship of Zan, Zan, your fact is that Japan is considering
 installing toilets in its lifts, long drop, what an unusual fact, because it's not the
 whole country.
 I think maybe they were having a problem with earthquakes hitting people getting stuck
 in a lift for a long time.
 And so it's better, it's obviously better if there's a low in the lift, it's best of
 all if you don't need to use it.
 You know, the best lift low is one you never have to use.
 That's true.
 I think you know when you're in the lift with a bunch of other people and someone farts and
 everyone's like who farted, like someone's having a shit, I think that's harder to hide.
 Where's it going?
 Does it go into a storage box?
 Do they have incredibly complicated plumbing, do we remember that sort of stretches and
 contrasts with the lifts?
 I think it must be, look, this is an emergency thing.
 This is not designed to be plumbed into the buildings thing, there'll be a small poo
 box.
 Had you just been to Japan when we did this fact, do you think?
 I think I must have been, yeah.
 I think you would use it because they'd be a novelty, that's the danger is that everyone
 you've got in a lift would immediately want to use the toilet.
 There's got to be a system where the toilet only pops out of the wall if the lift gets stuck.
 Yeah, a good point.
 Because then otherwise you're right, you're asking for trouble.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I don't think that, I don't know if they ever ended up doing this, considering it's
 very weaselwood, put into a headline fact, and I'm sorry about that.
 Yeah.
 I've completely blanked this out.
 You're doing this, yeah, yeah.
 I think I blanked it out because I have a phobia of lifts and the only thing that sounds
 worse than a stuck lift is a stuck lift where now people are just shooting in a box in the
 corner.
 I still put my when I'm going around with my, what is this going to be?
 This is not, there's no poo involved, but I always when I need to get a lift like a station
 sometimes I'll have a prams, I'll have a baby in it.
 And the baby needs to go in the prams, so I don't want to get them out.
 So I put the baby in the pram and I usually ask a nice looking person, I think I've said
 this for a nice looking person to go up in a lift with the baby and then I'll meet
 them at the top of the stairs, and I have to do it whenever I go get home because my station
 I need to get over to the other side.
 So can I just say, the thing you're worried about with the lift is that it might break down.
 But if it breaks down with your baby in it and you're on the outside, that's fine.
 No, it makes me sound like a selfish mother, but I think my argument would be that logically
 I know it won't break down.
 It's just a phobia and I don't have the phobia on behalf of my child.
 I think it's nice that you draw strangers so much.
 Exactly.
 Yeah, it's great.
 Because you're also scared of flying.
 Would you put your child on an aeroplane and then just maybe get a boat across the Atlantic?
 I get the ferry.
 I say, I'll be there in 52 weeks, because you look after the kid until then.
 The thing about this is they can't go anywhere except to the one place they're going unless someone
 presses another floor button.
 But you hope that won't happen.
 Do you occasionally look at the person who's in the lift with your baby and think, oh wait
 for the next one.
 I do, yeah, I usually make sure it's when they're in the car having a shit.
 This fact goes out to Keith Berry and it's that Spotify's random function is not random.
 I love this one.
 Yeah.
 Spotify had a thing where they would play random stuff, but it formed what people thought
 were patterns.
 It might play you because if it's a properly random system, it might play you three songs
 by the same singer in a row, and that makes people complain to Spotify saying, hey, I thought
 this was random.
 And what Spotify should have done is stuck to their guns and said, it is random.
 Sometimes randomness will throw up three songs by the same singer in a row.
 That's randomness.
 And instead, they caved and they made it so that it's structured, but it feels more random
 to us.
 I honestly, I think I'm on Spotify side.
 Are you?
 Okay.
 Because I think if you press random on a playlist, what you want is different things
 all the time.
 Yeah.
 Actually, I think they've done something good there, but maybe there should be two buttons,
 one, which is true random and one, which is fake random.
 Yeah, I think there should be mathematically random and I think there should be Spotify
 random.
 Yeah.
 And which do you think would get the most presses?
 I'll probably spotify random dweeb's who don't want to want true randomness.
 Do people, I can't remember the purpose of random anyway, why would you have a press
 random for something?
 Well, you have a big, long playlist and you don't want to get the same order all the
 time.
 All of the playlist is like six hours long and you don't want to just listen to the first
 10 songs together.
 Of course.
 That makes a lot of sense.
 I should start doing that, actually.
 I'm getting very able to build me up buttercup.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 Final one for the day.
 That's me.
 I'm the final one for the day and this is for Rachel Johnson.
 Rachel Johnson take very good care of this fact because it's that scientists have grown
 an ear using Van Gogh's DNA.
 Nice.
 Real slap in the face.
 I think that's Rachel Johnson, the sister of the former Prime Minister Boris Johnson.
 Who else would it be?
 Must be right.
 Yeah.
 It's been an unusual name.
 Very unusual.
 The pair of names.
 Interesting.
 Yeah.
 Very cool.
 Quite funny.
 But it won't be an actual working ear.
 Will it?
 It'll be one of those like the shape of an ear and skin, will it be?
 Yes.
 It's just the outside of the ear and I think they were growing it on some kind of tissue
 scaffold.
 I think it was one of those weird ears on a mouse.
 No.
 I think it's always a bit odd.
 I'm going to come out and say I think it's weird growing it on the back of a mouse.
 Oh, controversy.
 Van Gogh's DNA, but it's not really Van Gogh's ear.
 What are they doing here?
 What's the point?
 What are they doing here?
 I think there just is a little bit of a joke, isn't it, Van Gogh?
 It's like in your face, Van Gogh.
 You didn't have an ear in your life, but a hundred years later.
 I think basically you're starting up this new science where you can build ears on
 scaffolds and you want people to get a bit interested in it.
 So to do that, you think, who do I know who would have wanted an ear in history, Van Gogh?
 In fact, there aren't many other people who's spring to mind for me anyway.
 Who else has famous ears?
 Pritz Charles's or the Kittles King Charles's or some people call him now?
 None of these are missing ears we need.
 There was the War of Jenkins ear.
 Very racoon-like bit of English history.
 Yeah.
 I don't think it's going to bring in the punters in the same way.
 No.
 We've recreated Jenkins ear.
 Who?
 Yeah.
 There's a Voldemort, not Av ears.
 I think it doesn't have a nose.
 No, who's down my whisk and fuse, though.
 My Darkhall's got no nose.
 How does he smell?
 Terrible.
 Sometimes it's just nice to give you something to put silence at the chance.
 It's just you've already said that on this podcast and I can't remember who was the guest,
 but they did not go for it.
 I believe the phrase was, what the fuck was that?
 Oh, yeah.
 Can you remember who it was?
 Was it Amy?
 I can't remember who it was.
 No, Amy Gatill.
 I can't.
 She'd have loved that.
 Yeah, maybe in that age.
 Most of us.
 I don't know who it was.
 I don't know who it was.
 It was not right.
 It was Ray or Larry.
 It was.
 It was like, what was that?
 It's like a nice, polite man, but he had to know what had gone wrong there.
 Maybe he didn't get it.
 It's a very high-brow joke.
 You thought he didn't have ears.
 I think that does he have ears.
 I don't think he has ears.
 I'm picturing him now.
 I spin through some stuff, hasn't he?
 That character.
 Poor guy.
 Oh, he's the victim as well, is he, Andy?
 He's the victim before.
 That's not bad.
 He's a very happy person.
 Very happy person.
 Voldemort.
 Wow.
 I'm really signing with the baddies today.
 He's got ears.
 Voldemort's got ears.
 Just please don't write in.
 We've ascertained that Voldemort has ears.
 OK.
 On that note, of the facts that Voldemort has ears.
 Thank you so much to Rachel Keith, Zad, just killing time, Katrina, Tom, Guy and Michelle.
 Thank you so much for being custodians.
 No such thing as a fish and I really hope you enjoy your facts.
 If you would like to become a custodian of one of our facts, then go to patreon.com/clubfish
 and join at the highest tier or just go to patreon.com/clubfish and join at any tier or even
 the free tier if you want to learn more about no such thing as a fish.
 We will be back on Friday for a big fish.
 Thank you so much, Andrew Hunter Murray.
 Thank you, bye.
 Thank you, Anna Toshinsky.
 Thank you.
 And thank you.
 Thank you James.
 Bye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
