 Hi everyone, welcome to this week's episode of No Such Things A Fish, where I, James
 Harkin, was replaced by the wonderful Jamie Martin.
 That's right, James is away, but subbing in is Jamie, who you may know as one of the
 hosts of the brilliant My Dad Road to Porno podcast.
 It's so funny, it was an absolute globe straddleer, and it's still available to listen
 everywhere you get your podcast, so do give that a listen.
 Bigger news though, for us personally, because we are returning to the London Podcast
 Festival, we will be there on Saturday, the 12th of September at King's Place in North
 London, and Andy, it's not just going to be one show.
 It's going to be two, we're doing not only a live normal episode of Fish, which we're
 very excited about, but for the first time ever, we're going to be doing a live drop
 as a line.
 That is our audience feedback show, I present it, there are a lot of wacky format points,
 it's great fun, and we're going to be doing it live for the first time ever, it's going
 to be Mayhem.
 It's great fun for Andy, and probably the audience, not so much great fun for me, Dad
 and Anna.
 But anyway, if you could not be in London on that date, then do not worry, because both
 of these shows will be live streamed, and they will be available on catch up, but how do
 people get tickets, Andy?
 Well, tickets are going to be on sale from the 7th of July, Tuesday, the 7th of July, you
 can get tickets at no such thing as a fish.com/live.
 But Andy, the people listening to this are members of Club Fish, surely they get some
 kind of advantage for these tickets.
 You do, of course you do, we love you more.
 You get an exclusive 24 hour pre-sale.
 So that's starting on the Monday, the 6th of July, you just need to go to no such thing
 as a fish.com/live.
 Your pre-sale access code is nstaf, with caps lock on, nstaf, what's a good nomonic for
 that?
 Basically, we put in a random set of letters that no one will ever be able to guess.
 So go there if you want your tickets, but if not, don't worry, just sit here and listen
 to this week's episode with the incredible Jamie Martin from my dad wrote a pono.
 OK, I'm with the podcast.
 I'm with the show.
 Hello, and welcome to another episode of no such thing as a fish, a weekly
 podcast coming to you from the QI offices in Hobern.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I am sitting here with Andrew Hunter Murray, Anna Toshinsky, and Jamie Morton.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts
 from the last seven days.
 And in a particular order, here we go, starting with fact number one, that is Jamie.
 My fact this week, guys, is a Titanic passenger credited swimming in the saltwater pool the
 morning of the sinking with helping him survive.
 And he'd already he was used to it.
 Well, he thought, you know, I've already done this saltwater thing, I buy swimming pools.
 I didn't realise there was a swimming pool on the Titanic.
 I should have guessed there would be because obviously it was so luxurious, but very luxurious.
 One of the first ever swimming pools to be on any kind of luxury liner, um, saltwater
 as well.
 So you really did acclimatise to the sinking.
 Does that help?
 It doesn't matter if you've trained in a chlorinated pool and then you end up in the
 sea and you're like, well, I don't know how to swim in this one.
 But we'll never know.
 There's something quite nice about it, because we know that the band kept playing for
 a long time.
 That's where maybe the lifeguard at the pool kept the pool safe right to the end, you
 know, until the pool just got bigger and bigger and bigger.
 Yes.
 Actually, because it was a heated pool as well.
 So actually, if you were in the pool as it sank, you probably had a better chance of surviving
 the initial swim, because you were still in heated water, as long as you travelled with
 that batch of heated water.
 Yeah.
 If you're swimming in the swimming pool, are you technically sinking, though, because you're
 just really just still swimming.
 You can just pretend that I'm just swimming in the swimming pool, even though swimming pool
 is like, you know, the Atlantic.
 Right.
 Well, this guy, so his name was Archibald Gracie IV, and he came from quite a prominent family.
 His ancestors had built what is now the mayor's house in New York.
 So, Mandami lives in...
 Oh, Gracie Manation.
 Yes.
 Yeah, yeah, Gracie Manation.
 Yes.
 So, he came from good stock.
 He was the first class passenger and said a few things about why he survived it, but he
 said his swim made him really hungry, so he had a really hearty breakfast, so that might
 have helped him as well in the survival process later on that evening, when he was in the
 water itself.
 In his energy.
 Yeah, and he'd write a book recently as well about something to do with Rex in extreme
 survival, so he felt like, "Oh, that's in my head as well."
 We've all had that.
 You come out of the cinema having watched an action film, you think your James Bond for
 about 20 minutes?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 You know, it really helps.
 Yeah.
 Archibald Gracie IV, by the way.
 He's at his dates, 1858 to 1912, died the same year, the Titanic sack.
 He was the first person to die.
 He was the first adult.
 Yeah, adult survivor to die.
 He was he.
 Yeah.
 Was it swimming related again?
 Or was it?
 Did he jump into an empty swimming pool on land, and that was the tragic.
 It's really, yeah.
 Very tragic.
 Yeah.
 Diabetes.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 Sorry.
 In fact, about this, swimming pools are getting colder in the UK.
 Okay.
 Why?
 Why?
 Why?
 Why do my Twilight Zone scripts keep getting rejected?
 Is it a mystery?
 Riddle me this.
 Right, okay.
 It's got a mystery.
 Is it environmental reasons?
 Very close.
 Is it because we think they're young need to toughen up?
 No.
 Jen said, get them used to a bit of ice cold water, no?
 Yes, I did.
 Is it because it's more ocean-based pools?
 It's now tidal pools and so on.
 Oh.
 It's very good.
 No.
 It's because it's very expensive to heat up a swimming pool.
 A huge volume of water to 30 degrees, and all councils are broke and councils run most
 of the pools.
 Oh.
 Yeah.
 But there is one place in Devon, Exmouth Ledger Centre, which for three years has had the
 answer.
 What is it?
 What is it?
 What is it?
 Oh, you've just kept putting the kettle on and running out and it's popping it up.
 Well, yeah.
 Didn't we do a fact about one, you start building them next to morgues in the cremation
 and the crematory?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 There is one.
 It's either reddit or reddit, which is using a...no, this one is using the most modern of all
 things.
 A data centre.
 Oh, very good.
 It's a tiny data centre.
 Apparently it's only the size of a washing machine, so I don't know how much data is pumping
 out.
 So AI is heating our pools as well as...
 Basically, yeah.
 It looks a bit more concentrated in the data centre, it's surrounded by oil.
 And that just goes through a heat exchanger.
 It's out of the water.
 Lovely.
 Brilliant idea.
 Lovely.
 Maybe they're not so bad after all these data centres.
 Maybe not.
 In the White House.
 There was a swimming pool in the White House.
 The press briefing room is now above it, and it's just an empty swimming pool and it's
 full of data servers.
 Oh, cool.
 So they keep all of their old computers in the pool.
 But the pool's empty.
 The pool's empty.
 They should fill it up.
 Well, I know.
 Right?
 But no, FDR got this pool built in the White House because he had health issues, right?
 Paleo?
 Yeah.
 I don't think it helped with Ibs, you know, whatever.
 But then Nixon wanted to get rid of it, but he was too afraid of the potential political
 backlash of demolishing FDR's pool, but he just built on top of it.
 So the pool's actually still under there, and it seems to keep us like wires and computers
 in there.
 Yeah, I know.
 Has anyone been to the Sky Pool near Battersea Power Station?
 Oh, no.
 I didn't think we were allowed.
 No, you can't.
 If you befriend a resident, have you been there?
 I was like, no, I really want to.
 So if anyone's listening and wants to have me as a plus one, I'd love to go in some
 minute.
 Right.
 That's not how you befriend people, Jamie.
 Is that you don't announce on concast that you want to use people for their facilities?
 And I'm lonely.
 Okay.
 That's another one.
 That's one little pal.
 It's really cool if you see it.
 It's all glass.
 Actually, it isn't glass.
 It's made of acrylic.
 Oh, okay.
 Oh.
 Oh.
 Oh, yeah.
 Very good.
 And it's so cool.
 It's like you're swimming in the sky.
 It's completely see-through.
 Yeah.
 And it's between two buildings, right?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 But it's bad because there's some social housing in that building, and they aren't
 allowed to use it.
 Yeah.
 Just be careful.
 Here you go.
 What is not allowed in French pools?
 Swimming pools.
 I know the answer.
 Like swimming shorts.
 Yes.
 Oh.
 Yes.
 Because I need to have rules for, you know, various kind of restrictions on clothes like,
 sort of, they have lots of laws about burgers and things like that, and they're a Burkini's
 and there's all sorts of stuff.
 But for men, just swimming shorts are completely verboten.
 It may need to go to my friends.
 You need to wear unsleeped bed, which is the extremely small bedo stuff.
 G-string.
 It's not.
 Up the arm.
 It's a G-string.
 Yeah.
 But they're very, very short.
 You can wear unboxer, but those are also extremely form hugging.
 And this dates back to 1903.
 And there are a few, just to force all any emails.
 There are a few sort of perverted holiday centres which do allow shorts, but they're extremely
 unfrench.
 And most public swimming pools in France, if you go along and try and get in there in swimming
 shorts, you'll have to take something from the lost property box.
 You're talking to someone who's done it.
 Get out.
 No.
 Yeah, as a small boy.
 He's a child.
 Really?
 We won a holiday and yeah, we didn't have speedos.
 And so, I...
 My parents didn't say, "Oh, that's all right.
 We'll go and buy some and, you know, come back tomorrow."
 They said, "There's a lost property bin and fish something out."
 Yeah.
 And so I did.
 So I was wearing some French persons.
 Wow.
 Very slender, yeah, piece of fabric.
 But it's because...
 What's the thinking behind it?
 Yeah.
 Because they think that the shorts are kind of unhygienic because people tend to wear them
 in there every day.
 Yeah.
 So it's covered in dust.
 I mean, it is logical.
 That does make sense.
 And it also takes...
 I've literally...
 You guys have never turned up to the podcast wearing swimming trunks ever.
 On holiday though, you would.
 You'd like maybe go for dinner with them or...
 Right.
 Yeah.
 Roll around and mud and then...
 Yeah, you guys all the day with...
 Everyone's wearing a tub.
 Oh my god.
 I once got in trouble in a swimming pool in...
 I want to say Romania.
 I was in the pool with my uncle and my nephew.
 My nephew really young at the time, so we were in the kids' pool.
 And they got out of the pool.
 And suddenly, all the children started leaving the pool and all the parents and a man started
 yelling at me.
 Couldn't understand what he was yelling.
 No.
 So I was just alone in the kids' pool and you were a kid as well.
 No, no.
 I'm like in my late 20s.
 Okay.
 What it was was, it's boiling hot, it was an outside pool and I had my rashy as you were
 into the surf in Australia, rash vest.
 The guy thought I was a homeless man who had got into the pool and was washing myself.
 And so he was yelling out to you homeless man.
 And that's what got translated to me by one of the locals is that they think you don't
 have a home.
 What's a rashy?
 Oh, it's like, you know, I'm bothering a surface wearer.
 No, no.
 I'm sorry.
 I'm just not afraid.
 It looks like a wetsuit, but a t-shirt.
 But it's, yeah.
 Oh, okay.
 Oh, okay.
 Okay.
 To protect from the sun's rays.
 Yes.
 Exactly.
 Yeah.
 What was your vibe generally back then?
 Was the beard a bit less?
 Long hair, quite beard.
 To be fair, I was like, I totally get where you're coming from.
 Yeah.
 And you had all your plastic bags with it as well.
 Yeah.
 Hey, listen, another thing you're not allowed to do in pools is f*cking.
 F*cking.
 Sorry.
 Happy petting.
 Yeah.
 Have a wee wee.
 Oh, that's really frowned upon.
 I don't know if there's official rules that don't allow it, but it feels like a
 huge oversight because physiologically, we're built to pee in pools.
 Sorry.
 Our body.
 You really are the homeless man, actually.
 We take it back.
 As I said to the lifeguard, I am built to pee in here.
 Why do you have an uncontrollable urge to urinate when you're in a pool?
 It's your body reacting to your surroundings, right?
 One of the responses is that they let more water out of the bloodstream into our kidneys
 and that's converted into urine to get out of there so that we regulate ourselves.
 That's so interesting.
 I can't even remember I'd never wondered why you always need to pee in water.
 This is a big problem, obviously, for Olympians who have to get into their swimsuits 20 minutes
 beforehand.
 They're locked in.
 They go in the water.
 So, in most interviews, if they're asked, do you pee in the pool?
 They all say, "Yeah, of course.
 We all pee in the pool."
 And also, it can propel you forwards if it's got us strong enough.
 If you've got a good stream, yeah.
 Do you know what happens if you've got a swimming pool and you empty it?
 Let's say it's winter.
 I don't need to use this anymore.
 I could use it for a lighter.
 It's pouring all of your hard drives.
 Exactly.
 Yeah.
 I'm making it easier for the police to just pass them all up when they mop over.
 Yeah.
 So, as we're starting, there's no good reason, I guess, to enter your pool in the winter,
 but you might want to.
 But, it pops out of the ground.
 Don't do it.
 Huh?
 Swimming pools, if you empty the water, it's actually what's keeping them in the ground.
 It's weighing them down.
 So, it's balancing out the ground.
 And the swimming pools, it's called pop-up syndrome in the swimming pool engineer world.
 Wow.
 And the people empty their pools out and not properly, then, yeah, all the walls cave in.
 And they just jump up.
 They just sound like a complete faff.
 Too much faff.
 Too much faff.
 Yeah.
 And elitist.
 And elitist.
 But if anyone does have access to that pool in London, I do really go.
 Swimming pools lost one of its great champions the other day.
 Oh, no.
 David Hockney.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah. David Hockney, the artist, famous artist who loved painting swimming pools.
 In fact, he had a painting which went for 90 million, which was to someone swimming, someone
 standing over it.
 In all the obituary, you might have seen that exact painting.
 It's quite famously associated with him.
 But I found out that not only did he love painting pools, but he loved painting pools.
 David Hockney literally painted the inside of pools as well.
 What?
 Was that just a misunderstanding where someone hired him to do that one?
 He's not realising it.
 I repaint my pool.
 Yeah.
 90 million.
 Guess that.
 Yeah.
 That was a hobby of his.
 When he moved to his new house at one point, it had a pool, and it was empty, and he painted
 these waves underneath.
 And he used to repaint it all the time.
 Really?
 On his 80th birthday, in fact, he spent the day repainting.
 Oh, so he painted designs on it?
 Yeah, exactly.
 You just went like painting a uniform colour, like matte all over the internet.
 No, exactly.
 It's like little wave.
 The pool in America called the Tropicana Pool, it's at the Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel, and
 that still has the Hockney painting underneath of all these lines of blue.
 It looks really cool.
 It looks amazing.
 I tried painting underwater, I haven't, but I imagine it wouldn't work.
 You take the water out first.
 So he does empty the pool.
 Yeah.
 How's he doing it?
 That man is a magician in so many ways.
 I have one last thing.
 One of the great moments in recent swimming popularity is Vim Hof.
 Oh, yeah.
 I'm saying iceman, he likes to swim in fountains, and so I just want to give you a little warning
 about swimming in fountains, because quite a few years ago, he was swimming in a fountain
 in Amsterdam, and he decided to give himself an enema on the nozzle of the jet in the fountain.
 Now, he's done it before, and he was meeting his son in that park.
 Why did he need it?
 He decided to give himself another enema.
 What he didn't know is that a few weeks earlier, the city had altered the jet to be more powerful
 than it was.
 Yes.
 And so when he placed his anus over the jet, according to the report, the water cut through
 his colon and in test time, I'd say, oh my god.
 And he had to be rushed to hospital by his son.
 Now, because he's such a hard man, when he got to hospital, they thought he was fine.
 He was probably dying in that moment, but they were like, oh, he's totally fine.
 And so he just lay there for ages, and they need to do any proper surgery on him.
 Yeah, they didn't realize to what the extent of the damage was.
 So after a few hours, he fainted, and they suddenly realized how bad it was, and they stitched
 him up.
 And it took a long time for him to recover.
 So do not give yourself enemas.
 Never ask for praise.
 I have no sympathy for that.
 I felt more aposite.
 Jesus Christ.
 Because it sounds like it's going to be a funny thing, like he just goes flying into the air.
 But it's a very serious medical thing he was.
 You can.
 That's why if you're not a cartoon character, a lot of things are more dangerous.
 But why to me his son?
 That's what I'm really.
 If you've got time to kill before an appointment, and you think I'll just give myself a quick
 animal, you know, look, I sympathise.
 I did it on a win.
 Really good.
 Really good.
 Really good.
 Let's end on that.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two, and that is Andy.
 My fact is, in 19th century Egypt, one of the sexiest dances imaginable involved pretending
 you had a bee inside your clothes.
 Go on, let's see.
 Well.
 I was reading a book about clear batteries needles, and how they came to be, there are a few
 of them, and two of them are in London and New York, respectively.
 And it's not as bad a story as you might think from the century they came over in, anyway.
 It just contained this side detail, this book, all about the dancers of Egypt.
 And this dance, the dance of the bee, sometimes dance of the wasp, is basically this was
 catnip to kind of white middle aged bloke from Europe who were enticed to the Egypt by
 the sound of this unbelievably alluring dance.
 The Bangkok of its time.
 It was the Bangkok of its time.
 It basically was.
 And the dancer will pretend there's a bee in her clothes and takes them off one by one.
 And you can see where that goes.
 Oh.
 But do she take them off at a frantic mad speed because that's what you would do, isn't it?
 I imagine she's doing this sort of seductively.
 Don't be sexiest, yeah.
 I think she probably finds a way of spinning it out and making it a bit more fun than
 you.
 Everyone has a friend who doesn't like bees at all and we'll go a bit tonto when there's
 a bee anywhere near them.
 I think she doesn't do that.
 Are there connoisseurs that can tell the difference between dance of the bee and dance
 of the wasp?
 I'm sure there are.
 I'm sure there are.
 I'm sure there's led to a lot of connoisseurs making the journey down to Cairo or whatever.
 But there was this whole group of women called the Gawazee who lived apart, spoke a different
 language.
 They were street performers and they were quite controversial in Egypt.
 They were seen as immodest, they were seen, they were described by one writer Edward
 Lane as the most abandoned quarter zans of Egypt and they were in fact they were so attractive
 they were expelled from Cairo on mass as a social grouping and they were exiled to upper
 Egypt which on the map is just below North of Egypt, it's below Lower Egypt because that's
 where the Nile flows.
 That's where the Nile flows.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 So yeah, the Gawazee and they had this dance of the bee.
 And was there any sort of a pun?
 Was there the queen bee of the dancers that were sort of leading the rage?
 No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, I just really enjoyed
 being pre-warned about the pun.
 Yeah, together, yeah, yeah, I was James would do that, then we can all steal ourselves.
 Sorry, go on.
 I don't think there was.
 I don't think there was a queen bee.
 Well, you may have found differently though.
 No, no, I mean, there were a few people but it was, you know, this is what has been bracketed
 as well as belly dancing and that used to be a scene as vulgar.
 You wouldn't think that now, but you would say son of a belly dancer if you were insulting
 someone.
 Yeah, that's a huge insult.
 Yeah, I think maybe still to this day in North America, yeah, very, very controversial
 belly dancing.
 It seems to hold this incredibly odd position in Egypt where it is the quintessential Egyptian
 dance and it's huge in Egypt and makes lots of money, but Egyptian women basically kind
 of don't do it now.
 I think Egypt has got increasingly conservative, obviously, it goes in waves.
 And now, if you're an Egyptian woman, you are really called all manner of things if you
 belly dance.
 So all the belly dances in Egypt come from mostly Eastern Europe, I think, and Russia, Ukraine,
 America, Britain, almost all of them.
 It's like if Morris dancing was unbelievably sexy.
 Do you not mind it?
 Sorry, and obviously I do find that unbelievably sexy.
 There is one belly dancer in Egypt called Johara who's one of the queens of belly dancing,
 apparently, and she was descended on her nightclub as descended on her 2018 by police to check
 that she was wearing the appropriate shorts, so I think you have to wear shorts underneath
 your belly dancing gear and there was a rumor that she was wearing nothing.
 And she insists that she was, and the police said she wasn't, it does feel like it's not
 hard to check, but I'm not, it doesn't matter, it doesn't matter, guys, but she was delighted
 that she was arrested and put in jail because...
 publicity.
 First such good publicity, yeah, she was invited by the policeman who arrested her and put
 her in jail.
 And now don't belly dancing at loads of his weddings.
 Loads of his weddings?
 Sorry.
 Wow.
 He's a Lothar, yes.
 Weddings of his friends and family.
 Yeah, right.
 Wow.
 Andy, when you were talking about them being kicked out, that was in 1834, but more recently
 in the 1960s, the government put an actual clause into their rules.
 Oriental dance is not permitted to show the following, lying on the back, lying on the ground
 in a vulgar fashion or making rapid movements in such a way as to cause excitement.
 The thighs are not to be fully open while on the ground.
 There are to be no wobbling up and down movements.
 And it goes on.
 I don't always have control over whether they're wobbling up and down movements.
 I find.
 Increasingly.
 Sumo wrestlers were also banned under these rules.
 Wow.
 Yeah, the rule of who banned them in 1834 was Muhammad Ali.
 What?
 He was just called Muhammad Ali.
 Like a beast, things like a beast.
 Sexy dancing, pole dancing.
 I don't know if any of you are.
 I'm grade you three.
 I've got my blue right here.
 Well, you know what, keep practicing, because people are now lobbying for it to become an
 Olympic sport, because it's just a bit like the parallel bars, just like a pole.
 They've got the poles left over from the pole vaults, they're not being used in 98% of
 the time.
 Yeah, just use them.
 Yeah.
 Because it is very technical.
 I mean, it's sexy, obviously, you know.
 But it's just very technical, isn't it?
 You know, strength.
 It's a sport.
 Yes.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 But if you say to a lot of people, John, I come for a night, seeing the parallel bars with me,
 then you don't get as much interest in my experience.
 And it's very, very hard stuffing a tenet into a pole vaults as Jock's fat right from the
 top of them.
 You mock, guys, but when it is an Olympic sport, you're all going to go, do you think it will
 be?
 I think it will.
 Like a lot of people now do it just as a recreational sport.
 Yeah.
 Men, women, it's not just a woman thing.
 It's, you know, fun music.
 It's very good for you.
 Kundalini.
 Wait, what's your crotch now?
 Is it good for you?
 I thought it was Kundalini.
 It's good for you.
 It's good for your crotch.
 Oh, sorry.
 It just is.
 This is a thing about belly dance in particular, which is that it's so different back to
 that.
 Back to that.
 So sorry.
 That is good at preventing urinary incontinence in the cohorts of dancers who tried it.
 But not throwing a swimming pool.
 I don't think if you're in a swimming pool.
 Then you are just putting yourself in a swimming pool.
 Yeah, it improves your pelvic strength a lot, basically.
 That makes a huge amount of sense.
 If you do the belly dancing motion, which I'm trying to on my seat now, it does feel like
 you're doing a pelvic floor exercise next.
 Oh, yeah.
 Oh, yeah, so it does.
 Mm.
 There you go.
 There was a rumour that's repeated to this day almost everywhere that it was also used in
 North Africa in the 19th century and 20th century to help women in labour.
 And everyone repeats this thing where its origin was sort of women would flood to the
 woman who was giving birth and belly dance around turn as a way of saying, you know, do these
 motions to ease labour, which having, I think the only person who's been through labour
 around this table, I don't imagine that doing a belly dance would have made it that much
 easier.
 And I don't think there's that much evidence for it.
 There's a couple of mid 20th century accounts, but I do like academics who really dig
 into this.
 So there's an academic who wrote a whole massive thesis on is belly dance, a birth dance sort
 of debunking it and saying this wouldn't, wouldn't help.
 No.
 Just say no.
 But she did describe something and she was like, it's possible that, you know, this one
 account we have in the 20th century was left over of something that was really common in
 the 19th century, much like other dances that seemed to have disappeared.
 And then she described another example of this, and I just love this.
 She said Arabic scholar John Lewis Birkhar described a marriage custom in which a man
 wrapped head to toe and white wearing a massive male organ made out of cotton, cavorted in the
 wedding possession of a bride.
 And this interesting custom seemed to have faded out as well.
 That's a shame.
 It is a shame, isn't it?
 And she didn't say where he's wearing the organ and bizarrely, I imagined on his head, but
 having read that out again, he's just wearing it on his crotch.
 I don't think it's clear.
 I think it's definitive.
 Not clear.
 There is a thing which persists, I think even to this day, where the Gawazee women were
 seen as immodest and they were taboo and they were bandal sorts.
 There were kawals who were men who did the women's dance.
 They dressed as women, they, I think, acted and walked and spoke as women.
 And I think even today, Morocco has a few kawals.
 I suppose it's sort of analogous to drag in a way, but it's centuries old, it's tolerated,
 and it was a way of, I think, maybe getting around the exclusion of gay men and allowing
 self-expression in that sense, because belly dancing and singing in public were both seen
 as so immodest.
 And so almost akin to prostitution, that actually we should just let the fellas get on with
 this.
 And that's, no.
 They're trusted to do it in a non-totally immodest way.
 That's fascinating, I think.
 That is.
 You know, when we started our podcast in 2014, it was still the case that you would need
 a permit if you wanted to do any of this kind of dancing out on the streets of Egypt.
 And they have a sort of morality police that goes around, and so show me your papers,
 you know, if you're doing it out on the street.
 And my papers are just in here.
 Oh no!
 Oh no!
 We should say that belly dancing is completely Western phrase.
 It's a translation of the French, dance, du ventre dancing of the stomach.
 So it's not an Egyptian phrase at all, and I think people get quite annoyed with it being
 called belly dance, basically.
 I was looking into other dances that had a sort of animal element to it.
 Oh, crumbs?
 You had a bee that was running around in there that you need to take a close off.
 I found the tarantella, my pronunciation.
 This was a dance. It's a folk dance that became so popular that classical musicians like Chopin
 and List wrote songs for it for tarantella dances.
 And its origins go back to the 15th and 17th century, and it's connected to a thing called
 tarantism.
 And people thought, if you were bitten by a venomous tarantula that you could frenzy the dance
 and get it off.
 And it's from tarantula, in Italy, which is also where the tarantula got its name as well.
 It's sort of...
 It's from there.
 Oh, I thought it was South America, the things.
 Well, it's really interesting because it's a wolf spider, which is often called a tarantula.
 So it's not in your head a classic tarantula, it's more a wolf spider, interesting.
 Yeah, cool.
 There's also, it came across another animal-related dance, which I don't know if it was real, but
 it was claimed to be real by a late 19th century anthropologist from the West who were always
 reliable.
 And he was in Senegal, and he said there is a dance called the Bamboola, which is a dance
 of the Wall of People, and he said that it imitated the mating of ducks, but what I was impressed
 by in what is otherwise quite an objectionable text is that he did specify that the Drake
 has a member of a corkscrew shape, which is absolutely correct, just do have their corkscrew
 willies, and good on this old bloke for knowing that.
 And he said, a peculiar movement is required to introduce it into the whole of the duck.
 And so that is the movement.
 It's a whole duck or the whole of the duck.
 Because there are about 45 centimeters long, it does go into the whole of the duck, a whole
 of the duck.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Another dance that's quite sexy is your classic Irish dancing, River Dance style.
 In which I am trained.
 Of course you are.
 Yeah, no, you're not.
 I am.
 Why are you trained in River Dance?
 I just did it for a while when I was younger.
 What did you just do it for a while?
 That isn't a thing.
 It's also some River Dance style.
 Why are you so cool?
 You mentioned it.
 I think I should have mentioned that.
 Did you perform on stage?
 Of course.
 Have you met the flat across Europe?
 I taught flatly everything he knows.
 No, I did do a bit of it.
 How old?
 What age?
 I'm not telling you that.
 Okay, let's just say I had to stop to do my degree.
 Yeah.
 And you hold your hands by your sides in Irish dancing, right?
 Did you do the classic Michael Flatley?
 Hands by your sides legs flailing out everywhere.
 That's right.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Well, nobody knows why that is how you do Irish dancing.
 So there are just lots of theories that are claimed confidently by various Irish dancing
 societies.
 And I just like one of the theories, which is that it is so that you can not touch members
 of the opposite sex.
 So it's because it's too sexy a dance and you're going to keep your hands by your side.
 Otherwise, you'll end up groping your partner in the Irish dance.
 But I also just really like this theory, which is another potential reason why it's that
 when the British were trying to dominate Irish culture, basically, kind of like flattened
 out in the 19th century, then they wanted to get rid of all aspects of Irish identity,
 including their dancing, but the Irish wanted to keep their songs and dances.
 So, to compromise halfway up and down the body, is that what we're saying?
 Is it like Ireland?
 It's Northern Ireland.
 If this is what I think you're going to say, this is the most exciting thing.
 Well, it's that the British would be patrolling outside pubs at night.
 And so they would look through the windows and everyone would be standing still, just holding
 a pint of Guinness in their hands, you know.
 But underneath that window, the legs were rot, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't,
 they were going for it.
 Oh my god.
 This is like crazy.
 They could do it behind hedges, behind bars, where have you like?
 This is weirdly more offensive than everything I imagined you would say.
 It's clever.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three, and that is Anna.
 My fact this week is that according to ancient Hindu astrology, if you have matching testicles,
 you will be a king.
 Yes, this is, this is in one of the many hundreds, thousands of Hindu texts there are.
 It's such a fun religion, because there are so many fun texts you can draw on.
 And this is in one called the 'Perhaps Samhita', which is a six-century Sanskrit text, and
 there's a chapter called 'On the Features of Men', and it's sort of like, um, like palm reading
 or something, you know, predicting your outcomes depending on your body qualities.
 And one of the bit says, if both amans testicles be a like, he will be king.
 If the testicles be not a like, he will be fond of sexual intercourse.
 A person with a single testicle will suffer death by drowning.
 Is that because of a lack of buoyancy aids?
 Yeah, he's just always tipping onto your sides.
 I think we can assume Archibald grace the four.
 It was a double-balled man.
 If they be raised up, a person will not live long.
 And if they hang down, he will live to the age of a hundred.
 So where do you guys fall, as it were?
 What's confusing is you've read out some there, and it sounds like that's a lot.
 There is so much more to do with the penis.
 That means I don't even know where you would begin.
 It starts contradicting itself.
 So much.
 Here's another set of ways you can tell if you'll be rich or poor.
 If the penis be small, the person will be rich.
 Oh, congratulations, Dan.
 This is a 1980's.
 That's great.
 If large, he will have no sons.
 Oh.
 So that's okay.
 So now we've gone size.
 Okay.
 You've got two sons.
 Cool.
 If it being...
 But he is poor.
 It's so confusing.
 If it be inclined on the left side, he will be poor.
 Oh, there we go.
 If not straight, he will be without sons and without money.
 Check this one out.
 If covered with muscles, he will have very few sons.
 And I now have, on my Google search, can you have a muscle penis?
 And no, you can't.
 It's a muscle-free zone.
 So what's going on here?
 That muscle penis is existed back in the day.
 Wow.
 Did evolution get rid of it?
 Yes, that's what happened.
 In the past thousand years, evolution has just a very speedy evolution.
 Well, I guess if covered with muscles, you'll have very few sons.
 They've died out.
 Break out.
 Right.
 The muscle-penest humans are gone.
 Right.
 Look at this one.
 Because this one is also an answerable one.
 If the urine fall in a line and twisted, the person will get very beautiful sons.
 If the urine fall in two, three or four lines and twisting from left to right, the person
 will be a king.
 It's that interesting.
 Oh.
 It's ridiculous.
 Yeah.
 Two, three or four lines does imply that you've got...
 Some sort of hole punch.
 Yeah.
 There's some sort of problem there.
 Yeah.
 I'd say get it checked out.
 It's interesting how many things are predictors of being a king.
 There can't have been that many kings to go around.
 Yeah.
 So is it all of these things are quite rare, because the testicles symmetrical, also if
 you're feet are dry, you'll be a king.
 But you have to have soft souls, closed toes, beautiful red nails and invisible ankle
 raised like a turtle.
 So actually that's very specific and that presumably narrows down the number of people
 who are claiming kingship.
 Because I don't know what you can do.
 Who do you report to?
 Excuse me, I'm a king.
 But maybe it's like colloquial like she's a queen.
 He's a king.
 Oh, how does it point?
 It's literally a very possible, very possible.
 All of this is to do with astrology, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 To do with divination.
 And you know, this is a very lengthy text written in that, "Oh, what century?"
 It was AD, wasn't it?
 Sixth century, okay.
 Yeah.
 And the subjects are unbelievable, because the number of things from which you can predict
 an omen according to the system, enormous.
 So there are omen's from slits of garments, you know, particular, well, if you've got a slit
 in your garment, just literally a slit in your clothing, you know, that where it hangs,
 how it falls, if it's large, small, left, right, all of that, that has particular divination.
 Omen's number eight, the intention of horses, omen nine, the attitude of elephants.
 It's just all souls in there, you know.
 Wait, so what a slit in your garment could tell you what the intention of horses was?
 No, that's a completely separate chapter.
 That's right, sorry.
 It says a chapter on the omen's result from slits and garments and there's a chapter
 from the intention of horses.
 It is extraordinarily detailed, it seems to have come from some fevered minds.
 Well, it comes from someone, this particular text, comes from a very specific person who
 lived so long ago that we don't know the proper dates of, but it was someone called Vahara
 Mehera, ancient Indian mathematician astrologer, slash astronomer.
 He lived about 500, the year 500, roughly, we're not, we're not 100% sure.
 But this was his text, wasn't it?
 Yeah.
 And this is what is so interesting about hindrism.
 So there are all these texts.
 So a lot of hindrism is based on the Vedas, but then there are all these auxiliary texts and
 this comes from that, which are about Hindu astrology, it's called geotisha, I think.
 And this is one of those texts, but yeah, hundreds of them.
 So you can kind of pick and choose and they are fun, they are more fun than the bits of
 the Bible that I've read, which granted it aren't that many.
 Well, it's funny, like my sister is married to my brother in law's Indian and they have
 an Indian wedding and the astrologer dictated what time the ceremony had to be.
 And it was at 3.30am on Boxing Day and we were like, okay, well, I guess that's what we're
 doing though.
 They done to annoy which country is an India, yeah, you didn't, you didn't, it's 3.30am
 somewhere.
 It isn't like a beer, no, yeah, so it was like we, everyone just had to get up at two in
 the morning, get ready.
 Wow.
 And it was amazing.
 Because of the astrology, yeah.
 And you go back to bed afterwards or did you stay up and do the whole, yeah, or there was
 a dry wedding.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 That's an astonishing because any overseas wedding in its own right is annoying when you're
 sent the invitation.
 You've got, now I'm flying where to go to this wedding.
 To then see wedding starts 2.30am, I think is pushing it.
 And there's no alcohol.
 Yeah.
 We were like, cool.
 Lots of people get married on certain days, don't they?
 So I think when it's Saturdays, it's very commoner.
 Saturdays is common, but if it's auspicious, then the number of weddings, rockets are cool.
 And they're obviously there are a few different astrology systems, but for the very big ones.
 So for example, there was a day in 2003 where 12,000 couples got married on that one day
 because it was all suspicious.
 And I know there are more than a billion people in India.
 So I don't know whether that's, it feels like that is reasonably high, but, you know.
 And there is now a trend once you've been married a little while, you might be expecting
 a baby, and there is a huge trend for pregnant women to book caesareans for all suspicious
 days.
 Yeah.
 What if it's three months in?
 There wasn't a woman who asked her to have her four weeks early to avoid any astrological
 problems.
 And I think the doctors...
 Great.
 Some more problems, I think.
 Well, I think doctors don't like it.
 Obviously reasons, which is that, you know, they're trying to just do what is best for
 the health and, you know, the health of mother and baby.
 And, you know, women are being asked to be induced, to have their labor induced in
 particular hours to guarantee the right star sign and things like that.
 Yes.
 I mean, the planning goes into the conception in a lot of cultures.
 I know that the Chinese birth chart is often used if people want to have a boy, for example,
 that's a vet.
 You don't try for a kid until the chart tells you.
 You just put a rubber band around one testicle and that sort of solves it.
 Yes.
 But you might drown, then.
 You might confuse your body into thinking you've only got one ball.
 Maybe the biggest geopolitical thing that's ever happened as a result of Hindu astrology,
 Indian independence, the transfer of power, 15th August, 1947.
 Now that happened a day earlier for Pakistan, which was the other, you know, huge area of British
 territory.
 Pakistan went a day earlier, 14th August, and India waited a day for an inauspicious period
 to end.
 Really?
 Yeah, yeah.
 And various astrologers have claimed that actually Pakistan paid the price for that because
 in 1971, it split off into Bangladesh, which I didn't need to say it as for other reasons
 as well as astrology, the complicated politics happened, yeah?
 I would say if I'd lived through the partition of India, which did not go very well for many
 people, I'd be asking for a refund from that astrologer.
 Yeah.
 Are you sure the inauspicious period had fully ended?
 Yeah, yeah.
 Hinduism, polytheistic or monotheistic?
 I would say poly.
 Yeah.
 You'd think, wouldn't you, only 7% of Hindus say that there are multiple gods?
 Ah, really?
 Yes.
 So the 61% of Hindus say that there is just one god who has many manifestations, which
 I really didn't realise that that was the conception of God for most people.
 And then the other 30% just say, there's only one god.
 Interesting.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 Do you want to talk about Tesquals, Andy?
 I do.
 I feel like you have been, for this whole time anyway.
 Okay.
 Jamie, have you ever heard of balls maxing?
 Balls max.
 Ah, I haven't.
 But, yeah.
 I should, well, I'm about to.
 So.
 What is the pursuit of bigger balls, that's all?
 That's all it is.
 Yeah.
 So that looks maxing, but for you, ballets.
 Right, so, yes.
 Okay.
 How do you do it?
 Injection of saline solution.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 I know.
 As ever.
 I mean, with all of these trends, is it a trend, or is it actually a few, a few weirdos
 on one reddit thread?
 Yeah.
 Pokhastakure.com, if you're a keen balls, maxer, do rise in and please know photos.
 Yeah, yeah.
 So ball, ironing, or scrotox, which is a thing.
 And all of the, I mean, this is, this is mostly mad stuff, but basically when studied, scrotums
 are just not attractive.
 And this has been studied scientifically.
 Why?
 Just ask any human.
 Exactly.
 And you said even logged in the scientific study.
 Why is that a thing?
 The aesthetics of the study.
 There was a specific study.
 I think it's because more men, and again, the numbers are small, but it's rising.
 Oh, sort of worried about their personal appearance.
 Right.
 You know, in that region, beneath the, beneath the below the Irish pub window, and it was just
 to see whether any of this makes any difference at all.
 So it was a small sample size, but women, a range of women were asked to rank eight unique
 scrotai on the, the Leica scale, which measures how much people like something, but was named
 after someone called Leica, never mind that.
 But of the eight scrotums that they were asked to rate, not one of them got a positive ranking.
 So it's a plus three to minus three was the scoring system.
 All of them scored below zero.
 And the researchers concluded, I just love the phrase they used, it was barely possible
 to identify a quote's beautiful scrotum.
 We must instead speak of the least ugly.
 Okay.
 So I just think there's no point in doing any of this stuff, you know, just you know, if
 you're balls maxing.
 Yeah, but we know we don't know if someone who was balls maxing or earning their balls was
 part of the study.
 That might have absolutely skewed the results.
 Oh, were they, were they not part of the study?
 I thought some people had balls maxed and some people had it.
 Anyway, let's keep funding academia.
 Okay, there's time for our final fact of the show, and that is my fact.
 This week is that in 1980, a woman called Maureen Wilcox chose the winning numbers for both
 the Massachusetts and Rhode Island Lotteries.
 Unfortunately, the numbers she chose for the Rhode Island Lottery were the winning numbers
 for the Massachusetts Lottery and vice versa.
 Not crushing.
 God.
 That's worse, isn't it?
 It's so much worse than not winning.
 Yeah.
 Do you know how much it was worth?
 Well, it was about a pound each who cares, but like, no, no, this, these would have been
 big sums. The main source that we have for this is one newspaper as far as I could find.
 It's been repeated multiple times in books about improbability and luck and so on.
 But it was first published as far as I could tell on May 16th, 1980 in the Morning Union.
 It was a little piece.
 Oh my goodness.
 Oh my goodness.
 Oh my goodness.
 Oh my goodness.
 Not the year.
 I'm not that old, Jesus.
 Oh, yeah.
 Okay.
 Well, good.
 Sorry to interrupt, but it felt worth saying.
 Yes.
 Happy birthday.
 So, this is what the article said.
 The odds were one in 2,400 and this was calculated by a University of Rhode Island mathematics
 professor.
 And this lady, Mrs. Wilcox, beat those odds.
 So she said it's like buying a new suit with two pairs of pants, getting ready to go out
 to a special place and getting a huge gravy stain on the jacket.
 What a labourer.
 Oh my goodness.
 It took a while for me to get it.
 Yeah.
 It's hang on down.
 The odds surely are much, much longer than one in a two and a half hours.
 That's what I thought as well.
 That seems very short, doesn't it?
 But this is the original source and it's often used this story as one of those examples
 of the opposite of luck.
 How to be unlucky.
 The kind of person who sits on a fountain to give themselves an animal, thinking it is
 at the same jet proportion.
 No, that's not unlucky.
 That's not, oh God, how was I possibly to know that I could have been any way back fired
 as an idea?
 Literally.
 Because also you'd surely see that the water was blasting out with an unnatural force before
 you decided to lower yourself onto it.
 Yeah.
 I guess sometimes the fountains take a break, don't they?
 So he might have positioned himself over ready for the next round.
 Oh no.
 I assumed that.
 He can't because he can't have pulled himself on while it was going.
 Yeah, it was that heaviest dream.
 You'd notice.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Maybe it's got one of those little sensors.
 And in front of it, like you ordered a button like a jacuzzi or a diacin fountain.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Anyway, back to this.
 Sorry.
 I do like stories like this.
 And I also like, this is bad, but I like stories when lots of people think they have won
 the lottery and then it turns out they happened.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 They happen often enough.
 So there was a story quite recently in the Guardian.
 It was about 47,000 Norwegians, all of whom got told they'd won big amounts of money
 on the lottery.
 And the terrible thing was it had been got wrong by the lottery company.
 So they had made a mistake converting euros to Norwegian Corona, which have very different
 values.
 So people were told, for example, one guy got told he'd won the equivalent of 86,000 pounds.
 He'd actually won nine pounds.
 And they, I think when that happens, the lottery company should have to honour it.
 I think they should have pay for just 7,000 people, £100,000.
 I would like that.
 I would now extend to his plans had got before he realised.
 I know.
 I know.
 I got quite obsessed with the lottery curse.
 Oh.
 You know, people who kind of win a lot of money and then their lives just kind of disintegrate.
 Yeah.
 And have you read about someone called Vivian Nicholson?
 Right.
 So she won £152,000 in 1961, which is like worth millions today, I think.
 Yeah.
 On the pools, the football pools with a husband, Keith, lovely couple.
 And she was interviewed when they won this money and they said, what, what, what are you going
 to do with it?
 She said, spend, spend, spend.
 Well, that's a famous quote.
 It is a famous quote.
 Yes.
 And she bought for coats and sports cars and holidays and she just went mad and lost it all
 within a few years.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And Keith died in the car crash.
 Oh, man.
 Yeah.
 Um, and then she went through four more husbands, and they all died.
 Are they all died?
 Well, that's kind of suspicious.
 A few of them did.
 That's, you wouldn't become the sixth husband in the stage, right?
 Right.
 Right.
 And it, and it became a stage musical.
 What was it called?
 Spend, spend, spend.
 Do you know who produced that stage musical?
 Oh, no.
 You're dead.
 My dad.
 No kidding.
 Really?
 And I'm here to tell you, it was not successful.
 But he did spend, spend, spend a lot on it.
 And got nothing back.
 I thought it was great.
 Lovely soundtrack.
 Some cracking songs.
 Was it successful in any way?
 Artistic, critically.
 It was critically successful and no one went to sit to the extent that I think his company
 bought him a big poster, which we still have somewhere, which has spent, spent, skint.
 Ah.
 Ah.
 It's good though.
 It's really good.
 It's really good.
 And he worked with her.
 Really?
 Right.
 Was she involved?
 Yeah.
 She was.
 Her photograph is on the cover of the Smith song, "Have a nose a miserable now."
 Oh, really?
 Yeah, there's a picture of that old lady.
 You're not old lady, that lovely lady.
 That's her.
 That's her.
 That's her.
 So sad.
 So do you think winning the lottery makes you more or less happy in life?
 More.
 Oh, do you?
 It makes you a bit more.
 It's a begin with.
 Well, the vast majority of people say that it makes you less happy because there's such
 a conception now because people have claimed there are all these studies about the lottery
 curse.
 There's such a conception.
 So when people are asked, is it destructive to people?
 They mostly say, yes, it is, and I'm afraid for any lottery losers out there, it's not
 true.
 Winning the lottery does indeed make you happier.
 And there's all this stuff that it makes, it's more likely to make you bankrupt.
 It's not particularly.
 Although I will say that the only two studies that have confirmed that it does make you happier
 were in Germany and Sweden, which I thought might be about their national mentality.
 So maybe they're more sensible people who kind of invest it and think probably about
 what to do with the money.
 Right.
 And I reckon lottery winners in Britain are probably still idiots who spend it all.
 Not necessarily, though, because I think they've identified that.
 So I was in a cab the other day and the cab driver was telling me that his best mate had
 won the national lottery.
 And so I said, oh, well, you know about this crazy curse thing where people spend it, how
 is he doing?
 And he said the national lottery paired him immediately up with a bank manager or a investment
 consultant.
 And they put all the money into various different places.
 He bought a horse for the races, which one it's first race, apparently.
 Oh, that's how the horses get you in, though, that's how all the horses are great.
 Oh, like Jimmy's got a new owner.
 So we'll impress him today.
 You're right.
 Get him really on the hook.
 You'll buy five more horses.
 He's that funding going.
 And then we're all trying to think it's a scam by horses.
 What are they getting?
 They're getting nose bags full of wheat.
 And it rose it.
 Of course.
 All the carrots you can eat.
 That's very interesting.
 So this is another thing that happens when you win the lottery.
 This might be the Swedish study.
 And you mentioned different things happen depending on your sex.
 So men who win the lottery, again, in this Swedish study were more likely either to get married
 or stay married.
 Doesn't make women in the best life.
 No, it doesn't.
 And I think I can predict it.
 I think I can predict the fact that it's coming next.
 You do have more children either way.
 That's part of why.
 If you're a married woman and you win a lot of money on the lottery, the odds of you getting
 divorced double.
 Yeah.
 Clearly.
 It actually doesn't say a lot of good stuff about many of the james that we're so unbearable.
 Humans are awful.
 Our wives want to do all sorts, but they just don't have the capital together yet.
 Right.
 I think that's it.
 But would any of you guys, if you won the lottery, would you admit to it?
 No.
 Because there's this big thing of like, if you, because immediately, great.
 This is crazy.
 No, because people can't.
 If you want 20 quid.
 I'm studying letting those other guys get their hands on this.
 I don't even like confessing that I did Irish dancing lessons, but I was young.
 You think I'm going to tell you guys about winning the lottery.
 It's not going to happen because in some countries, you and some states in America, actually,
 you have to legally say that you've done.
 So people go to extraordinary length to try and disguise themselves because they have to
 be press conferences.
 And in some countries, people dress up.
 So in Jamaica, in 2019, there was a guy called A Campbell who won 158 million Jamaican dollars.
 And he arrived at his press conference and he was legally obligated to go to dressed with
 a ghost face mask from screen.
 Pretty nice.
 And he's just sat there.
 Do they make it compulsory so that it's good publicity for the lottery, basically, like
 that's a condition of winning?
 My research didn't go that deep.
 Okay.
 What else came as a giant yellow-winking emoji as a huge...
 I mean, I think that's kind of ingenious.
 Yeah.
 I don't know.
 I feel like if you want a lot of money, you suddenly realize life's going to be a lot
 classier.
 You're going to have the best of life.
 If I then have to get into a big, I don't know, yogi bear costume to go to a conference.
 That would be humbling.
 Yeah, that's true.
 But no one would know as you.
 Yes.
 So it's fine.
 That's true.
 No.
 Well, I just think it'll wreck your life, if all your friends know.
 Well, it's not even that it's that people, you get all of these sob stories, people coming
 up too constantly.
 Because how could you not give money to people that they need?
 I mean, that's...
 Oh, not sure.
 Then give it to them.
 Yeah, exactly.
 That would be my answer to anyone who's won the lottery and is pissed off about the people
 asking them for money.
 If they need the money.
 Help out.
 There's...
 Just...
 This is similar to Dan's Facts.
 I wouldn't...
 No, I wouldn't.
 No, I wouldn't.
 You'd never see me again, in fact.
 I didn't immediately go to hiding.
 And it doesn't even take a salary from Qisers, because you say, "Wow, just such a good person."
 I give it to Andy, actually.
 It helped me sign this thing years ago.
 Just get it to him.
 Okay, cool.
 To me, that's how I have a roof over my head now.
 My homeless day is gone.
 And yet he still has the beard.
 I'm bought him razor after razor.
 Okay.
 Do you have sympathy for this person?
 In 2007, there was the headline, "Court rules women who didn't enter lottery, not entitled
 to money from the lottery."
 This was a woman who'd entered a postcode lottery.
 So, sorry, this is a woman who hadn't entered a postcode lottery, crucially.
 So the postcode lottery is where if you're in a certain postcode, then you win a certain
 amount of money.
 It can be huge amount of money.
 Now, I think everyone else, or seven other people with her exact same postcode, did decide
 to opt into the postcode lottery.
 If he decided to opt out, they won 13.9 million euros each.
 18 million each.
 13.9, actually.
 So we're for a rounding.
 After taxes.
 But even so, it's a lot.
 No good point.
 It's tax-free, I think.
 Most lottery wins.
 National lottery wins are tax-free.
 I think.
 Yeah.
 They're tax-free.
 They're not in America, but they are here.
 Don't you know that, Andy?
 I'm going to say, I'm going to be on this podcast again without my lawyers.
 That might be our team, OK?
 Emma Horsen.
 So she sued the postcode lottery.
 Wow.
 For emotional distress.
 She said, it had been so upsetting for her.
 She said, one, when ostentatiously displayed as new Porsche in her very sight line.
 Which is hard not to do, if you bought a new Porsche.
 Yeah, the same postcode.
 Literally, it lives off to you.
 So interesting choice of word, isn't it, Andy?
 Ostentatious.
 Who is this?
 She said that it was really difficult because every time she had to write her own postcode,
 it was just another reminder of what she'd lost.
 I mean, it is a shitter.
 You would feel so stupid.
 But surely there were other people in their postcode that didn't win as well.
 I'm not sure I think she might have been the only one.
 If it's the exact postcode, sometimes.
 I mean, also, another one will probably have moved house quite soon.
 That'll be...
 That'll make things a bit easier.
 That's right.
 Yeah, yeah.
 What if you find a lottery ticket, which wins?
 On the street.
 Yeah, you pocket it.
 What can you do about it?
 So this has actually happened.
 Yeah.
 Happened in 2009, a couple in Swindon, found a lottery ticket.
 It won.
 Not a huge amount, but £30,000.
 Not bad.
 What a huge amount.
 What's going on here?
 You definitely won the lottery.
 No, but compared with millions, you know.
 Very, very welcome, right?
 But it was not theirs.
 It had been dropped by a woman called Dorothy, who was the rightful owner.
 She had bought it.
 The couple spent half the money, £15,000, clearing their debts.
 But then she took them to court over this.
 She was able to prove that she had bought it because she kept the receipt.
 And they had to pay back the other half.
 But they paid it back.
 I think I'm not sure whether they paid it back to her or to the lottery.
 Either way, Dorothy only got half the £30,000 winnings.
 And Camelot said, well, look, if you didn't write your name and address on the back of the ticket,
 as we advise everybody to do, then we can't prove it.
 I'm with them.
 Like she lost it.
 Sorry.
 Yeah.
 Find its keepers.
 And also, how is the couple supposed to know who it belongs to?
 What do you do?
 Yeah.
 You can go to Camelot, and you'd say we found this.
 Right.
 Please go ahead.
 Yeah, well, does the receipt show, does the lottery receipt show what the numbers were on your lottery ticket to prove it?
 There might be a serial number that's on the...
 Yes, it's a transaction number.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Hey, do you know that the Sydney Opera House only was able to be built because of a lottery?
 Yeah, so it was needed funding badly who went so far over budget.
 So they did a national lottery.
 And I know this because my grandfather, who was just over from Australia, he's 94,
 he bought into the lottery multiple weeks.
 And they raised $102 million in total.
 And that's what built the Opera House.
 And my grandfather never went to it until we, as no such thing as a fish, played there.
 It's the first time he sat in it.
 Apparently he said to everyone he spoke to.
 I'd pay for this.
 Okay, that is it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said over the course of this podcast,
 we're all online.
 I'm on Instagram at @StreiberlandAndy@AndryHondaM.
 Jamie @Uncleagle.
 I know.
 I should change that.
 And if you want to get to us as a group, Anna.
 You can email podcast@QI.com or on Instagram @nosuchthing.
 Yes.
 Or if you want to contribute to yourself to our shows.
 We have a bonus show every Monday called Little Fish,
 where we read out your facts.
 We put ours down and we pick out the best that you have sent in to that email,
 podcast@QI.com, and he goes through them all.
 He brings them to that show.
 But also, if you have general feedback,
 he cherry picks the best of those and he brings them to our Club Fish episode,
 which is called Drop Us Align.
 Club Fish, our members club.
 It exists on Patreon.
 Go to patreon.com/clubfish.
 We've got so many fun things there.
 There is bonus episodes.
 There's video episodes of Drop Us Align.
 And also, if you want to find out about live shows and so on,
 know such thing as a fish.com.
 That's our actual website.
 But come back next week because we're going to be here with another episode.
 Thanks as ever to lean Lee, Ethan Ruperelia,
 as well as the larger Fish Buster team.
 And we'll be back again next week with another episode.
 See you then.
 Good bye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
