 Hi everyone, welcome to this week's episode of No Such Things Are Fish.
 Before you fast forward, we have news of some live shows coming up, which you can go
 to live in London or you can stream.
 But first of all, let me tell you about today's show, which we recorded live at the Royal
 Institution in London.
 It is one of the most venerable places in the entire United Kingdom.
 It's where multiple elements were discovered.
 It's where some of the great scientists in history have spoken.
 And then they let us four docks turn up.
 Really hope you enjoy this show.
 It was the first of four that we did.
 They will go out over the next four weeks.
 There were brilliant audiences every night.
 I'm sure you will enjoy listening to them as much as we enjoyed recording them.
 And if you would like to come to a live recording, then guess what?
 We are doing a couple more in September.
 On Saturday, the 12th of September, we are returning to the London Podcast Festival at King's
 Place, which is near to Kings Cross Station in North London.
 And at 7pm, we'll be doing a live recording of the main episode.
 There are not many tickets left for that.
 So if you want to come to that, then get in there quick.
 But even more excitingly, I think, is that at 4.30pm, we'll be doing our first ever live
 drop us a line.
 It is our audience feedback show.
 It is normally only available for people who are members of Patreon.
 But you could be there.
 If you want to ask your question, or send us an extremely pedantic email, you can be there
 in person.
 If you bought tickets for the show already, or if you buy tickets, then email podcast@QI.com
 and let us know that you're going to be there.
 Let us know what your question is, or your piece of pedantry.
 Let us know your bonus bream.
 Let us know your thanks, but no thanks, and we might well read them out.
 Both of these King's Place shows will be live streamed and available on catch-up.
 And you can get a discount if you buy tickets to both shows.
 Go to www.nosisthingsofish.com/live to get tickets for that.
 And in the meantime, please enjoy this week's episode of "Nosis Things Of Fish" recorded
 live at the Royal Institution.
 OK, on with the podcasts.
 Hello, and welcome to another episode of "Nosis Such Things Of Fish" a weekly podcast
 this week coming to you live from the Royal Institution in London.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I am sitting here with Anna Tishinsky, Andrew Hunson-Marie and James Harkin.
 And once again, we have dathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts from
 the last seven days and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, and that is Anna.
 My fact this week is that the building we are in contains the former world's largest
 pencil.
 There's a photo of it behind us and that is a big pencil.
 Yeah, but we're bearing the lead here because that is an even bigger ruler than the world's
 largest pencil.
 No, Andy, we're bearing the lead.
 There we go.
 Oh, come on.
 There's been either the 59 minutes of this, guys.
 Yes, that is in fact in this photo carrying that pencil is the man who made it famous, famous
 being a stretch.
 But this was in 1968 that it had its debut and as you probably know, this room is famous
 for very excellent, interesting lectures before we got here and someone who gave a lecture
 was a physicist called Philip Morrison in 1968 and he opened his lecture with a huge
 penny on the floor and he said, okay, he was going to come up and measure this penny and
 he pulled out this huge ruler which people in the room can see a 12-foot-long ruler to measure
 it with.
 And then he said, okay, and let's write down how big this penny is and for no particular
 reason he produced an enormous pencil.
 Right.
 So write that down.
 There was some reason.
 There wasn't either, right?
 Because he was like doing a lecture about things that are very, very big or very, very small.
 So he's imagining what it would be like if he was a little a pusion.
 So the gallevers travels.
 Yeah.
 That's true.
 They were called the gallevers lectures.
 It did feel like you've made a point with the ruler and now you could just go with a normal
 pencil.
 But he went to the trouble and that's what we love.
 Wonderful.
 And yeah, it was about how crucial sizes in science.
 So things act really differently if they're really, really, really big, like, you know, universe
 scale, compared to really, really, really tiny and he got some little children to come up
 from the audience to operate it.
 And it was a great lecture.
 I watched it.
 It was excellent.
 I really like how things were different back in the day.
 As I say, audience of 10, 11-year-olds, one quote from it is, of course, you know very well
 that the theories of Euclid simply do not apply in the non-Euclidean geometry of a sphere.
 Right.
 10-year-olds nodding along.
 I think they cover that in K-pop demon hunters.
 So how big?
 Oh, okay.
 It's got, how big is this pencil?
 It's hard to pictures.
 So the ruler was 12.
 So I guess the pencil's about 9 or 10 feet.
 It's hard.
 How big are these desks?
 Yeah, this must be four or five.
 Do we have anything in the building that's roughly the size?
 Do we think of the pencil?
 Oh, oh!
 For listeners at home, Dan has just come in holding.
 Do you say nine foot long?
 I think it's shorter because--
 Can you pop it on the ground?
 You're about six foot, right?
 Pop it on the ground.
 I'm six foot one.
 It's been sharp at the best.
 It's been sharp at the best.
 Yeah, yeah.
 I've literally just been told that it was taller,
 but they have used it and it's been sharpened.
 So it's--
 Wonderful.
 Keeps getting shorter.
 Is it lead?
 Does it work?
 It is.
 This is a real pencil.
 You can see that it actually says HB on it.
 And this guy was really interested.
 Philip Morrison, he had been at Los Alamos
 for the nuclear testing, and he transported
 the core of the test device, so the nuclear core,
 to the test site on the back seat of a dodged sedan.
 So then he was one of the team.
 And he was ahead of the team that
 loaded the atomic bombs onto the aircraft
 before it went to catch a pass.
 Really?
 And then he became like a real anti-war person
 and a real pacifist after that.
 Yeah.
 Careers are so long and varied, aren't they?
 As if you--
 Like, while he--
 He was podcasted for 15 years.
 Well, no, no, I know.
 But if while he was supervising the team
 that were loading the nuclear bombs onto the planes,
 you could have said to him, look, in just over 20 years
 time, you're going to be messing
 around with a giant pencil that would have reassured him
 a bit, maybe.
 What do you think has the bomb changed up so much
 that we are a tiny race of humans, no taller than a coin?
 Yeah, this was part of a lecture, which
 is one of the great things that this institution has
 been doing for many, many years.
 And I was being told beforehand, no matter who was coming in,
 no matter how famous they were, there was no introduction.
 They would just walk onto stage.
 They would not say anything to the crowd.
 They would not say, thank you for coming.
 They wouldn't do any of the stuff we did, basically,
 at the beginning of this show, because the information
 was the star.
 So when we were waiting prior to this show coming in,
 we were sat in a room at the back.
 And that was the room that for many, many years,
 over 100 years, scientists would be
 locked in for 10 minutes before their lecture started,
 so that they couldn't run away from doing the lecture.
 And this was based off the story
 of a scientist called Wigstone, who supposedly got cold feet
 and he ran away, and Michael Faraday had to come at the last
 second and do his speech on behalf.
 Now, the records are so amazing here.
 We know that didn't happen.
 It never happened.
 It was all a myth.
 They can see that he wasn't coming in.
 Faraday was ready to do it.
 But they love the idea of it so much
 that they did then just start locking scientists in the room,
 for 10 minutes prior to the lecture.
 And they've been doing that ever since.
 A lot of them are still there, by the way.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Michael Faraday?
 Oh, great.
 He was incredibly popular, because it was the early days
 when he was doing it.
 Yeah, 19 series of lectures.
 And his most famous one, I think he delivered it several years,
 maybe, was called the Chemical History of a Candle.
 And it's one of those wonderful things,
 because it sounds wonderful.
 It's one of the most successful science books ever.
 And his basic point was, so much of what we know about science
 can be encapsulated in a candle, whether that's
 what the Wig is made of, what the sort of what the air around it
 does, the sort of flow of air when it's burning.
 The science of combustion, all of these things
 come together in the form of a candle.
 It was written as a book which I think
 might be still in print today, nearly 200 years later on.
 And he was dead against writing it as a book,
 because he said the point about science
 to communicate it to people is it has to be
 in a live environment.
 Lectures are an important way of properly communicating
 science to people.
 And then, in the 1850s, there was a massive wave of sayances,
 which swept across London.
 And he thought, OK, maybe not enough people know any science.
 And so he thought, OK, I will do it as a book now,
 because it can get the word out a bit more.
 And I got the book out of the library today.
 Did you?
 Yeah, yeah.
 They still have his notes here, don't they, I think.
 And the papers are cinched.
 And no one knows really how they got cinched, I think.
 But he'd used a lot of fire in his experiments.
 He would get saucers and fill them with brandy
 and then set fire to them.
 So we think that's probably what happened.
 But make sense.
 He was a loud alcohol on stage.
 We're not a loud alcohol on stage.
 So once again, it's one rule for Michael Faraday
 and one rule for the rest of us.
 Yeah.
 Would we have been allowed alcohol if we could also
 bring a live flame on stage, I wonder?
 Yeah, exactly.
 It was in 1825 that the first Christmas lecture happened.
 And actually, that one was quite boring.
 And it was a series of 22 lectures.
 And Faraday quickly stepped in and said,
 you know what, let's go six lectures.
 And let's make it all about demonstrating science.
 So they all had to have big set pieces in them.
 So John Tyndall, who took over from Faraday,
 and by the way, if you're googling him,
 he is not the chairman of the National Front in the 1970s.
 Never lectured here as far as I know.
 John Tyndall, the physicist, 19th century.
 In 1867, he put solid carbonic acid in his mouth.
 And then he breathed out over a candle while this was in his mouth.
 And the candle turned blue and then it went out
 because the carbonic acid made his breath so chilled.
 Wow.
 And he said at the time that if I'd inhaled
 with that in my mouth, I would have died.
 That's the kind of tension people were bringing to the lectures.
 What?
 As if people were--
 Or sneaked because it's such a dangerous substance.
 Well, how about this one?
 1938, so a bit more recent, the Christmas lectures
 had a boy, maybe about 10 or 11 years old,
 same as the boys who had the mass of pencil.
 A boy coated his hands in water.
 And then the scientist delivering the lectures,
 put his hand in a-- put the boy's hand in a stream of molten lead.
 And that--
 And he was fine.
 But that's an example of the Leidenfrost effect, where, you know,
 the--
 the--
 the--
 What are you saying?
 It's like, if you're going to really hot pan
 and you pour water on it, it kind of bounces around.
 Yeah, the water evaporates on contact
 and it makes this tiny, tiny protective layer
 between you and the molten hot lead.
 But he was fine.
 Maybe, and maybe, you know--
 I think that's amazing because that was in 1938, right?
 And that kid's parents has let him come to this lecture.
 When the year before, Julian Huxley, who
 was their secretary of the Lyndon Zoological Society,
 had brought a live lion into the fence.
 So hot, of course.
 And he'd brought a lion cub, some snakes, crocodiles, red kite.
 And then before even the animals came out,
 he'd shown a short film of a load of baby seals
 being clubbed in the Arctic.
 And we have the video now.
 And there were photos of this as well
 of the kids stroking the lion as they were doing it.
 And it turns out, I didn't know this.
 They used to do that in Lyndon Zoo.
 If you went to Lyndon Zoo in the 1930s,
 you could go to what they call pet's corner
 at the Stroke a Lion.
 Really?
 That's amazing.
 They used to be a assistant called Bill Coates,
 who would always join.
 And he would always do the demonstrations.
 I mean, it might be possible.
 Charlotte, is it possible that he actually--
 Oh, Charlotte's still here?
 Did he design the pencil?
 He might have designed the pencil.
 He's that kind of guy.
 And one thing that happened was there
 was a scientist called William Bragg,
 who had him swallow a precious sensitive capsule
 with a radio transmitter on it.
 And he invited kids to come up on stage
 to show that if you punched him in the stomach,
 a local speaker would go, "Where?"
 And so kids came up mid-lecture, just pounding him in the stomach
 while the sound was, "Where, where?"
 And yeah.
 And Dan has swallowed a radio transmitter.
 So now I'm going to step into the middle.
 Can I say one thing on the subject of good demonstrations
 in lectures and how important they are?
 This isn't an lecture that took place at the R.I.
 But it was by someone called Giles Brindley.
 He was a British urologist.
 And he found that injecting certain agents into your--
 and I can't even about to use these words in this room,
 but into your penis--
 made you have an erection.
 And this was early on in the 1960s,
 when people didn't really know about how to do that.
 It was a sort of pre-viagrant.
 They knew how to have erection, sorry.
 They didn't know how to conjure them out of thin air, as it were.
 And sorry, this is not one of the children's Christmas lectures.
 Anyway, he was giving a lecture about how
 he'd found this substance that could create an erection,
 which is very useful in urology.
 And he decided to demonstrate.
 So he showed a bunch of slides of his own member after he'd taken it.
 And then he said to this audience of academics
 who were all in their suits, very dry,
 who happened in Las Vegas at the Euro-Dynamic Society,
 and he said, look, that's not enough.
 I could have stimulated myself with these pictures,
 so I'd better show you.
 I took some of this before I came on stage today.
 Wow.
 And he stepped out in front of the podium,
 and he pulled his trousers tightly around himself.
 And he said, anyway.
 And then he said, look, but that's not enough.
 That's not enough.
 And then he pulled down his trousers
 in front of the entire audience of very dry academics
 who were wondering what the hell was happening in their lives.
 And he dropped his pants.
 And he revealed his member.
 And then, as his final piester resistance, he said,
 ah, but we need someone to test the two messons at which point.
 Oh, no.
 This is--
 The academics' wives in the audience started screaming,
 and he had to quickly wrap up the lecture prematurely
 and leave the room.
 The lecture was called What Happens in Vegas,
 stays in Vegas, isn't it?
 Can I take us away from this, please,
 and talk about enormous pencils?
 Oh, yeah.
 So we said that this was a former world's largest pencil,
 right?
 Because the record has since been beaten a few times.
 And the current largest pencil measures 23.23 meters
 and weighs 98.43 tons.
 And it was made by a friend of the podcast, Asherita Furman,
 who is basically spends his whole life trying to break as many world
 records as possible, like hopping backwards
 with a traffic cone on his head, things like that.
 OK.
 And this pencil is the equivalent of 1,900,000 standard size pencils.
 Right.
 And it's the same length as the world's longest outdoor shot
 putt, the largest wave in the world in 2025,
 and the world's largest barbecue pet.
 If you need some perspective--
 Yeah, thank you.
 Well, thank you.
 Because I've actually got it back to you, honey.
 Can I check something with you?
 Is it a pencil or is it a model of a pencil?
 What's the difference?
 The difference is pretty clear.
 If it's got a lead in the middle of it--
 It works.
 It has to work.
 It has to work.
 Then it's a functioning pencil.
 Yeah, absolutely.
 Because sometimes people do make models of pencils
 and they say this is the world's largest pencil.
 It's clearly not.
 I don't like it.
 It feels like I'm shaming them now.
 But there is a giant pencil.
 It's in Minneapolis.
 And actually, it's just a toppled oak tree.
 I believe it's lead free.
 It has got a giant fairy rule and a rubber on the end.
 And every year, there is a ritual sharpening, which is good.
 But it's basically a tree that they painted.
 It's basically a painted and shaped tree.
 I feel bad about it now, because it's a Minneapolis.
 And it sounds wonderful.
 And thousands of people turn up every year
 to the ritual sharpening, which does sound like my kind of people.
 That's yeah.
 That's very impressive.
 It's just for any pencil fans that might be here tonight,
 or listening at home.
 Oh, yeah, a lot in tonight.
 OK.
 A friend of ours, John Hodgman, is a friend
 of the leading pencil sharpener in the world.
 His name is David Reese.
 He wrote a book called How to sharpen pencils.
 And it's a whole book.
 And he provides a service which started out
 as you could send him your pencil.
 And you pay him and he sharpens it for you and sends it back.
 But his new service now is he will provide the pencil himself.
 So if anyone here wants a pencil or a pencil,
 it feels like the pencil is not the main cost base
 of his operations as it's just getting a new pencil.
 He'll just send you a sharp pencil.
 Well, it's a $100 American dollars to--
 I beg your pardon.
 I think that's worth it.
 Do you think so?
 The pencils farmers don't work.
 Why haven't we nailed the pencil sharpener in this day and age?
 They always break off a pencil list.
 I think there's a clear territory between pencil sharpeners
 don't work very well, which I think we can all agree on.
 And $100 is good value.
 It is time for fact number two.
 And that is James.
 OK, my fact this week is that one of the world's oldest cycling
 road races is getting much harder because people
 keep stealing the road.
 This is the Paris Roublay cycle race.
 And it goes over cobblestone roads.
 And it's very famous because it's very, very difficult
 to cycle on these couples, especially if it's
 been raining or if they get muddy.
 And the race is nicknamed as the hell of the north.
 For various reasons we might go into.
 But this year, the events director Thierry Gouverneur
 has made a plea to the public to leave the rocks in place
 because people have been taking the cobblestones as souvenirs.
 And it's hard enough to go over those guys normally.
 But if there's a big hall where there should be one,
 then you're going to get big pileups of cyclists.
 Yeah, they say the speed that you go over those couples,
 you feel literally like you're a jackhammer.
 Like you're just going the whole way through.
 And so render it.
 It's a 160-mile-long route, right?
 Like it's a massive race.
 It's a one day.
 And it's one day.
 And they do get hurt.
 And Theo de Rouige, a Dutchman, he was asked about it afterwards.
 And they said, what do you think of the race?
 He said, it's a bollocks, this race.
 You're working like an animal.
 You don't have time to piss.
 You wait your pants.
 You're riding in mud like this.
 You're slipping.
 It is a pile of shit.
 And they said, wow.
 OK, I mean, are you going to do it again?
 Sure, it's the most beautiful race in the world.
 That's what the race is to people.
 Wow.
 So it's got quite a good history.
 And the nickname, the hell of the north,
 doesn't come from how hard the race is.
 It's named after Terry Hell.
 No, it's not.
 No.
 Oh, I'm so excited.
 Oh, Andy, first time you've heard an audience get,
 that is your world.
 It's basically the cyclists drove through Northern France
 after World War I.
 And there was so much rubble everywhere and stuff.
 It was like they were driving through hell.
 So it's a very, very difficult race,
 but the hell of the north was due to the--
 Oh, interesting.
 Because all races were covered back in the day, right?
 No tarmac.
 Yeah.
 And actually, the race is the Paris Roubaix,
 but actually doesn't start in Paris anymore.
 It starts in compin, compin, compin.
 It's good that you've protected the places.
 I don't really like that.
 But yeah, they used to start in Paris,
 but then they got rid of all the cobbled roads in Paris.
 So there was no point starting there.
 So they start there further out where the cobbles began.
 Nice.
 In fact, this was a problem, right?
 The cobbles were disappearing because tarmac
 was invented in a rose-kept-being tarmac.
 And then in the--
 I think it was the 1960s and 1950s, they said,
 well, this race is just going to become really boring,
 because it's going to be flat and easy.
 And there's a guy called Jean Stablinsky,
 who was a former cyclist.
 And he was also a former minor.
 And he knew of these really cobbled paths.
 He won a bicycle in an accordion competition.
 OK.
 OK.
 Whoa, whoa, whoa.
 As you do.
 As you do.
 Is this being held down the mine?
 Because that is the most impractical thing
 you can give someone down the mine.
 The acoustics are very good, though, though.
 No, a bicycle, not an accordion.
 Oh!
 I saw you mean, is that how they lowered him down?
 They just held one end of their accordion each, OK?
 Cycle your way up.
 I don't think it was down the mine.
 But no, he won this bicycle in an accordion competition,
 so he started cycling.
 His mum was so pissed off, he started cycling
 that she destroyed his first bike.
 Anyway, he basically founded this race in its modern iteration
 because he became a cyclist and then added cobbles
 to all of these roads, or found lots of routes
 that were very, very cobbly.
 So the prize in the race is a cobblestone, which is interesting.
 But it's not one of them.
 Obviously, they don't take it from a bit of the route.
 These are cobbles which have been blown up
 during the first and second world wars, right?
 Lots of roads were bombarded, and lots of them were blown up,
 and the cobbles were blown all over the place.
 And they then go into the soil.
 And every year, farmers plow up cobblestones
 that used to be on the roads.
 So it's one of these dug up cobblestones
 that becomes the prize.
 Wow.
 Yeah, it's very cool.
 But they're really big old things, aren't they?
 Yeah, because some, you get little round cobblestones,
 lots of places here, but these are big flat.
 They're like bricks, but they are much less easier.
 So you get a cobblestone, and you also
 get a brass plaque of your name, which
 goes on to the shower block, which is, at the very end,
 there's a big old shower that all the cyclists
 are supposed to go to.
 In actual fact, it's a horrible old shower,
 and no one really goes in.
 Oh, really?
 It's like a really famous part of the race.
 So you get three lots of people who use it.
 Basically, the youngest people who are there
 for the first ever year, and they're like, oh, wow.
 Like, I really need to try the showers because they're
 so famous.
 And then you get the really old ones
 who just want to embrace the history of the race.
 And then you get a third group who use these showers.
 Can you guess who they are?
 People who've been injured and need to wash mud.
 Well, they can still use normal showers.
 OK.
 Oh, OK.
 These are bicycles.
 The bicycles themselves?
 Yeah.
 On their own?
 Yeah.
 No.
 Some of the race crew stuff.
 It's not.
 It's the ones who are sponsored by shampoo companies.
 And so at the end of the race, those ones always come in
 and do a little bit of a rub down with the shampoo
 and then go straight after them.
 That's wild showers, assholes.
 You've just been through absolute hell for 116 miles,
 and then you have to film a shampoo advert.
 That's like a bad dream.
 How many guesses do you think we would have had to have gone to
 before we'd got to that?
 Here's a very cool bit of the road crew who work on it.
 So there's a team of people who are employed to maintain
 the cobbles, not to make them nice and smooth.
 It's not possible, but just to make sure they're there
 and kind of serviceable.
 But there is a team of extra employees
 who are hired.
 Can anybody guess what their job is?
 Well, in the Tour de France, they have people who are employed
 because people draw penises on their grounds.
 And they employ people to turn them into beautiful butterflies.
 Is it that?
 It's not that.
 These people have to-- these crew have to eat something
 as part of their job.
 And I corrected people to crew there.
 Hmm.
 Good riddle.
 OK, so they like the animals.
 They might be animal-- good riddle, Andy.
 Oh, no, they have to--
 I know, because they're near farms.
 So there's often like horse poo and stuff on there.
 So they employ a load of dung beetles
 to push away the balls of dung just before the bikes get us.
 He's got it.
 It's a team of goats eating grass.
 Eating the veg in between the cobbles.
 OK, right.
 Yeah, yeah.
 And the human-- the human are called the Fosad du Pavé.
 Convicts of the cobbles.
 How cool is that?
 Oh, that's like a society.
 There's a human team of maintenance people, too.
 Yeah, they might eat in the--
 They're not eating the stuff.
 Well, I don't think they're bound from it.
 But the method ones are.
 So yeah, that's like a crew that you join.
 It's a society.
 And that's not even when the race is happening.
 That's a year around.
 They just make sure they love the cobble.
 So they're probably looking out for the cobble
 Steelers that we're talking about.
 This is a very old race, 1896.
 The bicycle, the bicycle proper,
 was only invented in the 1860s.
 So we're talking like 30, 40 years after the invention
 of the actual modern bicycle that they started doing
 this insane race.
 And even the person who did the first mapping of the route
 didn't want the race to happen.
 So basically, there were two creators.
 There was Perez and there was Vien.
 And they were like, we're going to end it in Belgium or France.
 We don't know which way, but we can't be there at both ends.
 We need someone to start or end it.
 They decided Paris would start it.
 And they needed to get the local newspaper on their team.
 And so the Paris newspaper sent a man called Paul Rousseau
 to actually ride what might be a route.
 And he did it, and he got to the end.
 And he was going to write immediately and say,
 no human should do this.
 This is mad.
 This is insane.
 But then these two guys, Perez and Vien,
 took him out to dinner, got him drunk.
 And then he was like, yeah, I'll be fine, I'll be gone.
 And that's why we have it.
 That's so funny.
 Yeah.
 And then life for 125 years, women were not allowed to do it
 until 2021.
 It's quite recent, is there?
 Oh, it's so long ago now, 2021.
 And the winner was Lizzie Dain, and who's British, I think.
 And the sad thing about that was--
 and this in fairness, this happens in a lot of cycle races,
 which is you don't watch the first hour or so,
 because it's quite boring.
 They're just going really slowly.
 And then someone attacks, and then it gets interesting.
 But she attacked at the very first sector.
 And so by the time the camera started,
 she was already so far ahead that no one
 was ever going to catch her.
 And so the entire broadcast was just her being miles
 in front of everyone else, and just winning.
 Well, oh, sorry.
 I thought you meant the people who were filming couldn't catch
 her.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Surely they've invented cars for this race.
 Why don't they have an invented woman yet?
 She's the only British cyclist to win this race.
 So it's--
 And was she-- sorry, was she winning the mixed mix?
 No, no, no, the women's--
 Yeah, so 2021 was the first women's race.
 She won that.
 Bradley Wiggins has done it quite a few times.
 I think he came ninth.
 He was the closest that he ever got.
 Yeah.
 Not very good.
 Sorry?
 Not very good, is it?
 Not coming home.
 No.
 Coming home.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Do you know what?
 He's in a team.
 He's in Sky team.
 That's what he wrote for us.
 Yeah, he was in Sky team.
 Do you know what the first professional team he was in
 when he started racing?
 Because they're in teams, Andy.
 You're in like a--
 You get like--
 All right, I'm still.
 OK.
 It was the Linda McCartney racing team, which focused largely
 on racers who were vegetarians as well as the crew.
 Wow.
 Well, I mean, talking about women's cycling,
 and the reason I asked if it was the mixed race,
 is that actually cycling is one of the things
 that women and men could be on a par at in future.
 And in fact, there's this thing called the RAM, which
 is the race across America.
 And--
 It is R-A-A-M, isn't it?
 Yeah, it is.
 Yeah.
 Race across America.
 How America?
 It's meant to be the most extreme cycling race in the world.
 It's absolutely insane.
 People who do it have these crazy hallucinations.
 They go mad.
 They start dribbling and shrieking and, you know,
 thinking they're being murdered and stuff.
 But it's 3,000 miles--
 it's across America.
 You're not allowed to take longer than 12 days.
 And the winners of the RAM in 2021 and 2023 were both women.
 And that's mixed gender, RAM.
 So 2021, it was actually--
 and I'm always doing this, having just 1040--
 looking up things I could still achieve.
 And the winner in 2021 was a woman called Lear Goldstein,
 who was 52.
 Mm-hmm.
 Yeah.
 Well, she doesn't listen.
 It's fine.
 Was she American?
 I think so, yeah.
 She-- oh, maybe she was--
 I know, I think she was Israeli, because she
 used to be a quantum weight kickboxing champion in Israel,
 which, to be fair, I haven't achieved before the age of 40.
 And she had.
 Right.
 And she was also the 1998 duathlon champion.
 But aside from that, I could do it.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 There was the very first RAM had only four races in it.
 And one of them was a guy called Michael Shermer.
 And I don't think he's won the RAM, but he
 did invent a new medical problem off the back of something
 he experienced.
 You know what I mean?
 You know how you sort of hope that one day something
 horrible is going to be named after you in a medical sense?
 Is it a cycling injury?
 Yeah, it's called Shermer's Neck.
 Oh, that's not the part of the body I thought you were going to go.
 So Shermer's Neck is a thing when you've been riding so long,
 and your body has really, really gone to its edge.
 That suddenly your neck just gives up, and your head just drops.
 Oh, my God.
 And you can't do anything.
 And it's just gone.
 The muscles are entirely gone.
 And so Shermer had to hold his head up for the rest of the race.
 Yeah, with one hand on the handlebars.
 And he's not the only person to have this.
 So multiple people have had Shermer's Neck.
 And you can even buy devices.
 Because they don't give up.
 What's their neck keeps up?
 Cyclists.
 They pull over and they put on a device that just pulls their head up.
 And they just ride the rest of this insane thing that they're doing.
 At least at the end of the race, it's quite easy to put the metal over him.
 OK, it is time for fact number three.
 And that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that 150 years before there was a social network
 called X, run by a man called Musk, there was a social network called X, run by a man called Busk.
 Insane.
 Thank you.
 So Elon Musk named X, an Ellen Busk named the other X from 150 years ago.
 And basically, I was doing research about Albomile Street, the street that are on.
 Which this is an amazing road, by the way.
 There's so many incredible things that have happened here.
 There was a publishers just next door where Byron was published by them.
 And when he died, all of his memoirs and papers were burnt.
 That happened just next door over there.
 There was the Albomile Club where Oscar Wilde was accused of being a Sodomite.
 And that happened literally on the road that we're on.
 That ruined his life sent him to jail.
 So while I was reading that, I discovered that on the 3rd of November, 1864,
 at St. George's Hotel on this road, a social network was set up called the X Club.
 And it was run by nine great scientists, one of whom was George Busk.
 This was one of the very first scientific groups.
 And they called it a social network at the time.
 And the idea was they could see that science was being excluded from so many places
 where it was needed in terms of political power in schools and so on.
 And they thought let's get together and start discussing how we can inject science into these places.
 So literally around the corner, they changed the landscape of how this country operated
 because they were all very influential people.
 George Busk and his wife, Ellen, were very much a part of this.
 Thomas Huxley was the original John Lubbock, a lot of people who were lectured in this very room.
 And Ellen called it the X Club because she said, you need a name where you can just change
 and adapt to what the club is.
 You don't want to get stuck into one thing.
 You can talk about anything because X can be anything.
 Two quick thoughts on the name.
 Firstly, should have called themselves the X-Men because they were all men.
 The second point, there were nine of them and the symbol is X, which is, of course, Latin
 4.
 Nine.
 Yeah.
 I'm just seeing two big missed opportunities here.
 You want to go to the one X Club, the I X Club.
 The I X Men.
 I don't think.
 Are you invite one more person in, then there's ten of you.
 Well, they kept on trying to invite people in, didn't they?
 They kept on...
 You need just one more.
 We don't like anyone else.
 There was this constant chat, as you can imagine, they were saying, look, should we get
 barry in or, you know, should we get, you know, Dorothy?
 And eventually, they, apparently, various attempts to add more members became so
 weirysome, this is according to Huxley, that Huxley made this new rule.
 He said that no idea of someone joining the club should be entertained unless the name
 of the new member contains all the consonants absent from the old ones.
 OK.
 So, I had a look, the only consonants that are remaining, what to do with all the names,
 are Q, V and Z, and the only famous person I could find who was alive at the time was
 a guy called Vasquez, V-A-Z-Q-U-E-Z, who was a Galician musician who invented a thing
 called the technophon, which looked a bit like a piano, but when it plays, when you play notes,
 it replicates the human voice.
 Can you imagine if he turned up a god I'm here, nice?
 Then I have to go, what's your first name?
 That is amazing.
 One thing they did do at speaking of names is they gave each other nicknames, and all the
 nicknames had to begin with X, so there was the exquisite Lubbock, the excellent spotis
 wood, the experienced Hucka, the eccentric tendle, the exemplary busk, and so they gave themselves
 these ex nicknames.
 Yeah.
 They did have alternative names as well, so Huxley's original idea was calling it the Blasto
 Dermick Club, and Blasto Dermick is a layer of cells inside the Overnabirds, acts as the
 centre of development for the entire bird, so that's what they thought they were, they
 were on the inside.
 I think we'll just go with X, actually, thank you, thank you, yeah, we are writing down
 that suggestion.
 Hands up for Blasto Dermick, no.
 The Thura Club.
 Okay.
 I quite like that.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 No, it sounds quite dull, doesn't it?
 There seemed to be contradictory views on what it was for, so what Huxley said was, it
 had nothing to do with science this club.
 It was basically because we were all great mates, but we were all getting quite busy and
 successful, and we weren't hanging out very much, and so we literally said, let's make
 a day every month to hang out.
 And he's, he really denied that there was any other purpose, and in fact, he said that if
 others had been present at the meetings, they would have been incredibly disappointed
 at the sadly frivolous tone of our ordinary conversations.
 Interesting.
 Well, they were accused of only working to each other's mutual advantage, you know,
 they were accused of being a bit of a self-promotion society.
 They would lobby you for each other, you know, for their own members to get a particular
 eminent position in the world of science, that kind of thing.
 So, they were advancing the cause of science, but it wasn't, you know, it wasn't totally
 without self-interest against it.
 Yeah.
 The Oxford Dictionary of National Biography, which is normally very even-handed, says,
 "The motives were never entirely pure.
 The reasons not entirely consistent, and the means not entirely admirable, advancing
 the cause of science and advancing themselves were often conflated."
 Wow!
 That is-
 We could say the same about us.
 Well, you know what, the reason I don't like them is because they had some swan enemies.
 Ooh.
 And the swan enemies were the North British scientists.
 Oh!
 Oh.
 But actually, they were based in Scotland, so a bit further North Britain than where I'm
 from.
 Yeah.
 But Lord Kelvin was one of them, and James Clark Maxwell, so quite a big, famous guys.
 And the difference really between them was the North British ones believed in miracles.
 Oh.
 You sexy thing.
 Yeah, I know it.
 I know that luck in your eye, Andy.
 But yeah, they thought that you could like get science, and you could also get miracles,
 and there was sort of an in-between that there was an invisible realm that was affecting
 our realm.
 And the X Club were more like no sciences, science, and religion shouldn't get involved,
 and all that kind of stuff.
 Right.
 I mean, there's these Scots.
 Wow.
 That is an inch.
 Oh, yeah.
 They had a lot of little phrases and words that we use on Sci-Stay, came from these nine people
 in a room.
 Huxley came up with the term agnostic, I guess the concept of agnostic, to go with it as
 well, survival of the fittest.
 That was Herbert Spencer.
 I think Herbert Spencer also invented what was like the original paperclip as well.
 So he had a lot of, he had a prototype thing that held papers together, and he argued
 that.
 I was basically there.
 Bet no one's done this before.
 Yeah.
 Was it Huxley who invented agnostic?
 It was, wasn't it?
 Yeah.
 Because he did it to overcome social awkwardness, because he was at gatherings of the metaphysical
 society, and it was all either atheists or religious people who had their denomination.
 And he said he felt like historical fox, when after leaving the trap in which his tail remained,
 he presented himself to his normally elongated companions, so I think the tail is the label
 that everyone else had, and he's got no tail.
 What?
 Yeah, I know.
 Look, I'm not saying he had a way with words, but I'm not saying I necessarily delivered it.
 He was a scientist.
 But, you know, he said, he felt like he didn't have a label.
 He felt like he was a fox without a tail.
 And so he called himself agnostic, because good diagnostics were people who claim to know
 everything.
 And he was saying, I don't know anything.
 So, yeah, and then he said, I pranced back into the next meeting of the society, like a fox,
 you know.
 I'll stop with the fox thing.
 No, it's not working.
 It's not working.
 It's got an ex in it.
 That's how it's got an ex in it, yeah.
 And so they would like, they would all meet together, and a lot of it was down to Lubbock's
 wife, Lady Lubbock, and she would organise all of the get-togethers.
 And then when she died in 1879, basically went into decline.
 So Lady Lubbock, she was the daughter of a guy who founded the Pit Rivers Museum in Oxford,
 so she was already part of that world.
 But yeah, she married this Lubbock guy.
 She died.
 Then they kind of stopped going to the meetings, and they all got a bit old, and they started
 to get sick.
 And so they couldn't meet on cold nights anymore.
 And basically, they just all became very grumpy old men.
 It's classic men and friendships.
 It really is.
 Your wife is not making you go and be friends.
 You just stay home and then die.
 I mean, yeah, it's not good, you know?
 I mean, that's life, it's what we like, yeah.
 I did read it, it declined until the very last meeting was in 1889, just two of them left,
 and they were just there for the evening, and they sort of said, well, this hasn't really
 worked, has it?
 Maybe that was 1893, 1889 was when they had their final row, when Huxley ridiculed in the
 Times, Spencer's a priori reasoning against land socialism, devastating.
 There's a slightly interesting moment, which is connected to the main fact, which is, I
 think it was 1892, Tesla came, Nicola Tesla came to do a speech in the very room that we're
 in right now, and it's highly likely that one of the members of X were in the room listening
 to that speech as well.
 So at one point, Tesla and X were in the same room.
 There was one guy as well called John Tindall, who used to do lectures in here as well, and
 he was one of the members of X, and there's a great lecture that happened here.
 It's a real seminal one, it happened on the 1st of February, 1878, and it was the first time
 that the telephone was publicly shown to members of the public, right?
 So I think scientists had seen it, it had been displayed in academic circles, but so they
 showed it here for the very first time.
 And because they had basically 10 minutes of spare time at the end, they went, "Oh, let's
 show you another new invention," it's called the phonograph.
 They made a recording in the room live, and then they played it back to the room.
 So John Tindall did a recording of a Tennyson poem, and Tennyson was in the audience listening
 to it being done, and he was so blown away by it that he then spent a large part of the
 rest of his career recording onto the vinyl, because he just saw this is the most magical
 thing that we have, I say vinyl the early days of, do you imagine the phone and the vinyl
 player?
 Why didn't they play the vinyl down the phone?
 Oh yeah, like a voicemail.
 Sorry, Tennyson, I'm not in right now.
 Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show, and that is Andy.
 My fact is, in Cambodia, there is a special hotline for fishermen to ring if they accidentally
 catch a fish that is too big.
 How do you accidentally catch a fish?
 Yeah, well, you get a bite, you tug away for a bit, and then you haul it in, and then it's
 much bigger than you thought it was.
 Much bigger than you thought it was, basically.
 So, is this a very special type of fish, or is it just any big fish?
 It is the Mekong Giant Catfish.
 So cool.
 This is one of the most amazing fish in the world.
 It's just about the largest freshwater fish in the world.
 Before you shout out, I know, one or two stingrays have been bigger, I know.
 But that's why I said, among the largest freshwater fish in the world, they get up to three
 metres long, they weigh up to 300 kilos.
 Wow.
 It's a bigger than the pencil.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 The world record is pretty much in the ballpark that you said, so 2.7 metres and weigh 293 kilograms,
 and that means you could make about 10,000 fish fingers out of it.
 No, that would be a good and noble way for that fish to die.
 I mean, once it's dead, it's in bird's eyes, or I'm in his hands, I'm on deck.
 So basically, the problem is, the Mekong Giant Catfish, they're a wonderful fish, and as
 they get older and bigger, they can produce more offspring.
 So, the really big, old ones can produce, I think, 20 times as many offspring as even
 a 50 kilo fish. 50 kilos is not tiny, but they get so much bigger.
 But they, you know, millions of people rely on the Mekong River, there's lots and lots of
 fishing, there's lots of pollution, there are dams in the way, there's overfishing, all
 sorts of things.
 So the fish are getting a lot smaller, you know, because the bigger, all the ones have been
 caught, and they're not getting a chance to grow to their full size.
 So, there is this wonderful new team.
 They have launched the Mekong Fish App, and the fishermen have downloaded the app basically,
 and there's a rapid response team, and if you accidentally find yourself pulling a 200
 kilo catfish into your boat, you just get on the blower, they come down, they tag it, they
 re-release it, and I think in nine months, 92 Mekong Fish, which have been accidentally caught,
 have been returned to the water, and they do a little ritual, they'll sprinkle it with
 flowers, which must absolutely blow its mind, like what the hell is this?
 And then, and then they chuck it back in.
 Maybe that's why they're getting caught so much these days, so you'd check out this flower thing,
 it's insane.
 No, they put you back in, it's nuts, they don't even, this lady comes, she tags you, you
 back in.
 Yeah.
 So, it's a very clever thing to do, yeah, yeah, it's a good thing.
 It's important, because these fish, they're getting smaller as well, and they could be hard
 pressed to find one that's even half the size of that one that we mentioned earlier.
 And the reason is, because in the past, people were catching the biggest ones, because
 they're the biggest, that's the easiest to find, and then over generations, they just get
 smaller and smaller, because the smaller one survived.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And it's quite a good thing, you know, that I think generally speaking, because the Mekong
 is in quite a lot of countries, but most of these countries now are all trying to do something
 to help these catfish.
 Yes, I think it's half a dozen countries the Mekong goes through, and it floods massively,
 and it's full of smaller fish to eat, which is all the reason it can't get so big.
 There was one caught in the 1980s, I love this.
 It took a hundred men, two hours to land.
 Nice.
 Right.
 A hundred men.
 What are the 99 men doing who aren't holding the rod?
 They're just doing, like, encouraging.
 They're in the pub going, "Pull!"
 Now, my wife's at home, she said, "I had to come."
 Yeah.
 Have you guys ever seen fighting chairs?
 I think anyone who's sort of like into fishing is familiar with fighting chairs, but they're
 so cool.
 Yeah, if you've got any respectable fishing boat that you're going out into catch vaguely
 big fish, a tuner or a marlin, then fishermen strap themselves into a fighting chair.
 The fighting chair is bolted onto the boat through the boat.
 You stick your feet into these footholders, so you've got something to push your heels against,
 and it's so that when you catch a big fish, you fight it, and the fights can last so long,
 so I found one fish fight.
 It was in 1990, it was a marlin, and it was caught by a guy called Schumacher, and he was in the
 chair for how long do you think all together?
 This one was two hours, so I'll say two hours, ten minutes.
 Nice.
 Thank you.
 Appreciate that.
 Do you want to come in and absolutely translate this?
 Sixteen years.
 [laughter]
 Thanks a lot, Dan.
 Twenty-three hours.
 Wow.
 Twenty-three hours in the chair.
 Twenty-two hours, he said, I'm really sorry, I'm desperate for the Lou, and he took a bath
 and a break, and then he came back and took a shower.
 Twenty-two hours.
 Twenty-two hours, he lost it.
 That's more impressive.
 And what?
 Does the tuner just go, "Okay, well, well, why are you going to the toilet?"
 Fers bad.
 Tuna just won't pull for a bit.
 The tuner's been bursting for a piss for ages.
 They respect the rules.
 His mate took the line for a while.
 I'm right.
 Could his mate not have helped in the first twenty-two hours?
 [laughter]
 He got a lot of beers to get through in those cool boxes.
 Anyway, the fish won.
 Got away in the end.
 Good.
 Yeah, nice.
 Aw.
 Wicked.
 There's a lot of species of catfish.
 There's like thousands, and they're all over the world.
 I've got a quiz question for you, though.
 Oh, great.
 Okay.
 So, in Florida, there is fish farms where they don't farm catfish, but the farmers have had
 to erect fences around their ponds to protect them.
 Why?
 Stop fish from outside getting in and eating their fish.
 Jumping in.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Stop flying fish getting in and eating their fish.
 Yeah.
 Like, yes.
 But.
 [laughter]
 But.
 QED.
 But no, as well.
 Is he right or not?
 No.
 What do you mean flying fish?
 Fish that, like, would have chartered an airline?
 We don't know. Fish would jump over the net from other...
 Okay, so let's imagine there's a landmass in between another body of water.
 Oh, then I don't know.
 Okay, but it must be close, right?
 Because otherwise, you wouldn't have...
 Yeah.
 Is it like...
 Is it people throwing fish into it from...
 That's good.
 No.
 Is it?
 Right.
 There's a forest fire.
 [laughter]
 And a helicopter picks up loads of water from the ocean, drops it prematurely, and all
 the fish from its load fall into the poll, like it.
 And how's the fence that is standing vertically?
 [laughter]
 It's a really eye fence.
 Yeah, right.
 Sorry.
 There are some fish that can walk.
 Catfish can walk.
 It is insane.
 Catfish can walk like 1.2 miles.
 They can...
 That's crazy.
 They can stay out of water for about 18 hours, just walking along.
 And they kept going in these ponds, and so they were like, "Stay out of my pond."
 And they had to build fences.
 Imagine building a fence to stop fish from walking into your pond.
 [laughter]
 That's incredible.
 That's incredible.
 That's incredible.
 But they can do it.
 It's an extraordinary thing.
 And there's even a new word that's been invented called "reffling," which describes the
 method by which catfish walk along.
 They use their mouth.
 They use their tail.
 They use their body.
 Reffling.
 They "reffle" along.
 Yeah.
 And it's a word.
 It's now a word.
 Sounds like crawling.
 I don't mean to denigrate the catfish well done then, but that doesn't sound like walking.
 I've got a child who's on the cusp of walking, but who mostly crawls, and I don't
 confuse the two.
 I don't keep saying, "Oh my god, he's walking."
 And people go, "What?
 He's on his hands and knees."
 Well, you would expect a walking catfish to just get up on two legs.
 [laughter]
 That's not true.
 Long.
 Yeah.
 Browing a tux.
 Yeah.
 And on fish conservation, their inventors of Roomba, the Hoover, have got involved in fish
 conservation, they've invented a Hoover to Hoover up fish.
 [laughter]
 A bit.
 Yeah.
 Because if you do want to eat well.
 Sounds bad.
 It does, but what they're doing is they're hooping up a fish that hovers up other fish.
 So, the lionfish is invasive in the Atlantic.
 It's from the Pacific.
 It got over there.
 Probably that bloody Panama Canal.
 And it's got no native predators.
 [laughter]
 Enemy of the Paco Canal.
 Enemy of the Paco Canal.
 [laughter]
 Who thought that was a good idea?
 All the lionfish came over and they can reduce the population of the fish on a reef by 80%
 very, very quickly.
 They can eat 20 fish an hour, so that's within five weeks they can reduce the population
 by 80%.
 So, the Roomba guys have got a remote controlled Hoover that they pop into the water and it's
 controlled with like a game controller, PlayStation controller, whatever, from a ship, from
 a boat.
 And it's got two arms, this little robot thing that's stunned the fish and then it sucks
 it into a tube and then it plops it into a tank like your Hoover bag and then it gets sold
 to restaurants and it stops eating.
 I know, I thought I'd skate over that bit quite a bit.
 No, no, no, no.
 So, that was a happier ending than I thought would happen before the fish.
 Did you, the big gold restaurants?
 Right.
 It's how he wants to go.
 I thought it was just a big mincing machine in the Hoover bag or something.
 I'll be honest, in the restaurant there's probably some kind of big mixing machine going
 on as well.
 That's true.
 What a weird business pivot for Roomba.
 If you imagine, they're like, we become a household name, they're all sitting all the
 shareholders in the room.
 What's next, boss?
 Can we do it anywhere but carpets?
 Have you tried?
 No.
 So is it happening?
 It is happening quite a small scale.
 It was also the idea of a guy called Colin Angle of Angling and fish have scales of a small
 scale and so you're welcome.
 Thank you, Dan, for next time don't need that but thank you.
 Okay, but it might be, it might be rolled out in a bigger way.
 Yeah, it has, it's one of these ideas that has not been rolled.
 It's not saving all the fish life but it's safe.
 If you have to have a person controlling it every single one, that's a good idea.
 I think you have to send gamers out, take them out of their attic, put them on ships.
 Probably you can get AI to do it now and just say all that and like just chat GBT will
 see a picture of it and go, that's a picture of Nick Clegg.
 No, I don't think it's a lie of it.
 Oh yes, sorry, it's a lie of it.
 Good point.
 Meanwhile, Nick Clegg's being attacked by what a thousand rubles.
 This is a movie that has to get made.
 Then you're in the restaurant.
 I think I'll have...
 Darling.
 Darling.
 It can't be.
 It looks.
 No.
 Can I have that one that looks like Nick Clegg?
 Okay, that is it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things we've said on this podcast,
 we're all online.
 You can find us and we're going to be back again next week with another live episode from
 the Royal Institution.
 Thank you everyone for being here.
 We really appreciate it and we will see you again.
 Good bye.
 [Applause]
 [Music]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
