 (ding, ding, ding)
 (speaking in foreign language)
 (ding, ding, ding, ding, ding)
 (speaking in foreign language)
 - Hello and welcome to another episode
 of "No Such Thing as a Fish",
 a weekly podcast this week coming to you live
 from Glasgow!
 (cheering)
 (audience cheering)
 My name is Dan Schreiber
 and I am sitting here with Andrew Hunter-Marie,
 Annatuzinski and James Harkin.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days
 and in no particular order.
 Here we go, starting with you, James.
 - Okay, my fact this week is,
 when a very large star quietly turns into a black hole
 without the usual explosion,
 the official term used by astronomers is a massive fail.
 (audience laughing)
 - A star, as if it wasn't embarrassed enough.
 It wasn't able to make the explosion.
 - Well, it turns out that about 30% of massive stars
 turn into massive fails.
 And they found this out quite recently.
 They were looking at an area of the universe
 called the Firework Galaxy,
 where there's loads of supernovas.
 So when it explodes, when you've got a big star
 and it explodes, it's called a supernova.
 And eventually that turns into a black hole,
 but sometimes it's happening without the supernova.
 And this area called the Firework Galaxy
 had loads of supernovas.
 But the work quite as many as they thought there should be,
 and they couldn't work out why.
 And then they were looking at a star called N6946-BH1.
 - My uncle's called that, so that's a nozzly name.
 - There's a prisoner number, isn't it?
 (audience laughing)
 When he's out in five years, you'll regret saying that.
 (audience laughing)
 And they noticed that it wasn't there anymore in it,
 it just kind of quietly dissipated.
 This is a thing that happens
 that they've only just found out in the last six months or so.
 - But I think massive fail is a really unfair way
 to characterize it, because so basically, yes,
 the way stars turn into black holes is,
 it was thought that they turn into a supernova, as you said,
 and so there's this huge explosion.
 And then they suddenly shrink into a black hole.
 But then these stars aren't doing the explosion,
 but that actually means that they don't blow away
 as much of the debris.
 So apparently supernova blow off a lot of the stars outer layers.
 And so therefore, there's not as much gravitational pull
 left to make a massive black hole.
 So actually, the massive fails make a massive hole,
 a bigger hole than the massive successes
 or whatever they call the supernova once.
 - I didn't know the black holes are not really holes.
 - Yeah, what did you think they were?
 - I thought they were holes.
 - Oh, yeah, of course.
 - I had the idea.
 (all laughing)
 - I could probably even firt that
 from your previous sense of the stuff.
 - I think I made it.
 (all laughing)
 - But they're not, they're not, they're the opposite of holes.
 Do you guys know this, black holes are the opposite of holes?
 - What's the opposite of a hole?
 - Like a sticky out thing.
 - Just a big bulge.
 - Well, yeah, they're really, really full.
 They're fuller than anything you've ever seen in your life,
 because they're so dense.
 So for example, so how much do they weigh?
 Okay, they could have a mass greater
 than 20 times the mass of our sun.
 And the really big ones can have a mass equal to four million
 suns, as they're the extremely large supermassive black holes.
 But they are everything crunched inwards.
 - Yeah.
 - So it's just like a very large body,
 which has been crunched down to a tiny size.
 - They could be any size really.
 Basically, it's the density that's the important thing.
 So you can have tiny ones, you can have massive ones.
 You could be a black hole.
 If I squash you down to the size of about a tenth,
 the size of a neutrino, you would be a black hole.
 - Okay, but you and me would fall out.
 (audience laughing)
 - If the earth got about as dense as a black hole,
 if you were crunching it down to the roughly the density
 of a black hole, it would be about the size of an eyeball.
 It would be about two centimeters across.
 - Wow.
 - That density.
 - And the whole point of it is,
 the gravity is so strong, light can't get out of there.
 You can't get to the escape velocity
 because light can only go at a certain speed.
 And so nothing can escape,
 because light is the fastest thing that there is.
 And if light can't get out, then nothing can.
 - Although, that's the thing about black holes
 has been challenged over the last few years, isn't it?
 And by Stephen Hawking, who, yeah.
 So it was assumed that black holes did have
 this strong gravitational pull
 that would mean that everything just disappeared into them.
 But it turns out they do what is referred to as a cosmic burp.
 And this apparently is when they consume so much,
 they overeat, they eat so much stuff
 that they're almost a force-fed huge amounts of gas
 and they can't swallow it all, so it's spits on back out.
 - That's amazing.
 It's really hard researching black holes,
 'cause I guess we don't really know fully what they are.
 It's all hypothetical.
 And as a result, they do stuff.
 All the headlines I was looking into
 is colorful language, like they burp stuff up.
 Or I read one that I got excited by,
 which was a black hole caught having a post-lunch nap
 after it eats solar system.
 And I was like, this is gonna be great.
 And then it was not.
 - What did you think it was going to be?
 When he said he was always gonna be great,
 did you think they were gonna describe the fold-out bed
 that they had all set up in their office?
 - I don't know.
 I clicked on it just optimistically not thinking anything.
 - Yeah.
 - So the stage before a black hole
 is a thing called a neutron star.
 So this is where a star collapses
 and it doesn't collapse with quite enough force
 to become a black hole,
 but it does become a thing called a neutron star,
 which is very, very, very dense,
 but not as dense as a black hole.
 So this is very cool.
 A sugar cube of neutron star would weigh on Earth a billion tons.
 - Yeah.
 - And?
 - It's hard to imagine what a billion tons is, isn't it, really?
 - Yeah, it's like, imagine a billion one-ton elephants
 can I put it that way?
 (audience laughing)
 - Wow.
 - Yeah, exactly, right?
 - And.
 - So both of us, it's pretty difficult to pick up
 your cup of tea, I think.
 (audience laughing)
 That's gonna break the china.
 - Well, so this is the cool thing.
 If you drop a marshmallow onto a neutron star,
 if you're ever in a position to do so.
 (audience laughing)
 It's got such a strong gravitational pull
 that the impact will be the same as an atomic bomb,
 because of the amount of gravity
 pulling the marshmallows towards it.
 Do you guys know when the first supernova was recorded
 on Earth?
 - No.
 - The year 3,600 BC.
 - Hmm.
 - Yeah, it's this, so this is a paper that's been put forward.
 It was found in Kashmir on a cave wall.
 It was a cave painting, which had two bright glowing objects
 in the sky.
 And so this paper is putting forward the idea
 that it was the first recording of it,
 because the people in context of the painting
 weren't hunter-gatherers.
 They were in a very separate situation.
 So they looked at it very cleverly
 by going, "How can we prove
 that our theory is right?"
 It's a supernova.
 And there's something amazing about supernovas
 that have been logged.
 They, you know, it can happen back in 3,600
 and it was glowing in the sky.
 But the remnants of it still exist.
 You can still look for bits of it in the sky.
 So they've actually been able to look at one specific supernova
 and date it to roughly that period.
 So it's called HB9.
 That's the supernova that they believe it is.
 And they think 3,600 years ago in Kashmir
 first ever supernova recording.
 - And they named it after a pencil.
 - Yeah.
 (audience laughing)
 That's actually my auntie's name in Australia.
 (audience laughing)
 - There was a supernova in 1054,
 which was visible all over Europe.
 Europe was the best place to see it.
 It was visible in the daytime for three weeks.
 And at night time it was so bright
 that it cast shadows on people on earth.
 Okay, it was absolutely massive.
 But no one in Europe wrote about it.
 - Why not?
 - So it's written about in China.
 It was written about you can see it in cave paintings
 and stuff like that in other parts of the world.
 Basically there was a schism going on between
 the Roman Catholic church and the Orthodox church
 at the time.
 And apparently both sides thought that it would be
 an ill omen.
 And so no one wrote about it at all.
 And they just kind of ignored it.
 And it's like, what's that?
 I want nothing.
 (audience laughing)
 That's amazing.
 - You do get rogue black holes.
 These rebellious black holes
 that do wander around the universe.
 So a lot of black holes are at the center of galaxies
 and the vast majority that we've detected
 are at the center of galaxies.
 But you get some that don't have their own galaxy
 and they've only been detected recently.
 But it's kind of thought that they've basically
 had their galaxy stolen off them.
 So this is weird.
 This is what astronomers call mergers.
 It's like a financial terminology.
 But a minor merger is when a larger black hole
 eats up all the stuff that's circling around
 a smaller black hole.
 And then those poor black holes
 that have had their equipment stolen,
 they just spiral off into space
 and they're just bouncing around space.
 Oh, it's thought maybe they bump into another black hole
 to put it extremely crudely
 in a way that an astronomer would faint at.
 And yeah, they crash into another black hole
 and they propelled away into space.
 So there are lone black holes just
 be looking for a mate.
 But I think it's very cowboy-maveric black holes
 who don't give a damn with any of the things
 that are on the mission of vengeance to get that stuff back.
 Yeah, there's sexy black holes.
 Hey, why really like about this fact
 is the massive hole-- sorry, the massive fail bit?
 So what I love is the massive fail thing.
 Because astronomers have a really good sense of humor.
 There's a lot of jokes and a lot of just little acronym
 puns that happen.
 I found a couple.
 There's one that's called the collaboration between Australian
 and Nippon for Gamma Ray Observatory in the Outback
 or Candaro.
 Very nice.
 There's the package for the interactive analysis
 of line-amission or point of veil.
 One word.
 OK.
 One to veil.
 OK.
 [LAUGHTER]
 That's the top of the cloud.
 There's another one.
 There's a star that's been named after Vladimir Putin.
 Unfortunately, it's been named by Ukrainian astronomers
 who've named it Putin Hulio, or Hulow, which roughly translates
 as Putin is a dickhead.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And that's a star in the sky.
 It only costs $10 to do it.
 But it's quite nice that it's Ukrainian astronomers
 who officially did it.
 They do.
 They're famously in the astronomy circles.
 Good with acronyms.
 It's kind of like doctors.
 So you go to big astronomy conferences.
 And there's just all these presentations
 that are based on acronyms.
 So, yeah, I think there's poopsy, which
 is phase one observing proposal system.
 There's super-huge inter-ferometric telescope, which is--
 SHIT.
 SHIT.
 It's shit, Glasgow.
 I mean, probably if you're not more comfortable saying that.
 Normally, when audiences are all shouting shit,
 they're telling it to me.
 [LAUGHTER]
 There's this one that is absolutely pushing it too far.
 So this is what it's called.
 And this was a name for a workshop, a big astronomy conference.
 And it was titled "Testing Astroparticle
 with the New Gev Observations, Positrons, and Electrons,
 Identifying the Sources."
 It's too long.
 I forgot what the first letter was, because I know.
 It's Tango in Paris.
 Oh.
 It's too long.
 I imagine if someone got that.
 You would have only had to have listened.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Oh, yeah.
 Imagine the brain, the cause of it.
 I've reached that conclusion.
 So speaking of "Imagine the Brain,"
 we should probably be talking black holes at the death
 this week of Jim Bowen.
 What is it?
 [LAUGHTER]
 No, Stephen Hawking, of course, very much into black holes.
 Hawking radiation is what he's famous for, which
 is the fact that black holes get smaller over time
 by very, very small amounts.
 And he discovered that.
 He had quite a good sense of humor, didn't he?
 Yeah.
 I think.
 Amazing guy, yeah.
 His Tango in Paris joke didn't get down so well.
 [LAUGHTER]
 There's all this stuff.
 I love those.
 The official biography of him that came out in 2012
 was by a lady called Kitty Ferguson, very good biography.
 And she wrote in it that there was a rumor
 that Hawking used to run over the toes of people
 who annoyed him.
 And he would do it sort of subtly
 as if he was just turning around or something like that.
 And while she was writing the book,
 because she had access to him and asked him the questions,
 she said, is this true, this rumor that you do this?
 And he said, it is a malicious rumor.
 I'll run over to anyone who repeats it.
 [LAUGHTER]
 He was a wild wheelchair driver, though.
 Like years ago, when he was able to do whatever he wanted
 with his wheelchair.
 And a colleague said that he used to show off a lot with his tricks.
 So he used to do a lot of spins.
 He used to drive his wheelchair incredibly fast.
 He actually once broke his hip crashing into a wall
 in a show off stunt that got out of hand.
 Yeah.
 So the time was trying to section of Stephen Hawking's stories,
 basically, and things he'd done.
 There was a time where he was appearing on News Night.
 And he was in the pre-phase.
 They were getting the studio ready for him
 and they were setting up all the lights.
 And one of the producers pulled out a lead for one of the lights
 and Hawking immediately slumped over in his turn.
 [LAUGHTER]
 The producer absolutely freaks out.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Thinking he had killed Stephen Hawking.
 Kept round off to get some up.
 Came back a few minutes later, found him giggling and falling.
 What a guy!
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 OK, it is time for fact number two.
 And that is Chazinski.
 My fact this week is that Levi Jeans are set on fire
 before they're sold.
 And this is specifically by Jeans.
 One's with holes in them or like distressed bits on them,
 like rips or bits that look cool.
 And they've been on fire in the factory.
 That's how they do this.
 So there's been a lot of coverage lately
 about how Levi is changing the way it distresses its jeans
 because it's got new laser technology, which
 allows it to make its jeans look really worn.
 Just with lasers rather than by hand.
 And yeah, if you fire a laser at Jeans, obviously,
 it can set them on fire.
 And that's how you get the effect of the holes in jeans.
 And if you're going to believe by a factory,
 or many Jeans factories also use kind of laser technology,
 then it just smells of smoke all the time
 because you're sort of setting Jeans on fire all the time.
 But this is really good because the previous way
 they did it was really bad, basically, right?
 Yeah, people having to do it.
 Yeah, you basically had people getting a pair of jeans,
 putting them on mannequins, and just scrubbing them with sandpaper
 and with chemicals, and they get very sick.
 I certainly would say put them on and set themselves on fire.
 In 2014, there was a Japanese brand which,
 to get their jeans distressed, they were called Zoo Jeans.
 And they had jeans which lions, tigers, and bears
 had attacked in a zoo.
 They only made three pairs, but I don't really
 think you want to wear those, do you?
 Because once a bear has gotten the taste for those jeans.
 It's true, it'll go in a mission of gene vengeance for you.
 Well, it was so clear how they did it.
 So they took old tires and giant rubber rings
 and things that animals and zoos are given to play with.
 They wrapped them in a sheet of denim,
 gave them to the animals, animals went rip, rip, rip.
 And then they took, as they said, the most fashionable remnants.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And they turned those into a pair of jeans.
 Very cool.
 Well, they also have got people to wear down jeans
 for potential consumers.
 So this is a Welsh denim label good here.
 And they, in 2014, they hired 50 men to break in their jeans.
 So they made, they hired all these men,
 and they had to wear these jeans for six months non-stop.
 So wear them every single day, whatever they did.
 And they weren't allowed to wash them.
 And so there was, I read an interview with one of the guys.
 He said he wore them every day for everything.
 He played rugby in them.
 And he cut to them.
 So, you know, cooking spills.
 He did carpentry in them.
 He was a carpenter.
 He sunbathe.
 He cycled every day.
 He sun-baved in them.
 He did.
 He did not get a good tan.
 But then that's to kind of make them seem worn.
 And then they were auctioned off.
 And, you know, they got a few hundred pounds each for them.
 A few hundred pounds for six months' work, though.
 I don't know.
 It's not a good rate, is it?
 I hope the carpentry business worked out.
 Apparently, if you wear jeans and you commit a crime,
 they're kind of like a fingerprint.
 The police can tell the jeans they wear.
 And if they catch you on CCTV and the CCTV is good enough,
 they have a unique wear pattern.
 So, if you're caught on film, they can look at them.
 And they can tell that these are the actual jeans
 that were used in the robbery.
 As in the specific pair.
 Or they can tell that that was all he's wearing skinny jeans.
 No, no, they can tell the actual pair.
 So, like, let's say you have been playing rugby
 and sunbathing in a pair of jeans,
 or you've just been walking down the street.
 They look slightly different.
 And there are forensic people who can tell the difference
 between what you've been doing
 and can tell your jeans from someone else's jeans.
 Wow.
 What you should do is just have a pair of crime jeans.
 Oh, yeah.
 And when they're forensic, guys,
 like I said, well, these jeans have only been used for crime.
 We could.
 And then you keep them in a drawer.
 When you're out crime.
 They can't be used as armour, jeans, in a way.
 Because there was a guy in Pennsylvania a couple of years ago
 whose strange wife attacked him with a box cutter
 to his genitals.
 But his jeans were so thick that they
 stopped him from getting injured.
 Wow.
 It's a little tip for you.
 A little tip?
 A little tip?
 That's all he lost in the fight.
 Wow.
 Did it rebound off the cloth or did it--
 Yes, so there was a rip in the jeans,
 but she couldn't get through the jean fabric
 because it was really thick in the crotch area.
 Wow.
 Handy.
 Very.
 There's sometimes the process of making jeans is quite intense.
 So there's sometimes bakes, which to get that worn look.
 They're repeatedly washed.
 So they used to be sand blasted.
 But the new way of doing it with lasers
 is it takes 90 seconds, I think, to make a pair of jeans
 look like it's been worn for a year.
 Or is it used to take about half an hour?
 But do you know why-- so this is all kind of technology
 that Levi is at the forefront of?
 But do you know what made them famous?
 Why do we think they--
 What made Levi's famous?
 Yeah.
 Early jeans.
 Yeah, I thought they were like the first--
 Levi Strauss made the first jeans.
 Yeah.
 So it didn't invent jeans.
 What he invented was, you know, the weird bits of metal--
 The rivets?
 The rivets in your jeans and that no one knows why the hell
 they're there.
 That's what Levi invented.
 So--
 That's what they're there to protect the genitals
 from your estranged wife, which you can tell you.
 Bizarrely, they didn't, because they
 had to get rid of them specifically on the crotch.
 Because if people were outdoors back in today,
 leaning over a fire, they would suddenly
 heap their genitals up.
 That was the biggest complaint.
 It was like, I was having a nice time by the fire
 when my balls lit on fire.
 But yeah, those metal bits actually keep them together.
 And I've always wondered what they're for.
 And they were invented in 1871 by a guy who
 came to Levi Strauss who marketed them.
 And they keep jeans together.
 So jeans used to just fall apart before that,
 because they didn't have that strengthening technology.
 And that's what they did.
 And they also put the tiny pointless pocket in,
 which, you know, that pocket that's inside the pocket.
 We know what that's for?
 Yeah.
 Yeah, it's for pocket watches, which
 haven't existed for about a century.
 And yet, still they are in jeans.
 OK.
 Yeah.
 That's good.
 And really, I think the patent for it,
 everyone assumes it's the denim, but it's actually
 the rivets when they actually filed the patent.
 That was the big thing that they were trademarking.
 That's cool.
 Yeah.
 This sort of stuff on lasers.
 Oh, yeah.
 And you know, the parrots have been flying through lasers
 recently, because this is--
 So scientists want to make better drones.
 They want to make us work out technology
 for how to fly better.
 And so they've been investigating how birds fly.
 And there was a study done, I think, last year.
 But there was a study done that looked at the flight of a parrot.
 But they needed to investigate exactly
 how they flap their wings when they take off.
 And so what they did was it was actually a parrot-let, which
 I really like.
 It's like a really tiny parrot.
 But what they did is they had it fly
 through a bunch of aerosol particles in the air that
 were then lit up with lasers, because they're so precise.
 So then you can have the aerosol particles all illuminated.
 And then the lasers kind of show what kind of wing
 movements they're making.
 And so they found out how birds' wings moves when they fly.
 And then we can use that in drone technology.
 But what's quite sweet is that obviously going through lasers
 is quite damaging for you.
 So if you look it up, they designed tiny pairs of goggles
 for the parrots to protect them from the lasers.
 Parrotlets as well.
 Parrotlets.
 Yeah, so they're tiny little glasses.
 Really tiny, yeah.
 It's almost as sweet as not making a parrot fly
 through a load of lasers.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I imagine Parrotlets would block children
 with parrots with Hava La Sholda.
 In person.
 In person four.
 OK, it is time for fact number three.
 And that is my fact this week.
 Thomas Edison tested over 1,600 different materials
 to find the right filament for the inside of his light bulbs,
 including fishing lines, cardboard,
 and hairs from the red beard of an old friend.
 Imagine if that had been the most successful as well.
 Yeah.
 All light bulbs would have to be full of red beard here by now.
 It did turn on.
 It would be excellent for the economy of Scotland.
 It would be good.
 [LAUGHTER]
 A risky comment.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah, so this is one of those stories that
 is Thomas Edison as a character.
 So clouded in apocryphal stories and legends and so on.
 But this was reported in a number of official biographies
 by him.
 But the story goes that they were trying
 to work out how to make the light bulbs
 of the original light bulb he was doing
 last longer than a few hours or so on.
 That was-- they had a limit on it.
 And he tried over supposedly 1,600 things.
 And when it was 1,600 things, it would be like--
 they used like 40 different varieties of bamboo.
 So that would be part of the list, for example.
 There wasn't completely random things,
 like ripping beards off and so on.
 But one of the stories from an official biography
 says that a friend of his of old days, who
 was his boss at a station, at a railroad station,
 that he worked at when he was younger,
 called Mr. McKenzie, came in.
 He was a really fun character.
 And Edison, as a joke, said, why don't we
 try it with your red beard?
 Took off the strands, put it in.
 It did go up.
 And it had a red light, as it went up as well, which
 was nice, yeah.
 And yeah, so--
 Actually, when they did that, there
 was a competition between McKenzie
 and another guy called John Creucey.
 And they wanted to have a competition whose beard
 would be best inside the--
 Oh, really?
 Yeah.
 And Creucey, he was Swiss, and he had a big black bushy beard.
 McKenzie was more bristly and straight,
 and they had a competition.
 And McKenzie was the winner.
 But actually, they were both pretty shit.
 What was the thing that won, excuse my ignorance,
 and out of these 1600 things, was it the--
 Well, now we use what tungsten or something, don't we?
 Oh, yeah.
 But it was bamboo at the time.
 Wasn't it-- oh, sort of a bamboo film, I think, was what he is.
 So it was bamboo to start off with.
 He found Japanese bamboo, and he sent a team of explorers
 to South America, and they found some really good bamboo.
 But then they got confused, and they forgot where they found it.
 So they brought some back, but they couldn't remember
 where they got it from.
 So then he had to send another guy called James Recalton
 out to the jungles around the world, actually.
 Sri Lanka, Burma, Malaysia, India, all over.
 For a year, he looked around for the best perfect bamboo.
 And he got to Sri Lanka, and he found this bamboo.
 It was amazing, and it was going to be perfect for the light bulb.
 And he got home to Edison, and he said, I've got this bamboo.
 And Edison said, oh, we're using carbon now.
 Oh.
 Oh.
 And then carbon was the final thing that he used.
 That's really harsh.
 Yeah, it's quite funny though.
 You could at least have said, oh, thank you.
 This looks great.
 Thank you.
 Great.
 And then, quietly, he said, we're going to use the carbon.
 I'd like to have a few days of thinking he'd won.
 The amazing thing about the carbon, actually,
 that was invented by a guy called Lewis Howard Latimer.
 And he was an African-American drassman
 who was a son of an escaped slave.
 But the amazing thing about him is he
 invented the carbon filament, which made Edison's millions.
 But he was also the drassman who drew up the patent
 for Alexander Graham Bell's telephone.
 Wow.
 So he's made those two massive things.
 The big rivalry.
 But his light bulb was obviously very revolutionary,
 even though he didn't technically invent the light bulb.
 But I guess he was extremely good at PR, Edison.
 So he had this invention factory, which
 made sure they turned out the best inventions.
 And one good PR move he made was in 1884 on Halloween.
 So employees of the Edison Electric Lighting Company,
 they paraded up and down New York
 with light bulbs strapped to their heads.
 So they all had to--
 Everyone thought they were having an amazing idea.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Maybe that's where that came from.
 But yeah, this is amazing.
 It was a show off the new light bulbs, which
 had just been invented.
 And there was a huge horse-drawn generator
 in the middle of all these hundreds
 of employees of the factory, horse-drawn generator,
 which changed steam into electricity.
 So there's this big kind of steam powered machine
 in the middle.
 And then hundreds of people who were held together
 with wire that was going from the light bulbs
 on their heads and down through their sleeves
 and then linking them to the next person.
 So kind of like, there's gloves that you wore as a child
 that connected to each other through your chest.
 Oh, yeah, what?
 Yeah, missions.
 No, I mean around your chest.
 [LAUGHTER]
 But yeah, they paraded through New York.
 And it was this huge PR thing in the face.
 All these people tied together with light bulbs
 flashing on their heads.
 So sorry, were they tied together because it was one chain?
 Yes.
 It was one circuit.
 Imagine if one of them had gone like in Christmas lights,
 and you'd go to testing every individual employee.
 No.
 [LAUGHTER]
 He used to do-- so for ideas, he used to do this thing.
 And this again, it's been written in a bunch of biographies.
 And a lot of people think that this really happened.
 We're not sure.
 He used to, when he was falling asleep,
 he thought that's when he had his best ideas.
 And he would think, I would have the idea.
 And then I'd fall asleep, and I'd wake up later and go,
 oh, what was that amazing idea?
 So he used to take naps during the day on a chair.
 And in his hand, he would hold metallic balls,
 just two metal balls, with a metal plate underneath him.
 So as he was going into that zone where he was having an idea
 as he was going into a nap, his hand would go loose
 when he fell into the sleep.
 The ball would land in the plate, wake him up,
 and he could immediately go, ah, that idea is amazing,
 and write it down, and have it.
 And no one's officially said that that's definitely
 the case of how he did that.
 But there's a famous statue in Florida of him,
 which people always go and visit.
 And in his hand is a metal ball, which
 gives a little nod to the fact that they think it was true.
 That's cool.
 Yeah, he was famous for taking naps,
 because he said that sleep was rubbish,
 and no one needed that much.
 And he said he only had three hours sleep a night.
 But there were all these photos of him with Henry Ford,
 who was one of his best friends of Ford fame.
 There were all these photos of him sleep.
 Henry Ford's really often awake, and he's just having a nap
 in the background, just like constant catnaps.
 And they work close him and Henry Ford.
 They were super close, yeah.
 It's like proper BFFs for life.
 They went on camping trips together.
 Yeah.
 They went-- so Edison became confined to a wheelchair
 in his later life, and Ford bought a wheelchair for himself,
 so they could have wheelchair races.
 Yeah, no way.
 Yeah, that's pretty sweet.
 And there's a thing which is quite famous,
 but maybe a lot of people haven't heard, which
 was when he died, they captured.
 They were said to do this.
 And it was handed over to Henry Ford by Edison's son,
 the last breath of Thomas Edison.
 So they had these little test tubes.
 And there was eight of them that were sitting along there.
 Breathe this last breath.
 They put in the cork afterwards.
 And if you go to this day to the Henry Ford museum,
 he has the test tube on display.
 But yeah, you don't know which is going to be the last breath.
 They must've been said that for a long time.
 Yeah.
 For months, maybe.
 You just wait that they wait for the test tube
 and say, here's the last--
 the second last breath of the day, all right.
 The third last breath.
 Final test tube.
 Yeah, I don't know.
 It's impossible.
 It's in a museum.
 Yeah.
 This won't go in, but I'll just quickly say it
 because I read it today.
 I read the last words of Rol Dahl.
 And Rol Dahl's last words, he was surrounded by his family.
 He was very ill.
 And his final words were, the thing I'm
 going to miss most is being with all of you.
 I was his final words.
 And then he went down, except it wasn't quite
 his last words, because the nurse who
 was with him thought, I'll make it easy on him
 and gave him a shot of morphine to make it go easy on the way out.
 But as she did it, he went, oh, fuck!
 And those were Rol Dahl's last words.
 It's brilliant.
 OK, it is time for our final fact of the show.
 And that is Andrew Hunter Murray.
 My fact is that it's only worth leaning over to pick up
 a 1P coin if you can do it in less than three seconds.
 Anything more than that?
 Waste of time.
 Move on.
 I reckon I could do it in that time.
 I'm sure you could.
 I'm sure you could.
 But you'd have to do it pretty much every three seconds
 for it to be worth me giving up my job.
 You would.
 Yes, yeah.
 This basically applies if you're on the median UK salary,
 which is £539 a week.
 And if you do that, assuming you work a 40-hour week,
 9 to 6 with an hour for lunch, let's say,
 you've got 2.6 seconds to do it.
 OK.
 Now, the problem is, if you are more than that, obviously,
 you have to do it a lot faster to make an economical exercise
 for you.
 So the Prime Minister, based on her current salary,
 I have assumed the 60-hour week for her, because she is busy.
 But I haven't given her an hour for lunch, don't worry.
 She would have to do it in 0.5 seconds, which is quite hard.
 That's tough.
 I've worked it out for Cristiano Ronaldo as well.
 On his current salary, he would have to do it in 0.0.2 seconds.
 And he would have to pick up 391 every second to make it work as well.
 He is quick, though.
 He is quick.
 Yeah.
 I worked it out for Philip Hammond, based on his independent
 article that estimated his income.
 So this is not just his salary.
 It's all of the money that comes in for him.
 And he would have to be able to pick it up in 0.2 seconds,
 which is, coincidentally, the limit of human reaction time.
 So he would have to immediately notice it, pick it up without any movement,
 just notice it, pick it up, notice it, pick it up.
 Basically, that's the fastest anyone can possibly pick up coins.
 I reckon, wow.
 But if he did that, he really would not be getting on with the job,
 but he-- and it is an important job he's got.
 I would say he should focus on being Chancellor,
 and then leave the coin picking to Theresa May.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Maybe that's what she's been doing.
 It's a strong plan for Brexit Britain, because it's
 looking for any coins we can find.
 [LAUGHTER]
 We've got no trade deals, but has anyone
 looked behind the sofa?
 [LAUGHTER]
 But this is partly about how the 1P is silly,
 but it's not worth very much at all.
 And there's a lot of talk of getting rid of it, right?
 So I think it's basically not worth picking it up at any point.
 You're not even allowed to pay with 1P's in more than 20 1P's.
 So I--
 So if something's 22P, you can't pay with just 1P's.
 Yeah, and I've broken the law on multiple occasions.
 Well, it's not a law, per se.
 It's that they don't have to accept it as legal tender.
 Yes.
 But if you're in one of those self-service places,
 and you can just put them in really quickly before they notice,
 then you can do as many as you want, actually.
 So yeah, there is an idea of getting rid of the 1P's and the 2P's.
 And I think Jar Jarzban wanted to do it.
 Didn't he when he was Chancellor?
 But David Cameron said we shouldn't,
 because everyone all voters out.
 And the amount of money you pay to make them
 is more than what they're worth.
 It's something like six out of 10 UK 1P and 2P's
 are only used once and then put in a jar.
 And then 1 in 12, the kinds of thrown into the bin immediately.
 And at one stage, the role meant
 was having to make 500 million 1P and 2P
 coins every year to replace those were going out of circulation.
 I do not believe anyone throws 1P coins into the bin.
 Does anyone here throw coins just into the bin?
 What it's 12 people do, so--
 No, in a charity box or into a jar.
 Straight in the bin.
 No, it's not maniac.
 But I've been tempted.
 It's completely insane, man.
 OK, so did you say 500 million a year?
 Yeah.
 Guess how many pennies the UK made in the year 1933?
 Cut.
 It's the worst game show ever.
 A billion.
 Seven.
 How are we so close?
 They made seven pennies for the whole year.
 What?
 Why did they do that?
 Because they had loads already hit us.
 So these are seven.
 But seven is a strange number, isn't it?
 You would think zero.
 Why would you need so more?
 Get the machines back up and running.
 Does anyone have seven P?
 OK, the reason for it was
 because I think the men didn't want to miss a year.
 They didn't want to have a year in which they did not make
 one of the coins at the realm.
 So they made seven--
 Oh, wait a minute.
 They must be really rare.
 That's so rare.
 So this is even rare, because three of them
 were placed by the king under the foundation
 stones of important buildings, OK?
 Two went to the British Museum, two went into private hands.
 What's buildings do we know what they are?
 I don't know.
 I think it probably is known.
 There are four prototypes coins as well.
 One of those in 2016 sold for 72,000 pounds.
 Wow.
 They're so rare that people start modifying
 a 1935 coins, because they can most easily be adapted
 and made to look like a 33 penny.
 So if you do find one of those, do hang on to it.
 They used to, in the eighth century, they had pennies,
 but they didn't have-- because things would cost less
 than a penny.
 So what they ended up doing was just they
 would chop the pennies in half.
 So if you were at a shop, you'd be like,
 I need some change.
 And they would just slice your penny into
 and give you either the quarter of a half that they--
 We had pennies as well, didn't we, half pennies?
 Yeah.
 Sorry, pennies were--
 they came about from the chopping in half.
 And actually, the design of coins in that period,
 like the eighth century, around--
 and then in the 1200s Henry II introduced
 what was called the long cross coin.
 And it was a coin where the cross figured on it,
 the Christian cross, went probably from top to bottom
 and from right to left.
 And that was to make it easier to cut.
 And so that was if you could give change,
 you could give it more easily, because you could just
 break it up.
 And then that's where--
 Actually, that's where pieces of eight
 comes from as well, isn't it?
 Oh, really?
 Because you were saying before about piece of foreign,
 whatever, the piece of eight was you would have a coin
 and you would cut it into eight pieces.
 And that's why a quarter is called two bits in America.
 What have they made of?
 That you could chop it so easily.
 Metal.
 Soft metals, specifically silver.
 Silver and gold are quite soft, aren't they?
 Yeah, exactly.
 And this is--
 That's why if you get a gold medal and you bite it,
 to prove whether it's real gold on that,
 to prove it's gold, it's not harder, it's softer.
 So if you bite something that's made out of gold,
 you should get little teeth marks in it.
 Yeah.
 OK.
 Unless it leaves really big teeth marks, in which case,
 it's a chocolate coin.
 Yeah.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Don't be fooled again, Dan.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Just on that--
 so people used to chop little bits off the edges of coins.
 And that was a really bad crime.
 And it had very severe punishments,
 because obviously it's devaluing the coin on the realm.
 But people used to do it anyway, because you
 can melt down the silver and recast it.
 And in 2015, again, a horde of silver clippings
 was found in a field in Gloucestershire
 by someone with a metal detector.
 And it was a huge bundle of shaved off coins.
 And I just love the name it's been given.
 It was called the toenail horde.
 Because it looks all these little round
 trebings of coins.
 They look like a tas of them.
 That's amazing.
 That's why coins have got milling on the side of it.
 So little kind of indentations on the side of every coin,
 if you look at it, that's to stop people from shaving off.
 And that was invented by a think Isaac Newton, who
 was the master of the mint, as well as doing all the other stuff
 he did.
 It's such a good name, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 Here's another idea.
 Get rid of one piece, two piece, five piece, ten piece,
 and 50 piece.
 And instead have one piece, three piece, 11 piece, and 37 piece.
 You've gone mad.
 Yeah.
 It's just maths, Andy.
 It's just maths.
 If you have those coins, then it makes it easier
 for any kind of combination of coins
 to be used for any number of any price, basically.
 37 piece.
 Yeah, because they're all prime numbers, so apart from one.
 But they're all kind of prime numbers.
 One's kind of a prime number, isn't it?
 Oh, we're going to get somebody like that.
 But basically, it means that say something's 76 p or 84 p,
 it's just easier to work out with that specific number
 of things. On average, it's 4.1 coins per transaction,
 compared to 1p, 2p, and 5p and 7.
 So there will be 37 p coins.
 That's so hard to work out.
 No, you get used to it pretty quick.
 Now, if you had to learn your 37 times table,
 just to pay for stuff.
 You're the first person who introduced the penny to the UK.
 So this is also in the 8th century.
 And this is King Offer of Mercia.
 So 8th century, he made the first penny in the UK.
 And the incredible thing about this, which
 I just love.
 And I learn when I went to the British Museum.
 And I saw an example of one of his early gold coins.
 Is this?
 So only three gold coins from his reign
 survived, so the introduce of the penny to Britain.
 And he was a Christian King and the phrase around this gold
 coin in the British Museum is, there
 is no God but Allah alone.
 And it is because--
 Oh.
 It's so incredible.
 So it was just a century after Muhammad, basically.
 And the Abbasid Caliphs were taking over large parts of Europe.
 And he wanted to be-- well, we're not entirely sure why
 the coin said this.
 But one theory is that he wanted to be able to trade with them.
 And they would see these coins as valuable.
 They would recognize that and think, yeah, you're one of us.
 That's fine.
 But then a lot of other people think, actually,
 he just didn't speak Arabic.
 And he had no idea what those words meant.
 And he's a Christian King.
 He accidentally wrote on his coins.
 There's no God but Allah alone.
 It's like a tattoo with some old kind of Japanese characters.
 And it actually says, you English Winker.
 Do you know what the least valuable coin in the world is?
 It's an Uzbek coin.
 And it's the one Tegan coin.
 If you had 3,000 of them, you would have one penny.
 That's an extreme way to use it as one penny.
 And I worked out that Ronaldo, if he wanted to make a profit,
 would have to pick up 1 million and 173,000
 and Tegan every second.
 He is fast, though.
 OK, let's wrap up, guys.
 OK, that is it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we have set over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Streiberland, Andy.
 @AndreHondaM.
 James.
 @JamesHarkin.
 And Shazinsky.
 You can email podcast@QI.com.
 Yep, or you can go to our group account, which
 is @NoSuchThing, or our website.
 NoSuchThing is a fish.com where we have all of our links
 to our upcoming tour dates.
 We have links to our book.
 We also have a link-- actually, we don't do.
 It's a very exclusive thing that we've got this tour cassette.
 And we're about to give one away, actually,
 to a member of the audience who sent an effect to us
 at the beginning of the show.
 So for a cassette, Andy, what's the winning fact?
 The winning fact comes from someone called Julien Mazet.
 I hope I'm pronouncing the name right, and it's this.
 It's about the city we're in.
 It's that Glasgow was once voted the friendliest
 and the most dangerous city in the UK in the same year.
 OK, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much, guys.
 We'll see you again.
 Goodbye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [APPLAUSE]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (audience applauding)
