 [music]
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming to you
 from the QI offices in Hobern. My name is Dan Schreiber, I'm sitting here with Andrew Hunter Murray,
 James Harkin and Anna Tyshensky. And once again, we have gathered around the microphones with our
 four favorite facts from the last seven days, and in no particular order, here we go. Starting
 with fact number one, and that is James. Okay, my fact this week is that sodium citrate, the chemical
 you add to cheese to make it melty nacho cheese, contains sodium, carbon, hydrogen and oxygen,
 or according to the chemical symbols, N, A, C, H and O. Unbelievable. And this is proof of
 living in a matrix, right? Yes, very unimaginative matrix. So I was watching a YouTube clip by a
 person called Minut Food, and they showed an experiment of how to make American cheese from
 any kind of cheese. So you could just take any kind of cheese and add sodium citrate,
 and it will make it more melty. And in that, that's when they get satisfied. Although I've
 looked since logs, and it is kind of all over the internet, but right. Okay, it's not like some
 people. I think that we're doing the world a favor by hopefully putting more on the internet,
 because it is amazing. Yeah, this podcast is about what I learned this week, and this is a thing
 that I recently learned. It's a melting salt, isn't it sodium citrate? So when you melt a cheese,
 the fats and the proteins separate out from each other, and they, but it can get very lumpy.
 It kind of forms like a mesh. Normally, it's like a big solid thing with proteins and fats and
 moisture and stuff. It kind of all spreads out, and now you've got this mesh of stuff. And the more
 meshier it is, the more melty it is, basically. Yes. And the sodium, as far as I understand it,
 it replaces calcium ions. And the calcium ions are the thing that made the cheese proteins all bond
 together. So the more sodium citrate there is, the smoother the meltiness gets. And it does exactly
 the same thing in another thing that needs to get thinner often. Oh, it should be.
 A zen pick is actually made out of osmium. Blood thinners. Really? It's put in lots of blood thinners,
 exactly the same thing. And it's usually in when you donate blood, they need to add something to
 keep it from clotting after you've donated it before it's given to someone. And they pop in
 basically nacho cheese. Sodium citrate also helps your body to create hydrogen and ions,
 which lowers acidity in your muscles and stops you from feeling the burn when you do lots of
 exercise. Oh, cool. I'm not exactly sure of the chemical process of how it works, but it does
 work. And so some people take sodium citrate supplements. Well, they might use it if they've
 got a urinary tract infection, because it can be used to relieve discomfort in those.
 Really? I presume by just selectively melting bits of urinary tract. I've understood the
 science. Does it work if you kind of like shove some melty cheese up there? I think that's that is
 some optimal, but it will in a pinch. That's what you've got. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Nacho cheese is
 not a cheese. Not a cheese. It's a cheese product made from cheese, because as James says, you can
 put any old cheese you shove it in and put this stuff in, you melt it, that becomes the nacho
 cheesy sauce. So there's no sort of core cheese that produces nacho cheese. So nacho cheese is
 not a cheese. It's a cheese derivative. It's an idea. Very clear if you eat it. It's weird,
 because it's taking your cheese and it is making it worse, isn't it? I mean, it's making it more
 useful because it can spread over stuff. I think the thing is about food is it's not completely
 objective. What I disagree about. Do you think everyone who likes nacho cheese is just straight
 up wrong? Well, I have brain on my nachos. That's what I do. And it's a bit harder to melt, but it's
 fine. The other thing about American cheese is it was invented in Switzerland by a Canadian.
 I think we've mentioned it before. It's James Kraft, who came up with the idea of
 extending the shelf life of cheese by putting all these salts in it. Interesting.
 Have we mentioned the competition we did? On stage? On stage? On our last tour? Oh, no.
 We tried to break a record for the most slices of American cheese eaten in a minute and dry.
 Yeah. So it was a Guinness World Record. I brought Craig Glenday, who's the editor-in-chief,
 on stage for us to attempt to break it. And we sucked. It was really hard. 10 slices in a minute
 without being able to lubricate your mouth is nuts. It was too much. James, you got the most,
 I think. I think James did pretty well. I did, respectively. And you guys did a small corner?
 I won. I was just so pulled by the quality of the cheese. I found the hardest thing was taking
 off the bits of plastic because you had to do that as well. And I think the pros have like a
 special flip that they do with a wrist that kind of flips the cheese out and helps and tweets it.
 But I think I had four in a bit. Yeah, you did amazing. And I've had like one and he'd been
 practising for a week before. Yeah, I've been practising for so long, but he only told me on
 the night I couldn't drink. If you can drink in between, you can get a lot more done. Do you
 know what you can do in fondue instead of add sodium citrate and what they do do, in fact?
 White wine, you had sweat, didn't you? Yeah, I guess you know how to make fondue.
 And his reaction there was like, she'd asked they've done between one and a million and I guessed
 it. I was thinking, how has James worked out the chemical processes and then figured out that
 wine does that? Oh, no, he just knows fondue recipes. So that's what the wine does in fondue.
 Dry white wine has the same kind of acidity and that helps the cheese not congeal in exactly the
 same way. It stops the cacine proteins binding together. Does the alcohol burn away or does it?
 Most of it burns away, but it is why fondue smells as like you'll notice of alcohol,
 which I've always thought it's such a strong smell. I don't think I've ever eaten it sober. So like
 so much alcohol around anyway, I've never noticed the smell of the fondue. You're so right. It's just
 in the air, isn't it? Who invented nachos? Have we said this before? I'm not sure we have. Mr.
 Mr. Nacho. Mr. Nacho. Actually, not Mr. Nacho, Mr. Anaya. But his first name was Nacho,
 which is short for Ignacio. And he created them in 1943 at the Victory Club in Mexico,
 Coahuila. And it was a restaurant close to the border. And a lot of American service people
 who were kind of training for World War II were there. And their families as well. And they all
 came in one day and said, we want some food. This guy was the maitre d' but the chef had disappeared.
 As he said, don't worry, I'll make you something. And he ran into the kitchen and all he could find
 was these cheese and bits of tostadas and a few jalapenos. And he put them all under the grill.
 And the new dish was born. So you're saying it was kind of discovered by accident, in a way?
 Maybe. Did he only had, did he have sodium citrate? Then did he have to,
 did he have like a big jar of chemicals? And it's like one of these?
 Exactly. Nacho cheese, as we would know it today, like the real, the stuff you can kind of squirt
 onto the top of it, didn't exist then that existed a bit later. I believe he did get a promotion to
 head chef or something off the back of it. Interesting. I didn't know if that was a promotion.
 I thought they were just on different career streams. Like I would have thought maitre d
 then goes to hotel manager. Okay. Well, he just changed career basically on the back of the major
 invention. Because he had this moment of, it just had this moment of glory. That's 100% agree.
 I just agree with you, Andy. I just, I hadn't put that together. And now I think about
 having worked in hotels for lots of my life. That absolutely isn't a promotion at all.
 It's very much a sidestep. It's a pivot. Yeah. And then he eventually left. He opened up his own
 restaurant, which he called nachos restaurant. Though I feel like he missed a trick. I feel
 like he should have called it, let them eat nachos. That's my title because his wife was called
 Marie Antoinette. And that just, yeah, just would have been fitting. But you would have had to have
 big brackets. The owner's wife is called Marie Antoinette. It's a great story for when you're
 sitting down saying, why'd you call it that? Another thing from Mexico, another food from
 Mexico rather, Caesar salad. Invented in Tijuana in the 1920s. In fact, in not only in the 1920s
 and 1924, because they've just had the 100th birthday of the Caesar salad, a chef called Caesar
 invented it, which is why it's called Caesar salad. It's actually got nothing to do with Julia Caesar.
 I didn't know that. No. That feels like the kind of thing you're learning here on your first day.
 I'm so embarrassed. This is actually a suspiciously similar origin story to the nacho thing.
 He had a big crowd in the kitchen at his restaurant, but he only had some lettuce and
 crostini and a dressing. Yeah. But it makes it seem like, wait a minute, was it a Caesar salad dressing?
 Because it feels like that's really part of the invention. Yeah, yeah. It's like, yeah, but who
 invented God? You know. Here's another surprising one. Where was the burrito invented? Oh, like
 Nantwich or something. During the Pina Colada festival. There was a big rush at the Pina Colada
 festival. Someone said, we need something to mop up all this Pina Colada and the chef only had
 some pulled pork. Got it in wine? Burrito. Okay. Well, for me, Mexico, because it means Little
 Dog Key in Spanish, burrito. Absolutely. I've only got a very silly answer here. So yeah. North Korea.
 This surprisingly, it was invented in 2011. This is one of the weird ass claims that Kim Jong-il
 invented the burrito that was released by the local news sources of North Korea,
 who said that its popularity has been booming ever since 2011 and his invention of it.
 It's one of those false memory things where you think you had the miniature childhood,
 but actually, who saw a burrito before 2011? Exactly. I never did. No one. I think it's no one.
 They actually have in their real history, or sorry, the alternative Western history,
 they did tend to be eaten in Mexico. And then there was this massive program called the
 Braquellos program in the 40s and 50s, where the US was short on workers and there were loads of
 Mexicans who wanted to come to America. So they offered them loads of work permits. And Americans
 thought, well, a good way to feed these laborers who of course, they were paying lower wages and
 they would pay Americans is to give them these burritos, which we know they're into. So they gave
 them all burritos every day, two burritos a day. But all the immigrants came from Central Mexico,
 where actually no one ate burritos. And they hated them. And it was part of the reason for a huge
 resentment was the fact that they were being force fed these. And I don't think they were the great
 burritos. They were like a bit of rap and some beans, no sauce. Before all of this, of course,
 we had the Aztec and the Maya and the pre-Columbian Americans. And they all let Maze, a lot of their
 thing is to do with Maze and like tortillas are all made of Maze. So it's carried on. But the
 interesting thing about that is if you just eat Maze, it's not very good for you. I mean, it's
 fine, but it's not going to give you much of what you need to stay alive. But they came up with a
 thing called nixtamalization. Basically, you soak the grains of Maze, and then you cook them over
 wood ashes. And then there's like an invisible outer coating of the Maze and that gets removed.
 And then it's much easier to grind, much easier to cook, and it enhances the amount of protein in
 the Maze. And it's so much better that you can basically look at whatever this was invented by
 looking at old fires and where the Maze has been cooked. You can look at it and you can see all these
 Mesoamerican civilizations growing when each area kind of works out how to nixtamalize them.
 Really? Yeah, it's incredible. And when the Europeans went over and brought Maze back,
 there's lots of areas that kind of started eating Maze in the old world. But they still got
 quite malnourished because none of them knew how to nixtamalize things. Oh, really? Yeah.
 It's crazy. I never even heard that word before this week. And they also have that thing where
 they eat the fungus that grows on Maze in Mexico, don't they? Which actually looks kind of delicious
 and they have it corn smut. No, have you had it? What's corn? No, I hate funguses. Oh, sorry,
 that's why you took it. Of all the funguses that I'm ever going to try, maybe a black truffle,
 but a piece of corn smut? Probably not. It's a disease and it looks like a sort of black
 lump of mold. And there was quite a fun story in 2014 where there was a farmer called Nat Bradform
 and he was asked to grow some corn for a chef, quite a famous chef called Sean Brock,
 who's a big deal in America. And he wanted this corn to be grown for his handmade tortillas and
 poor Nat woke up one day when I went to his fields and overnight the whole thing destroyed by fungus.
 Corn smut everywhere. So he called the chef, you know, in tears. I'm so sorry, I've destroyed
 your restaurant. And obviously Sean, being a chef and knowing the ways of the Mexicans,
 was absolutely delighted. It was like, you've got a delicacy there. You've just accidentally
 grown overnight this fantastic delicacy that I'll incorporate into my Mexican restaurant food.
 Corn smut pizzas, I'll add. Corn smut pizzas, there you go.
 Do you guys know Taco Bell? You must know Taco Bell, massive American chain.
 I don't think I've ever been to one. Do we have them over here? Oh yeah. Oh, do we?
 Well, there's one within walking distance of my house. Yeah, they're here. They're not massive
 here, but in America, they're very, very big. And globally, they have places all over the world.
 One place they don't have is Mexico. And they've tried twice. The first time they went in,
 they sort of went all out just saying, this is a fast food version of what you guys have here.
 So have it. They said, no, it doesn't make sense. Second time they went in, which was years later,
 they tried to push it as not Mexican food, but American food, while still having the
 menu that they have. And they even advertised it by saying, it's not Mexican, it's just
 something else. I think that's a much better strategy, because yeah, Mexicans would deny
 it was Mexican at all. Americans deny it's American. And tacos weren't hard.
 It's insulting either way. It's insulting if you say this is your cuisine. It's insulting if you say
 this is our cuisine. They don't have any Taco Bells in North Korea either. It's for the same reason.
 Yeah. They invented it. Exactly. Did you hear of Diana Kennedy? No. She was very cool. She's
 one of the people who has contributed to saving or not saving, but preserving huge amounts of the
 diversity of Mexican food. Because obviously it's a huge country. It's got hundreds of different
 cuisines in it. And she spent 60 years driving around the country, doing apprenticeships in
 bakeries, like going to individual villages and saying, what do you eat? Let me learn how to make
 it. I wanted to make it myself. And she was awarded not only. I think she might be the only
 person ever to have been awarded an MBE for services to Mexican-British relations, but also
 the Order of the Aztec Eagle, which is Mexico's highest honour. This is very cool, isn't it?
 We need to rename our MBEs. It's so much cooler. Yeah. And she was called the Indiana Jones of Food.
 She sounds great. Yeah. Which bit of Indiana Jones' career is at his academic side, where he's
 always as a professor or out fighting Nazis. No, it's like she's out in the... She's out,
 like she's gone into the temple. There's a rare kind of burrito on the stand.
 She's swapped it over for some tamales. She's holding it in her other hand.
 Chased by a giant ball of corn sluts.
 OK, it is time for fact number two. And that is Anna.
 My fact this week is that white noise was named because the pattern of its waves
 resembles white light. And pink noise was named because it resembles pink light.
 Brown noise was named after someone called Robert Brown.
 I've never heard of pink or brown noise. No.
 And I was quite unclear what white noise is actually before looking us up.
 Yeah. Yeah. Well, there we go. Let's get into it.
 So white noise, first of all, is the most common one that people know because it's this.
 And people often use it to make their children go to sleep.
 They do. And pink noise is more like...
 And is brown noise the one that makes you poo?
 And brown noise is the one that makes you shit yourself.
 No, it isn't, is it?
 It's not, no. So white noise is basically a noise that contains
 all the different frequencies within human hearing to the same extent.
 So we can hear between 20 hertz and 20,000 hertz.
 And if you take all of those frequencies, 20, 21, 22, etc.
 And then you play them all with exactly the same amount of energy.
 That's white noise.
 Confusingly, white noise sounds horrible, I think.
 I don't understand people who find it relaxing because higher pitches sound louder to us.
 Pink noise is where there's more energy in the lower pitches.
 It's a bit basier. Now, listening to pink noise, I still think it sounds...
 It's still quite jarring, isn't it? I would say.
 Pink noise? Well, you know, like a lot of people,
 just to give the opposite side of the argument,
 think that it sounds like the waves washing over you.
 I would say brown noise sounds like waves.
 I think pink noise, but you're right, a lot of people do write that.
 But brown noise is the hip new noise, right?
 Brown noise is what everyone is now listening to on YouTube,
 hours at a time as they go to sleep.
 Headline in Glastonbury this year. Let's get with it, all right?
 And that's low brown noise.
 So brown noise is where you're putting a lot more energy into those lower frequencies.
 So it sounds bassy and I think if you listen to that, it sounds like trees
 or sounded a bit like a nice ocean waves to me.
 Can we explain why it's good for sleeping?
 Because I think that's important too.
 And I think the reasoning is it increases your what they call arousal threshold steady on.
 It's that normally if you're asleep and it's completely silent around you
 and then a car alarm goes off, you wake up, right?
 Because there's a big difference between the background nothing and then the car alarm.
 But if there's a background playing constantly,
 you're already kind of higher on the sonic mountain, like all boats have been lifted.
 And then so that spike of the car alarm, which is like the top of the mountain,
 it pokes up less high above the general background that you're listening to.
 And therefore there's less of a chance.
 And it doesn't matter what frequency the car alarm is,
 because all the frequencies are being fired at you anyway.
 Right.
 So it's bound to be covered by one of them.
 Exactly. So then you wake up in the morning, your car's been stolen again.
 At least you had a good night.
 Exactly.
 But apparently it also, for a lot of people, stops the voices in their own head.
 So people going to sleep going, "Oh, did I lock the car? Did I lock the car? I don't know."
 It stops all those questions from your head and just lets you fall asleep.
 It's and more so for ADHD people, as you'd expect, because we've got ADHD,
 then distractions in your mind and out of them are more distracting.
 And it sort of helps drown them out.
 I should probably say how these related to colors very quickly.
 Won't go into it to a boring extent.
 But just because white noise is named after white light.
 So that's white light is like all the frequencies of light,
 all mixed together equally.
 Pink light is what the brain interprets as a combination of red and blue light,
 but there's actually a bit less blue.
 So in the same way, it's a bit heavier on the lower frequencies,
 because red is like a bit lower.
 And then brown, Robert Brown was a Scottish botanist.
 It's so random that his main legacy to the world is naming this kind of noise.
 Well, it's not his main legacy.
 He was an amazing botanist and his name is put to many animals and geographical locations.
 It's only become his main legacy since brownwise became the new trend.
 I must stop like before we did any of this stuff.
 I'd only heard of him because of brownie emotion.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 No, that's fair enough.
 But he's within the world of botany.
 His name is there.
 Lots of plants and grasses and things.
 Brownie emotion is the way particular molecules,
 if you look at them under a microscope,
 he observed they looked like they were dancing,
 these pollen grains that he was looking at.
 And they're not alive.
 How can they be dancing?
 It basically has to do with the heat of individual molecules.
 Yeah, the molecules are bouncing off things,
 moving things around in a random way.
 And this noise is more random than the others.
 Yes, the way it looks.
 And in fact, it was Einstein himself,
 good old Einstein, his first influential paper who took brownie emotion,
 which basically Robert Brown, and he had the habit of doing this,
 just looked at it, went, oh, that's happening.
 And then went back to his plants.
 And Einstein went, let's explain that.
 And it was essential to finding out that atoms and molecules
 are the smaller particles of matter,
 because it was like, how else could these pollen bits be moving,
 except of tinier bits of moving inside them?
 Yeah, he was a busy man.
 He collected 2000 new species in Australia alone.
 Yeah, but it was a piece of piss in those days.
 Like no one else had done it.
 So you just wander around.
 You guys said he wasn't seeing that flower before.
 Throw a brick.
 Yeah.
 Easy, here's a rare flower.
 Yeah, he was kind of there to help prove
 whether or not Australia was a group of islands.
 So it was known as New Holland at the time.
 And so the idea was that he was going to go through the interior
 to try and work out if this suddenly broke up.
 And that's a big task.
 Well, you wouldn't know.
 Just to prove that this 4,000 mile wide thing is not an island, please.
 Yeah.
 Because it gets quite warm in the middle, doesn't it?
 It does get a bit barren.
 Yeah.
 You know what's named after?
 To prove it's an island, you only have to go around the outside.
 You don't need to go in the middle.
 Andy, organizing a trek through the centre.
 Wait, what do you say?
 To prove something as an island all you have to do is go around the edge of it.
 No, because it could be like an atoll.
 You know, it could be an island within it.
 Yeah, exactly.
 You mean it could be fully encircled,
 but even then it's a lake inside, isn't it?
 Still think it needs studying.
 Sure.
 On this expedition, they took on two aboriginals,
 Bungary and Nambary.
 They took them on board to help them communicate with the local tribes.
 And they were essential to the success of the trip,
 basically, because every time they stopped on the coast,
 they had to send, it was usually Bungary, I think, onshore,
 to say these guys are legit, they're normal,
 and usually didn't speak the language of the different tribe,
 but at least knew the...
 Is this bit still the same island or have we gone on to a different island?
 They knew the general habits,
 but usually the protocol was that you should remove your clothes.
 So every time they parked on the coast,
 they'd be like, "Right, Bunga, take your clothes off.
 Go ashore, please."
 So he had to strip down naked every time he went to negotiate with you.
 Really? Having a Bunga Bunga party?
 Having a Bunga party.
 Oh, my God.
 Yeah, actually, of course, Australia isn't one island.
 So fine.
 Thank you.
 And Brown was the first person from Europe to explore Tasmania.
 Right.
 And also for Andy, there is Tetradontium brownianum,
 which is a species of moss called Brown's foretooth moss,
 and it's named after him.
 He found it in a place called Roslyn near Edinburgh in the 18th century,
 and the place where he found it,
 you can still see this moss growing today.
 That's nice.
 That is very cool.
 That's very cool.
 The Brownian motion thing, by the way.
 So that was a discovery that he made at the time through a microscope that he had,
 and that was called into question many, many years later,
 because they thought there's no way that the microscope would have been able to prove this.
 And so there was a big thing where they took out the original microscopes,
 and they had to re-observe what he said he had observed
 in order to prove it.
 Well, they used his old microscope.
 They used his exact microscopes.
 I think it's a weird thing to doubt, isn't it?
 The interesting thing is he thought that pollen was moving by themselves,
 and this was, you know, how sperms move around to reproduce.
 That's what the pollen was doing.
 Like this was the force of life that basically existed in all things,
 and it existed in the pollen,
 and that's why basically that was his thought.
 Oh, so it's quite a big theory.
 Yeah, it was, this was in the 1820s,
 and it was such a big deal in the world
 that it was mentioned in Middlemarch, George Eliot.
 Is it?
 In the podcast, George Eliot's Middlemarch.
 Can I remember that bit?
 I did read Middlemarch a few years ago.
 It's not like a major plot point, though.
 No, it is.
 Dr. Lidgate.
 Oh, yeah, yeah.
 We Lidgate.
 He's a scientific one.
 He's trying to buy a vase from a guy called Mr. Fairbrother.
 Oh, yeah.
 And Mr. Fairbrother says,
 "You are eyeing that glass vase again.
 Do you want to make an exchange?
 I have some sea mice, fine specimens and spirits,
 and I will throw in Robert Brown's new thing,
 microscopic observations in the pollen of plants
 if you don't happen to have it already."
 I mean, that sounds like subtle advertising, doesn't it?
 That sounds...
 Oh, yeah, sorry.
 Then it goes #spawn.
 In fact, there's an offer code we can...
 So, this would be kind of a weird fact
 for a lot of people to listen to,
 because I think a lot of people listening
 are trying to get to sleep right now.
 Wake up!
 Have you checked the car?
 There are dozens of sleep podcasts.
 Uh-huh.
 I mean, specific sleep podcasts, you know,
 not just ours, which is just boring, but I mean...
 Supposedly.
 I don't know if this is like big podcast
 who sponsored this research,
 but 46% of people sometimes will listen
 to something as they go to sleep,
 and 28% do it regularly.
 Yeah.
 There's a thing they do on radio called Comfort Noise,
 which is...
 It's got a slightly different motive,
 but it's to also keep you at ease
 when radio goes silent.
 So, for example, if there's like a minute silence,
 because if there's a minute silence,
 and the radio goes completely silent,
 you start going, "Wait, has the radio station just turned off?"
 If it's complete silence, that's supposedly quite...
 But the only time there's ever a minute silent on the radio
 is when they say, "We're going to have a minute silence now
 to remember the dead."
 So, you never then go, "What the hell's up to my radio?"
 Well, it's interesting.
 They do it for a few reasons.
 So, one, they do think it gives a comfort to people
 who think it's suddenly turned off.
 So, they'll play bird noise,
 or they'll play London traffic in the background.
 So, it keeps it going.
 There are actually things...
 Beep, beep, beep!
 I'm walking here!
 I'm trying to drive down wide,
 or where's this huge crowd of people standing around in silence?
 Beep, beep!
 Wait, how come we've never heard?
 So, when they play the minute silence on the radio, that's what...
 I know I have heard a bit of bird song, actually.
 I think that is familiar.
 The other reason for it is,
 is because there's protocols in place
 as part of a major system for all radio,
 which is when absolute silence is there,
 a song will kick in.
 So, you don't want a minute silence for the Queen,
 and suddenly YMCA comes on halfway through, right?
 So, that's another part of it.
 Yeah, that's a good point.
 This is not to do with this, really,
 but the Master's Golf is probably happening
 when people are listening to this, or it's just happened.
 And they play in bird noises.
 And actually, a lot of golf...
 If you watch golf on TV, they play in bird noises.
 Oh, do they?
 And I was listening to Tom Scott's podcast,
 and they said that there was a time when
 they played in the wrong bird noise
 for wherever it was in the world.
 They were playing this golf tournament,
 and a load of people wrote in saying,
 "You don't get the great crested greeb in South Korea."
 Okay, it is time for fact number three, and that is Andy.
 My fact is, when you hover over a link on the computer,
 and the mouse icon turns into a little hand,
 that icon dates back to the 11th century.
 They waited so long before inventing
 the rest of the computer, didn't they?
 You know, it looks like a white gloved hand,
 certainly on my computer, anyway.
 Mostly on Macs, you get it, or you get it on all of them.
 It's on quite a few.
 You can get it on all, then, you?
 Yeah, I don't know.
 So, on my computer, it's a little...
 It's like a pointing finger,
 and it's got a white glove on,
 and it's got three lines on the glove.
 It looks like a butler's glove.
 Like a snooker referee.
 A snooker referee, exactly.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 And those are our two reference points.
 James got a watching a lot of snooker.
 I grew up with staff.
 I was thinking...
 If anyone wants to know the difference between me and Andy,
 I say this quite often, and that's it.
 For me, it's Mickey Mouse's club.
 And there's Dan.
 Yeah.
 So, this is a thing.
 It's based on a thing called the manicule,
 which dates back to the Doomsday book.
 It's a way of medieval scholars, in particular,
 to say, "Hey, look at this bit of the text."
 And it's just a pair of fingers that you draw,
 or sometimes you draw a whole hand,
 but the common element was always like a pointing finger
 saying, "Hey, look at this bit."
 It's like a highlighter.
 It's exactly like a highlighter
 without having to draw along the whole,
 because often the manuscripts are, you know,
 because they didn't have highlighters, basically.
 It's a way of marking passages.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Or an arrow.
 I mean, it's so much effort to go to, isn't it?
 It's because when you look at them, they're so beautiful.
 And I guess it's just testament to that.
 Again, in the olden days, they didn't have Netflix and stuff.
 So, they clearly spent so long on these stunning drawings.
 Sometimes they'd be like a beautiful octopus pointing
 its various limbs at various bits of text.
 There was another dragon, which instead of a head,
 had a hand for a head pointing.
 There was a whole big Greek god kind of gesturing at something.
 And these are often just people who are reading the text as well.
 They're not, you know...
 They're usually monks.
 Often monks, but just literate people.
 I think often anyone who had the text was a reader,
 like a rich person.
 It's such an interesting evolution,
 because you have the Doomsday book,
 where it's the monks who are reading it,
 putting it in the margins, right?
 So, they're going, "Here's a bit.
 You as the next reader should look out for specifically."
 Then, by the time we get to the 15th century,
 the printers themselves are putting the fingers in
 to say, "We think you should look specifically at this bit."
 And then it kind of, to where we are today,
 evolves into how authors will now put footnotes
 in their own pages now, because they're now saying,
 "Actually, this is super interesting,
 and I want to tell you more about it.
 I'm going to take up the page.
 It's not even about the publisher
 or the reader putting in anymore."
 But yeah, they look absolutely lovely.
 They're stunning.
 And they're just a form of marginalia, really, aren't they?
 Yeah, a marginalia is just anything
 that's not part of the book
 that was scribbled by someone else in the margins, right?
 Yeah.
 And then the modern one, certainly the one in the Mac,
 was invented by someone called Susan Pear.
 And she has done lots of different icons
 for various computers,
 not just Macs, also Windows stuff.
 So she came up with the command key on Apple keyboards.
 Wow.
 Which is a biggie.
 It's like, what does it look like?
 It's a square with circles on each corner, isn't it?
 It's like a little infinity knot.
 Infinity knot, yeah.
 She got it from some road signs in Scandinavia.
 They used it for landmarks.
 And she just thought, "That looks good, so I'll use that."
 And she also designed the card deck for Windows Solitaire game.
 That's a biggie, isn't it?
 She's had a huge influence on my childhood.
 Yeah, she's amazing.
 And the road sign thing is very interesting,
 because that's exactly what she said
 each of the symbols needed to be.
 They needed to be as clear as a road sign.
 She had zero experience in this field.
 And so as part of the interview,
 she went to a library and she took out a bunch of books
 that were all about graphic design
 and just brought them and put them on the table with her.
 So it looked like she was super keen.
 They were like, "Oh, look at all those books."
 She must have read them.
 She came into the interview room.
 Did she just sort of close the last book in the pile
 that she got to the end of the last page?
 Huh, okay.
 Yeah, sorry, what's the pay?
 A lot of her designs, now you wouldn't see,
 because they're quite 80s,
 but one that stuck around is the thing
 that I never know what it is, that little watch.
 So you know sometimes, and I think again,
 sorry, we're very spoiled office, so we all use Macs,
 but you've got the mouse, you've got the hand,
 you sometimes get the little timer thing.
 And you know, sometimes you get a little watch that comes up.
 And it just basically means something's fucked up.
 Oh, I've never seen that.
 I always thought it was a computer saying,
 "I'm working it out. Give me time," is what it's saying.
 Oh, maybe it is saying that.
 Yes, I think perhaps it's that.
 Well, I see you.
 Well, it's very annoying anyway,
 so I'm not a huge fan of her.
 It still uses the floppy disk symbol
 for when you're saving something.
 Oh, yeah.
 And no one using a computer who was born in the 2000s
 will have any idea really what a floppy disk is,
 in the same way that they don't, yeah.
 Except they're all reading all the lists that say,
 "Oh, why are we still using this old watch on floppy disks?"
 You can still buy floppy disks, by the way.
 Yeah, yeah.
 And they're often used by like DIY media,
 arty kind of people.
 If you create an amazing bit of media
 and you want it to be really sort of super awesome,
 you might just put it on floppy disk
 and everyone will think it's even better.
 But you can buy them.
 There's not that many around,
 but there's a few specialist places,
 and they cost about $1 per megabyte of data.
 Okay, that's a lot.
 It is, because the average cost of memory right now
 is one cent per gigabyte.
 So if you buy a floppy disk
 for your to save something,
 it's the equivalent of buying a pint of milk
 with a one kilogram bar of gold.
 Cool.
 Which is what I do,
 but I'm not really in time for the common man.
 This pointy thing, just one last thing on the manicule.
 Oh, yeah.
 I just like the names of it.
 So it was called the Indicationum, or the index,
 which is from the Latin for "to point".
 And that's where...
 Index finger.
 Index finger comes from, yeah.
 But it was also known as a mutton fist or a bishop's fist.
 And I don't know why.
 Yeah.
 That's interesting.
 I was actually reading, as far as my research for this,
 the descriptions of the perfect hand.
 Because, you know, it's a drawing of a hand,
 and we get how people have drawn hands.
 And it included mutton hands,
 but as a non-desirable thing.
 This was...
 This was in the 18th century,
 a guy wrote a book called "Authorpedia".
 And it's a guy called Nicholas Andree,
 and it's where we get orthopedics from,
 is him, he invented it.
 And it actually means a correct or straight child,
 hence the pedia,
 because it was a book of how to correct deformities in children.
 And I've read his whole chapter on what makes the perfect hand.
 And he indeed said,
 "Your hand should not look like shoulders of mutton."
 That's fair enough.
 Well, his shoulder of mutton thing
 was just a hand that was a bit too square.
 And I am looking at your hand now, James.
 And he said,
 "Although they're useful for catching things,
 they're the worst type of shape."
 Are you joking?
 I've got beautiful hands.
 Yeah, don't listen, James.
 You've got lovely piano players' hands.
 Can I ask you...
 I am good at catching things.
 I had to say that, didn't you?
 That looked very clear.
 Sip of this, Connery.
 Can I check if you guys have these proportions?
 OK.
 I was actually quite impressed with mine
 when I went through his list.
 So your finger should be a bit round above and flat below.
 Your index tip,
 the tip of your index finger,
 should end at the root of the middle fingernail.
 If you're holding your hand up straight in front of you
 with your fingers together,
 tip of your index fingernail
 should line up with the root of your middle fingernail.
 Everyone got that?
 Close enough, yeah.
 Oh, um...
 No, I'm a bit low, I think.
 Yeah, that's classic,
 and he says a bit low is bad.
 What respect?
 Does it mean I'm a bad podcaster?
 Or does it mean I'm an evil person?
 I'm hearing mutter.
 I'm afraid it means just you've got...
 It means you've got three weeks.
 Shit happens.
 The ring finger needs to reach the middle nail
 of your middle finger.
 Oh, my God, I'm nowhere near that.
 James, this guy would have really had a field day
 with your hands, actually.
 They're all over the place, aren't they?
 We're making it so like James is a Simpsons character.
 I've only got four fingers.
 I've got five because I'm God.
 Can I just very quickly speak about highlighters?
 Oh, yeah.
 So these little hands are pointing to a thing
 that today we would just get a yellow felt tip
 and color it in and people will be able to see it.
 Those things, the fluorescent highlighters,
 they were invented by accident in 1963.
 By a guy called Francis J. Hon who was trying to make
 a new kind of marker for children.
 And while he was experimenting,
 he got this yellow ink and he put it on
 and he realized that it basically could still see
 the text in between it and he thought, "Oh, I'll do that."
 And you know Stabilo Boss highlighters.
 I feel like they're the biggie.
 They're the biggie.
 They're kind of like square in shape, aren't they?
 And they've got a very flat tip.
 And that flat tip was actually invented by accident.
 So annoying.
 One day, some people at Stabilo,
 in fact, it was Schwann Stabilo who was in charge
 of Stabilo Boss.
 He and his group, they were doing some presentation
 of this thing and it wasn't really working properly
 and they slammed it onto the desk and it made it flat
 at the bottom.
 They went, "Oh, look, this works amazingly."
 That's according to their official website.
 I don't believe it.
 One more thing on that, please.
 In 1996, a prisoner in the UK decided
 that he would try to get taken out of prison
 and put into hospital by saying that he had jaundice
 by coloring his entire body in with a yellow Stabilo Boss
 highlighter.
 And the prison spokesman said he carefully painted
 all of his body, even his private bits,
 with a yellow highlighter pen.
 The problem was that he had made such a good job of it
 that he would probably have died if his skin
 was really that color.
 Wow.
 Who did his back?
 Someone else has evolved.
 Oh, yeah.
 What a soulmate's for, Anna, if not helping you out.
 You're right.
 Can I tell you about a really silly drawing
 things controversy?
 Okay.
 This is great.
 Let's go back to 1927.
 Switzerland.
 There's a geologist called Albert Heim,
 who at this point is about 70 years old,
 a very eminent Swiss geologist,
 and he got in a huge row with the Swiss Federal
 Office of Topography over the way maps were
 drawn as Switzerland.
 Right?
 Okay.
 So, you know those relief maps which show altitude?
 You know, they look like they've got the mountains on.
 They look like if you touch them,
 they'd be all lumpy and bumpy.
 Yeah, I like those ones.
 Yeah, beautifully drawn.
 And they often look like there's light
 and shade on them, right?
 Albert Heim's problem was that in Switzerland's
 two official map series,
 they were shaded as if the sunlight comes
 from the northwest.
 And he said, this cannot stand.
 There's no way the sunlight's coming from the northwest
 and hitting Switzerland, right?
 He said this was a lie that flew in the face of nature.
 What a hero.
 It's very huge, eh?
 I bet he had good fingers.
 And he, I read this whole article
 about the Northwest Illumination Problem,
 which was an established thing from the Middle Ages onwards.
 It was just the way people drew,
 and there are loads of theories as to why,
 maybe it's because cartographers drew from left to right.
 So, you want to shade so that you...
 Because you're right-handed, for instance.
 Because you're right-handed, basically.
 So, even in medieval maps,
 the light is falling from left to right.
 Or cartographers draw with the right hand,
 so the drawing doesn't cast a shadow,
 so they can see what they're doing.
 Basically, it's the same as that.
 And wait just to double check.
 The truth is that it would only ever be coming from
 the south if we're in the northern hemisphere,
 because if it gets to...
 Either it's going above you or...
 Well, the sun moves, but generally,
 you don't get as much light coming from the northwest.
 Cool.
 So, what happened next?
 Any guesses?
 He was murdered.
 They turned it into a map of Australia,
 where it would have made sense.
 They turned all of the maps upside down
 and traced them from the back,
 so that now they were on the right way.
 Lovely.
 Lovely.
 No, he didn't win.
 This is still coming from the northwest.
 He had nothing.
 That's all.
 Is that how we could tell from history
 who was a left-hander versus right-hander?
 If we looked at maps and the way the shadow falls.
 Nice idea, I don't know.
 I think everyone was a right-hander in fairness.
 Really?
 Oh, yeah, maybe.
 They weren't as tolerant.
 Drawn by the right-handers.
 That's so interesting.
 Hey, what is the most famous drawing of hands in the world?
 And now think of that.
 Escher, where he draws his own hand.
 I'm thinking Mike Landler.
 Sistine Chapel.
 So, let's say that's number one.
 What's number two?
 What about the Mona Lisa?
 She has her hands one over the other, doesn't she?
 Yeah, that's true.
 That is a good one.
 It's not the main bit of the Mona Lisa, though, is it?
 What's number three?
 I've got Jura's hands.
 The artist's Jura, the Praying Hands, which are...
 Albrecht Jura.
 Yeah.
 Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Yeah, that is famous.
 Those are very famous hands.
 The Clefton Prater.
 Yeah, and people have them on their walls globally,
 if you're religious.
 They're a very important piece of art.
 They're from the 1500s.
 And for many, many years, it was thought that it was a sketch drawing
 that was then transferred onto a big altered piece that Jura did
 as part of a commission.
 So, everyone thought that this is just a quick sketch,
 but it's become this massive famous thing.
 There's a new theory, which is being put forward by one of the curators
 of a major museum, that he used it effectively as a business card.
 So, whenever people came and he said,
 "You should get me as an artist,"
 he would pull it out of his desk and say,
 "This is the kind of stuff that I'm capable of doing."
 I can draw hands.
 Yeah, I can draw hands.
 Hands are hard, yeah.
 That was famous, wasn't it?
 And the Renaissance, it was like no one could draw.
 It's like AI as well.
 Which I know a question.
 Now that we've seen all these bloody doodles
 going back to medieval times of people drawing,
 as far as I'm concerned, brilliant hands all over manuscripts.
 These Renaissance artists who couldn't hack it.
 Those are cartoos of hands, though.
 You know, you want to really good hands are really hard to do.
 And it's a nightmare for portrait artists
 who have to get their subjects to do everything.
 Can you just stick them in your pockets?
 You think it's possible that they could do hands perfectly,
 but everyone in the Renaissance had manky fingers like I do.
 That would be it.
 A lot of mutton theory.
 Okay, it's time for our final fact of the show,
 and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that there was a football match
 in Germany last year where one team was made up entirely
 of players called Krotanovic.
 Brilliant.
 So confusing for anyone playing them.
 In fact, apparently a lot of teams often think
 Krotanovic is the sponsor of the team on the jersey.
 I read that, but then they are actually sponsored
 by Krotanovic, some of the players as well.
 What's Krotanovic?
 Krotanovic is a surname.
 Yeah, and a lot of these guys who play for the team
 have their own company, so they put that on this dress.
 So this is a bottom of the league German football team
 who play in the town of Florsheim,
 and this is a tiny town, 20,000 population.
 They have a team that was put together by a guy
 who's called Harris Krotanovic, and he thought,
 who can I get to be reliable to come up to practice,
 to show up?
 Why not my family?
 Why not my uncles?
 Why not my second cousins?
 A few buddies came along.
 But for one match at least, when you walked onto the pitch,
 you were playing one name, Krotanovic.
 It's like the opposite of nepotism.
 There should be a word for when you just get
 roped into a career that you didn't really want.
 You're guilted.
 They all speak Bosnian on the pitch as well,
 because they're all from this area of the border
 between Montenegro and Serbia and Bosnia.
 So yeah, that's where they're from originally.
 And this team, they're actually really successful as well,
 because, well, I mean, relatively,
 they're in the 11th division in Germany,
 but they were in the 13th division,
 and they got moved up two divisions,
 because they were the second team,
 and their first team were doing really badly,
 so they swapped them around.
 Right.
 Because they also have a few players who aren't Krotanovic's,
 but who are Serbian and Montenegro,
 and who have played in higher leagues,
 so they're kind of better than they should be.
 How do those guys feel about being shackled
 to the floor of the leagues by the millions of Krotanovic's
 who they have to turn up with every week?
 I think the truth is that on a normal week,
 they probably have about four or five Krotanovic's
 playing for them,
 but occasionally, they bring out a full multiple.
 I hope this is being filmed.
 It sounds like welcome to Wrexham.
 If they're making their way up the leagues, imagine.
 That's a really good point, as even more wholesome, isn't it?
 Should we buy them?
 Like Ryan Reynolds?
 Should we be the Ryan Reynolds
 of 11th division German football?
 I think we definitely could get on their jersey.
 We could be the sponsors.
 We'd have to change our name to Krotanovic as well.
 I think it's worth it.
 Do you know what the German football team is?
 Well, no, I don't actually.
 Manshaft.
 Great stuff.
 Just every time I see it,
 whenever there's a World Cup on, it makes me laugh.
 But you get this every now and then
 with families playing football.
 The Gojonsons, famously.
 So Ida Gojonson, who used to play for Bolton,
 he's Icelandic,
 and his son Arnor was also playing for Iceland,
 and there was one game where Ida was playing,
 and he got taken off,
 and his son came on instead of him.
 It was like a substitution.
 They were in the same squad,
 but they were on the same pitch for like a micro millisecond,
 just before they passed over, and then, yeah.
 That's very good.
 James is a goal fan.
 Do you know the work and recent playing
 of Jung Un Lee 6th?
 This is going to be a Kim Jong Un thing, isn't it?
 No, no, no.
 She was a US women's open champion.
 She was ranked,
 I think, at her highest at seventh in the world.
 Is she Korean?
 Yeah, she is, and she's called Jung Un Lee 6th
 because there have been five other Jung Un Lee's,
 and in order for them all to differentiate themselves,
 they've attached a number to the end of their name.
 Oh, really?
 So that would happen in a normal family,
 like if Andy's father and grandfather
 were all called Andy Murray,
 you would be Andy Murray the third, right?
 Yes, but these are not family members.
 These all happen to just be players with the same name.
 So yeah, so she officially goes by Lee 6th.
 So Lee, and then the number six right after her surname,
 and then you've got one, two, three, four, and five,
 who are all golfers.
 So it's quite funny when you see anything written about her.
 That's sort of...
 It looks like you're reading something about royalty.
 Great.
 Brady Fiegel, have you heard of him?
 No.
 Brady Fiegel's a minor league baseball pitcher,
 and he's six foot four.
 He's got glasses where he's got a sort of the rim
 of the glasses sit over the top,
 but allow for the lens itself not to be covered in a rim,
 if you know what I mean.
 So...
 Yeah.
 So frameless at the bottom.
 Frameless at the bottom is a quicker way of saying that.
 Underboob glasses.
 Yeah, that's actually the way I'm saying it.
 Underboob glasses.
 He's got red hair and...
 I'm giving you all the...
 I'm giving you some for underboob glasses, red hair.
 Is this a police line?
 Now draw them.
 Did he take your car?
 I was listening to a white noise in bed.
 You had a smash and there's a baseball bat going through your car with dope.
 All you saw as he went away was the shock of orange hair,
 and him holding up his underboob glasses going,
 "See you later, sucker!"
 So he had an elbow problem that needed surgery,
 so he had that done.
 And then six months later,
 the doctor who performed the elbow surgery is told,
 "Your patient, Bradley Fiegel, is ready for his surgery."
 And he thought, "I did this six months ago."
 And so it turns out there are two Bradley Fiegel's,
 both who wear underboob glasses,
 who are six foot four with red hair,
 who look exactly the same.
 Both car thieves.
 Both have the same name,
 and both had to have the exact same surgery
 from the exact same doctor for the bit of the elbow.
 And now they are aware of each other.
 That's how they became aware of each other.
 And they did a DNA test, didn't they, recently,
 to see if they were actually related.
 And?
 No.
 I think to get the media to shut the hell up
 about these two Bradley Fiegel's.
 Wow.
 It turned out they're not related at all,
 but they do both have ancestors from Germany.
 According to one of these fake, you know, 23 and me things.
 Thought what you would have known from their stername Fiegel,
 wouldn't you?
 Yes.
 Right, right, right, right.
 There was a charity football game in Bungie in 2012,
 where 70 people played football.
 It was Bungie, not the naked guy from two facts ago.
 From the Aboriginal.
 From Brown's mission.
 We shortened, we nicknamed him Bungie,
 because we're mates.
 Right.
 But he was called Bungery.
 Oh, right, okay.
 Like Dungery.
 And this is Bungie, which I think is...
 It's unusual to have that word twice in one episode.
 It's like Bartomein-Hoff syndrome, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 You'll see Bungies everywhere now.
 There was a charity game in Bungie in Suffolk in 2012,
 where 70 people with the same name played.
 And they were all called Bungie.
 They should have raised money by going Bungie jumping.
 What were they thinking?
 Nice.
 That's a big game.
 How did you manage to get 70 people there?
 Because it was all the officials as well,
 all the mascots, the match doctor,
 and also quite a lot of people who went to see the match
 were called Bungie.
 They were all called Bungie?
 Yeah, and it was all complete coincidence.
 I didn't know there were that many Bungies knocking about.
 I'm very surprised.
 I know.
 There's 455, according to the census at the time.
 And with 70 of them, that's close to 15% of all the UK Bungies
 that showed up to this one spot.
 Although it wasn't all UK.
 There was one who came from Australia,
 who was then sent off a swearing.
 Brilliant.
 Brilliant.
 That way for a charity game.
 And they'd advertised for Bungies, which is why,
 in case you hadn't figured that out when you were listening to this.
 It used to be really common to give kids the same names in the UK.
 And in Scotland, it was the case until the 19th century
 that it was relatively common, especially on the island of Skye
 and in other Western Isles.
 There was a survey done of people who lived in the 19th century there,
 and there were 462 households that had two sons that shared a name.
 Really?
 And 232 were two daughters shared a name.
 So there's quite a lot of it.
 And it was mostly in this area.
 And they think what happened was,
 basically they had real rules for naming your kids.
 The first son will be named after his father's father.
 Second son named after his mother's father.
 Third son named after the father.
 First daughter named after the mother's mother.
 And what happens with that is,
 eventually the number of names just gets lower and lower and lower.
 Because like from one generation, that's fine.
 But then the next generation, suddenly everyone's called Mary.
 And then four generations, everyone's called John.
 And that's what happens.
 And so that really happened until quite a long time.
 What self-inflicted confusion that must have wrought over the island of Skye?
 Well, yeah, it's funny, isn't it?
 Because there's another thing where people name,
 people call each other by the wrong names within families.
 So there's a thing, if you've got lots of siblings,
 you might have found that one of your parents will say Blar.
 No, Blar.
 No, Anna or whatever.
 Oh, yeah.
 Have you had that?
 That happens a lot, yeah.
 Christ, yes.
 Right.
 They run through the full gammo of names.
 Do they ever throw in the dog's name as well, Anna?
 Absolutely, yeah.
 OK.
 So there's a reason behind that.
 Which is Toffo.
 It's just unbelievable that you think your child will be called that.
 I've looked at you before, Anna, and thought Toffo.
 But there's a reason behind this which is really interesting,
 which is that it's to do with how your brain stores names.
 And basically, in your brain,
 you have two envelopes in which you keep all the names.
 In one envelope, you keep...
 Stop saying envelope.
 These are metaphorical envelopes, aren't they?
 No, no, no.
 No, they're like the computer icons.
 They're not metaphorical.
 They're just small.
 So one of them, one envelope, is for really close acquaintances.
 So immediate family.
 People who really matter to you.
 The other, for everyone else.
 So when you're trying to name someone,
 one of your children, obviously,
 someone who's from envelope number one,
 people are almost always taking the wrong name out of the right folder.
 And that is why a parent, like your mum,
 will cycle through all of your siblings' names
 and the dog's name before they get to your name,
 because those names are all from the right folder.
 Yeah, it doesn't make sense.
 It's just that they're the wrong names.
 Yeah.
 You know what, I put the dog's name in just the drawer below.
 I wouldn't have the dog in the same folder,
 but maybe I'm a better parent.
 Hey, just on Scottish names,
 we were talking about a Scottish person before, Robert Brown.
 He was a Scottish botanist who lived in the 1800s.
 So just for anyone who's listening,
 who's thinking, "Wait, Robert Brown,
 the botanist and bootmaker born in the 1800s?"
 No, not that one.
 For anyone who's thinking, "Oh, Robert Brown,
 the Scottish botanist who also was the first person
 to use the word gadget in a book?"
 No, not that botanist.
 For anyone who's thinking, "Robert Brown,
 the Scottish botanist who was also the polar explorer
 from the 1800s?"
 No, not that one either.
 Apparently, there were multiple amazing botanists
 called Robert Brown who all existed in the 1800s,
 who went and made major discoveries.
 And that was a problem to the point.
 I'll tell you where it's at.
 Because Robert Brown,
 the one who wrote gadget for the first time ever,
 had to call himself Robert Brown of Campster
 to differentiate himself when people confused him
 with the Robert Brown of Brown noise.
 What did you say called himself?
 He called himself Campster.
 He was from...
 So he said "Hampster" for some reason.
 Whenever he collected a new sample,
 he'd stuff it into his cheeks.
 There's a group of people in Papua New Guinea
 called the Orocaeva people.
 And they have a brilliant system, right?
 So if you have the same name as someone else,
 as long as you're on good terms with them,
 you count each other as what's called a sasso,
 a namesake, and you are basically the same person
 in the eyes of that society.
 Like you can shag their wives and...
 No, that's true.
 So it's really interesting.
 If you're the younger sasso,
 you will consult the elder at every stage of your ritual life.
 You don't have to ask them,
 "What should I have for supper tonight?"
 But when you do your confirmation and stuff.
 Exactly like that.
 Yeah, yeah.
 And as the older one ages,
 the younger one has a responsibility
 to provide him with firewood and other provisions.
 And if the older one dies without a will,
 then you have to sort out his affairs for him.
 And your family groups, your kin groups,
 are kind of knitted together,
 because it's understood that you
 and this other person are the same person.
 What a burden.
 And is that just if I bumped into someone at the party
 called Anatojinsky, who is a tedious don?
 I'd then be stuck intertwined with this person.
 Yes, but she'd be stuck in to find
 with someone who's very rude
 about a lot of other people all the time for no good reason.
 So, you know, we all have across the bear, aren't we?
 All right, that's all the system.
 Okay, that is it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we've said over the course of this podcast,
 we can all be found on our various social media accounts.
 I'm on Instagram, I'm on @tribeland.
 Andy.
 I'm on Blue Sky at @andrewhunderem.
 James.
 My Instagram.
 Oh, I'm also on Blue Sky.
 Hey.
 Um, but I had to be Harkin James,
 because someone else already had James Harkin.
 You're kidding.
 That's me.
 I've got yours.
 But if you want to get to us as a group, Anna, where'd they go?
 You can email podcast@qioi.com.
 I don't have these trying to follow me on Blue Sky.
 I have no followers.
 I literally only went in
 because I wanted to read someone's Blue Sky.
 Wow, he doesn't even have a profile picture.
 This is big.
 I'm following.
 Follow one follower.
 Okay.
 Everyone follow James,
 and he'll feel sort of pressure to generate content.
 What was I saying?
 Oh, yeah.
 How are you getting in contact with us?
 You can get us on Instagram at @nosesuchjamesfish,
 Twitter at @nosesuchthing,
 or you can email podcast@qioi.com.
 That's right.
 Or you can go to our website, nosesuchthingasafish.com.
 All of our previous episodes are up there.
 There's bits of merchandise up there as well.
 You can go and find live dates.
 We're going to be playing a live show
 at the Crossed Wires Festival in Sheffield
 on the 6th of July.
 Or you can join our very exciting exclusive club, Club Fish.
 It's a monthly subscription, 2.99 a month.
 Gets you ad-free episodes.
 It gets you bonus episodes like Drop Us a Line,
 where we go through the mail bag,
 talk about all of your facts and all of your corrections,
 in my case, and other things.
 It's a great place.
 Check out any other podcast amount that they charge
 for their subscription.
 $2.99.
 $2.99.
 I think it's a rip-off.
 Don't do it.
 Get in quick, before we realise.
 [LAUGHTER]
 OK, otherwise you can come back here next week.
 We'll be back with another episode.
 We will see you then.
 Goodbye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
