 [Background Music]
 Hello and welcome to another episode of no such thing as a fish, a weekly podcast coming
 to you from the QI offices in Covent Garden.
 My name is Dan Shriver, I'm sitting here with Andrew Huntamari.
 Anna Chazizki and James Harkin, and once again we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days and in a particular order, here we
 go, starting with you, Andy.
 Thank you.
 Well that incredibly forgetful introduction.
 My fact this week is that chicken's eggs turn from pointy end first to the blunt end
 first just before they come out.
 Like a baby?
 Like a baby.
 I don't know if babies have a pointy end, but when a baby is getting ready, yeah I guess
 the head is the head.
 So when you're getting ready to be born, babies will go into dive position.
 Well most babies do.
 Most babies.
 I was a breach as was my brother.
 So I wonder if chickens have the same thing, where sometimes you get a breach one where
 it's...
 Or quid eggs.
 Or quid eggs, yeah.
 And sometimes they have to Susereen it out because it's the pointy end first and it's
 just too difficult.
 Yeah, which seems counterinduitive, doesn't it?
 So why do they come out that end first, once you get past the most rounded bit, it probably
 just fires out.
 Yeah.
 It's exactly like a baby.
 That's why it's harder with a baby when they come out next to us because you have to push
 hardest right at the end, don't you?
 Babies should come out like, you know, like in the pencil position, like a pencil dive.
 Or like a diver the other way around, with the hands in a diving position.
 That'd be good.
 That's how I imagined Tom Daly was born.
 My water's broken.
 And there's lots of them.
 Judges hold of the date.
 I was talking about Tom Daly the other day.
 I have a theory that it might not even be a theory, it might be a fact.
 But if you were a diver and you dive off high boards, half of your training must be just
 walking upstairs.
 Now it's not a fact.
 No, I think that was a fact.
 What do you mean by training?
 Well, because if you're not used to walking upstairs, like Anna and I walked up some stairs
 the other day and I almost died, you lose your energy and he's got to now do a dive once
 he's at the top of them.
 Those boards are really high.
 That's really steep stairs.
 But they are elite sports people, not like you walking up the stairs that cover garden.
 But they must, they must part of their training must be like climb up some stairs.
 It must be.
 No.
 No possible reason why you wouldn't train them to climb stairs all the time.
 Actually, then elite divers have chair lifts so they can conserve their energy.
 There we go.
 Done, do you understand that if you get fit at one thing, sometimes that means you're fit
 at loads of other things.
 So if I become like a champion runner, I'll also probably find it easy to go upstairs.
 I don't disagree with that.
 I don't disagree with that.
 I don't think that's true.
 I think it uses different muscles.
 Yeah.
 But if you've seen these divers, they're like super fit.
 I'm not saying--
 They're not like flabby ass.
 People try to get up the stairs, are they?
 I'm annoyed that I've been bounced into the position now, supposedly saying that divers
 are not fit.
 You know, because all those competitions where they take a rest off way out, don't they?
 They have a sit down.
 Now, if the whole point of diving was to make the biggest splash possible, then you would
 have a lot of out-of-shape people climbing up.
 Yeah.
 And then that would be a problem.
 Yes.
 But did you mean--
 Because they might not make it to the dive.
 Well, that would be part of the--
 That's part of the competition.
 Yeah.
 So you have to be big enough to make a massive splash, but not big enough that you can't
 get to the top floor.
 And that's the two tensions.
 Yeah.
 I'm starting to think.
 You're right.
 Yeah.
 So hang on.
 You're saying that do you mean half a time that divers benched?
 I'm just saying I didn't factor in that that's half the gig getting up to the board.
 But then I think if you, once it's been a leaked diver, and you spent half of your training
 time climbing up and downstairs, and only half of your training time learning how to
 actually dive, probably--
 But they must--
 No, it's right.
 They must do.
 How long does it take to get up those stairs?
 30 seconds.
 But how long do you spend fapping around getting ready for the dive?
 Probably about 30 seconds.
 They're probably catching their breath again.
 They're not all-- that's not where all training happens, of course, with divers.
 They do a lot in maths and stuff like that.
 It's a lot of gymnastics and stuff like that.
 Yeah, I didn't know that.
 I see.
 You're just saying they spend half their time because to practice--
 Yeah.
 --you do have to go up the stairs.
 We're just down saying they actually need to practice going up the stairs.
 If you got there and you don't even have time to complete the first half of your modules,
 you just got to the top of the stairs.
 Something about the man who discovered this.
 The man who discovered-- I'm just a reminder of the fact that chicken's eggs turn from pointy
 end first to blunt end first just before they hatch.
 He was an egg scientist, he studied birds and bird's eggs.
 And he was called Heinrich Wickman, or Wickman, and he found out by marking the eggs with
 a pencil, up the birds, just an hour before they laid the eggs.
 So he inserted a pencil into the bird's cloaca.
 Wow.
 I know.
 Anyway, I got this in a book called The Most Perfect Thing as a book all about birds eggs by
 guy called Tim Burkehead.
 And I do recommend it.
 It's a really interesting book.
 An egg shape is-- that specific shape is the most pleasing shape that it could be to
 us.
 So they've done some brain tests that look at the kind of surface curvature that humans
 find most pleasing.
 And across all societies, it's that exact curvature.
 Wow.
 So if it goes more pointy or more squash, then we don't enjoy looking at it as much.
 And I think it's because we've evolved to think that that's what a healthy bit of tissue
 development would look like.
 But what's interesting is that different eggs are different sizes for different birds,
 aren't they?
 So is this a chicken egg you're talking about?
 Chicken egg, yeah.
 Interesting.
 But they're often quite-- you do get more rounded eggs, but you don't get, like, really
 long thing.
 It's way off, then, because then the bird that was born in them, like maybe a snake's egg would
 be like that.
 A stick bird.
 A stick bird.
 A stick flamingo egg would be like that.
 Yeah.
 But you do get round ones.
 You do get round ones.
 Yeah.
 Who do round ones?
 Some other ones.
 Some other birds, too.
 Yeah.
 There was a theory.
 I don't think this might not be true anymore, but the idea that the egg shape ones don't really
 roll out of nest very well.
 The ones which are more rounded are ones that lay eggs on the floor, so they might not fall
 out of trees as likely.
 Yeah.
 Are you going to debunk that theory?
 I've read a debunk, but I can't-- I didn't look into it properly.
 There is something in this book about it as well, actually.
 I can't remember chapter and verse.
 Yeah.
 They could have done, in order to find it out with modern technology, a sort of X-ray
 video.
 Because do you remember those that incredible photo of what a kiwi bird looks like just
 before it gives birth?
 Yeah.
 I used to have that picture on my wall.
 It's so-- I don't think we just love the curvature so much.
 Well, it's just because you're looking at it going, is this a kiwi with an egg in it, or
 is this an egg with a kiwi over it?
 It's both.
 It's really.
 It's both.
 They're both the same size.
 Are you inside your clothes?
 Are they outside of you?
 I think this James is both.
 Is it?
 Yeah.
 Why am I mind that?
 The equivalent-- if a kiwi bird, when you see this picture, and I highly recommend Google
 this picture--
 Yeah, I'll put it on my Twitter.
 I'll put on a kiwi podcast as well.
 It's equivalent to a human giving birth to a four-year-old.
 Oh.
 Oh.
 That's how big the egg is.
 And they're all wearing jumpers and things.
 That would be especially scratchy and difficult.
 Leggo.
 Leggo.
 Jumping into your whole way out.
 Did you know that mammals evolved milk in order to wet their eggs?
 What?
 I don't even understand that.
 Yeah.
 I know.
 Like cooked chicken eggs?
 For it.
 Not-- we didn't-- we didn't evolve milk
 so we could poach a good egg in here.
 [LAUGHTER]
 What's the egg?
 What eggs?
 So millions of years ago, when our ancestors were still laying eggs, they didn't have shells.
 So they had, like, quite a porous membrane.
 And that meant that they would dry out really easily.
 And so we evolved milk, people think, now, in order to, like, put it over the eggs.
 What?
 Make sure that they didn't get dehydrated.
 And then we realized-- evolution realized-- that quite a good use of this milk would be as
 a way of transferring some nutrients into the offspring in our egg.
 And so we developed more and more nutrients in our milk, and then kept putting that in the
 egg.
 And then eventually, that our milk became so nutrient-filled that it became just something
 we could nurture a baby with.
 That is cool.
 Wow.
 I was reading that you can know what color an egg is going to be from a chicken by looking
 at its ears.
 Chicken's done of external ears, do they?
 They have earlobes.
 Have earlobes?
 Do they?
 Yeah.
 Prominent.
 You've seen them.
 I think maybe you just didn't think of them as being earlobes.
 Yeah.
 So if they have white earlobes, they'll have white eggs.
 And if they have red earlobes, they'll have brown eggs.
 This, the article stresses, is not always the case.
 Right.
 OK.
 But they do say that it's something that people have noticed more often than not.
 It's almost always the case, I think.
 You can tell it's going to be a color similar to the earlobes.
 Are you, Andy, as imagining a chicken with human ears?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And it's disgusting.
 Yeah.
 You ever seen a chicken?
 Do you know what a chicken is?
 Yeah.
 OK.
 Yeah.
 I just was, because this is your fact.
 So I was just checking you had Google chicken before you came in here.
 Yeah.
 I think it's not the first thing you see when you look at a chicken, though, is it?
 You see the feathers and you see the beak.
 It's not the initial--
 And sometimes the little feathery trousers, you know, the little spurs they have.
 Those are pretty cute.
 Oh, yeah.
 Those were the big cowboys told.
 But it's not like elephants were the first thing you see as there is.
 Yeah.
 The first thing you see on an elephant is the trunks, James.
 Well, I'm looking for the side.
 Yeah.
 It's facing away from you.
 I can't catch a slay.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 OK, it is time to move on to fact number two.
 And that is James.
 OK, my fact this week is that the former prime minister of Georgia
 has started taking famous trees from around his country, digging them up,
 and then planting them in his own garden.
 He's like, he's personally digging them up.
 He's digging them up.
 It's amazing.
 So I was re-- so for our book, which is coming out in November,
 I was reading about the world geopolitical situation.
 And there's things happening in Georgia.
 There's elections in Abkhazia where they're trying to get out of Georgia.
 And while I was reading that, I came across this guy.
 And I can't believe I've never heard about him before.
 He's called Bidzina Ivanishvili, and he's taking trees from around the country,
 and I've had driving them or putting them on a ship,
 and then taking them to his house and planting them.
 And he says, it's my hobby.
 I really love big trees.
 Giant trees are my entertainments.
 How many famous trees are there in Georgia?
 And not as many as they used to be.
 Ah.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So this is the thing.
 He reckons that it's a good idea, because before the people who have the trees on their land
 might not have been properly looking after them.
 And so if he puts them on his land, then he'll be able to look after them on his arboretum.
 But ecologists are skeptical.
 Well, it does say, doesn't he, though, that he'll plant 10 trees for everyone that he takes away?
 Or I think at least he did that for one of them.
 He did that for this giant tulip tree.
 It was a 650-ton tulip tree.
 Whoa.
 I thought tulips were like small.
 Yeah, I thought they were as well.
 I guess this is just one 650-ton tulip.
 Yeah, well, you know his context, actually.
 It's all in the way the photo's done.
 So you know those fields of tulips you see in the Netherlands.
 Those are actually all massive.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Well, you do see the upwind mill, though.
 So maybe Dutch windmills are absolutely massive.
 They're even bigger.
 I bet.
 Maybe he's just chuping them all.
 Maybe he's told them it's a tulip tree.
 So he's like, oh, I'll just give you these extra tulip seeds.
 You could have 10 of them, cab as well as you want.
 This guy, he does sound amazing, though.
 He is incredible.
 And he's got this mansion, hasn't he, which
 is kind of disgusting, if you look it up.
 And it's basically, it is the James Bond mansion.
 It's like a giant glass spaceship.
 Yeah.
 And it's on a mountain side, isn't it?
 So it overlooks the capital of his country
 from a mountain side.
 Yeah.
 So the indie went and interviewed him.
 And when he went there, he said,
 there are eight different breeds of peacock and I have them all.
 So he really likes collecting loads of stuff, basically.
 Yeah, he has loads of animals, doesn't he?
 He has zebras, what else do you see?
 Kangaroos.
 Kangaroos, penguins.
 He is also rumored to have a shark tank.
 He does, yeah.
 Yeah, he does because he has to keep importing loads of salt
 for it all the time, I think, like gallons of salt.
 Apparently, in the whole way of his house,
 he has a work by Gilbert and George with a slogan that says,
 "Say fuck off to rich bastards."
 His net worth is $4.8 billion.
 Yeah, I think his net worth is like 50% of the GDP of Georgia,
 doesn't it?
 No, no.
 It's between a third and a half, depending on which source you read.
 But it is, yeah.
 Well, he sounds like the right man to be the former leader
 of the country, doesn't he?
 Yeah.
 If he is, basically, the GDP of Georgia.
 Well, indeed.
 Yeah, that's true.
 And just quickly, on trees in Georgia,
 I don't think I'm going to get another chance
 to get my trees in Georgia factor out of this.
 Well, that's what I have next week.
 Yeah, it's possible.
 You could put it in the book.
 Oh, yeah.
 Well, just in case I don't do that.
 So basically, Georgia breed Christmas trees.
 And you know the tree that we call the nordman fur
 and it gets called the Caucasian fur.
 It's basically the famous Christmas tree in Europe,
 as in 45 million gets sold all around Western Europe each year.
 These trees are grown elsewhere,
 but they're originally from Georgia,
 as in the seeds that grow them, or from Georgian Christmas trees.
 And people in Georgia climb up them
 and they're massive.
 OK, so it's quite dangerous.
 There are fatalities every year.
 They collect the cones, which have got the seeds inside them,
 and then they sell the seeds to places like Denmark.
 And then Denmark actually does the work of growing
 and selling the trees.
 But Georgia misses out, because obviously,
 you need loads and loads of pine cones.
 And then they get sold for much more.
 It's like drugs, you know, it starts off quite cheap.
 But the street value of these trees is massive.
 So the Georgians, I think, they want to break into that
 and start growing their own trees.
 Say no to pinecons, kids.
 Yeah.
 Hey, while we're just on Christmas trees,
 did you guys know that elephants floss using Christmas trees?
 Mm.
 Have you guys heard that?
 No.
 I don't think that's true.
 It's true.
 It's true.
 Elephants floss using Christmas trees.
 At least that's what I read.
 In Germany, they've got this tradition every year.
 So they give their Christmas trees to the elephants at the zoo.
 And people just hand over their trees.
 And the elephants eat them.
 They can get through like three trees a day.
 But they also have been seen flossing with them.
 So I guess flossing the tree out of their teeth.
 But holding it with their trunk and then in and out
 between their teeth.
 Yeah, I mean, I haven't seen any pictures myself.
 They must be because they don't have opposable thumbs today.
 So it must be with their trunk.
 That's the only prehand style part of their body.
 Yeah.
 But it's weird that you would try and get a tree out with a tree.
 And how would it not be?
 Would it not be that that tree would get stuck?
 Oh, yeah.
 Then you get a slightly larger tree.
 It's the elephant version of the old woman who swallowed a fly.
 It's the elephant who flossed with a Christmas tree.
 Yeah.
 Eventually has to swallow a tulip tree, which
 is the biggest on Earth, apparently.
 Speaking of trees, by the way, very quickly, we have just
 discovered that there were more trees on Earth
 than we thought there were.
 So there are now 427 million hectares more
 trees than we thought there were on Earth.
 How many did I think there were?
 427 million hectares less than the number you've got in your head.
 Yeah.
 So minus that from whatever you've had
 to put it into context, by the way.
 That is, if all that tree, the new tree was put into a place,
 a single place, it would take up 60% of the surface of Australia.
 That's actually kind of less than I thought it would be.
 Yeah.
 But no, is that only the bonus trees that we've got?
 It's not all the trees in the world, is it?
 Yeah, yeah.
 That's the extra bonus trees.
 So we can't just go nuts and start cutting down all the trees.
 Because we're the prime minister of Georgia.
 Well, the ex prime minister of Georgia.
 What it does mean is that he's got a lot more to collect now.
 But he's not collecting every tree.
 He's just collecting individual examples.
 Is he collecting all the trees in the world?
 That is the famous tree.
 Oh, we don't know, do we?
 Because we only know where he's got to sell far.
 We don't know where he's going to start.
 Because maybe he's starting with the most famous.
 But his list includes every single tree on the planet.
 And he's just working his way down.
 That's the least famous tree.
 Exactly, yeah.
 What is the least famous tree?
 Nobody knows.
 That was the thing.
 Well, only he knows, and his mother.
 Did I ever tell you guys that my dad--
 so I used to live when I was born in Hong Kong.
 We lived in an island just off Hong Kong called Discovery Bay.
 And my parents lived in this house.
 And next door to them, their neighbor
 had a tree in their front yard.
 And my dad used to love this tree.
 He just used to think, I want one day to have a tree
 in my front yard as well.
 And so he went out.
 He got really drunk one night.
 And he came back.
 And he doesn't really remember what happened.
 But in the morning, my mom went outside, opened the doors,
 and went, Roger, what have you done?
 And he quickly jumped up, and he saw what he must have done
 in his drug and state, which is clearly he was walking home.
 He saw the tree, thought, god damn it, I want that tree.
 So he dug it up, and he brought the tree over,
 and he planted it in our front yard.
 No way.
 But what he had failed to do was to cover up his tracks.
 So he saw the tree planted beautifully in our yard
 with a huge trail of debris and dirt
 leading to a gigantic hole sitting in our neighbor's front yard.
 Amazing.
 Do you know what I think, actually, even without that trail
 of earth, your neighbor might have just
 about figured out when we're going on there?
 I know.
 I know that swing.
 You're saying that your dad, when drunk, on his way home,
 dug up a tree, presumably he was just on his way home,
 so he wasn't carrying his spade with him.
 So the implication is, he dug it up with his bare hands.
 Also, I can only imagine Dan's dad likes trees
 that are tree size, so it must be pretty big, right?
 So he dug out this tree, all he thought of that tree
 went home, got the spade.
 Well, home was just next door, so it was very convenient.
 He could have dug it up with a cart, and he got his cababin.
 Yes.
 You're right.
 It was in Australia, Hong Kong, sorry.
 Hong Kong, all cabab cartons are made of reinforced steel
 in case of burning your hands.
 By the way, he put the tree back,
 so no one needs suppressed criminal charges or anything.
 I don't know if the guy ever noticed, by the way.
 My mom woke up really early in the morning,
 unless he was a very late riser.
 I think he probably noticed.
 So your dad may be replanted it before this guy woke up?
 Yes, I have.
 He may be wake-up, he's like, this is orientated.
 Just slightly different.
 That swing was on the other side.
 That poor guy is a mental help from the rest of his life.
 Just had a nervous breakdown.
 He actually invented the character of Groot
 for the Guardians of the Galaxy film about a mischievous tree.
 Just quickly, while we're talking about moving trees,
 whether illegally or legally or with a polystyrene carton,
 if you don't have a polystyrene carton down,
 you can get these unbelievably cool things,
 and they're called tree spades.
 So they're these massive boxes, right?
 They look like a big space egg.
 And you surround the tree with it.
 I don't know quite where you uncouple it
 and surround the tree.
 And then what it does is it has these massive round-edged blades
 which dig into the ground, very carefully lift up
 the entire tree, roots and everything.
 And then they can tilt it sideways
 and put it onto, for example, the side of a van or whatever.
 That's so cool.
 Or probably on the back of a van, not the side of a van.
 Yeah, yeah.
 That's amazing.
 That sounds like it's given it a pot.
 Like it's the egg shape underneath.
 It's just created the pot for a standard.
 And the really cool thing is they've been doing this
 for hundreds of years, or at least, I think, 150 years,
 as they were doing this in Brooklyn,
 but just without the big mechanical element.
 But they still had these cool devices, too.
 So without the mechanical element, it's just a spade.
 Well, yeah, they have spades.
 They have spades, the other spades.
 The spades goes back 150 years.
 Not a lot of people know that.
 No, they have these big tree-moving wagons.
 Oh, right.
 Yeah.
 So they put them onto the wagon sideways, do they?
 Yeah.
 The Prime Minister of George, or the ex-Prime Minister of George,
 it didn't do that.
 He sent his sticking upwards.
 No.
 Yeah, so there's some amazing pictures online.
 I'll try and put them on my Twitter.
 There's one where he has a tree on a kind of a raft.
 And he's taking it on the black sea, and it's just sticking up.
 That's the way it is.
 They look incredible.
 You should look at the pictures.
 Incredible.
 If you took it from someone's land,
 you wouldn't necessarily know he was stealing it.
 It just might look like, oh, it looks a bit further away today.
 I'm sure you'll have it.
 Exactly.
 So then he took them along the coastline of the black sea,
 but the coastline of the black sea is really shallow.
 And so he got stuck there.
 And so he then had to make a new road to take a trail on.
 And then that road collapsed.
 So he had to make a new road.
 And also, one time he took a tree on the highway,
 and it was a magnolia tree.
 And when he was taking it, it got stuck on a eucalyptus tree
 that was growing on the side of the road, so it's kind of angled.
 Did it take the eucalyptus tree with it?
 Was it just like a tree chain?
 I don't buy one, get one tree.
 He's a hell of a lot of hassle.
 There's a whole bit of it, isn't it?
 Yeah, his wife's probably saying
 you need to collect something smaller.
 Or maybe he's just getting drunk every night
 and finding these trees in his garden every night.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Just because you mentioned Christmas trees earlier,
 I was reading this amazing story about the Christmas tree
 shipping industry, which used to be huge in the US.
 They used to ship hundreds of Christmas trees on ships.
 And there was this particular famous ship called the Rouse Simmon Ship.
 And it used to carry thousands of trees.
 And then in 1912, it had this very famous accident, and it sank.
 So it was carrying 5,500 trees from Michigan to Chicago,
 across Lake Michigan.
 And it was captain by this guy called Sherman,
 who was so famous as a Christmas tree importer
 that people called him Captain Santa.
 And he used to go-- he used to land in Chicago.
 And he really liked giving out Christmas trees to the poor
 and people who couldn't afford Christmas.
 What do you know?
 It doesn't quite make sense, because Santa arrives
 after the tree has been sorted out.
 Basically, Santa doesn't bring the tree down the chimney.
 Maybe Captain Santa comes and sorts that out.
 Santa's like Santa's boss, isn't it?
 Santa just left ten and Santa is his full size.
 They should give him his full title.
 It's very confusing and that's so cool.
 So Captain Santa used to do this.
 And then there was this awful, there's a storm that sunk the whole ship
 and it killed everyone on board and all the trees sunk.
 So for years, afterwards, fishermen on Lake Michigan
 would catch huge Christmas tree catch.
 What I quite like is, first of all, his business partner,
 who would always wait in Chicago with him,
 was called Claude Winters, quite nice numbers of determinism.
 Wow, yeah, and also Captain Santa Claude Winters.
 It's one letter away from Santa Claude's Winters.
 Yes, yeah.
 OK.
 Anyway, just the other bizarre thing about this accident
 was that the Captain Santa left a message in a bottle
 when he knew the ship was in trouble.
 And he corked it using the small piece of a cut pine tree
 from one of the trees that was on board.
 And he left this message and it got picked up.
 And the message just said, everybody, goodbye.
 I guess we are all through leaking bad God help us.
 Leaking bad, that sounds like a new Netflix show, doesn't it?
 It's about the White House.
 OK, it is time for fact number three.
 And that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that US military medics
 use longer needles than normal because soldiers
 are often too buff for the regular ones.
 I think this sounds like a boast by the American army.
 Yeah, it does, doesn't it?
 Yeah, you should see the size of our condoms.
 It's just a bit too convenient.
 And it's a common thing, isn't it, in armies,
 that they send like enormous condoms.
 We saw Jimmy Carter the other day,
 and he told us that story about Churchill.
 Oh, yeah.
 There was a gun where they had a sheath kind of thing put over it.
 And it was made by Jurex.
 And so it was like a condom, but it was the size of a machine gun.
 It was the stop the gun jamming or freezing.
 Yeah, that's right.
 And so what they did was they got a big consignment of them.
 And then Churchill supposedly said, well, let's label it
 to British condoms small.
 So let me give you a bit of background of where
 I got this fact from.
 I'm reading a really good book called Grunt by Mary Roach.
 And she went round looking at all innovations
 going on in the military and classic Mary Roach investigation
 finding out very much what we love, you know,
 the quirky facts about certain things.
 So this book's military.
 And she spent time with a bunch of medics.
 And this was told to her that basically a lot of the soldiers
 are so muscular, particularly around the pecs.
 And they often need to give them injections
 when they're out in the field for collapse lungs.
 And they were finding in autopsy's when they were doing it
 later because in autopsy's, they all get an autopsy.
 Any soldier that dies gets an autopsy
 when they were going to check out the collapse lung
 and putting the needles in, none of them were reaching.
 And they thought, this is no use for the field.
 So needles, I don't know if it's all the needles,
 but certainly there's a lot of needles
 that are extra-large long needles.
 That's amazing.
 Yeah.
 They also have to make bigger needles for obese people,
 I think.
 Do they, right?
 They did a study with some obese people.
 They put the needles into their buttocks
 to see if the stuff would get to the muscles.
 And they found that, in less than a third of the patients,
 what they injected was getting through to where it needed to be.
 So they need to start making needles, which are now longer
 for obese people as well.
 Terrible if you've got a fear of needles.
 Yeah.
 Although, so a good way of combating a fear of needles
 has just been developed.
 It's never have any Western medicine.
 Because if you get acupuncture,
 you've really gone through to that.
 No, if you've got a fear of needles,
 scientists have developed this thing, which
 is a pill that's covered in needles that you swallow
 and that injects you from the inside.
 What?
 And that has to get you over it.
 And this is really cool.
 So I think this has been tested.
 It was tested on pigs the last time I read about it,
 but it might have been updated.
 And it was to administer insulin.
 And basically, it's these little pills
 and they cover them in tiny needles.
 And then they have an outer coating of the pill.
 And when the pill gets into your stomach,
 then the outer coating of the pill dissolves.
 And all these tiny needles prod the lining of your stomach.
 And they administer the drug straight into your bloodstream.
 But do you have to pass the needles out later on?
 I think so.
 But we're talking, like, one millimeter, less than a millimeter.
 I don't know.
 That still sounds painful.
 Maybe they dissolve.
 Maybe they do dissolve.
 Yeah, they're really tiny.
 Well, here-- OK, here's a less painful one
 if you don't want to swallow needles.
 This is-- this is used.
 I don't know if it's-- if it was-- this is just the trial I
 was reading about, but they definitely have developed this.
 And it has been used.
 So instead of having a morphine needle,
 let's say, in order to numb you, you can, instead, now,
 have a lollipop.
 Wow, sticking it into your--
 No, yeah, that sounds like it'd be more painful
 than it would be in many ways.
 I would rather have morphine if I were in pain than a lollipop.
 Well, actually, on any day of the week,
 I'd rather have morphine than a lollipop.
 Interesting, it's okay.
 It's not your classic lollipop, obviously.
 It's-- they call it the fentanyl lollipop.
 And it's basically the drug.
 So it's got a drug in the lollipop.
 You eat it, and it absorbs through the tongue and the mouth.
 And that's really fast, apparently.
 So it spreads really quickly.
 And they can also tell when you've had too much.
 So because you're sucking--
 Because you're going, then, then, then, then, then, then.
 Exactly.
 Because if it does go into--
 it's a painkiller, it first goes into your tongue.
 It's going to be like at the dentist, isn't it, where
 you can't talk?
 Yes, exactly.
 It must numb your tongue.
 But they can, obviously, if they see that enough of the drug
 has been put into the patient, they
 can stop putting more by simply just taking the lollipop away.
 Yeah, that one.
 And then you're just going to be crying.
 Because there was an art installation once
 of a guy who gave babies lollipops
 and then took them off them and took photos of them crying.
 Oh, yeah.
 That's quite controversial.
 Well, unsurprisingly.
 Oh, surprisingly.
 Have you had one of these lollipops?
 Yeah.
 Do you know where the word syringe comes from?
 Syring's is a thing in a bird, which makes it like a larynx.
 Is it from that?
 It is from the word syring's.
 But I didn't know that bird thing.
 Because syring's was in Greek mythology.
 She was-- no, he-- look, she--
 Syring's-- she was a name.
 And she was being chased by the god Pan, right?
 And then she disguised herself as some water reads.
 OK, clever, but not clever enough.
 Because Pan then chopped the reads off
 and blew into them to make a whistling sound.
 And that's where he got his pan pipes.
 But it's also where the word syringe was taken from.
 Because you know, it's a long thing tube of something.
 That must be where the syring's of or a syring
 so the bird comes from because it's the whistling sound.
 And that's what they used to make their tweets.
 There we go.
 I have some things on mussels.
 Oh, cool, yeah.
 So there's a guy called Zhang Jingquan in China
 who holds a world record for pulling the largest vehicle
 by pressing a rice bowl onto his abdominal mussels,
 creating a suction, and then attaching it to a vehicle
 and pulling it.
 How large was the vehicle?
 It was 3,305.5 kilograms.
 And he pulled it for 10 meters.
 Wow.
 Just through suction, that adhered.
 It adhered to his muscular abdomen.
 I would have thought that they would always,
 because you're not flat enough to be able to put the suction
 on the floor.
 I'm Zhang Jingquan's.
 I'm really impressed by that.
 That's incredible.
 I think he did it to impress people.
 Did it--
 It's worked like a trial.
 It's half worked, I'd say, Anna.
 And then it's worked on you.
 I'm not impressed.
 You're not impressed.
 No, no.
 He's pulled a three-ton vehicle using suction on his abdomen.
 I think that's a very bad way of trying to pass
 your driving test.
 I think if I need--
 I told you, he wasn't trying to do that.
 He was trying to impress people.
 Oh, I see.
 Well, he hasn't done that either.
 OK.
 Did you guys know, one fact about the US military?
 Yeah, sure.
 And their pens?
 Do you know they all use the same pen?
 Just the one is so annoying.
 They're sharing this.
 Sorry, General McMaster's got the pen today.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Do you mean pen as a thing you write with,
 or that you keep animals in?
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah, the pen they write with it's
 called a Skillcraft pen.
 It's the same company that's been making their pen since,
 I think, the 1920s.
 But apparently, every American listening
 will apparently know what it is.
 It's used in war zones.
 It's designed to fit into US military uniforms.
 And--
 [LAUGHTER]
 It's designed not to be so impossibly large
 that it doesn't fit into a normal human pocket.
 All right.
 Yeah.
 So they've got this pen that fits snugly into their uniforms.
 It's so quickly designed that it can do that.
 It can stand in for a two-inch fuse.
 Apparently, it's designed for that.
 I don't know how a pen does that.
 What?
 It comes in handy during emergency tracky otomies, which
 I think a lot of people can do that.
 No, pens can't do that, you know?
 Oh!
 Yeah, there's a study done in actually most pens
 are not suitable for tracky otomies.
 Well, guys, you better get the Skillcraft
 if you feel like you're going to need one.
 So is it where you put a pen--
 OK, a pen at work?
 Yeah, you'll see it moving sometimes.
 Someone's choking, and then someone goes,
 ah, I'm a surgeon.
 And here's a biro, and I'll stick it in your neck.
 And you can breathe through the pen kind of thing.
 But anyway, if you're ever in that situation,
 it probably won't work.
 Oh, but it would have been stabbed in the neck.
 Unless you have one of these special Skillcrafts.
 Exactly.
 Anyway, more legends about this pen.
 So the main thing about it is they're all manufactured
 by blind workers.
 So it was set up, I think, during the Great Depression,
 as a way of giving work to people who would otherwise
 find it really difficult to find work.
 So everyone who works in the factory
 makes this doesn't have sight.
 And there are 16 page specifications
 for exactly what the pen has to be able to do.
 It needs to be able to write continuously for a mile,
 and in temperatures of up to 160 degrees
 and down to minus 40 degrees.
 All quite important for the army.
 If you've got secret messages that you need to get--
 I don't know when you're going to be in the army,
 and you have to write a line that's a mile long.
 Well, maybe you need to show your troops the ways
 of the nearest base.
 Yeah, it's a mile away.
 Wow, that sounds amazing.
 It's surrounded by legend.
 Apparently, the length of the pen
 is equivalent to 150 nautical miles on Navy maps.
 And that makes it easy for people in the Navy
 to navigate, because they use that pen,
 and they know that that equals 150 miles on the map.
 I mean, they could just look at the scale of the map.
 But sometimes--
 Because 150-- if it was 100, I could see that almost.
 But 150 isn't that round the number.
 Do you know what I mean?
 But they need to take, like, mentally alert.
 So it's important to test their math skills at the same time.
 But presumably, they're two inches long,
 because they can be used as a two-inch fuse.
 Yeah, maybe there's a bit that's detachable.
 But actually, two inches is quite a small pen.
 75 centimeters long.
 And that obviously would fit snugly
 inside the average soldier's uniform.
 5 centimeters is about that long, which is a short pen.
 That is.
 It's like a labbrox pen, or an agus pen.
 Yeah, agus pencil, yeah.
 So they're not that short.
 It must be a detachable bit.
 OK.
 OK.
 And you just thought I wanted to know about the SkullCraft pen.
 That's great.
 Very cool.
 I have one more thing about needles.
 So you know how mosquitoes bite you?
 Yeah, yeah.
 They've got six different needles, which I didn't know.
 Yeah, so they have this really complicated multi-part drill
 bit.
 So they have two which drill through the skin.
 They have two more which hold the edges of your skin apart.
 And there's a fifth one which drops saliva into you to stop
 your blood clotting.
 And then there's the sixth one which actually sucks the blood up.
 But that's not even the cool thing.
 The cool thing is how much volume would you say of blood?
 Mosquito can fit inside it.
 Well, the hand gesture you're making
 is about large melon size.
 OK, so how much is the mosquito?
 Yeah, so I would say it could fill 50% of its body.
 50% of its body, OK?
 Four-year-old child.
 OK.
 So if you look at ticks on--
 Yeah, yeah.
 They can get much bigger.
 Then they get about 1,000% of their own body.
 Well, here's what the mosquito says.
 Mosquitoes can fit 10 times as much blood into them
 as the size of a mosquito.
 Not through swelling up.
 Wow.
 What they do is, as her gut fills up,
 the female mosquito separates the water in the blood she's
 sucking up from the actual red blood cells.
 And she squeezes the water out of her bottom
 so she can fit more red blood cells, which
 is the good stuff that you can get.
 So does that mean that when a mosquito's biting you,
 it's also pissing?
 Well, it's your blood, though.
 It's the water from your blood, then.
 Yeah, but it doesn't matter where--
 When you're at 80, it doesn't matter.
 It's like, no, this isn't urine,
 because I was drinking orange juice earlier, right?
 Yeah, it's orange juice officer.
 It's just orange juice I'm pouring away here.
 Please tell the rest of me.
 Also, at that point, is it a mosquito
 with blood in it, or is it a lot of blood?
 It's with a mosquito around it.
 It's actually both.
 Is it?
 Yeah.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 OK, it is time for our final fact of the show.
 And that is Chazinski.
 My fact is that if you drew a dot in indelible ink
 on your eardrum, it would appear on the outside of your ear
 within a few weeks.
 Are you using the skill craft pen?
 So beloved by the US Army.
 Yeah, also--
 I was just thinking the skill craft pen would be good
 if you wanted to put it in the cloaca of chickens.
 Specifically designed to fit in the chicken cloaca.
 Yeah.
 And in a human ear.
 And also, a chickens cloaca, if you put it on a map,
 it's exactly 150 kilopters.
 If you don't have your pen.
 But it messes up the map.
 Where's the hazard work?
 What do you mean?
 It's amazing.
 So the way the eardrum works is that the skin
 grows outwards in a spiral, because it
 needs to carry dead skin out away from the eardrum,
 and then to the outside world where it falls off.
 And it grows at about the same rate as fingernails, I think.
 And so the skin starts off in your eardrum.
 And then it's carried out, picks up earwax, picks up all the dust,
 transports it outside the ear, falls out.
 Same speed as continent's move, because they always say
 that's the same as a fingernail, don't they?
 They do.
 Wait, so-- and also, it's a bit like a conveyor belt system?
 Exactly.
 And it's all the skin on your body.
 Does that originate in the ear?
 Or does it-- does it start?
 Is there a barrier where it stops growing outwards?
 If you drew a little start on your eardrum,
 then it just moves around the body.
 You'd have it if you want to get a tattoo very slowly.
 How did you get that--
 I'm not saying that the body is built
 from the earwax.
 It just falls off, and you leave it behind.
 But it must fall off at a certain point.
 Yeah.
 How far out of your ear before it falls off?
 On your foot.
 At the end of the big toe, it falls off.
 That's why your socks are always full of loose skin.
 With dots on them.
 That's right.
 No, actually, most of it is reabsorbed, actually.
 I think most earwax is reabsorbed back into the body
 before it reaches the outside.
 So I'm confused about this, because obviously,
 you get earwax in the ears, and this
 is related to the ear drum.
 Yes, so--
 Is it reduced at the ear drum?
 It waxes.
 But ear wax is actually mostly dead skin.
 Yeah.
 Oh, it is.
 OK.
 That's what was confusing me, because yeah,
 I didn't know what it was made of.
 So it's got this kind of waxy stuff,
 but it's basically the big mass of it
 is bits of dead skin from your ear drum.
 So it's produced by these glands inside your ear,
 which I think are in the sort of outer ear.
 So the dead skin spirals up a bit,
 and then picks up the sticky substance from these glands.
 And it's got like fatty acids in it,
 it's got cholesterol in it, other fats.
 And it also has alcohol in it.
 So I really wanted to find out what the exact alcohol content
 of earwax was, and then work out the equivalent of a pine.
 Yeah, I can't.
 How much earwax would you have to eat
 before you went over the legal limit?
 Yeah.
 Oh, poor policeman.
 Who pulls you over?
 You just got a mouthful of earwax.
 You know, those medical trial things
 that people go and do to test things out.
 Imagine being that the gig you get.
 How much would they have to pay you
 to agree to eat enough earwax to get you drunk?
 Well, we don't know how much it is, you see.
 For all we know, it's just like one little tiny bit of earwax
 is enough to put you over the limit.
 Let's say that's a sharp glass full of earwax.
 Right.
 Absolutely.
 Well, I'll negotiate, but I'll start at 10,000.
 10,000?
 Yeah.
 I'll do it for probably a tenor, come on.
 What have I got in there?
 I was going in the other direction.
 Kale, we've agreed that my one's the one.
 OK.
 I think Hannah's currently leading the bed at the moment.
 I reckon we can crowdfot that 10,000, 10 pounds.
 And then you can both do it.
 So Japanese mothers clean out their kids
 is with these earwax, they're called mini khaki.
 And then when Japanese people grow up,
 they really like the feeling of it.
 And so you get ear salons where you go
 and you pay quite a lot of money to go and have
 your ears cleaned out, same kind of thing.
 But the thing about this is, if you start,
 which all of you would have read, when you start looking up,
 earwax and ears, there's not a single medical professional
 worldwide who doesn't say straight away,
 do not put anything in your ear.
 It's really, really back to you.
 Yeah, but then weirdly, we're all putting our fingers in our ears
 while we're talking about this.
 Yeah, I mean, you just did it then.
 I did, didn't I?
 I put a finger in my ears whenever any of you talk.
 I wonder if people listening to this are also putting
 their fingers in their ears.
 And it's a kind of thing that you just automatically do,
 like, you know, some kind of social things
 that are catching, you know, like a yarn kind of thing.
 Yeah, I bet.
 I spoke to a doctor once he said,
 "You should never put anything smaller than a caulge
 yet in your ear."
 And the thing was, obviously, you can't fit one of those in,
 but you shouldn't put anything else in.
 That is exactly the case.
 That's probably true of most, like, holes in your body.
 You shouldn't put anything smaller than a caulge, actually.
 A couple of years ago, they found a cat abandoned in Norfolk,
 right?
 Some people found it abandoned cat,
 and it had three ears.
 Really?
 And...
 Were they all belonging to it?
 Or had it just eating a mouse, is it?
 Yeah, this extra ear on its left-hand side
 in front of its other ear.
 Can you guess what they consider calling it?
 Oh, um...
 It's really good.
 Okay, ear.
 Ear, kitty, kitty.
 That's very good.
 That's very good.
 It's ear, kitty, kitty, surely.
 Make sure, yeah.
 Well, no, it'd be ear, ear, ear, kitty.
 (LAUGHTER)
 Shall I tell you what they called it?
 And then you'll see, if you can guess why,
 they thought about calling it Captain Kirk.
 Okay.
 Because he had a wild frontier or something.
 It was an old joke, isn't it?
 Where did they go in Star Trek?
 A final frontier.
 Yes, it's a final frontier.
 Oh, yeah.
 And they considered calling it that,
 and then they called it Brian.
 (LAUGHTER)
 After three-aird Brian.
 Is that the worst outbreak turn of the name?
 (LAUGHTER)
 Speaking of cats, in 1968,
 New York vet Robert A. Lopez wanted to discover
 whether it was possible for the ear mite
 which you're getting cats to infest humans.
 So he removed some mites from a cat's ear,
 mixed them with his earwax,
 and then introduced them into his ear.
 And it turns out they can infest people's ears.
 (LAUGHTER)
 Really hoping for a no in this study.
 Really hoping for a no in this.
 Wow.
 So it was extremely painful.
 You know, it was loads of sounds in his ear all the time.
 They traveled deeper into his ear drum
 and they got louder and louder by the third week.
 He was completely deaf in the ear.
 Oh, my God.
 In the fourth week, the mites activity was 75% reduced,
 which is good.
 But he could feel the mites crawling across his face at night.
 Oh.
 On the inside or the outside?
 Across the outside of his face,
 probably trying to find the new ear.
 (LAUGHTER)
 Oh, my God.
 So he finished that and then did the experiment two more times.
 (LAUGHTER)
 With his other two ears.
 (LAUGHTER)
 And found that the fex diminished,
 which he said that maybe his body found an immune reaction
 against the mites.
 That's good.
 So there are two ways of avoiding suffering
 from cat-might infestations.
 Either infest yourself repeatedly.
 Or just don't do it in the first place.
 (LAUGHTER)
 There was a woman who she had a spider in her ear,
 didn't she?
 She had a live tarantula in her ear.
 No, you're thinking of the nursery rhyme, I think.
 Yeah.
 Because it was the fly first.
 There was no lady who put a fly in her ear.
 I don't know why.
 Now she can't hear.
 No, there was.
 There was a woman who had a live tarantula removed from her ear.
 And she inserted the colljettes to get rid of them.
 (LAUGHTER)
 OK, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we have said over the course
 of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Streiberland, Andy.
 @AndreyHunterM.
 James, @X8, and Anna.
 You can email a podcast at qi.com.
 Yep, or you can go to our group account,
 which is @qipodcast, or go to our website.
 No such thing as a fish.com.
 We've got all of our previous episodes up there.
 We have a link to our tour, which is happening in October
 in November.
 And we also have a link to our book, The Book of the Year,
 which is coming out in November.
 Check it all out.
 We'll be back again next week with another episode.
 We'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
