 Hello and welcome to no such thing as a fish presents international Factball.
 This is the only podcast out there that makes absolutely no mention of football despite being a football podcast brought to you by the QILs in
 Association with VisitingLin.com. My name is Dan Schreiber. I'm sitting here with Freddie Soms, James Harkin and Anarcha Zinski.
 And we're about to play the penultimate match in our competition and it is a triple header.
 A rare football occurrence that doesn't happen too often but is happening right now in which Iran, Argentina and Ecuador are about to battle off in a three-half match.
 So let's begin the first whistles about to go. Match is about to start and it's Iran.
 What's quite interesting about Iran?
 Okay, what do you think was the most popular TV show in Iran in 2002?
 Ooh, um, Crystal Maze.
 Yeah, the answer was Baywatch.
 Really?
 No wonder David Hasselhoff is so big around the world.
 They're only just hearing about him in certain places.
 Well, this was 2002, so that's what I was going to say.
 Satellite TV first came to Iran and Baywatch was all the rage.
 Wow, is it, is that not quite surprising that it's allowed?
 I'm not sure how allowed it was actually but yeah, people watched it nonetheless.
 Okay.
 You know, apparently satellite TV is now banned in Iran.
 Oh, is it?
 Yeah, because of Baywatch, they took one look at David Hasselhoff and thought this guy is not for us.
 Get the sound of here, yeah.
 I read that in Iran, the thumbs up, don't do it.
 Really?
 Doesn't mean what you want it to mean.
 What does it mean?
 It roughly means, but I like that someone's written this sentence as the rough meaning.
 Sit on my fallous asshole.
 That's what someone's put down as the rough meaning of a thumbs up.
 It's the same. It goes for Afghanistan, Nigeria, parts of Italy, and Greece as well, a thumbs up.
 Doesn't mean what we think it means.
 So speaking of the phallic thumb, it has that cemetery, doesn't it?
 On the border of Turkmenistan, it's got the phallic cemetery, which is a big tourist attraction
 in Iran now.
 No one knows why it's there, but there are hundreds of gravestones and they're all in the
 shape of either penises or like breasts or genitals of some sort.
 Oh, I thought you knew me.
 No, it's why.
 It's a cemetery for penises, separated from the bodies.
 Is it like an ancient cemetery or...?
 They do know very little research than done, and it was only documented first in the 70s,
 but I think people look quite nervous about research into it because Iran is a conservative
 country in a lot of ways and they have this whole massive cemetery of penises hanging out
 on its borders.
 That's amazing.
 Well, the idea of burying a penis that's just out of pride just having a gigantic casket.
 A morselium.
 Yeah, it's a tiny little shrivel thing.
 Yeah, exactly.
 A tiny, tiny little casket.
 He died on a cold day, what can we say?
 Speaking of body parts, Iran is the only country in the world to have like a regulated
 legal organ trade, and you're allowed to sell your own kidneys.
 It's only for Iranians, though, so you can't go there and buy a kidney, but there's quite
 a big thing about it because there's a lot of graffiti around the hospitals now and you'll
 get people advertising their blood type and like a phone number, so you can call them up
 and buy a kidney if you feel like it.
 Oh, wow.
 Okay.
 There's sort of like an eBay for kidneys.
 Can we sell our kidneys to Iranians or is it like foreigners bandled together because
 I actually am not being paid enough by QI, I need something to.
 Unfortunately, it's not for Iranians, no.
 The LUT desert I like, it's an area of Iran, it's so extreme, the temperatures are so high
 that if you put milk in the middle of the desert there, it won't turn sour because the bacteria
 can't live, and so it stays sterile.
 Wow.
 That sounds quite useful.
 That's why I should keep my milk.
 Yeah, your complex would be quite warm.
 Yeah, and it's a long commute for a cup of tea, but even so.
 Yeah, it's got the highest ever recorded temperature, I think, hasn't it?
 That's right.
 159 Fahrenheit or 71 Celsius for the modern among you.
 Things that are invented in Iran?
 Yes.
 Okay.
 Windmills?
 What?
 Really?
 Windmills?
 Yeah, apparently.
 The oldest known windmills we have are from Iran.
 Human rights, they are invented by Cyrus the Great, around 500 BC, and what's now known as
 Iran.
 Sorry, what does that mean?
 He drew up the first kind of human rights document.
 Yeah, code of human rights.
 Wow.
 And also April Fool's Day.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 You have the world's oldest wine from, it's actually from 5,000 BC, they've found six, two
 and a half gallon jars.
 It's in a neolithic village in Iran's northern Zagros mountains, but yeah, old is why it's
 7,000 year old wine.
 And apparently, it's still quite delicious.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 I think it would be quite vinegary.
 I might have gone a bit.
 Yeah.
 Depends, if they kept in the same circumstances as milk, they kept it in the lot, doesn't it?
 Is it?
 Yeah.
 You're right.
 What's weird is this?
 Main wine producing region is the Shiraz region, and they produce Shiraz wine, which
 is a white wine totally unconnected to Shiraz wine that we know today, the red wine from the
 Rowan region.
 It's not the same grape.
 Nope.
 Unconnected.
 There are theories about how maybe Shiraz came over from Iran, but it seems like that's
 a myth.
 Okay.
 We are vastly approaching half time.
 So if you have any Iranian facts that haven't been said.
 Yes.
 I have a good one.
 Go for it.
 They try to make the world's largest ostrich sandwich.
 Ostrich sandwich?
 Yep.
 It was going for a world record for the Guinness Book of Records, largest ostrich sandwich.
 It took two days to prepare the sandwich, a huge measuring tape ran across the length of
 the table, but before they could measure it, people rushed forward to eat it.
 You're kidding.
 So literally like Guinness is arriving ready to like take this down as a world record.
 They have it on video, but they didn't do the official measure because people let it
 before they could do that.
 I've got one last thing that's pretty good.
 It's actually illegal to wear a tie in Iran, because it's, you know, a symbol of American
 kind of encroachment on the nation.
 You remember Ahmadinejad was very famous for his 3-B suit, and he wore an open neck shirt
 at all times.
 Got a bit of the North career about it, doesn't it?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Less, less eyebrow than ties.
 Their most commonly sold detergent is called bath detergent.
 Bath, B-A-R-F.
 B-A-R-F, yeah.
 Vomit detergent.
 Yeah.
 That's very good.
 Okay.
 There we go.
 There's the half-time whistle.
 And now it's time for our half-time show, which comes in the form of a QI quiz brought
 to you by visitingland.com.
 And we have two questions for you in this half, and they are starting with you, Freddie.
 My question is, what does Mr. Chicken have in common with David Cameron?
 Mr. Chicken.
 Oh.
 Okay.
 And second question, Anna.
 My question is, so Barry is a 4-foot-long.
 He lives in New Key, and he has had a poem written about him by a rabbi.
 What is he?
 Okay, so if you want to find out the answers to his quiz questions, you're going to have to
 stay tuned for the end of the match, where we'll be revealing them there.
 But in the meantime, let's head back to the field for the second half of our match, and
 it is Argentina.
 Argentina.
 Okay.
 Let's go.
 I'll go in fact.
 And it's to do with football.
 No.
 I know I'm very sorry about this, but it's very quick.
 It's that the very first rulebook on football published in Argentina said that a player who'd
 been fouled could choose to accept an apology from the Fowler instead of involving the referee
 in the situation, which I would make all modern football so much more interesting to watch
 a negotiation process going on, an apology, a shaking of hand, and then by the time the
 referee arrives, they can ask who will make this sort of thing.
 Yeah.
 That's my football fact.
 No more football.
 Sorry.
 So Argentina since 1944 has had an average rate of inflation of 205%.
 And since 1969, it's dropped off about 13 zeros from its currency, which means the Argentinian
 peso is worth about one ten trillionth of what it was worth back then.
 Yeah.
 Really plummeted to the last century.
 That's really plummet.
 It is.
 It's gone downhill fairly fast.
 Trillion.
 I've never heard anyone say a trillionth about anything.
 Except in a ridiculous exaggeration context of their five-year-old, used to be the eighth
 wealthiest country in the world, about 1900.
 Argentina was.
 Argentina was, yes.
 There's a practice that's arisen in Argentina lately of selling ferrets on steroids and
 disguising them as expensive little dogs.
 People have been paying quite a lot of money for what they think are toy poodles in Chihuahua
 and they don't have to be ferrets and they're given steroids when they're born to make
 them bigger.
 And then they get really fluffed up.
 And if you see pictures of them, they kind of look like a Chihuahua, but they mainly
 look like a really fluffy big ferret.
 And they've been complaints about that.
 I'm not surprised there's been complaints.
 Ferrets are brutally aggressive as well.
 You expect this cute little sweet Chihuahua and then suddenly it attacks your small child.
 I don't know.
 John Mitchinson, who was on one of these earlier podcasts, he used to have pet ferrets and
 he said they were the best pets you can have.
 Really?
 Yeah, he said they were very loving.
 Apparently, when happy ferrets may perform a routine known as the Weasel Ward dance, which
 is characterized by a series of hops and frenzy attempts to bump into things, which is
 the stone hole you want from your new to our very similar to John Mitchinson.
 I didn't know that Shagua Verre was Argentinian, but did you guys know that he was, he used to
 be a journalist for a rugby magazine.
 That's cool.
 Yeah, he was a massive rugby union fan and he was a player as well in Bonniserys, played
 for three clubs and he founded a magazine for rugby called Tackle and it ran for three
 months between May and July, 1951.
 He was the sole contributor to the magazine as well as the editor and was accused by the
 police of spreading communist propaganda in some of the articles when he commented on the
 class system in different Argentinian rugby teams.
 Okay, so we're, yeah guys, we're running out of time here.
 The Weasel's about to go.
 We're heading towards our second half time of the match, there's rare moments.
 Does anyone want to throw anything in before we go to it?
 Argentina has the largest Welsh settlement outside of Wales.
 It's the Chewbut region, it was settled by the Wales in the late 19th century and 10% of
 its population have Patagonian Welsh as a first language and I think about a third of its
 population speak Patagonian Welsh as a first or second language, yeah.
 And it's got six newspapers and I think two of them are in Welsh.
 It's not weird, middle of Argentina, bunch of people speaking Welsh.
 That's wonderful.
 Alright, here's another fact.
 The male Argentinian lake duck has a 42 inch penis.
 That is impressive.
 That is getting an impressive gravestone if it's in Iran.
 Okay, so there's the Weasel, that's the end of that half of the three halfed match.
 And now it's time for our second half time show, which once again is brought to us by visiting
 Lin.com and it comes in the form of another question and that's from you James.
 Okay, just one question for this second half.
 The world's first dog show took place in 1859 in Newcastle.
 What was controversial about the winners?
 It was a thorough undroids.
 Okay, well, if you want to find out the answer to that question and the two previous questions
 from the first half half time, then stay tuned to the end of the match where we will be revealing
 all of the answers.
 Okay, so now it's time to head to the third half of our match.
 Yes, screw you, Matt.
 Yeah, and here it is, Ecuador.
 Ecuadorians prior to 2004 were renowned for being late.
 According to their own country, their country was like, guys, everyone's way too late.
 And the lateness supposedly cost Ecuador 2.5 billion a year.
 So what they did was in October of 2004, everyone synchronized their watches at noon.
 Wow.
 And this was the mark of the beginning of a national crusade against lateness.
 But you know the crazy thing about Ecuador is nature has its own constitutional rights in
 Ecuador.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 It says that nature has the right to exist, persist, maintain and regenerate its vital cycles,
 structures, functions and processes in evolution.
 Does nature have, like, seats in parliament?
 No, well, this is the thing it has rights, but no responsibilities.
 It's not good.
 But in return, nature, no tornadoes, no earthquakes.
 Wow.
 Wow.
 That's great.
 Scientists in Ecuador in 2010 looking for new species and they found a gecko so small
 it can perch on top of a pencil and a new species of snail sucking snake.
 Apparently they said that when they went there, you could, if you go to any one spot in Ecuador,
 you can find 20 or 30 species of frog.
 And if you go to the next site over, you'll find a whole bunch of different ones.
 Just loads and loads of frogs in Ecuador.
 Wow.
 They've also got the world's smallest orchid, which is extraordinary.
 The person who spotted it because the world's smallest orchid is just 2.1 millimeters wide.
 Wow.
 Oh my god.
 And petals of one cell thick.
 That's so small.
 Yeah, but it'd be great, be great excuse for Valentine's Day, wouldn't it?
 Well.
 When you can say to your girlfriend or boyfriend when they said, "Yeah, I'm going
 to be on me."
 And he said, "What are you talking about?
 But you are forest."
 Ecuadorian orchids.
 Is there a tiny, tiny gecko balanced on top of the tiny orchid, do you think?
 Abdullah Bicaram, Ecuadorian president, he released a CD called "A Crazy Man Who Loves."
 It was an actual album.
 After winning his presidency, he once invited Lorena Bobbitt to the Ecuadorian...
 That's a woman who cut off her husband's penis.
 She was an Ecuadorian woman.
 And John Wayne Bobbitt's wife was Ecuador and she was the one who very angrily lobbed off
 the penis of John.
 Can that also be found in the Iranian graveyard?
 Well, you would hope so.
 That would be the star of the future, wouldn't it?
 The thing about Abdullah Bicaram, who's quite good, is he caused a national scandal by serenading
 the winner of the international Miss Banana contest.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 Now, I read that and I can't for the life of me work out why I didn't look into
 what the hell the Miss Banana contest is.
 What is it?
 It's just a beauty contest, like it's just to celebrate bananas and to promote them.
 Miss Banana contest, I definitely want to take it to the next Miss Banana contest.
 So, to be clear, is the winner of the Miss Banana contest a banana or a woman?
 A woman.
 It's a woman.
 It's not another.
 I know.
 That would be leading.
 It would be an even bigger scandal if the president was serenading a banana.
 Yeah.
 On Ecuadorian politicians and politics in 1967, in the town of Picoazza, in Ecuador, the
 people of Picoazza elected a brown-of-foot powder as mayor.
 It won the mayoral election.
 It was a footballer called Pulvapies and it was meant to be a tongue-in-cheek, PR campaign.
 It was like elect for Pulvapies to get rid of your rancid foot odor and it won the election.
 I don't know how many people know this.
 It may be kind of a boring fact, but you know, in all the Andean countries, it's really
 popular to chew coca leaf, right?
 It's kind of a stimulant.
 I mean, obviously, it's what you use to make a cane, but it's a big problem because, you
 know, the war on drugs, they want to burn all the coca plantations, but it's also a massive
 part of Andean culture, so they're all still just chewing coca leaf to kind of keep themselves
 awake at night and do whatever.
 Yeah.
 The other Andean delicacy I suppose is guinea pig.
 You can have it in a couple of different ways, but I've had it on a stick.
 Oh, really?
 It's nice.
 It tastes nice.
 I mean, it's like a guinea pig lullipop.
 Exactly.
 The cheeks are the best bit.
 Are they?
 Yeah.
 Did I remember reading that there's a painting somewhere of the last supper where they're
 eating guinea pig?
 It's awesome.
 Yeah.
 I love it when there's the cultural artistic clashes.
 There's an Ecuadorian poet called Jose Joaquín Del Olmeido, and there's a statue of him
 in Ecuador, but it's not actually him.
 They couldn't afford to make a new statue, and so they got a second-hand one depicting Lord
 Byron.
 Apparently.
 Did he look like Lord Byron?
 It was just another poet.
 No, it didn't look like him.
 Classic.
 Classic Ecuadorian hero, Lord Byron.
 A couple of years ago, a bunch of young Ecuadorians attempted to enter Senor Buro into
 the election, and Senor Buro was Mr. Donkey.
 He was a donkey.
 Sadly, he was not allowed to enter, but there was a big movement to get him voted in.
 Whoa, whoa, whoa.
 The donkey wasn't allowed to enter, but the foot powder was.
 I guess times have changed.
 They learned from their mistakes.
 Yeah, that was a tough ten-year, you know.
 It wasn't the same election.
 No, all right.
 That was a missed opportunity, yeah.
 Donkey versus foot powder.
 OK, that's the end of the third half of our match, but before we find out who is come
 out on top as the winner, let's get the answers to our visitingland.com quiz, and we started
 with a question from you, Freddie.
 So the question was, what does Mr. Chicken have in common with David Cameron?
 And the answer is that they've both lived in number ten.
 Ah, because, OK, so England, like Mr. Donkey, had a chicken, right for politics, successfully
 win and presuming?
 No, actually, it was a Mr. Chicken, a guy who lived in Downing Street in the early 18th
 century, and Warpole managed to convince him to move out, so he could take over.
 That was a real political coup.
 Yeah.
 OK, question number two, that was your asanna?
 Yes, so I told you that Barry is four-foot long.
 He lives in New Key, and he's had a poem written about him by a rabbi.
 Barry is a four-foot long reef worm, and he was found in New Key Aquarium, who wasn't supposed
 to be there.
 They saw him poking out, and they eventually had to dig up all the rocks in New Key Aquarium
 and found this hideous reef worm.
 OK, and finally, James, your question.
 Yes, my question was about the world's first dog show in Newcastle in 1859.
 My question was, what was controversial about the winners?
 The winners were judged by Mr. Jobbling and Mr. Brailsford, and were dogs belonging to
 Mr. Brailsford and Mr. Jobbling.
 Ah, very controversial.
 They just knew a lot about dogs.
 That's why they're judging this show.
 Obviously, you know a lot about dogs.
 That's true.
 You raise a prize-winning dog.
 Yeah.
 OK, so that's the end of our quiz.
 There are no prizes for that.
 However, if you do want a prize, if you want to win a QI book or a T-shirt or hat, head
 over to visit England.com where you can enter a competition to do so.
 And now it's time to find out who has won the penultimate match of our international
 fact-ball.
 Was it Iran?
 Was it Argentina?
 Or was it Ecuador?
 And I am going to go to James.
 OK, I think of those three, I'm going to go for Ecuador.
 How come?
 Just like the idea of everyone setting their watches at the same time.
 Oh, yeah, to solve lateness.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, yeah.
 OK, well, there we go.
 Ecuador has come out on top.
 And if you heard this podcast and you thought, hang on a second, it should have been Iran
 or it should have been Argentina or hang on who the hell does a three-half match to begin
 with.
 You can get in contact with us to ask any of those questions on our Twitter handles.
 Mine is @Sriberland, Freddie, @FSomes, James, @EggShaped, and Anna.
 You can get me on @Quickipedia or email podcast@QI.com.
 Has to get Anna on Twitter.
 OK, that's it for today's match.
 We're going to be back again tomorrow with our final match of the international fact-ball
 competition.
 And James, that's going to be the final two countries South Korea versus Ghana.
 OK, so that's going to be a good one.
 All right.
 Catch you guys tomorrow.
