 [ music ]
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming
 to you from the QI offices in Covert Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber, I am sitting here with Andrew Hunter Murray, James Harkin and
 Anna Chazinski and once again we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite
 facts from the last seven days and in no particular order here we go.
 Starting with you, Andy.
 My fact is that in 1833 the pyramid at Giza was almost dismantled by the Pasha of Egypt
 so that he could use the stones to build a dam.
 That's brilliant.
 That's amazing.
 And why did he not do it in the end?
 He was talked out of it.
 Someone said he sure you want to destroy the most ancient site in the world.
 So this was in 1833 and it was when Egypt was Ottoman ruled so it wasn't a local Egyptian
 ruler exactly and he was called Muhammad Ali Pasha and he did a sort of cost benefit analysis
 or he commissioned one from a civil servant to see how much it would cost and the civil
 servant was a Frenchman and he thought maybe it wasn't a good idea for the pyramid
 to be destroyed and his name was Linole Louis Maurice Adolf Linole and he was really young.
 It was one of his first jobs but I think he you know the story goes that he thought maybe
 this isn't a great idea.
 So he came up with this cost benefit analysis which said look this is going to be quite expensive
 and some of the stone isn't quite right and I know it's pretty cut and I know that's
 really convenient obviously but maybe don't do it.
 They did actually take some blocks didn't they from one of the pyramids?
 Yeah it was one of the great pyramids wasn't it?
 You can see that big gash down the side of it.
 So it was the pyramid of Mencaure and it was a guy called Sultan Al Aziz Uthman and he
 was in the 12th century and he decided to demolish the pyramids because he thought that
 they were not according to his religion let's put it that way and they took a few stones
 every day and after eight months they came up just like that says just this tiny little
 gash on the side of the pyramid because they just realized that these things are absolutely
 massive.
 So I was looking up people visiting the pyramids and because this is about them in the
 19th century so it turns out that people have been scribbling on the pyramids for many many
 years and Flobar Gustaf Flobar, a great French writer, visited Egypt in 1850 and he was so annoyed
 by all the graffiti everywhere.
 He wrote to his uncle he said there was a huge number of imbeciles names written everywhere
 and then he went to Alexandria he was really excited about Alexandria and then he wrote
 back saying a certain Thompson of Sunderland has inscribed his name in letters six feet high
 on Pompeii's column it can be read a quarter of a mile off there is no way of seeing the
 column without seeing the name of Thompson this imbecil has become part of the monument
 and is perpetuated with it.
 Yeah I saw that and then I also thought well let me see if I can find out who Thompson
 from Sunderland is so I was googling for I spent quite a lot of this morning doing this
 actually but I tried to find people called Thompson from Sunderland around that time and what
 I reckon is there was a shipbuilder called Thompson and he started his company about 15 years
 before this happened and eventually became quite a big shipbuilder in Sunderland and my
 guess is that's the kind of person who would leave Sunderland and go to Egypt to Alexandria
 where this was and maybe that was an advert for Thompson of Sunderland rather than him writing
 his name because it's in such big writing it's six feet high it would that would make quite
 a lot of sense I think and also if he's a shipbuilder he's got the tools to do it probably.
 Yeah the Victorians when they were touristing all over it they got much more access than
 we did so they would be able to climb up all the time and that was actually what they did
 and they have picnics on top so there are lots of pictures of Victorians with the picnic
 tables and drinking champagne on top of Pyramid's way more fun.
 Well during World War II that's one of the only stories I know of my grandfather during World
 War II he was very young but he got into it by lying about his age and he was a post
 deliveryman and he used to go past the Pyramids every day on his run so he's stationed in
 Egypt and on days when there was not much post he used to go and just sit on the Pyramids
 and have his lunch and just watch out yeah so even then World War II I guess you know see
 what we're two yeah because they did the same thing in World War I the Anzacs they were
 there and they used to have races up the Pyramids.
 Yeah which are quite hard to climb it looks like little steps but obviously when you're
 there they're really big clubs.
 The first European visitors they were offered sharp objects to make their own marks by
 Arab Guides as in you know to write your little graffiti and stuff like that.
 Oh you don't get that anymore?
 Yeah that's like a Stonehenge that used to do that I think we did.
 Yes they did.
 Yeah we used to mention.
 You got given a picac and a twerchisel.
 Yeah not a picac and a twerchisel I went to Stonehenge at one of these times where they
 let you go before all the tourists get there and if you even look like you're slightly
 touching one of these stones they are not happy at all they're really really and even if
 you try and imagine someone was to do this try and hide behind one of the stones so that
 people in charge can't see you they quickly run around to make sure that you're not touching
 anything.
 Those druids are pretty nifty aren't they?
 Don't end up in druid prison.
 What does it they chop your hands off?
 Well I never touched it Anna so I wouldn't know of course.
 Of course not.
 A lot of inscriptions on the pyramids are from the Greek Roman period.
 There is one which says "I visited and I did not like anything except the sarcophagus"
 and then another one says "I cannot read the Hieroglyphs" and it's done.
 Exactly.
 In the article that I read which was admittedly from the Daily Mail they said that it was
 quite similar to TripAdvisor this day.
 What I find the most amazing thing actually about the pyramids is that we don't know what's
 inside them.
 Still.
 We've gone to outside of the solar system and yet still in the main pyramid in Giza we
 don't even know what's inside it.
 There was that discovery last year that there's a massive chamber inside it.
 There's a cavity that's 30 meters long and it's above what's called the Grand Gallery.
 So there's like two rooms chambers where they thought the king and the queen were probably
 kept although they were all stolen so we're not totally sure.
 And then they've just done this technique where they use the sensors at Sensei's particles
 called muons and see what directions they're bouncing off the pyramid in.
 And there's this massive chamber we don't know about and I actually think which is what
 one Egyptologist said that that's where the bodies are because they said that they put
 lots of kind of fake things in there anyway because they really wanted to do her robbers.
 So they said "oh yeah this is the king's chamber here" but actually I bet the king were
 really in there.
 Exactly.
 And the aliens were hanging out with king and queen.
 This new chamber that they found isn't it the case that it's so mysterious that they can't
 even call it a chamber.
 They call it the void or something like that.
 Well I think they're doing that to peak your curiosity rather than it's so mysterious.
 They just know that they're not allowed to call it a chamber.
 It's not a chamber.
 It doesn't fit the word.
 When I was going to read Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets I'm like "well what's
 a secret?
 It's a chamber."
 The void of Secrets.
 Do you know what mummy wheat is?
 Mummy wheat.
 Yeah.
 No.
 So we've covered I think before the mummy craze where in the Victorian times people had mummy
 unwrapping ceremonies and a head brass bands accompanying it and it was all very exciting
 and amazing people like mummy brown and mummy whoever or mummy petter grew.
 So mummy wheat was wheat that was grown from seeds which had allegedly been found in mummy's
 bandages.
 And this was a craze people got really excited about wheat that was allegedly from three thousand
 years ago growing into proper plants and though all these articles published about for example
 ancient cobs of corn because you know we've got ancient Egyptian sweet corn grain and obviously
 it was almost certainly not true.
 You don't want your food ancient most of the time do you?
 I can see it's kind of exciting.
 They also when they're mummifying people I think you learn in school they put a hook up
 your nose and they take your brains out and stuff.
 They also took your eyeballs out and they often replace them with various things so they replace
 your eyeballs with shells or with linen apparently or with painted onions.
 So there is the most famous fairies we've found with just painted onions instead of eyes.
 Cool.
 It was cool.
 It was quite fun.
 Like kind of a snowman or something.
 Yeah.
 What vegetable is most like an eye?
 They didn't have carrots for noses though did they?
 No we don't.
 No.
 Check it out.
 I was quickly looking into, because this is a famous monument that was almost destroyed
 if this guy's planted went forward and I was looking at other monuments that have almost
 been destroyed.
 So the Colosseum, that got hit by lightning in the year 217 which caused huge destruction
 and as a result they just started pillaging the actual Colosseum so two thirds of it went
 and then something was put in place to say stop this is now this we're keeping this
 as is.
 So we got to keep that.
 The Washington monument was almost destroyed even before it was fully made when all the materials
 were being donated.
 The Pope donated a beautiful rock to go to it, but there was a group in America.
 He's got so much stuff.
 Yeah.
 So generous man.
 Right.
 A humble though.
 A humble.
 I'm sorry.
 I'm so humble.
 I can only give you this nice rock.
 Yeah.
 It was Pope Pius the Knight and he gave a rock and they said I'm so pious.
 And it was it was a party that were known as the No Nothings and No Nothings tried to prevent
 it.
 So they yeah so what they did was they stole the rock that the Pope gave and they dumped
 it into the the Potomac River and and then eventually further down the line the No Nothings
 became the actual company that were building it and bankrupt them so that they weren't able
 to do it and eventually it got they you know they weren't able to stop it.
 Can I just ask is this amazing rock that the Pope gave still in the river?
 I think they got it out I think they eventually found it yeah because you're not going to
 leave a Pope's rock in a river right yeah they think they they think some people within
 it admitted to where it was and where they throw it after all the time in the river.
 There's always normal rocks around them one so beautifully it's wearing the hat.
 I think.
 Okay it's time for fact number two and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that psychologist Herman Rorschach thought his test wouldn't work on
 teenagers as they were the same as psychopaths.
 Hmm yeah so this is the man who invented the Rorschach inkblot if you can think of any
 time you've been shown some weird inkblots that's the man who created them have a sun stage
 in our life.
 When we've had our psychological testing we've all done that right yeah and he yeah it
 was a thing that he he wasn't sure how it worked he wasn't sure if it worked but he definitely
 thought it couldn't work with teenagers because it just was they were two particularly fourteen
 year olds they were just too unpredictable and and it was just too similar in characteristics
 to what are the characteristics and in a fourteen year old that he thought made them similar
 to his like that.
 I think it's emotional turbulence and it's a crazy mixed up time and there's all sorts
 of stuff going on and yeah changing you know changing growing yeah.
 Do you guys need to have some more psychological test?
 Yes so I think he did think it worked but like you say he didn't know why it worked but a
 lot of the people in Germany at the time did not think it worked and they called his
 blobs crude.
 Can we go the blobs?
 This is taking me right back to my teen ages having your blobs called crude.
 He very sadly died at the age of 37 yeah which is an over 37 year old is absolutely heart
 breaking and but then it was the year after he died that they kind of got a bit of recognition
 in the community and still today I suppose we don't know if they work on it probably they
 don't really.
 But he didn't think they worked for detecting personality times really in the way that
 they are kind of sometimes used to day so we just say the raw shark test it's when you
 get a shown and inked bloat and it's sort of a mirror image because it's when papers
 have been folded over with wet ink and then you're asked what you see in it.
 Do you see a cow?
 Do you see someone being brutally murdered due to say a blob and he invented it.
 I see you have beautiful, beautiful stone at the bottom of the river.
 All right Pope get out we've got more patience to see.
 That's one of the results.
 If this person is the Pope, do you imagine whenever you had to get a new Pope that's
 what they did.
 They got this raw shark test and just waited for someone to say that.
 Nice, Christ, pointy hat, waffer, he's the Pope.
 But yeah he didn't think that it determined whether you were the Pope or whether you were
 a smart person or a horrible person whatever.
 He just thought it could diagnose schizophrenia so he was a psychiatrist and he'd just noticed
 he'd been really into these things as a kid and he noticed that schizophrenia had different
 responses to them from normal people so he just thought you know you could spot schizophrenia.
 Yeah he was so into them by the way that as a child when he was at school his nickname
 was inkblot not that actually as a word it was Kleck but that that was yeah so it was a
 children's game originally it's called Klexography and he got nicknamed Kleck and you just
 you did exactly the same thing you poured in kind of paper you folded it and then you saw
 what images you could make it's like looking at clouds or something like this.
 I didn't really get this so it's not about whether you see as Anna says a murderer or
 a flower in the image.
 He was really interested in what kind of things people saw so he said there were three categories
 which are form movement and color so form is whether you see a donkey or a bear or a knife
 or whatever and the movement is whether you see you know a donkey offering a man of sandwich
 or something or whatever.
 A dancing woman.
 Yeah a dancing woman is better than a donkey offering a man of sandwich but his main
 interest in all of this was whether the answer was good or poor so he basically he thought
 right I think these look like particular things and if you see something which is broadly
 moth like and you say a moth or one of another you know reasonably appropriate answer then
 you'll probably find and if not then that's maybe problematic that's a problematic indicator
 for your personality.
 Yeah and we should also say that it's not a case of putting in a bit of paper and then
 folding it over the blots are actually quite specific aren't they yeah so they have to
 look blotish because if they look deliberately crafted then people might think well there's
 a specific answer that I need to go for and but also he didn't want brush strokes so it
 looked like someone had painted it so quite specific.
 Yeah and what's amazing this was 1921 that he created them so they really kicked off in
 37 but they're still used to this day and it's the exact same 10 inkplots that he created
 in 1921 so even though maybe people are thinking oh we can advance this as an idea they still
 have not gone any further than the 10 he created.
 Yeah so if anyone shows you them don't say for instance television because there was no
 television then don't say iPhones because there were no iPhones you'd have to think I need
 to go for something that was around in the 1920s so like the end of the wall see the wall
 street crash and you might just see if you see an iPhone or a television they'll say this
 man is insane or prophetic yeah have you guys done it I didn't want I had done the first
 few but you didn't have the patience to do the full 10 well actually I wanted to save myself
 in case I need to be tested in future with a Rorschach test because they got really funny
 about people so they were published in a book in the 70s and a lot of doctors who believed
 in them and used them said this is going to completely screw up our results because it
 came with answers of what to say and what not to say yeah I did it today did you do it
 else to it?
 Christmas dinner last year did you yeah what did so what did you did it give you a percentage
 I can't remember actually but it's just like you know it's these days a lot of people use
 it as like a parlor game to me yeah I don't know maybe up in your household we just get
 pissed on Christmas day and eat pudding sure but I'll do the Rorschach test this Christmas
 maybe it's more fun why do it today and it gives you a sickness percentage at the end
 of how sick it thinks you are you did the BuzzFeed BuzzFeed yeah you didn't you won't believe
 blob number seven but no I got I got 66% which it says is a little worrisome well do you know
 how many out of the 10 were worrisome because there's a very specific way that you're supposed
 to do it yeah so the proper test is there are 10 things and if you get more than four
 images classified as worrisome then it is you might be virginos gets a frenic and
 then less than four is fine and the average is two so if you look at the grass it might be
 that if you got 66% you saw three images that were worrisome but that puts you right in
 normal right so you don't know how many you got out of 10 no it was it wasn't BuzzFeed
 it was something that was classy as that it didn't really have any kind of but you have
 a lot of viruses like yeah they tried it on their computers on robots didn't they quite
 recently they gave a load of inputs to robots robot one so one and said it was a mask
 robot two so one and said it was a pin robot three said it meant isolated a robot four said
 this is the Rorschach test imagine if you went into the psychologist obviously what do you
 see here I see the Roger test I just say that for every single answer poor old robot three
 no one's worrying about him though sounds like he needs to know good pipe so I look to some
 other psychological tests from the 20th century okay and some of them are pretty weird
 so there's the Rosensvig picture frustration study from 1978 and this is really fun so it
 gives you lots of cartoon images and it's people who are in frustrating situation all men
 by the way people in frustrating situations all men and one bubble from the other person
 who is the frustrator in all of these cartoon scenarios is already filled in and you have
 to fill in your response as the man who is being frustrated so can I it would it be like
 someone whose car is being given a ticket by a traffic warden or something like that exactly
 yeah so there's an example of someone on a train and someone a woman is saying to him here's
 the newspaper I borrowed I'm sorry the baby tore it so these are I think relatively minor
 frustrations if you punch the baby then you're fine you have to fill in the cartoon bubble
 so I'm about to punch that baby is that what you said yeah that would that would be a
 mark of concern I mean what page of the newspaper was it can't as long as it wasn't the
 crossword that would be pretty okay so you would write was it the crossword page you told
 if it is I'm going to punch the baby yeah all the spots pages or actually the TV review
 I wanted to read that yeah so there's that one which sounds pretty good there was the
 1942 make a picture story test this is really fun so it gives you 67 little little people
 in on paper who are cut out and there are all sorts of different people and there are humans
 and there are there are ghosts there's a superhero there's a one-legged man there's a Cocker
 Spaniel there's a policeman the Santa Claus there are women some women clothes some women
 naked and you have to make a scene with them and then you make up a story about the scene
 and the psychologist analyzes the scene the first thing that came into my head was you know
 remember the Benny Hill show so the naked woman is ready and then Santa Claus and the one
 like a man the Cocker Spaniel are all running after him sorry so what does that mean I think
 that means that you fell into a coma in the 70s and you haven't been able to update your memory
 ever since and personality test did get really popular around that time though it was sort
 of the 40s when the raw jack test and other stuff became a thing and the idea of a character
 making you good at your job and so in the 50s people would often get tested on their
 personalities when they're applying for jobs but they were looking for different stuff
 in the 50s it was that era where everyone was quite gray and the traits that people wanted
 as employers were things like being really hard working and diligent very loyal very conformist
 and in fact in the early 50s the Navy put out a handbook with the proper way to deal with
 the dissenting colleague if you're in an office or a conference or whatever and this is what
 it said so if a colleague dissents or disagrees fail to hear his objections or if you must
 hear them misunderstand them the aim is to make him feel like he belongs which seems a
 bizarre way to achieve that and then it says if he persists ask him to clarify his position
 and then ask him to clarify his clarification etc etc until our lad is so hot and bothered
 that he's worked himself into the role of conference comedian so basically ignore ignore
 ignore humiliate so the professor's Navy yeah that's the Navy this is the best way to deal with
 colleagues actually ignore ignore ignore humiliate does seem like your role of this
 podcast to the rest of us the only book I've ever read is this handbook
 okay it is time for fact number three and that is Anna my fact this week is that
 Robert Falcon Scott's dying wish was for his son to get into nature Peter Scott went on to
 found the world wildlife fund and designed its panda logo very very cool how nice is that so
 so this is when he was this is when Scott was in the south pole he was stuck in his tent he was
 100% sure he was about to die so he thought he'd write a few letters as you do and his last letter
 was to his wife so it's 1912 he's called an attempt he's managing somehow to get his hand around a
 pen and he says to his wife make sure when you're raising our son make the boy interested in nature
 and that boy was Peter Scott and yeah he founded the wwf very exciting this fact isn't it because two
 sort of seminal things polar exploration and conserving animals are connected and I had no idea
 through one generation well two generations so Robert Falcon Scott we should say he made it didn't
 he to the south pole yeah with his team but they weren't the first that they were beaten by the Norwegians
 and then on the way back they were close to a depot but they were only about 10 miles away and then
 he died and he wrote all these letters in the tent as they were dying yes and the letter says make
 the boy interested in natural history if you can it's as better than games although he was quite
 good at games in the end because he won a bronze medal at the 1936 Berlin Olympics in the
 Oh jolly dinghy class of sailing so he was a dinghy sailor that was one of the big hitters wasn't
 yeah in the Olympics well he's the reigning bronze medalist isn't he because they never did it again
 it was the one and only time the oh dinghy got a got an outing at the Olympics so that's a cool record
 he um he's an amazing character Peter Scott never properly heard of him before but uh someone who's
 at one point I think in the UK was a household name a lot of older listeners might actually go
 yeah of course we know who he is he was on a lot of natural history TV for the BBC fact back in
 the day he was on the very first um color TV program from the natural history department um and that
 was in 1968 it was called the private life of the kingfisher and he narrated it oh I see because
 kingfishes are quite colorful because you wouldn't go for the private life of the zebra or something like
 that they deliberately chosen an animal which is quite colorful yes well just on that point um it
 is said I got told this by my friend Simon what mentioned it years and years ago on this podcast but
 supposedly one of the reasons for picking the panda as the logo for wf was the fact that it was
 black and white so printing costs when they were printing out the you know with headers would be uh
 cheaper that's clever they could have just picked something really really small like a micro
 and then it would just be a printing just one dot yeah that's true it would it's a bit less
 evocative isn't it yeah it's the dot yeah it's important though um one other thing he did he
 gave the lock nest monster a name proper scientific name he called it nest sitter ass rhombopterics
 allegedly so it could be registered as a danger which yeah I guess it is now if I'd said he'd
 given him a proper scientific name you would have jumped down my throat there and said it's not real
 um I know what you mean I think it was a joke was it or not I don't know if he was joking or not
 well you know there was that whole thing about the the name that he did give it so it was a it
 was an ancient Greek name for the monster of the nest with the diamond shaped fin and that came out
 as um sitter ass rhombopterics yes yeah and supposedly when someone looked into it they found that
 there was an anagram of monster hoax by serpita s oh well in that case it probably was a joke no
 I mean I mean at at a grabs you could you can James always is saying this you can make anagrams
 out of anything well we could say this in the recent podcast anyway we did a load of anagrams and
 people can't be very clever in anagrams yeah and fine meaning that isn't necessarily there why would
 he say it's got diamond shaped fins yeah that made it much easier for him to put monster hoax
 face of eater s yeah I don't know right now I think you believed it what he he did he did send um a
 proposal to Buckingham Palace asking if he could name Lochness monster after the queen queen Elizabeth
 the second so it was going to be called Elizabeth Nessie or something along those lines but first name
 Elizabeth for the Lochness monster and supposedly the queen did consider it but the uh the people
 are Buckingham Palace said uh no no no no no thank you so I just say where I got this fact by the way
 it's from a new book that's just come out called what a hazard a letter is and it's sort of about all
 the letters in history that either were never sent or that were never properly received or we
 only found years later looks like a really really interesting book I've only read a bit of it and I
 got this from a review but there's another piece in it actually which is about the composer Eric Sartey
 which I really liked is kind of tragic but amusing at the same time this is so Eric Sartey had this
 six-month relationship with an artist called Susan Valadon and then she broke up with him and that was
 the end of it as far as anyone knew and then when he died 30 years later they went into his house and they
 found just thousands and thousands of letters they had written every single day to her but never sent
 love letters so he died and like he literally spent 30 years writing love letters and then he so
 they got in touch with Susan still alive like hey Eric had a thing for you and gave her all these
 letters and she immediately burned them as you would do it and was probably very delighted that
 that relationship ended where it did yes exactly yeah got out of that one in the nick of time um
 one last thing um Peter Scott just to to mention again how incredible his career was one of the other
 things he did was um during the war he designed camouflage ideas for painting on the side of ships
 so that you could camouflage a ship in the ocean and they they worked so well that two ships that
 were painted with the same camouflage crashed into each other um yeah so uh and one of them was called
 HMS Broke um so yeah not the best name to name a ship but yeah it did break you know how soldiers
 used to all dress in very bright colors and then the camouflage well you know the British armies
 the bright red uniforms in the 19th century and then that was because most battlefields were so
 covered in smoke from guns and chaos that you couldn't it wasn't dangerous to troops to dress
 them in bright colors I didn't know right so if you had an arm a duke leading a regiment he get
 he got to kidded out and he would pick whatever color he liked basically they've like football kits
 right yeah exactly yeah and you wanted something flashy and then as the smoke started to clear from
 battlegrounds it suddenly became obvious that having everyone dressed in bright red it's probably not
 a good tactic oh wow I just wonder if there was a period where all ships were extremely bright colors
 and then suddenly thought this isn't a great idea yeah yeah about football kits they um there was
 once a football game which I don't know if you'll remember you probably won but it was the first time
 man United had won their new gray kit and then halfway through the match they realised they couldn't
 see each other because they were camouflaged against the crowd so they just kept passing to the crowd
 because they couldn't see each other so and then at half time they had to swap all their shirts back
 oh wow is it an advantage though if the other team can't see you well in American football they have
 rules that the pitch has to be a particular shade of green and that's because there was once a team
 who had a blue jerseys and they painted the entire grass blue so the other team couldn't see
 I love that idea that if in war you have a home in a way kit and you and you know you're losing
 against the invading army when they suddenly change their kit to home okay there's time for
 a final fact of the show and that is James okay my fact this week is that a traditional hangover cure
 in Mongolia is the Mongolian Mary which consists of tomato juice with a pickled sheep's eyeball
 floating inside it is it is either bit meant to be more helpful or does it they have to be combined
 so I think the traditional helpful bit is a pickled eyeball because that goes back supposedly to
 Genghis Khan Times the tomato juice obviously doesn't because they didn't have tomatoes in those days
 but actually tomato juice I think would probably help your hangover so that probably today is the
 active ingredient although the traditional thing is the eyeball but if a load of you have a hangover
 obviously it's very labor intensive in sheep yes then you have to kill a lot of sheep you don't
 have to kill them you can just put an onion in the place of the item and I learn this from Malmo's
 disgusting food museum which I went to a couple of weeks ago and tried lots of disgusting things did
 you have the hangover I did have a hangover but I didn't have any of this actually I did have a
 hangover on that day which was very bad because I had to eat things like bulls testicles and shark
 meat marinated in urine and rotten fish and all that kind of stuff and three penis wine which that
 did help the hangover a little bit yeah because it's got alcohol in it and it's like hair of the dog
 it's like penis of the dog and off the seal and off the deer here's the thing though you went to this
 museum and traditionally museums you don't touch the exhibits but you went around eating them
 and so is this is this more a restaurant than a museum no so these days a lot of museums they are
 hands on aren't they as in you can you can kind of do little bits and pieces with the exhibits
 and in this place they have a particular tasting table at the end where you can taste all the
 things or not all the things but just a few of the things that are on display and looking me they put
 a lot of extra stuff on farming which not everyone gets to have so not everyone gets to have the
 bull testicles not everyone gets to have the rotten egg with a fetus in it you know that I managed to
 have but yeah it's a really good museum it's in Marmo they've just announced that there's a new one
 about to be opened in LA and they're hoping to go around the whole world hopefully one day soon so
 wherever you are in the world you might be able to try some of this delicious stuff it's quite
 exciting because the museum was founded by Samuel West who also founded the museum of failure
 which how often do people found more than one museum so it had things like failed Donald Trump
 games and so on but with such a success that he's had to keep it going and this is his second museum
 it's very exciting the only person I can think of is the person who founded both the natural
 history museum and the British museum yes I think you're right yeah Sloan yes I'm Sloan
 so he's in quite high you know there's just that guy and the guy who did the disgusting food museum
 yeah it's pretty good it's very funny because he talks about I've read an interview with him about
 setting up this disgusting food museum and he has to sample a lot of the stuff that they get in
 and he's just in his story just constantly vomiting it's just like I just he doesn't like it you
 know it's not as if it's like a weird fetish he really doesn't like it you can't like this stuff
 it's just not very and the only thing that was quite nice was the bull testicles that was all right
 I had durian fruit which smells disgusting but this actually tastes kind of okay
 everything else is just objectively quite disgusting what so he makes a point that a large
 part of taste is to do with your psychological take on it so if you think something's going to be
 disgusting your mind sets itself ready to vomiting so he uses the example of vegemite which is the
 first time he had vegemite he hated it and thought it was horrible then he went to Australia
 and at a party it was served on two bits of toast to slices to him and he saw children eating and he
 thought oh this must be how you neutralize the taste and he started eating it now he loves vegemite
 and vegemite is in this museum and the guy who showed me around who's this guy's corona andreus
 he said that it caused almost like a diplomatic spat with Australia because as soon as the
 Australians found out that vegemite was in this disgusting food museum they were absolutely
 you know really upset well we're really I really like idea of Sweden and Australia going to
 war with each other because it's mostly a commuter's war isn't it so you've you've shown us videos of you
 at this museum and you look like you're having a really really bad time and can I just say I had a
 really really great time yes but the thing is I just you know I'm not going to say no to anything
 I'll just do whatever you know and also he was very much peer-pressuring me and telling absolutely
 everything he was like well if I try it then you have to try it and of course he works here and has
 this stuff all the time it's not really fair but yeah I open some surf streaming which is like a
 fermented rotten fish which we once had on QI but we weren't allowed to open in the studio and
 actually according to their lease this museum they're explicitly not allowed to open any of the
 cans inside the museum so we had to go outside we had a crowd of people watching me open this
 surf streaming yeah and then you did have to recoil from it didn't you was that the one we have
 recoil it's unbelievably disgusting yeah it just smells of everything rotten that you can think of
 like you know bin juice and rotten fish and you know vomit and everything you can think of it just
 smells and takes a bit like that great and all the tickets to the museum are printed on a sick bag
 and in the first three weeks of opening they had eleven cases of visitors vomiting after trying
 the exhibits only eleven which is not a achievement isn't it they must be looking for vomits they are
 and they say if it's just like a wretch it doesn't count or if it's spitting out it doesn't count it has
 to be an actual vomit from the stomach it for them to count it and they have one of those boards
 like blood days since last weekend. Peanuts is quite common though as a hangover cure isn't it?
 is it you sort of read about the traditional hangover cures so it's often it's often dried
 dried and shriveled I think a Sicilian traditional hangover cure is bull's penis actually so you also
 have to be a bull dry bull's penis but in Bolivia it's also a famous thing bull penis soup
 bullpizzle soup is a thing that people say they have with hangovers quite a lot they actually had a
 bull penis at this museum but I couldn't taste it but they it was like a hands-on exhibit so you're
 allowed to touch the bull's penis. Were you impressed? Did you congratulate the bull?
 Bulls sadly never made it. Well I've been looking up at the hangover
 disgusting hangover cures so Pliny the elder are old buddy and he recommends various things so he
 mostly recommends things to stop me from getting drunk in the first place. For example roasted wild boar
 lungs will do or if you don't have a wild boar if you have the ashes of a swallow's beak and mix it
 with myr and put that in your wine that stops you getting drunk in the first place. Okay good.
 But does row in the wine doesn't it? A little bit yeah. The gladiators used to eat ash for energy.
 On ITV. No it was like they would used to take it out of the hearth and then they would mix it with
 presumably wine I guess and then that would supposedly help them after a hard day's gladiator ring.
 As for get home after a hard day's gladiator ring darling what have you cut me for supper? I'm
 exhausted. Here's some ash. With some wine Anna. Oh it's no that's absolutely fine.
 So John of Gadsden in the 14th century had advice for if you drunk too much he said that if you're a man
 then you should wash your testicles with salt and vinegar and if you're a woman you should wash
 your breasts with salt and vinegar and- Was he a salt and vinegar salesman? He liked in the local
 chippy he'd overordered it and he said you can also eat the leaf or stalk of a cabbage with some
 sugar which doesn't like the better option he should have put it first. So these days I guess you
 could just put your testicles in a bag of salt and vinegar crisps and that'll have the same effect.
 Absolutely. But don't do it in Tesco's.
 Dock embryo is another thing that's eaten so this is balut. Yeah so I had that balut. Did you
 use balut as I said okay. Yeah I had that. How was that? To be honest I kind of chickened out a
 little bit. Dock's out you mean? Dock's out I did dock out yeah and when they weren't looking I only
 took a bit of the egg part of the balut and didn't have any of the embryo part because I thought
 that was a bit beyond the pale. Oh you found your line though. Well to be honest if
 anyone was watching I probably would have done it because I am extremely bad with peer pressure.
 But yeah I did taste it. It just tasted like I've had a one hundred year egg before
 and it tastes a bit like that so it's slightly rotten though it tastes like yeah. Okay slightly
 rotten you would have thought after a hundred years that really penetrated. Yeah it tastes like
 sulfurous eggs like you know yeah sulfur thoughts. Yeah egg eggs. What were you said was there anything
 else about balut? No that was a hang of a cure that apparently works so it's stuck embryo isn't it?
 It was born alive and then you eat it in the shell. You eat it in the shell. Not shelly presumably at
 embryo stage and you eat with the bee. Can you tell the beaks there? You can tell it's there but it's
 not crunchy I don't think and there was a Filipino lady who works at this place and she absolutely
 loves it. She's like my whole family says this is not weird. I don't understand why people think
 this is weird. The Philippines are going war on Sweden to meet them. Well they do have for instance
 Haggis. Do they? Yeah they have weirdly they have like harribose not harribose but like other
 gelatin sweets because they're like well you know this is made from gelatin from bones of animals.
 This is kind of if you think about it it's kind of weird. Yeah. It's all just it is just perspective
 isn't it? I mean they think we find weird other people eat we eat equally weird stuff. I would say so
 apart you know like urine soaked shark is objectively strange. What's the urine adding to that taste?
 Well it adds a urine-y taste to it. If you were to have that and any other food in the whole
 history of time you would know which one had been soaked in urine. Yes okay. So their rules are just
 quickly go they have three rules it has to be considered disgusting by some people around the world
 so not necessarily people eating it. It has to be genuinely eaten by people as a choice not
 through necessity. So it's not things that you can only have because you have no other food and it
 must be not a food stuff invented just for tourists. Right. Of course. Because that does happen
 sometimes of course. And on the fact that it's kind of all about perspective this sort of thing
 there was an FT journalist who went to China in 2011 and went to Shaoxing and was investigating what
 Chinese people thought of cheese brought over from Europe. Because obviously not very much cheese
 is eaten in the East, very many of them are lactose intolerant, drink milk now a bit but cheese
 not really a thing. So brought over a whole bunch of cheeses and they find that disgusting or these
 people who worked in a restaurant found it kind of gross the idea and then ate the cheeses and it
 was a lot of blue cheeses very strong blue which interestingly they thought was fine. So they thought
 that's okay and they said it was quite similar to a sort of rotting bean curd dish that they serve.
 Had that as well rotten bean curd and it does taste quite cheesy. Does it? Yeah they said it was a
 similar taste. So weirdly the only one that they all said that's absolutely disgusting is an animal
 stench that haunts your nose. Baby bell. Is it is it Primula? Yeah. The multi podcast cool
 back. It's not it's a breed. Which is very interesting to us. It obviously is quite mild
 breed but then it's just something they're not used to. I remember reading somewhere and I don't
 know where it was so I think this is true but the idea was when Europeans first went to Japan
 especially that was the one overarching thing about it was that we smelled of milk and cheese and
 stuff like that. Is that right? Yeah. They say that in China is what like all the time they'd be like
 oh milky boys here. It's it's a smell that eminent emanates of a white person. The kind of the
 milky bar kid is not a good thing. No it's fine it's just you can smell it. It's just a smell they all
 identify. Do you guys know there's an iron brew sausage? I'm so choked on his. I almost I just
 choked on my drink because I'm so excited. An iron brew sausage. So basically this was invented
 a few years ago by a guy who said what a great hangover cure this would be. By a genius.
 It's invented. Hang on we have had a debate at the party. No no Andy. We're the combining
 two existing things. Cats is inventing a new one. I will accept a lot of things in this podcast
 but for you to say that an iron brew sausage is not an invention that we're all culling out far.
 Okay sure. It's it's pretty simple actually but so in invention you replace all the water in
 the sausage making process with iron brew and he says it's a brilliant hangover cure. One guy said
 he felt like he'd gone to heaven after tasting it. According to the inventor of the iron brew sausage
 and I really want to try one. I do as well. If you're a people who make iron brew sausages
 do get in touch. Well advertised free. Hang on. Is it all the water involved in the process?
 As in has it grown the crops that feed the cow? Has the cow been drinking iron brew from the trough?
 It has to have rained iron brew. Has the farmer had all the water in his body replaced with iron brew?
 Yeah he's Scottish.
 Okay that's it that is all of our facts. Thank you so much for listening. If you'd like to get
 in contact with any of us about the things that we have said over the course of this podcast
 we can be found on our Twitter accounts. I'm on @Sriberland. James. At James Harkin. Andy.
 @AndruhunterM. And Anna. You can either podcast at qi.com. Yep or you can go to our group count at
 no such thing or our website. No such thing as a fish.com. There's a very exciting new banner on
 there showing you the link to our 2019 tour. There's lots of tickets going. We'd love to see you guys
 there. You can also buy our new book book of the year 2018 and you can also find all of our previous
 episodes. Okay that's it. We'll be back again next week with another episode. We'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
