 [Bell]
 [Bell]
 [Bell]
 [Bell]
 [Bell]
 [Bell]
 [Bell]
 Hello and welcome to an extra special edition of No Such Thing as a Fish. This time we are celebrating the release of our new book, The Book of the Year 2019, The World Weirdest News.
 My name is Dan Schreiber, I am sitting here with Andrew Hunter Murray, Anich Zinski, and James Harkin, and once again we have gathered around the table with our four favorite facts from our new book, which is out now, and in no particular order, here we go, starting with you, James.
 Okay, my fact from the Book of the Year 2019, The World's Weirdest News, is that Greta Thunberg's middle name is Tintin.
 Isn't that great? Now, you can argue this isn't technically true, because we opened on this one, immediate climb down.
 Well, she has five names in total, and Tintin is the second one. I call it middle name, so she is called Greta Tintin, Eleanor-Ernman Thunberg.
 That's an incredibly professional way of a view to caveat that fact, James, because any other person would have just said her middle name is Tintin, that's fine, but you said we'll technically as one outside her middle name, but it's not a first or a surname.
 We kept editing that sentence out of the actual book, though, in the end.
 I reckon that any name, which is not your first name, or your surname, is technically a middle name.
 Definitely, yeah, absolutely.
 Agreed, like if you're in a family of ten people, and you're the ninth child, you say you're one of the middle siblings, don't you?
 Sure.
 I think you only get to single yourself out until the first name or the surname.
 I would tell you it was the penultimate child.
 You do, don't you? You're an only child, which is bizarre.
 She's not the only person with a fun middle name to appear in our book, just very quickly.
 Lucy Bronze, the footballer for the England football team. Her middle name is Tough.
 Yeah, very cool. It's a great middle name.
 Tough Bronze, that's good.
 But why is Greta Thunberg's middle name Tintin? Do we know?
 I don't know, actually. I can only assume her parents were fans.
 Or she has a white dog.
 She could, although she wouldn't have had it when she was born.
 No, you're right.
 I have no other Tintin references, so I can't think of any other reason.
 She's a sort of young adventurer going around the world, having adventures.
 That's true, that's true.
 But she wasn't when she was born.
 No, again, no, you're right.
 She is still very young to be adventuring, though, isn't she?
 I'm always surprised that she's 16 still, I think.
 She's amazing.
 And she's currently, so she took this trip to the US
 and then going on to Chile to attend these conferences.
 And she's still, as we speak, traveling down through the US on her way to Chile.
 And I don't know who she's with, does she have any parental guidance?
 I think is it not true that if you're traveling under the age of 18,
 your parents can drop you off and then someone can pick you up at the airport
 and actually you're fine. I think that's probably what she's doing.
 Yes.
 Should we just quickly say--
 She has to do that, by the way.
 She's definitely would never go by airplane anywhere.
 No, absolutely.
 I was just going to say, we should say, there might be a few people out there
 who genuinely don't know who Greta Thumburg is.
 She's one of the biggest names of the year, but the way women talking about it
 sounds like she's an adventurer.
 She's the environmentalist campaigner who has been causing huge storms of the good kind.
 No, in climate change, which is causing the huge storms.
 She's trying to fight storms wherever she goes.
 She started off sitting outside.
 Was it a Swedish parliament building?
 It's a Swedish Reichstag, yeah.
 Yeah, and she was skipping school to do that.
 And that turned into the huge school strike movement.
 But her initial leaflets that she handed out said,
 "I am doing this because you adults are shitting on my future."
 Which is a great phrase.
 It is.
 Terrible misbehavior. So she's skived school and then used foul language to abuse strangers.
 Okay, you have to stop reading the telegram.
 No, she is great.
 And she learned what were the biggest climate protests in all history.
 So I think in the space of one month, she led two which were attended by four million people.
 She's just extraordinary.
 Amazing.
 Do you think they'll look back?
 We look back now at Joan of Arc, who was 14 years old or something,
 who can't believe that she managed to have the whole of a French army behind her.
 But now there's this 16-year-old who's got four million more than that.
 Let's be honest, people behind her is just insane.
 But Greta Thunberg isn't using those people to throw the English out of France.
 We should say that.
 There's been a lot of stuff thrown around about her.
 There is one conspiracy, this is a very mad conspiracy theory about her,
 that says she's actually an Australian actress called Estella Renee,
 who is working for the Deep State.
 It's not clear why the Deep State would be amazing.
 If you looked back at all the episodes of Neighbours and she just popped up.
 Do you know the foundation for this rumor?
 No.
 Cool.
 Incredibly weird people on the internet.
 It's really, really like her.
 Because we know who her parents are, we know where she was born.
 The records of her all the way through.
 I wasn't suggesting it might be true.
 I just wondered if there was any logic to it.
 Maybe someone thought she had a tan that maybe she'd got from Australia.
 I believe you Andy, Thunberg.
 Well, there is another one which is, it's slightly less mad, but it's still completely mad if you know what I mean.
 Which is that she's got an IMDB page and she's listed as an actress because she wants to devise over.
 So that's the evidence for some people saying that she's therefore not real.
 Well, her mum was in the arts, wasn't she?
 She was a performer of some sort.
 Yeah, opera singer.
 Yeah, so that makes sense.
 You might have your child appear in something at a young age without their consent.
 I think it's a climate thing that she did a voiceover for, actually.
 Oh, I mean, Donald Trump is listed as an actor on IMDB.
 So being on IMDB does not mean that you're not a person.
 Well, he is. No, he is though.
 He was in home alone too.
 Yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
 Classic scene.
 He's an actor.
 He's an actor.
 He was brilliant in that.
 And I thought, no, I don't think I haven't seen it.
 Yeah, her mother.
 It's quite interesting.
 Her mother's a woman called Malena Ernman.
 And she was a famous opera singer.
 A really famous opera singer in Sweden.
 And she gave it up because of Greta.
 So Greta convinced her to cancel her entire career
 because all the international travel so bad for the environment.
 Oh, the travel.
 I was thinking like, because you do so much singing and you're kind of breathing a lot.
 All the carbon dioxide that comes out.
 Yeah.
 That's what I was thinking about, yeah.
 I read this as a bit of a...
 It must be very hard trying to get everything right when you're trying to do your best to stop a carbon footprint.
 So her going across to America and a boat.
 I read that, unfortunately, in order to get the boat back, they had to fly out to the boat pilots to America in order to bring it back.
 They could have just sent them off in another boat.
 Exactly.
 Why weren't they in the boat?
 What's going on?
 Where were they?
 They did.
 But they said in response to that that their whole flight was carbon neutral.
 So they, you know, what's the problem?
 You can't...
 They offset the carbon of that.
 It's tricky though, because offsetting is a thing which some people say doesn't really work.
 You can't really suck up carbon in the same way that...
 I think the argument mostly is that by doing it, people think that it's okay to fly.
 Right.
 And so if you think, oh, I'm going to offset it, then you might be more inclined to do more short-haul flying.
 Yeah.
 The protests, the environmental protests have been pretty interesting.
 There was a really good fact that one of you guys found, I think,
 which is that the levels of pollution on Oxford Street fell by 45% due to the extinction rebellion protests
 because they stopped all of the cars going there.
 Which is really cool.
 That's very cool.
 That's very cool.
 That's like immediate action.
 And also, I found this protest in Australia, which was pretty cool.
 It was on Manly Beach near Sydney.
 And 150 protestors buried their heads in the sand.
 That's a great protest.
 That's a great protest.
 The pictures are amazing.
 That's great.
 They look like they're praying, you know, they're right on the knees with their heads down and stuff like that.
 That's very funny.
 Did they have guards to stop people just running around kicking them all up the ass one after the other?
 I didn't see him.
 I support the protests.
 I just want to make it clear.
 But we didn't assume you didn't.
 We did when he implied that he was going to ride along the beach of protestors kicking them all in the ass.
 I think the implication was you just bought the protest.
 But if you see a big row of asses in the air, you have to kick them.
 You got it.
 Yeah, that's where I went.
 You could play them like bongos.
 You could play them like bongos.
 It's not quite as violent, but it's still funny.
 One of the first things Extinction Rebellion did was to occupy the offices of, guess where?
 So was it in Sweden?
 No, I think it was here actually.
 It was in the offices of Shell.
 It was Greenpeace.
 Was it?
 Yeah.
 They handed out flowers, but they also gave out leaflets saying we're going to be much more assertive about this than you guys have been.
 Wow.
 Greenpeace didn't do their share of, you know, start protests and things.
 Yeah, yeah.
 But Extinction Rebellion was just, you know, marking their territory.
 God, I think of Greenpeace as quite assertive.
 They did as well.
 They also had this thing in July where hundreds of environmental climate demonstrators picketed the headquarters of Drax.
 And that's Drax as a big energy and gas giant.
 And they were picketing them over a new gas power plant that they were planning in Yorkshire, I think.
 Anyway, they hadn't done the research.
 Drax moved out of that building over a year ago.
 And they instead chain themselves to this block in more gate, which is now occupied by Europe's leading renewables generator.
 You can't win them all.
 I love the headline that we actually have for the Extinction Rebellion article in our book is a woman glued her breasts to the road to protest against climate change.
 And this was just the most wonderful, the glue.
 It was just fantastic.
 They were gluing their bumps to the windows and the Westminster.
 They were gluing themselves on streets.
 They were a guy did it on top of a plane the other day.
 Did you see that?
 Well, glued himself on top of a plane.
 It's part of this new Extinction Rebellion sort of revival.
 He was getting on a plane from the steps on the outside and he climbed on top and he glued himself to the top.
 And so, yeah, disrupted this flight.
 That is amazing.
 There's a bit of me that wished that they just pranked him, just closed the door and started heading back.
 I'm really behind the plane trying to kick it in the ass.
 I just wanna say I do support the whole thing.
 Thank you.
 There were the people who glued themselves to Corbin's house weren't there.
 I think it was four protestors.
 Glue themselves outside Jeremy Corbin's home.
 But, you know, a lot of these people are very nice people, the climate protestors.
 So, they admitted they felt absolutely terrible about upsetting his wife who was indoors at the time.
 And they had flowers and Easter eggs delivered to the house to apologise for the inconvenience.
 I think, sort of, while they were still glued, I think maybe one of them with their toes dialed the flowers and the grease surface or something.
 One protestor was arrested while dressed as some broccoli.
 Oh, great job.
 He looks very, very good.
 Because they've been very creative with the costumes and everything.
 And as he was arrested, he was heard to be shouting either give peace a chance or give peace a chance.
 They're not clear which he was shouting.
 Right.
 And why was he broccoli then?
 Because broccoli is good for you.
 You should eat less meat.
 You know, this kind of stuff.
 Yeah, it's green.
 It's green.
 Just as a peep, if that's going to be your line.
 What about broccoli fossil fuels in the ground?
 Very nice.
 He could have done with you.
 But I do support what he did.
 Just can I just say my favourite group of people who are protesting climate change is drug users and drug dealers with them.
 So, this was the news this year.
 This is in our book that cocaine is now being sold in environmentally friendly pods.
 This was a interview that was done, I think in the Birmingham mail, the Birmingham post and they interviewed a drug user who said that he thought this dealer was joking when he gave him a reusable container with this cocaine in it.
 He was like, what on earth is that mate?
 And the dealer said, basically, we're not using the plastic zip lock bags anymore.
 We are using these reusable ones.
 And if you want a refill of cocaine, you're going to have to bring back your reusable container.
 You know what, I'm going to take it up again.
 That was always a deal breaker for me.
 And finally, they could have just introduced a 5P charge for a small plastic container.
 That would have been a waste.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two and that is Andy.
 My fact is that you can now be pulled over for drink driving by your own car.
 Where did you read this fact, Andy?
 Did you read it in a book?
 Oh yeah, sorry, I read it in the book, no, I wrote it in the book of the year.
 In the world's weirdest news.
 You've read it since, though, right?
 Of course, it's my bedside reading.
 Sorry, just check. I just wanted the citation in there.
 What an aggressive and unhelpful talk for a fact.
 Sorry.
 I'm so sorry.
 I read it on a newspaper website probably and then I wrote it down in the book that we've all just written between us.
 Sorry, what's that book?
 It's called the book of the year 2019, the world's weirdest news.
 Right.
 The title wins it out.
 No, Andy, no.
 It's out now.
 Andy, he missed the point of this podcast.
 We're just trying to get you to say the name of the book.
 Got it, it's out now.
 Okay, so anyway, Volvo have developed this car or they have announced they are developing a car
 which can tell you off for drink driving if it detects that you're drunk.
 Sorry, it just tells you off.
 It doesn't make you stop or anything.
 It just tells you naughty boy.
 I think it actually can pull over to the side of the road. It's still in development so this is not a standard in new Volvo's that you buy.
 But I think it detects from the way you're driving.
 If you're driving very very very drunkingly.
 Well, if for instance, not saying I'm like this, but what if you're just a very bad driver?
 You'll never drive again, I'm afraid.
 Even if I'm sober.
 I'm afraid not, no.
 Actually, a bit better after a few trips. Can I just say that? You don't support the drunk drivers.
 That's very clever. So it was a car that detects if you've driven through your own kitchen window or something.
 Volvo also had some other interesting technology that it announced this year, didn't it?
 And that was that it's cars will warn each other if you're driving on icy roads.
 So cool.
 I believe this is certain development, but yeah, it'll be automatic detection. If you're on an icy road and your car detects sort of a lack of friction,
 it will tell all the other Volvo's nearby so the people driving them will get warnings.
 And if you don't drive a Volvo, then I guess you're boggled.
 That's very cool.
 Well, we're doing an advert for Volvo.
 The great thing about Volvo, I always thought, was the fact that they invented the seat belt.
 Right? The modern seat belt that we have, which is kind of a 3.1.
 It kind of comes across your chest and your waist. They invented it and they never patented it.
 So it meant that everyone could use it for free because they realized that it was so good for safety,
 that it would be better to be in every car and they didn't want the money for it.
 But one thing that they are working on at the moment is a self-driving car seat belt.
 Okay, because when you're in your self-driving car, you're probably not going to want to sit there at the front looking out of the windscreen.
 You might want to be having a lie down or you might want to be playing video games or something like that.
 And so they have come up with a seat belt blanket.
 So you kind of lie down or kind of lounge a little bit.
 And then the strap goes across your whole body, about cross your legs, across your chest and everything like that.
 But it's not like you have been strapped down because you're in a hospital or something like that.
 Because you're making yourself like you're sort of mummified into the car. It's not quite that. It's supposed to not feel restrictive, but it does kind of cocoon you.
 That's brilliant. That's a new thing that they're working on.
 That's very cool.
 When you set a self-driving seat belt, I thought it was, if you'd driven off without your seat belt, your seat belt at home would remember.
 And it would drive out to the car and catch up with you and then get into the car.
 I've got another car development thing here. It's not Volvo.
 Well, I'm not interested. I know. I stupidly took a sponsorship from Ford, which are fantastic cars.
 But this year, and this is in our robot's article, Ford have developed a robotic bottom, which they test on their car seats.
 So this is the idea of testing for wear and tear in your car seats.
 Have that for a while, haven't they?
 Yes, they have. But what they've added to it this year, this is the 2019 edition, it now has sweat glands so it can mimic the behavior of someone with a very sweaty bottom.
 You know, you're driving on a hot day, and you've taken your trousers off to drive, as I always do.
 But the self-driving trousers are on the way. They're getting there eventually.
 That's, I think, that's a real shame because you're putting a lot of real life human bottom testers out of work, aren't you?
 That's very, very, very sad.
 No, but it's a thing that's dealing with the real issue. Why don't they just find people with sweaty bottoms?
 That's what I'm saying.
 Oh, gotcha.
 I remember when I was at school and they were trying to me what kind of job I might have in the future.
 And they did check how sweaty my bottom was, and they did think I would be able to do this.
 I think that has been reported to the authorities, actually.
 Just because this is about sort of new robotics technology, such as new robotics.
 One of my favourite stories in the book was the extreme advance in shoes, which is that Nike has invented self-lacing trainers.
 Wow, man. So these trainers are $300. They fit your foot shape automatically.
 So you try them on, they fit any foot shape. They're self-lacing, so they don't actually have laces because the robots don't need laces.
 They just tighten and loosen automatically.
 And the idea is that it would be good in something like basketball where sometimes you need some looseness for flexibility to increase blood flow.
 Then sometimes you need it to tighten up when you need more grip.
 And the problem is it's a total failure on Android phones.
 So people tried it on Android's and it often broke after a few days.
 There were complaints that it only worked on the right shoe.
 So for some reason, the left shoes just constantly weren't responding.
 And often the app would also say it's already connected to another pair of trainers.
 So can you just make people fall over as they're walking by you?
 I guess so.
 Because you connect your app to their shoes. That's like the modern equivalent of time someone shoelaces together.
 Yes. Speaking of as we were self-driving things, there is a self-driving wheelie bin that has been developed this year.
 It's called SmartCan. And the SmartCan creator who is called Andrew Murray.
 No. Yes. Wow.
 He said we want to help people eliminate unnecessary chores from their daily lives.
 And what happens is basically when it's been day, the bins take themselves out.
 Isn't that great?
 That's really amazing. So it's not a thing where if you can't afford a self-driving car,
 but you can't afford a self-driving bin, it's getting the bin to go to work.
 It's not like Trilipair of My Holes in it.
 My other car is a SmartCan.
 There's other car technology.
 So there's a great company Ford who have designed...
 Give it a rest mate. The car in front is a Toyota.
 They've developed something not for cars, but for the bedroom.
 And this is in our book. It's a mattress that nudges you away from your partner if you start getting too near to them in bed.
 Yeah. It's a mattress.
 Like a chaperone mattress.
 It's exactly if you've got the mother-in-law mattress.
 Yeah. You keep your hands off her. God, I hope your mother-in-law is not going to say that to you.
 She's coming to your bedroom every evening.
 You keep her in the cupboard, didn't you?
 You've got to sort that relationship out, but back to the fact.
 So it's a mattress, so the idea is the reason that Ford have been able to make is
 they've been using the lane-keeping technology that they have in their cars,
 which nudges the car away from a lane by taking the steering wheel and moving it,
 and they've applied it to the bed.
 And it's only a prototype stage at this point, but yeah.
 I mean, I'm not familiar with whenever I'm driving a car and slightly go off course,
 then my car gets tipped off the road.
 But do they do that for all cars?
 Do they have this lane-keeping technology?
 Self-driving cars.
 Self-driving cars in the future will have things that keep you in the lane.
 I got it. So this isn't technology that they have in existing Ford cars.
 Because that's one of the two main struggles when driving, I found,
 is the left and right of the lane.
 Staying on the road.
 Staying on the road one.
 Yeah, it's the main one.
 And then you've got the forward and backwards one of how close you are to the car in front.
 And you've got the left right one of, you know.
 It's very much a two-dimensional, exactly, isn't it?
 You're not going up in the up and down day's care of yourself.
 It doesn't help out your mother calls in the back home.
 Andy, for Christ's sake.
 I just have one more bot of the year that I quite like.
 Let's try to help humans out in the future.
 This is irony man.
 Based on Iron Man, it name wise, but nothing else.
 This is a sarcastic robot.
 And it has a useful purpose, which is that, apparently, people trust robots more
 when, and they see more natural and trustworthy when they're being a bit sarcastic
 because humans are sarcastic or ironic.
 And so when robots are just giving you direct answers all the time, people don't trust them.
 So they've invented irony man.
 And it does things like it will pair a really deadpan expression
 with humorous facial expression, a deadpan words with humorous facial expressions,
 or it will add sarcastic emphasis.
 So it will say something like, "I'm delighted you spilled your pint of beer on me."
 And then, you know, give it away.
 Which is you in the face?
 Exactly.
 Violent irony.
 It has a slight problem, so it's sort of to help vulnerable people or older people
 who, you know, people get robots to care for them around the house.
 But it can't tell when's the appropriate time to deploy irony.
 So in really sensitive situations, it is currently saying things like
 which you might get with older people indeed.
 Oh, good.
 You've fallen over.
 That's sort of thing.
 Well, we got just while we're on robots.
 We've got a fact in the book about the robot hotel in Japan
 where they fired all of their robot staff and replaced them with humans.
 And James, you just went there.
 I did.
 I stayed there deliberately as people know from our last podcast
 when I deliberately went to this town in the Netherlands just because I read about it.
 I deliberately booked into this hotel.
 Instead of going to a nice hotel.
 Drag my wife along to this place.
 And yeah, they have robots at the reception,
 but I didn't see any other robots in the whole building.
 Really?
 I'm afraid.
 Because they used to have them, didn't they?
 I believe so.
 But we left quite early that day and the cleaners were there
 and they were either extremely realistic robots.
 Or they were humans.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 Because there was one problem was that they could only reach a quarter of the rooms,
 I think.
 Was that right in the hotel?
 That's not right.
 They couldn't get up to certain stairs.
 And also whenever a robot met another robot on the corridor,
 they didn't know how to pass each other.
 Which I have that problem a lot as well.
 Are you go left and they go left?
 It's a nightmare.
 Actually, the only other thing that I did see was they had these amazing cupboards.
 I don't know if you guys have seen these before.
 It's like a cupboard and you put your clothes in.
 And it's like a washing machine, but I don't think there's any water.
 And you leave it on for 45 minutes and it freshens up your clothes.
 Wow.
 So it doesn't wash them which I learned.
 Is that the stage?
 I've been on the road for two weeks and didn't have many clean clothes.
 And I thought maybe it'll wash them.
 But it does make them a lot fresher.
 And I think like maybe business people use them because obviously in Japan
 you work long hours and stuff like that.
 And so it just freshens up.
 Do we know how it freshens them?
 I think it's through air.
 And maybe it's damper.
 Wow.
 I think.
 But you basically hang something up and then close the door and some magic happens
 and you open it up and it smells quite nice.
 Wow.
 But it's not clean.
 That was very cool.
 I just have one last thing.
 This is a technology bit of news from the book.
 And it's that the bass player from Blur, who's also a cheese maker, Alex James,
 has been this year turned into cheese.
 It's going to affect the reunion to a pretty bad rhythm.
 This is quite exciting.
 This is done as part of the V&A Museum exhibition in London.
 And what they did was they took celebrities and they turned them into cheese.
 So they took bits of bacteria off of them and made them.
 So Alex James was turned into a block of chasher.
 Professor Greene, a musician, was turned into a sort of form of mozzarella.
 The madness singer Sucks was turned into a block of cheddar.
 And you can go visit all these celebs as cheeses.
 It's like a weird Madame to swords.
 Do you know where on their body they got the bacteria from to make the cheese?
 Because I think it would affect whether I was going to beat the cheese or not.
 I don't think you should eat the exhibits.
 Oh no.
 So it's not cheese that's being sold.
 They didn't do it on mass.
 No, no, it's just part of a museum.
 What a waste.
 That's breaking.
 Well, the thing is with cheeses, it gets better the longer you leave it.
 Some cheeses anyway.
 So maybe once the exhibition is finished, we can all go with a few crackers.
 Yeah.
 Eat Alex James.
 Yeah.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three.
 And that is Chazinski.
 My fact this week, taken straight from the book of the year 2019, available
 from all good bookstores and online.
 That was really professional.
 That's how you do it.
 That is how you do it.
 Thank you very much, guys.
 My fact is that in a country of 1.3 billion people,
 a polling station was set up in the middle of the jungle for one single man.
 So that can only be India or China.
 And it's one of them.
 Take a part.
 Well, which one has elections?
 And you've narrowed it down.
 Yeah, this was in India, India and election this year.
 Of course, a man with election.
 And there was a priest, a holy man called Darshandas, who he takes care of a temple
 which is in a wildlife sanctuary very deep in the jungle.
 It's 70 kilometers into the jungle in Gujarat.
 And he wanted to vote.
 And so five election officials traveled the 70 kilometers into the jungle,
 set up a polling station specifically for this guy.
 And he could vote.
 Although weirdly, and I couldn't find out why this was, they set it up a kilometer from his house.
 So they went all that way and they couldn't quite recall the last kilometer to his front door.
 I think you're going to make the efforts about, don't you?
 Yeah.
 Like you've got to go. He might want to think about who he's going to vote for during that one kilometer walk.
 They probably put placards on the trees on the way.
 So they're trying to convince him to sway the vote.
 Yeah, you're right.
 But this wasn't the only polling station for just one person.
 Was it not?
 Amazingly.
 So there was another one in a place called Malagam.
 And the team traveled 300 miles with the polling booth.
 That must be cumulatively. It must be.
 And there was a big interview with them.
 And I think a Washington Post, it was, went along.
 And the, as they were setting up the voting machines, one of them said,
 there is both excitement and nervousness.
 If the one voter turns up, there will be 100% voting.
 But if she doesn't, it will be 0%.
 And they got there.
 And the locals nearby said, oh, yeah, she's left. She's left the area.
 Oh, wow.
 But they thought, no, we hoped you turned up.
 They still have to have it there just in case they assume, right?
 Right.
 So demanding. So they had to at 5 a.m. wake up and carry out a mock poll with 50 mock votes.
 Even though there's only one voter coming to the polling station.
 And then, thankfully, the woman in question was called Tayang.
 And she turned up.
 She had been 125 miles away looking after her ill mother.
 She came all the way back to vote here.
 She arrived at 8.30. She still had to queue up because there was a problem with the machine.
 No way.
 She voted.
 And then they had to stay open until 5 p.m.
 Oh, my God.
 So if you've ever overslept and missed a count selection or something,
 you should feel incredibly guilty.
 I agree.
 Considering the polls usually close at 10 o'clock, I think.
 If you've overslept.
 Come on, James.
 We've all been students.
 Do we know if the original person that we're talking about with this fact voted?
 Josh Anders did vote.
 We are not sure who he voted for because it's.
 Well, there's a lot of people to vote for because there are thousands and thousands of thousands of people.
 Who take that in this election?
 Yeah.
 There's 1.3 billion people, as we said in India.
 And anyone who doesn't have a criminal conviction can stand in the election.
 So you have so many thousands of people.
 There's only 543 seats.
 And in the last election in 2014, we didn't have the figures for this year yet.
 But 90% of the 8,200 people who were going for election,
 forfeited their deposits.
 I know.
 So everyone's getting like 0% and 0.1% and stuff like that.
 There's a guy from Tamil Nadu who has contested and lost 201 elections.
 Oh, wow.
 How old is he?
 Well, he's been pretty old.
 But maybe like, like you say, council elections, local elections and stuff like that.
 And there's another guy called Fakad Baba who is currently on his 17th time,
 running for the national election.
 And his guru has predicted that his victory will come on the 20th attempt.
 Sorry.
 He's got three or nine having to go through all 20.
 Yeah, only to not win on the 20th attempt.
 Did you say it's if you're not convicted of something?
 If you've not been convicted of a criminal offense.
 I know there are a lot of people who have been charged.
 Yeah.
 So we found out something about this in our research for the book,
 which is that of the MPs elected, actually elected,
 43% are facing criminal charges of some kind.
 And of those, 18% are either charged with murder or attempted murder.
 So it's about 8% of all elected MPs in India are charged with either murder or attempted murder.
 And the reason is, of course, because in India, they have an unbelievable backlog of cases,
 which I think we might have mentioned before, like there are millions.
 If they did one every day or 100 every day,
 they won't clear it up for something like a thousand years or something like that.
 Yeah, I think we have discussed.
 And in fact, there's one story in the book, I think an Indian man was imprisoned this year
 for he stalled something like 20 rupees in 1979.
 That's right.
 So it's been 40 years waiting to get through.
 And he pledged not guilty.
 And then he sort of disappeared in 2004.
 They finally caught up with him arrested and put him in jail.
 And then I think they exonerated him.
 He spent three months in jail.
 And then they were like, "Actually, I'm not guilty."
 Yeah.
 I'm not evidence you can collect for this theft. They released him.
 And then they said, "Don't do it again, I think."
 They did, but they found not guilty.
 You're not guilty, but also don't do the thing you're not guilty of again.
 That's very lucky. It was only three months,
 because presumably the waiting list to revisit cases must be equally long.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 That's the thing in the Scottish courts, isn't it?
 They used to have that, I don't know if they're still with that verdict.
 Not guilty.
 Not guilty and not proven, which means not guilty, but don't do it again.
 Yeah.
 That's the old line, yeah.
 Just we should say how amazing and undertaking the Indian election is.
 So it's held in seven different phases because India is so vast.
 As you say, it just shows how swollen our parliamentary system is,
 because they have about a hundred fewer seats than us in Parliament.
 And they manage to rule this massive country.
 But it lasted this year from 11th of April to 19th of May.
 What voting?
 Yeah, voting.
 So they do it in seven different sections and it's across 20 states.
 And of course, Narendra Modi won in the end.
 And just in sort of political news that we have in the book,
 one of my favorite stories was about the Prime Minister of Bhutan.
 We found out this year that he likes to unwind from his very stressful job
 by going to a hospital every Friday and operating on someone.
 That's it.
 He said there's a quote he says, "Some people play golf, so I'm due archery.
 I like to operate."
 Which he is qualified to do, isn't he?
 No, but he doesn't do operations he's qualified for.
 That's the amazing thing.
 He takes a random patient and he picks a random procedure and he just does it.
 Very impressive.
 And the things you can get away with in public office.
 For a long time, so before he was Prime Minister,
 he was the only urological surgeon in Bhutan.
 And he used to have a TV show.
 He used to go on on the BBS, which is Bhutan Broadcasting Service.
 And the public would call in and he would give advice over the...
 Oh, like embarrassing bodies, basically.
 Yeah, but live, I guess.
 Okay, embarrassing bodies live.
 What do you have?
 I don't actually see that.
 I don't know what that show does.
 That's really interesting.
 They didn't have TV in Bhutan until the 80s or 90s.
 As well.
 So he must be like one of the biggest TV stars in history.
 Yeah, actually, do you know what?
 It's possible this is radio.
 I just realised I can actually put that detail down.
 Oh, so like any questions I'm really over for?
 But live.
 Oh, sorry.
 Any answers I'm really over for.
 That's the one where you ring in.
 But it's normally ringing in the same way you think about Brexit.
 It's like gardeners question time.
 Yeah.
 But not about gardening.
 But about the urological place.
 Please don't call up either gardeners question time.
 Or any questions with your weird bodily problems.
 Okay.
 Jonathan Dimblebee will not appreciate such a thing.
 Hello.
 Is that embarrassing bodies?
 No, this is Gardner's question time.
 Oh, can I tell you about my problem anyway?
 I'll go into the garden.
 Hang on.
 The rash on my penis is still there.
 Now the neighbours are shouting something.
 Are there political news from the year?
 Yeah.
 So there was the election of Zelensky, president of Ukraine,
 who's recently comment his own by getting involved in American politics.
 But this, he was a film star.
 So much like the Bhutanese guy.
 He was famous before he became president for other reasons.
 Oh, Greta Thumburg.
 Oh, Greta Thumburg.
 So he starred in a series called Servant of the People.
 And it was an extremely popular series where he plays a man,
 the lead role, way plays a man who accidentally becomes leader of the country.
 And so he thought I'm going to try that for real.
 And so he set up a party called Servant of the People,
 because why waste that name?
 And yeah, he smashed it.
 It's insane.
 It's so bizarre.
 I mean, I can't think of it.
 I guess it's like the stars of the thick of it, isn't it?
 Actually becoming Prime Minister.
 Or you know, like the star of the apprentice,
 becoming president of the United States.
 Yeah, true.
 Yeah.
 I guess the thick of it, yeah, if they are exactly leaders.
 Did you see the recent news about Zelensky,
 which is too recent for the book, actually,
 aside from the fact that Trump's obviously in a small bit of trouble
 for asking him to look into his rival?
 But Zelensky also just broke the world record for the longest ever press conference.
 Did you?
 So this is a few days ago.
 It was, it lasted from 10 in the morning until just after midnight.
 It's a long press conference.
 Oh my goodness.
 And what was that?
 Questions and answers?
 It was questions and answers.
 And apparently he largely did it to try and deflect attention
 because he's getting in trouble in Ukraine
 for having got involved with Donald Trump in this questionable way.
 But eight hours, so I guess at 6 p.m.
 someone came up and announced that he'd broken the existing record,
 which was set by Belarus.
 So presumably everyone thought, "Oh, thank God we can go away now."
 He went on for another six hours.
 That is amazing.
 It's impressive, isn't it?
 Wow.
 And he also said that he had special surgery done,
 or a special treatment done on his vocal cords
 to make them stronger, had injections to strengthen his vocal cords.
 Oh yeah, you can get both tucks in your vocal cords,
 can't you to make them stronger?
 Oh, it must have been that.
 Wouldn't that seize them up like it does with your face muscles?
 It would seize them up, but then you,
 it's the amount that you put in depends on how much they're seized up, right?
 And actually looking at it now,
 some of the questions were why your vocal cords looking so sexy.
 So I think it, it was the Botox thing.
 (Laughter)
 There was, who I would have liked when the Ukrainian election,
 because then they would have been speaking to Trump on the phone
 and discussing Joe Biden,
 is the person who was called Darth Vader,
 who ran for a seat in that election.
 Right.
 Darth Victoravitch Vader.
 Wow.
 So you just want to hear his heavy breathing voice on the phone, you're saying?
 Look, you take it away.
 (Laughter)
 But no, I just, like, I just love the idea of instead of Trump being in trouble with Zaladsky,
 being in trouble with Darth Vader, that would have been hilarious.
 (Laughter)
 Trump turns out to be his son out of his fifth term in all this.
 What are my favorite facts of this book?
 So there was a, there was a kid who became quite famous globally known as Eggboy.
 Eggboy became famous in Australia because he threw an egg,
 well smashed an egg rather on a far-right politician called Fraser Anning
 during a live TV interview and Anning punched him.
 And so he became famous.
 But it's just a tiny detail that I think James U found out,
 that Eggboy, who got given the nickname Eggboy for the thing that he did.
 In later interviews, he revealed that at school he is already known as Eggboy
 because he used to bring hard-boiled eggs to school
 and classmates complain that they smell.
 So he used to be Eggboy in a bad way
 and now he's Eggboy the hero.
 That's good though, he's taking back control of the name Eggboy, really, is what you're saying.
 Yeah, exactly. He's two things have happened in his life, taking back control.
 And you have to stop reading the telegram.
 (Laughter)
 There was one more Aussie politician.
 He got caught replying to his own Facebook post, but under another name.
 This is Angus Taylor MP. He was a liberal MP.
 And he posted a video announcing extra parking spaces at train stations.
 Fine, fair enough.
 And then he immediately replied to it, but under his own account name,
 saying, "Fantastic, great move, well done Angus."
 (Laughter)
 And everyone spotted this, and they immediately also started replying.
 Fantastic, great move, well done Angus.
 (Laughter)
 So actually he got what he wanted, lots of support.
 Lots of surprises.
 Lots of surprises.
 That's the Eggballs.
 It's the Eggballs.
 (Laughter)
 Eggballs are something you need to see that urologist about.
 (Laughter)
 (Music)
 Okay, it is time for our final factor of the show.
 And that is my fact.
 My fact this week, taken from the book of the year 2019,
 is that a Canadian man who threw his speeding ticket out of his car window
 was then given a ticket for littering.
 So he lost twice.
 That will teach you.
 It's the opposite of Eggboy, basically.
 And two wrongs don't make a right today.
 The speeding ticket didn't undo his...
 Not in law, definitely.
 ...littering, no.
 Two wrongs allowed us.
 It's fine.
 (Laughter)
 Didn't even number of murders.
 Yeah.
 So many people have been ruined by that misconception.
 It's such a shame.
 (Laughter)
 Yeah, there was a lot of funny, weird crime stories this year.
 I wasn't there.
 A lot of kind of fitting ones, a bit like that.
 So one of the stories in the book is that five guys were arrested
 at a branch of five guys.
 Yes.
 The Burger Chain.
 This was in Florida.
 And they got into a fist fight.
 It was an out and out brawl.
 And I think we like to think that there were only four guys involved
 and the police just asked the fifth guy.
 Do you mind if we arrest you as well?
 (Laughter)
 We've got to make this work.
 (Laughter)
 There was a British fugitive who got arrested.
 He fled Australia on a jet ski.
 I really like this guy.
 Where was he going?
 He was going to Papua New Guinea, which is 120 miles.
 So I think he stopped the fuel at Nyland on the way.
 However, he ran out of fuel three miles short of Papua New Guinea.
 And he was wanted for some pretty bad stuff.
 He was armed with a crossbow as well.
 And when he arrived at this remote peninsula to refuel
 with his jet ski, a witness told the Brisbane paper the courier mail
 that he stuck out like dogs' balls.
 (Laughter)
 That just reminds me, the Australian jet ski guy,
 of a story that we had in, I think it was the first book of the year,
 still available, still very readable.
 Remember the guy, I think he was the musician,
 who had eaten way too much at a restaurant.
 A seafood restaurant he jumped into the ocean to escape the police.
 And his tactic for escaping the water jet,
 at the water ski riding police, was to hide underwater.
 (Laughter)
 I can't remember his name, he had an amazing name.
 Oh.
 He was a rapper.
 Yeah, that's awesome.
 I was going to say self-made cash, but he's from this year's button.
 Yeah, he is.
 Because he, self-made cash is the rapper who has got done
 for credit card fraud, right?
 That's right.
 But was it, and I think the judges, when they condemned him this year,
 said self-made cash, because he's actually written all these songs
 where the lyrics kind of talk about how you can do a good fraud.
 Or, this probably the authorities don't do a decent fraud, mate.
 And so I think when he was sentenced, the judge was like,
 "Self-made cash thinks that he is really adept at credit card fraud.
 He is not."
 Yes.
 If a judge is saying that to you, you probably know
 that you're not very good at credit card fraud already, don't you?
 Can I give you a crime story, which wasn't in the book?
 Yeah.
 This is kind of serious, but also quite amazing.
 So there was a man who was arrested on suspicion of stalking
 a female pop idol in Japan.
 But the way that he stalked her, this is incredible.
 She took photos and selfies and stuff and put them on social media.
 And he looked at her pupils and looked at the reflection
 in her pupils of what she was looking at.
 And then he used Google Street View to find out where she lived.
 Fraud.
 Wow.
 Isn't that unbelievable?
 Oh my God.
 I mean, that is terrifying.
 It's terrifying.
 It's not a fun story, but it's an amazing story.
 But it's useful because it means that we should all start walking around
 with our eyes closed.
 I think just whenever you take a selfie, have your eyes closed.
 Yeah.
 But if you really want to be a safety contrast owner, just go around with your eyes closed constantly.
 I think so.
 There was a similar story, though, that is in the book, which was about
 Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez.
 Do you remember the thing about the fact that she was in a bath?
 And it was a nude photo of her in the bath.
 And you could see in the faucet at the end, you could see a reflection
 that looked like her.
 And she was insisting that this wasn't her.
 And they couldn't really prove it, but someone eventually got to the bottom of it.
 And it was someone who uses the website, WikiFeed,
 which is where feet are posted up of celebrity women all over the world.
 And you rank them and you look at pictures of their feet.
 Do you?
 Only sometimes.
 But this guy is the person who exonerated her for the fact it wasn't her,
 because he was able to show that it wasn't her feet.
 And he said, "I've sucked enough toes in my life to recognise
 what something doesn't look right."
 Yeah.
 I mean, he becomes a hero for doing that.
 And then immediately in the same sense, it becomes a creepiest person.
 There was another weirdly, another story related to that as well,
 which was about Taylor Swift using facial recognition at her gigs.
 So when you arrived, I think there are lots of booths around.
 And if you look into the booth, you can get snapped or your photo is taken.
 Or there are cameras all around at her gigs.
 And then those images are uploaded to a central command post.
 And then they're cross-referenced with images of people who are known
 to have been stalkers of Taylor Swift or have been too creepy.
 And then...
 Is that a crime?
 I think being too creepy is a crime.
 Yeah, too creepy, too creepy.
 And so then the people can be slung out of the gigs.
 Yeah, I read just on the facial recognition thing,
 that in China, they've literally just come up with this new technology
 which can facially recognise an entire stadium of people.
 And that's what it is.
 It's a really, really high megapixel camera.
 So this is one of the most clear cameras that exists in the world.
 And you can get an image of 10, 20,000 people.
 And it can facially recognise all of them.
 Wait, so if those exact 80,000 people are together again somewhere,
 it'll know that they're the same ones who all attended the show for a game.
 That's not the reason.
 Sorry, just say 80,000 people in a bolted game.
 That's my take away from that story.
 That was where that fell down.
 No, it's like to look for stalkers or criminals or anything.
 Yeah.
 The purpose is not to have a comeback gig for an audience.
 I just like the phrase, it could recognise an entire stadium of people.
 It needs to see that one stadium exactly composed that way.
 It would be an amazing game of spot the difference,
 or worse, Wally, for an AI machine.
 That would be fantastic.
 If you could cajole the 20,000 people to come back again.
 Apart from one person who can't make it.
 And they'd just replace them with someone in a red stripy jumper.
 Amazing.
 If you want really good facial recognition,
 it helps to be an authoritarian state like China,
 because they are way out in front with it.
 They are.
 They know they're doing.
 That's good advice.
 I think that.
 But on facial recognition,
 we should also talk about bodily recognition,
 which has a big feature in our book.
 And this is specifically the story that a Swedish police officer recognised
 the naked body of a criminal when he was sharing a sauna with him.
 Amazing.
 I thought he recognised the faces.
 We don't know.
 He doesn't say.
 He said we recognised each other.
 We don't know which part.
 I didn't know that rash.
 What a hero though.
 That is amazing.
 Because obviously, sauna is a big thing in Sweden,
 and they are here.
 And so he arrested him.
 He made a naked arrest.
 They were both naked in the sauna together.
 And I hadn't realised that they did recognise each other.
 So it sounds like their eyes met across the steam room.
 Do you think I recognised the criminal?
 I'd quickly put a shitload of water on the colds.
 So he got really, really steamy.
 And then you could make your escape.
 That's brilliant.
 That's why every such is a great suit of criminal.
 We had just a bit of behind the scenes on the writing of this book.
 Obviously, for all the articles,
 there was a lot of sort of back and forth about what we thought was a funny way to put things
 or a better way to write things.
 Massive arguments.
 Just put it as it is.
 Massive.
 Just absolutely life-shattering arguments.
 We're not yet talking to each other fully again.
 No, but one of my favourite moments was actually an argument that I had with Andy
 about the drawing for this article,
 which was of a man that Adam Deltie drew for us,
 sitting in a sauna with handcuffs around his-
 Adam Delties are cartoonists, by the way.
 For all three of us.
 For all three of us.
 Our illustrator, yeah.
 And he drew the criminal in the sauna with a towel on,
 sitting on a towel and handcuffs on.
 Andy wanted the towel removed,
 because he wanted to see the man's bottom.
 Yeah, but probably because in Scandinavia they don't use towels.
 Thank you, James.
 I wish you'd been in the room for this argument.
 Yes, but the scene I would have still come down on.
 But he was in handcuffs.
 So obviously something had happened whereby handcuffs were grabbed.
 Most likely a towel was grabbed as well.
 That was your internal logic of the way that scene played out.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Please write in with your votes.
 Who do you want to leave the show forever?
 Andy, or Dan?
 Or both.
 He had an option to see.
 I've got one fact which didn't sadly make it into the book,
 because it's going to happen too late.
 But this is another arrest.
 And it's a man in a place called Mold in North Wales.
 Oh, yeah, I like it really.
 Yeah.
 So he was arrested after he tried on some jeans in a shop.
 Okay.
 But he then left behind 31 wraps of heroin in the pockets of the jeans that he tried on.
 Let's say really well.
 I just want to say.
 Wow, that is amazing.
 And absolutely balls he has. He went back into the shop to say,
 "Oh, I've left my medication behind."
 It was these 31 little wraps of white belt or whatever.
 Oh my god.
 I think I would do that as well, because they are probably going to track you down at that point anyway.
 I want to track you down.
 Oh, CCTV, I suppose.
 If you've gone in and paid for your dry cleaning, they're going to have your decels.
 It's a close shop.
 He was, he was, he did try, he tried on some.
 Wait a minute.
 He's taking his trousers off and left them in the clothes shop.
 So it wasn't entirely clear to me.
 I think he, he's left the clothes shop.
 He tried, he tried the trousers on, but then he was holding the heroin and then he put them in the trousers pockets.
 So he could remind himself.
 I know, I bet I know.
 Maybe he was testing the trousers to see how they fit with 31 wraps of heroin and then to see if they made the pockets look bulky.
 I think I have done that in close shops, not specifically with that substance, but with other classic drugs.
 Really?
 Because you do.
 Well, you put things in the pockets, see how they look.
 You need to check the pockets aren't too tight, I think.
 Oh, yeah.
 Well, this is, this is an example actually in the book.
 So we have an article which is called "Unusual Suspects" where this actually happened where a drug dealer suspected drug dealer in Manchester left a rucksack stuff with drugs on a tram.
 And they found him because he had his full name and address on the bag.
 So it does happen that you can...
 Yeah, criminals are ready. It's another good weird idiot criminal story was, I think this is my top five stories in the book.
 It's that the owner of the smugglers in hotel was charged with people smuggling.
 And this is a place in Washington state.
 It's near the Canadian border and it's owner Robert Boulay really embraces the smugglers theme.
 So, you know, he's not trying to hide, he hasn't tried to hide the fact before that he's into the smuggling theme.
 Every room is named after a famous criminal.
 You know, all the decorous smuggler theme.
 Or as the heroin dealers in.
 Yeah.
 And yeah, he just went one step too far and has been charged with 21 counts of inducing aiding a rebetting seven people who are entering Canada illegally.
 That's amazing.
 But the thing I love about this place is I think this is the thing that you've found done.
 But that in a more unbelievable coincidence, in 2012 the smugglers in was a scene of a crime when police arrested three people there for smuggling drugs in a car.
 The coincidence one and the license plate was smuggler.
 Yeah.
 Well, this was the thing we mentioned on the podcast years ago.
 Yeah.
 Just when we were writing this, I don't think it was my facts, but I recalled that we'd mentioned it.
 I thought, "Can't be the same place."
 And it is. What's the guy doing?
 Same place.
 Smuggling.
 Yeah.
 We should wrap up soon.
 Anyone got anything before we do?
 Just one other nice little crime story.
 This is that a man in Salisbury had to excuse himself from jury duty.
 Do you remember this? He was excusing himself on the grounds that he was scheduled to be the judge in the case in question.
 That's awesome.
 This was Judge Keith Cutler.
 And he said, "You know, I can't really be on the jury because I'm judging this case."
 He's resident judge of Winchester and Salisbury.
 And so he wrote to ask for an exemption.
 And he was rejected.
 He was told by the authorities that he had to apply to the resident judge if he wanted an exemption.
 And he wrote back and said, "I am the resident judge."
 All he needs to be is also the executioner.
 He's an idiot of it himself.
 Okay, that's it. That is all of our facts from our new book, The Book of the Year 2019.
 It is out now. We would so appreciate it if you guys would buy a copy.
 We're incredibly proud of it. It's very funny. It's so interesting.
 And sorry, can I just say, like, you might think having heard this, you've heard everything in the book.
 There are so many facts from it, but honestly, there are a thousand more facts, two thousand more facts.
 Yeah, and it's really, this one's really fun.
 We've all written individual articles about things that we're passionate about.
 James has written about how to make the ultimate betting move to win a lot of money.
 You've written about the Mueller report.
 Yeah, my main passion.
 Andy got a sausages article in, finally.
 I interviewed the mayor of Uranus in America.
 There's a lot of us in the book this time, and it's, and it's a great book.
 It is out now, and it would mean the world to us if you would buy it.
 If you'd like to get in contact with us to ask us about the book and anything that you've read in it,
 we can be found on Twitter. I'm on @Sriberland.
 Andy.
 @AndryHunterM.
 James.
 I can be found at Amazon.com if you search for The Book of the Year 2019 or in Waterstones or at James Harkin.
 And just let's get...
 You can email podcast@QI.com.
 Yep, or you can go to our group account at no such thing or our website. No such thing is a fish.com.
 We have lots up there, all of our previous episodes, upcoming tickets to tour dates.
 And you can also find a really exciting behind-the-scenes documentary that we made on our last tour called Behind the Gills.
 Okay, we'll see you again next week. Goodbye.
  We can do you and I believe in all of you. 
