 So the episode you're about to hear was recorded at the Cheltenham Literature Festival and every single
 fact in it is from the book. So it will give you a good idea about what you're going to be buying.
 It was an awesome gig. Hope you enjoy.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast this week
 coming to you from the Cheltenham Literature Festival.
 My name is Dan Schreiber. I'm sitting here with Anna Chazinski, Andrew Huntamari, and James
 Harkin. And once again, we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts
 from the last seven days. And in no particular order, here we go. Starting with you, Chazinski.
 My fact this week is that this year the phrase "Make America Great Again" adorned half a million hats
 and one a-ness.
 That is legally contentious, as a way of describing the president.
 So this is, of course, the MAGA caps. If you weren't living in a cave, the MAGA appeared on lots of
 caps that were sold throughout America, but also LGBTQ performance artist Abel Azcona had himself
 tattooed, stenciled on the bottom, with "Make America Great Again" with the MAGA. And he said it was
 an a subversive action. So he said, "The anus is a land of pleasure and a terrarium of empowerment
 for many." I didn't know. A terrarium terrarium is very unusual. I thought a terrarium was where
 you kept ants. No, that's a formicarium. A terrarium is where you keep snakes and things like that.
 Oh right, okay. That's much better right. Is it why you keep... Shoddy, it's just a place it's
 full of earth. I mean, we already is vexed, it's the point of time.
 So he concluded that writing a fascist political motto like that is what is not mine.
 "In my anus" is a clearly critical and subversive action, so that's what's in it. The anus is what you're
 saying. Oh god. I think it was... It was a lot to know this, Andy. It was a possibility. It could be
 surrounding. Yeah, that's what that was. Yeah, as well. He did say it in, but I think it's on the edge.
 Inside? No, come on. You don't write the word polo inside the mint. You write it around the...
 So what's interesting about this guy is that he's done it, but he doesn't regress it. And we
 read a story last year about a guy called Joshua who done a similar thing. He was a big fan of Bernie
 Sanders, but he did regret his tattoo, which was a tattoo on his penis, which said feel the burn.
 And then he did that in the primaries, and then Hillary got it, and he was like, oh, I have made a
 terrible mistake. This is still 2020, isn't it? That's true. So do you know,
 make America great again was actually Ronald Reagan's campaign slogan? Or his was not exactly the same,
 his was let's make America great again. And also his next phrase, he's already worked out what
 it'll be in 2020. Really? Yeah, he's going to go for keep America great exclamation point. That's
 what he says. But unfortunately, that's already taken by a horror movie. It's in purge election
 year, which is a movie that came out last year. Wow. So he's not allowed to use it? Well, I think he will
 anyway. Could he put maybe a question mark on the end instead of something? Yeah. He did really
 specifically say the exclamation point when they asked him about it. Did he? Well, he said the words
 exclamation point, or he just said it like he says stuff. I mean, it's such, three years is such a long
 time in politics, isn't it? I think we can, you know, we don't know if that'll be the slogan. He
 might change it to something realistic, like let us fight the cockroaches among the Radio Act.
 He did get, he got in another legal copyright dispute. I mean, he has a lot of lawsuits all the time,
 but there was one lawsuit that Trump got involved in, which was over an app for the iPhone,
 and the app was called iTrump, okay? So it was, and it was against a trumpet teacher, an
 amateur musician. He's a 40-year-old guy called Thomas Schaffeld, and they had this, I think,
 a six-year legal battle where Schaffeld represented himself in court against all of Trump's lawyers,
 and he won. So the eye Trump now belongs to this trumpet guy. Awesome. Yeah. Have you ever heard of
 Eddie Trump? No. I don't know how to describe this guy, but so there's this Per Brothers, real estate
 developers called the Trump Brothers. One of them's Eddie Trump in 2013 ABC News had a list of the
 top 50 most influential ultra-high net worth individuals. There was one Trump on it. It was Eddie
 Trump bizarrely, but in the 1980s, they had this real estate company, and Donald Trump found out
 about it when he received a letter accidentally sent to him, which was meant for Eddie Trump,
 and so he spent the next many years trying to sue them for using the Trump name, his own name
 on their business, despite them being called the Trumps. And he lost that case, but that's amazing.
 Simmer. One of my favorite Trump stories from this year, and it's made it into the book
 under the title "Protests, Non-Dirty," because we have a dirty protest section.
 Is that a US cabinet member, who's Wilbur Ross, praised Donald Trump's trip to Saudi Arabia,
 saying it was so successful that there wasn't a single protestor failing to recognize that
 protesting is illegal in Saudi Arabia. And he was on a TV show talking about it,
 saying it was fascinating. There was not one bad guy with a bad placard standing there doing
 anything, and when the reporter said, "Yeah, but that's because he would go to jail for up to 15
 years if he was standing doing that." In theory, that could be true. Yeah, yeah. But really,
 it was amazing. Just no one was there. Well, he's not had the best time abroad,
 has he Trump. He went to the G20, and he was sat next to it one of the dinners, the first lady
 of Japan. And he said it was quite tough to sit next to her because she didn't speak any English.
 The problem is, if you go on the internet, you can look at videos of her and she speaks perfect English.
 So just completely affected. Amazing. There was one line of his, which I think encapsulated a lot
 of the whole presidency so far. This was something that Dan found. He said, he was interviewed and he said,
 "I think we've had the most successful 13 weeks in the history of the presidency." Unfortunately,
 he said that only 11 weeks into his presidency. Actually, we wrote an article in the book on the
 inauguration, and we did it in numbers because that was obviously the big thing where he said,
 "Biggest inauguration ever, period." And Andy did this whole article about the many little numbers
 that didn't get reported. Do you have any examples? Yes. Oh, what was this? So the crowd was meant
 to be 1.5 million, and actually it was worked out at three to six hundred thousand, which is still
 a lot of people. What, you mean three hundred thousand to six hundred thousand? Sorry, I don't mean
 minimum three maximum six hundred thousand. What else was there? There were, oh, things,
 the number of cans of ravioli. Ravioli that were confiscated by security for being a potential
 risk to presidential security, which that was two. What was the thing about Don's John's?
 Oh, yeah, all the, all the porters for the crowds who turned up were brought by a company, which is
 genuinely called Don's John's, and they feared that people might make jokes about this, so they covered
 all the labels up with blue tape on the day. So it's got a thin skinned ring. And they also confiscated
 from people coming into the inauguration bananas. So if you had a banana, it wasn't allowed in unless
 it was sliced. So they would say, "May I see your lunchbox?" I'm sorry, that bananas in full form.
 So another thing that Trump said that people, according to question this year, was that he invented
 the phrase priming the pump. Do people remember that? So he used the phrase priming the pump, and then he
 said, have you heard that expression before because I haven't heard it? I mean, I just made it up a
 couple of days ago. That's just the kind of thing I have to do. And of course, he didn't make it up,
 it dates back to 1819, I think, in a Walter Scott story, which then I ended up reading in preparation
 for this. It's great, but Walter Scott's actually talking about a woman who comes up to him at a party
 and says to him, "I really loved your latest book, but he'd written it under a pseudonym." So she was
 actually bragging to him and saying, "Haha, I've got you. I know it's you." And so he's talking about
 how annoyed he is that she's trying to prime the pump with flattery. But yeah, he also
 claimed this week, I think, or last week, to have invented fake news. I think I'd give him that.
 No, it was even just the word fake because he didn't get to news. So I think he did meet
 mean fake news, but he's sitting next to Pence in it, and that's the best bit because he says,
 "No, many people know. I invented the word fake." And Pence is like, "Yeah, he did."
 He's such a good best friend. He's so good. It's not done him too much harm. So, for example,
 since the election, at least two babies in Iraq have been named Trump. So he's got that.
 That's a take away. They're going to go through life answering questions about that.
 Well, here's an interesting thing. I went to Kosovo quite a few years ago, and I was told while I was
 out there that a popular name that was happening amongst boys in Kosovo, new names,
 was Tonneblur, T-O-N-B-L-R, and it's a tribute to Tony Blair because of the, I think there's a Bill
 Clinton, Bill of Adela, Christina. There's Clinton up on buildings everywhere you went. There was
 pictures of Clinton, and Tonneblur is a name in Kosovo now. But the problem is with Donald is
 no one's been called Donald anymore. Oh, that's true. I think there were only something like two
 babies called Donald in Scotland, even last year. Even in Scotland? No, it's the home of Donald.
 It's the home of the Donald. Because it's in Scotland, where can you? And apparently they did an
 interview with a guy who was called Donald, and he said he had to apologise every time he went to
 Starbucks. But that's because he took a poo on the account. Why did he apologise? Because they say
 what's your name? And he goes, "Donald, sorry." And so he's saying about Scotland, Donald Trump has
 some golf courses in Scotland. And for one of those, he wanted to have a crest for his family.
 So what he did was he took an English crest and stole it and put the word "Trump" at the bottom
 in place of the word that was there before that, which was integrity.
 We're going to have to move on to our second fact, because we're running on a tighter podcast schedule
 tonight. So we're going to move on to our second fact now, and that is James. Okay, my fact this
 week is that East Enderstar Adam Woodjatt was beaten in the London marathon this year by a man
 in a sleeping bag, a woman in a full-body dinosaur suit, and a man carrying a tumble dryer.
 So he did the course in seven hours and four minutes, which is... Is that slow? It's quite slow, yeah.
 Okay. They reckon one of the reasons might have been because he was doing so many selfies on the way.
 Okay. But yeah, there were 73 world records attempted at this year's London marathon,
 and 39 were broken. So this sleeping bag was broken, the dinosaur was broken. The fastest marathon
 ever run by someone dressed as a witch was broken. That was by Nicola Nothol from Pendle,
 and she thought she'd broken the record last year, but they nullified her results because her skirt
 was too short. Oh, yeah. Apparently witches have to have a certain length of skirt.
 Did not know that, yeah. How sure was Adam Woodjatt's skirt.
 He's, I bet, I mean, are there any East Ender's fans in here except me? No, wow, not a single one.
 No overlap between shot and the cherry festival, and East Enders fail.
 I owe a lot of, like, him and Dale fans to me. Yeah, you're right. Well, he's always doing embarrassing
 stuff in East Enders, so this just fits with his character. Maybe it was a bit of method acting.
 No, I'd never really heard of Adam Woodjatt before this, but he's like the right person.
 He's like the right person. He's like the right person. He's like the right person.
 Yeah, he did. Oh my god. I have a question about the sleeping bag person.
 Yes. Did the sleeping bag person run it with the sleeping bag on this way, or this way?
 Oh, sorry. I should clarify for people listening to this because it's an audio thing.
 The thing is, how many ways are there? You said this way. No one's a home gang while there's
 at least six ways. Sorry, okay. I reckon, and I don't know this, but I reckon it must have been like
 this way. Oh, I see. Yeah, I think about it. That makes most sense. You're right.
 I think, like, one of the sac races. Yeah, but I think I would run faster. If I unzipped it a bit
 the legs and headed on over my head with some eye holes. Eye holes, but you can't have eye holes.
 It's world record. Oh, sorry. Is that cheating? I think so. It compromised the sleeping bag, I guess.
 Yeah, and some other records, Beaton, the fastest marathon as someone dressed as a swimmer,
 a star, a crustacean, an elf, a fast food item, and a toilet roll.
 Stressed as a swimmer? That was the least effort I've ever had anyone put into a costume.
 It'd be great when he passed the starfish in the crustacean because he could just make it look like
 he's even under water. Yeah, did he have to act out like he was swimming? No, he just wore
 trunks. Right. Yeah, that's not, if anything, that should be faster than the runners because he's
 got less air resistance. He should have won the actual marathon. What's amazing as well is,
 none of these are set new records. These are all broke existing records. So there must be a massive
 list somewhere where people are going, I really want a record. What do I need to do? I can dress
 as a giant hot dog. Okay, I'll go and I'll try and smash that one this year. So that's all they've
 done, right? Yeah, I guess you're right. What about this tumble dry guy? Oh, well, he was, I can't
 remember his name, it's in the book. He basically decided he wanted to carry an item of kitchen equipment
 and it was allowed to be any of them, but he tried originally with a fridge, I think. See, I would
 have gone spatula. I would have immediately. He tried with a fridge and then decided it wasn't
 really working because it was too big and then went with the tumble dryer. And apparently in his
 hometown, he was practicing and he kept being stopped by the police. I thought he was the world's
 most brazen thief. The great one is the gorilla. I'm sure you guys see the guy who did the marathon
 as a gorilla. He was a policeman, must he? Yeah, yeah, that's right. So he completed it by walking
 as a gorilla and it took him. He didn't walk as a gorilla. He was like on his hands and knees.
 He was on his hands and knees. He was quoted because he was stopped halfway through the race,
 or along the race, asking any advice for anyone who wants to travel as a gorilla in a marathon
 in future. And his quotes is get a bit more training in. We only did about four crawling sessions
 beforehand. I'd also recommend painkillers and bloody mindedness. Anyway, I'd better get crawling.
 He even wants to be in the confiscated as bananas at the entrance, isn't he?
 He was even slower than Adam Witt, yeah, wasn't he? He was like, was it six days?
 He takes six days and eight, six and a half days? Yeah, that's a lot slower than Adam Witt.
 He wasn't there for a week. No, you're right. But I think in order to get a medal, you need to do
 it in something like six hours. So he was only six days out of getting a medal. But there is a lot
 of spot in this book, isn't it? There is. I was going to say, can I quickly read out my favorite
 sport fact from this book? This is a fact that was found from James, found by James. And that is
 a non-leg footballer and Aberdeen missed the goal so badly that they found the ball 1,800 kilometers
 away in Norway. So his shot went past the goal. It went into the river D and it just went into the
 North Sea and it just floated away. And then ages later, because for the fact that they had the name
 of their team on the ball, they got an email from a small island off the coast of Norway called
 Vanna, who said, we've got your ball. And so they returned it and they have the ball back again.
 That's so sweet. There was actually this week, there was a fifth league football match in Romania
 that had to be called off before it finished because all of the spare balls ended up in the river.
 So they had a dozen spare balls and then they had to finish it. It was something like the 58th
 minute or something. They had to end the match because they didn't only balls left. So these things
 happened. It's not playing by rivers or seas. We should move on to our next fact again,
 like in Titish. So we're going to move on to fact number 3 and that is Andy. My fact is that the
 Queen's nickname is Gary. Is that your personal nickname for her? No, it's even better. It's a family
 nickname for the Queen. So this was something we found out this year and it's something that Prince
 William called her when he was a child because he was unable to pronounce Grammy. So he would call
 her Gary instead. I just think that's very sweet. Apparently Prince Philip calls her Cabbage.
 Oh, okay. Do we know why? He can't pronounce Elizabeth. She just comes out like that.
 He retired this year, didn't he? That's in the book. Oh yeah, we wrote about that. So he
 retired this year and it's been a huge disappointment to this one small island at Vanuatu, an island
 called Tanner because the people who revere him as a god have been waiting five decades for him to
 come and he's now no longer coming. So they're devastated. It's really, really bad news over there.
 They must have seen it coming when the clock ticked over on the fourth decade.
 Yeah, he's a god. He's a god. He's still retired, are they? I guess not. No. Apparently one of the
 things about that is if he and the Queen ever went to this island and the Queen ever witnessed him
 publicly drinking Carver, the local drink, then local etiquette dictates that she would have to be
 instantly executed by a single blow to the head with a vegetable.
 Well, we found out another nickname, whose nickname was it? Oh, Camilla, Parker Bowles. That's right.
 The Duchess of Cornwall. The Duchess of Cornwall. She said that her nickname at school was the
 growler because... I expected more from you. Because she was so bad at singing, is the reason. Sean
 Spicer was once called Sean Sphinxer. I think he was called that when he was at uni and one of the
 University magazine called him Sean Sphinxer and then he got very, very upset and they said it was just
 a totally innocent auto-correct, but... I don't think auto-correct kind of existed when Spicer was at
 university. No, and also Spicer is a word, isn't it? This is a great one. This was a scientific paper
 published this year. This is just to do with names. There was a paper published about the evolution
 of the horse hoof, talking about the number of toes it used to have because it now has one toe and
 it used to have more. The lead writer of that paper is called Brianna McHorse. McHorse is a surname.
 She sounds like she was named by the internet, doesn't she? Yeah, she does. She's a Bodie McBoch Horse,
 she's... Yeah, that's true. This is like, so Canada got a new national bird. This is in the books
 I think it was last year. So Canada's new national bird is the Grey J, but the person who set up the
 campaign for them to get a new national bird was called Professor David Bird. That's good. That
 reminds me, there's a tennis player who's currently playing. He's a tennis player from Tennessee,
 and he's called tennis. No. He's called tennis Sandgren, okay? And on Wikipedia it says, "Although tennis
 Sandgren is a tennis player from Tennessee, he is actually named after his great-grandfather,
 who did not play tennis and was not from Tennessee." James, you found out about the names of the year.
 Oh, I love those guys. Yeah. There's an online competition every year to find the best-named person,
 and it's all real people from all over the world and it's done by an online vote, and I'm sure you
 have some of them. Well, I know that the winner was Boats Boats. Yep. Have you just said to James,
 you found out about the names of the year, and then relied on him? No, I've got them here. I don't
 want to take credit for them. Well, let me say the people who Boats Boats beat to get to the final.
 He beat Eliza Fox Teats, Bird Love God, Aphrodite Bodycomb,
 Quinterius Monday, and Andy Brandy, Casa Grande.
 But we've actually, as we were writing this book, we've come across loads of better names,
 even than those, haven't we? Yeah, yeah. I really like this is one that's under the entry, Kinky.
 This is further down, but just for the sake of knowing, Europe opened its first sex doll brothel
 this year, and it has a staff of four dolls and stuff, just letting you know it's in the book.
 But in that article, in the Kinky article, I found this year that there's a cop in America
 who was suspended from the force after it was discovered that her previous occupation was a
 dominatrix, and that's what she did. And her name is Officer Hyman, that's her name. And she was told
 she could stay on on the condition that she passed a psychiatric exam to prove she wasn't prone to
 using excessive force. Did you guys see Tatler released a list of poshest baby names in the last
 couple of weeks? It was bizarre. So, hey, it shows weird self-awareness of Tatler to say these are
 the poshest names. We know about this, if we know about anything. And it said for girls, it said,
 these are real names, we promise, with no evidence to back that up. But it said for girls, best names
 you can name your kid are Scar, Zaza, Figgy or Monovine. And then for boys, you could call your son
 Barclay Mow, which probably presumably I've run it. I'm chairman. I guess so. Well, you wouldn't
 call him chairman, would you? Other names they recommend for a boy, Wigbert? Wigbert? Yeah, so maybe
 rethink your exorias, quail and Peter, but starting with an N, but the N is silent. Okay.
 I've got another one, which is that this is under the entry Northern Lights in the book,
 and we found this amazing thing. It was found in the middle of last year, but it's been debated
 about since last year, up until this year, and they finally announced that they finally know what
 it is. So they thought that this was a part of the Aurora Borealis for years. It was a light
 phenomenon that was happening in the sky, thought it was just a part of the Northern Lights.
 And there's a Facebook group of Aurora Spodders who kept looking at it going, I'm not sure that this
 is the Aurora Borealis. And it turns out they were right, that it was this amazing new light
 phenomenon that's been there since, you know, since we've had eyes and seen things. Maybe even
 before that. Maybe even before, but actually, that's a good point, yeah. Yeah. So just like two days before
 we had eyes, that started. And so that's incredible. Unfortunately, it has been named by the public,
 so it's now called Steve. Get some beautiful Steve's. Yeah, come on. And they tried to backtrack it
 to say, oh, that it has a real scientific name. So what they said that it might stand for is strong
 thermal emission velocity enhancement. But actually, it's named after a cartoon called Over the
 Hedge, which is a sort of animation for kids. And it's a talking squirrel who names a hedge Steve.
 And that's why it's got its name. I think just don't ask the public to name things.
 Don't ask the public, yeah. There was a orangutan with white fur. It was found this year in Bonio.
 And they asked the public to name that. It's the first albino orangutan that these guys have ever
 found. And the public actually came up with a decent name, which was alba meaning white, which is
 quite good. They sensibly ignored other suggestions, such as meringue u tab.
 I stand by my decision to submit this. And a rang no tab.
 Which is really good. All right, we're going to have to move on to our final fact of the show.
 This is my fact, and this is under Queensland, Australian Queensland police successfully lowered
 crime rates this year by asking victims to stop reporting crimes. So this was discovered in a
 report that's been carried out, I believe, from 2011 to 2016. They noticed that the crime rates have
 gone down. They thought this is going great. But then they noticed that there were all these things
 that were leading to the fact that no crimes were being reported. Amongst them were things like they
 didn't say that something was a crime. They would say it was an unfounded thing. They would write to
 the people who had reported crimes and say, "Just want to check that you actually did want to report
 that crime. Let us know in the next seven days. If we don't hear back from you, we'll just assume
 you didn't want to report that crime." And so as a result, they lowered it by huge amount. It was,
 they discovered 22% of all the cases that were logged in the police force were using this method to
 stop it from being reported as a crime. And the reason being is they were getting mounting pressure
 from the government saying, "Your crime rates are so high. We need you to get them down." And they
 went, "Well, there's a very quick way that we can do that." But did you see the other way they
 tried to, Brisbane's in Queensland, right? Yeah. Okay, so this is another way they tried to cut down
 an anti-social behaviour. Brisbane launched that, "Don't be a dickhead campaign." Apparently,
 Queensland fortitude valley's police guy Simon Turner said, "Dickhead is a term that means your
 behaviour is unacceptable." Oh, what? "You're either a decent bloke or a dickhead." Well, this
 cast of very new lies on my school days, I must say. Yeah. And while this was happening, there was a
 Queensland banana farm worker called Lee de Pau, and he tried to impress a girl by jumping into a river
 after drinking about 10 cups of goon, which is like wine. Goon is boxed wine that comes in a,
 what looks like alien tinfoil, okay, with a little thing, and then you press it. With a box outside it.
 Yeah. But then you can, yeah, fit in your bag if you squeeze it in. That's not the important part of the
 story, guys. We all know about boxed wine. What's going goon today? What you can do is when you finish it,
 if you're very drunk, which I've done, as I'm Australian, you'll be out in a park on your own,
 and you'll be like, "I'm really tired, and I've just finished my goon." You can actually blow into the
 goon and blow it up like a pillow and then fall asleep on the, so it's a really practical drink,
 actually. You can't do that on an empty bottle, for example. And they've never thought of that,
 and they're marketing, and I think they definitely should. Very good point. Well, he could have blown it
 up and used it as like water wings or something, because he jumped into this river to impress a girl
 and was immediately mulled by a three-meter-long crocodile. I don't think water wings stop crocodiles.
 Well, he managed to fight it off, but the lady who's trying to impress Sophie Patterson said,
 "Being attacked by animals doesn't really do it for me."
 Yeah. She's a weird one. She did say, "I'd have to be quite twisted to be impressed by that."
 One of my favourite criminals of the year was he was in the balloon section,
 and he was a man who was fined this year by a court in Canada for flying up in a chair with lots
 of helium balloons attached to it. It's the real thing. He was inspired by the film "Up" and he did it
 to promote his cleaning company. Another cartoon. Another cartoon? You was trying to fly high enough to see Steve.
 And he flew up. He flew up 4,000 feet? He flew up 4 kilometers. So 4,000 meters.
 And two commercial airliners flew underneath him while he was up in his chair. He landed safely.
 He injured his ankle slightly on landing, but he was otherwise fine. And the court
 fined him. They said he had been what was it? Unconsciously stupid. Unconsciously stupid, yeah.
 But you can't agree with the court. I mean, you just read that story and you go,
 "Wouldn't absolute hero." I know I should disapprove, but my god, that's cool.
 This was my favourite crime story from the year. A used car dealership in Fort Worth and Dallas
 was being robbed so many times. Just constantly getting robbed. The police weren't able to stop it.
 That the guy who ran it, the owner, bought a guard dog. So he was like, "Great, guard dog here. Stop the
 robbers. Did not stop the robbers. Robbers came back. Rob the place again. Then as they were leaving,
 stole the guard dog with them." There was also a good, uh, similarly fitting crime. It was a news
 crew had gone to cover the problem of urban crime in Albuquerque and the, as they left their fan,
 where they had all their filming equipment and they went to film about urban crime and they came
 back and they found all their stuff and it had been stolen. And so Michelle Donaldson, who was the
 news director, said, "I have one rule that you should never be the lead story in your own news car."
 This has violated that rule. And you went on a trek on the internet to find as many bandits as
 you could, didn't you? Yeah. So you get people nicknamed the Such and Such Bandit because they robbed,
 you know, a particular kind of place. So one example is the coast-to-coast bandit who only
 robbed banks in New York and Los Angeles. Yes. And there was, what was there? There was the lunchtime
 bandit who only robbed banks between noon and 1 p.m. and the bag trick bandit who kept putting his
 hand in his pocket and pretending to have a gun. Well, he didn't have a gun. That was his clever trick.
 The spelling bee bandit. Oh, the spelling bee bandit. He would pass a note to the cashier
 in the bank saying, "This is a robbery." And this one probably doesn't need explaining, but it's
 the Texas butthole tickling bandit. He was from Texas, I think. I knew you were going to read that one.
 I liked one of my favourite criminals was in North Carolina. And so this was this year when a
 500 million dollar opium-growing operation was busted. And it was when an investigator visited someone
 on a completely unrelated matter, knocked on this guy's door. He was a farmer, knocked on his door.
 And he opened the door and said, "I guess you're here about the opium."
 Well, now. I really like this one. So when we decided that we were going to write this book,
 we started this document between us and every week we started putting in sort of our favourite headlines
 or little facts that we found. And to begin with, we didn't know if this would work as a book,
 because we'd never done it before, we'd never tried. And I saw this one fact which was sent by James,
 you put this into the document. And I thought, "Ah, this might actually work." And it was an arrest.
 And it's under in the book Arrests Coma Human. Surprisingly, we have an entry which is a
 arrest common non-human. A man in India this year was arrested for trying to create a fake ID card
 using the name Osama Bin Laden. So he thought, "This will work. I'll just put Osama Bin Laden's name on
 this." Not only that, he uploaded a blurred picture of Osama Bin Laden as the picture of his
 ID card. So the police investigated and they arrested the man. The man, it turns out, his real name
 is Saddam Hussein. Okay, that's it. That's all of our facts. Thank you so much for listening. If you
 would like to get in contact with us about the things that we've said over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter accounts. I'm on @Sriberland. James. @JamesHarkin. Andy. @AndrewHunterM.
 And Shazinsky. You can email podcast@ky.com. Yep, or you can go to our website. No such thing as a fish.com.
 We have all of our previous episodes up there. Our book is now out. It's November the 2nd.
 It's in shops. Please buy it. Thank you so much for listening at home. Everyone in the room here at
 Cheltenham. Thank you so much for being here with us tonight. We'll see you again. Goodbye.
