 We don't want that, we don't want that, guess it?
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming
 to you from the QI offices in Covenant Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I'm sitting here with Annotes at Speed, James Harkin, and Andy Murray.
 We're also joined by special guest, Rufus Hound, and once again, we have gathered around
 the microphones with our four favorite facts from the last seven days in an open-tacular
 order.
 Here we go.
 Starting with you, Mr Hound.
 Well done.
 Twice in its history, America has been run by a shepherd.
 Wow.
 Really?
 That is.
 So we got that fact through, and I have no idea what that means.
 Yes, I could.
 What does that mean?
 Twice, the resident of the White House, has also been a keeper of sheep.
 The first of them was Thomas Jefferson, who, when he lived on his plantation, had corn
 and wheat and tried to rotate them, but found that the soil was rapidly blitzed, essentially.
 And then realized that sheep were the way forward, that they fertilized the soil.
 They were super animals.
 And so when he was president, he actually bought sheep with him to the White House.
 And the ram that he was most pleased with in terms of the sheep that he thought would become
 America's sheep was a shetland ram.
 Now, in the early days of America, when we think of the White House, we're obviously thinking
 of something behind layers and layers and layers of security, but it used to be a house
 and you could walk on those grounds.
 So the sheep were in the White House grounds, in the lawn or whatever.
 But this ram was incredibly violent.
 There were official letters from William Kew, who states that he was left black and blue
 by this ram.
 And in another letter, it transpires that actually a small boy was killed by one of Jefferson's
 rooms.
 No.
 Yeah.
 Oh man.
 Very hard to imagine that happening today.
 Today with the White House.
 But that's true.
 Because I was looking into when George Washington, because obviously he was the first resident
 in the White House.
 And it was exactly like that, like people could just come and go, however they wanted.
 And he had to put a law and that stopped people just wandering in off the street to go, "Hey,
 how's it going?"
 He said that he'd be doing work and people would walk in and just going, "Hey, it's just
 passing.
 Are you going good?
 It seems to be going great."
 Bill Clinton was attacked by a sheep, wasn't he?
 Remember that?
 And we were talking about that early, weren't we?
 Yes.
 And I can't remember when.
 It was just a child and he's ever since been scared of sheep.
 Really?
 Yeah, apparently.
 He said it was the awfulest beating I ever took, but I don't know if that was before
 after the whole moniker attack.
 The other president was Woodrow Wilson, who, when he declared war on Germany in 1917, the
 ground staff, by this point, they were ground staff for the White House.
 And because it was, you know, we are one nation.
 He freed them to all join the American military and bought sheep instead because the sheep
 would nibble the grass and it would be a sort of cheap upkeep.
 I mean, they can't sculpt hedges as beautifully as some expensive White House ground staff, can
 they?
 I like, yeah, I read that they were as replacement for all of his garden staff.
 How good are they at planting, you know, a nice bed of roses?
 Yeah, but to be fair, they are definitely much worse.
 In a wall.
 Let's do it.
 A human men.
 Very hard, sheep's thighs.
 Did anyone call him Woodrow Wilson at the time?
 They should have done.
 They were known as Wilson's Woolies.
 Oh, no.
 Oh, really?
 And the ram of this flock was incredibly well known.
 He was known as...
 Is that old egg?
 Old egg.
 Yes.
 Who...
 Smoked.
 So who...
 Well, who loved tobacco?
 And anybody who dropped cigar butts in the White House grounds, he would make a bead line
 from him.
 I don't think he smoked, really.
 No, that was an exaggeration, you're right.
 He was chewing the tobacco, wasn't he?
 Yeah.
 One interesting thing about Woodrow Wilson is he had a stroke in, after the war.
 I think it was in 1919 or 1920.
 And his wife took over the de facto running of the country.
 And she was in charge when the 19th Amendment was passed, which was votes for women.
 Really?
 Yeah, she was officially the president, but she was like de facto president.
 That's amazing.
 Because of that sort of invalidates the whole votes for women thing, doesn't it?
 There wasn't even a man in jobs at the time.
 Right, we're going to have to go back and recount all the votes, very calibrate.
 Who was the president who basically died post his inauguration?
 Oh.
 Because he did an hour and forty...
 Will you have Henry Harrison?
 Yeah.
 I hadn't heard of that until I read the presidency.
 Did you know about this very first?
 Well, yes.
 He was already ill at his inauguration, but he stood outside for so long that it exacerbated the
 symptom and he can't...
 He should have had a nice woolen jumper, shouldn't he?
 Yes.
 He didn't wear a coat or a hat.
 Did he not?
 He was being...
 I don't know.
 I have no gloves.
 He was trying to show...
 Because there were all these reports that he wasn't strong enough, that he wasn't interesting
 enough, that he didn't do long enough speeches.
 I'll show them with my naked 10 hour speech and with the snow.
 I read it as well, because I've just been looking at the presidents at the White House and
 sort of interesting things that they did while they were there, so keeping sheep.
 One, and this isn't properly confirmed, but a lot of people seem to think it's true.
 Grover Cleveland used to piss out the window in the Oval Office.
 Yeah, it used to pop the window up.
 Yeah.
 It's a rumor.
 It wouldn't be good when the public were just walking through the grounds at the time.
 When you say it's a rumor...
 Why the sheep yellow?
 What's going on?
 Well, you know that you can find a bright yellow sheep in Devon.
 What?
 I mean, yes.
 This one of the things I looked up was about sheep rustling, that actually it's going through
 the roof over the last 10 years, sheep rustling, and what do they call it, rural crime, has gone
 up to something like 125 percent, and whole flocks have been going missing, but one of the
 things is if you take a flock of any kind of size, you actually need a field to put them
 in.
 You know what I mean?
 You can't just leave them in a lock-up.
 Yeah.
 So there must be farms that are basically hiding these sheep, and there's so much open green
 space, you know, where are they?
 So farmers have taken to dying their sheep, neon yellow, neon blue, neon pink.
 That way, if their flock ever goes missing, and then, you know, five hills away, whatever,
 whatever.
 I just saw a bright pink sheep in Devon.
 This was a news article in Turkey earlier this year.
 There were some Turkish shepherds who were in a field, and they...
 Turkey shepherds.
 Oh, boy.
 Wow.
 They were in a field, and the field was next to a cliff.
 And one of the sheep, there were 1,500 sheep in this field.
 And one of them was off a cliff, and all the other sheep followed.
 So all 1,500 sheep in this village climbed fell off a cliff.
 And the first 400 died, but then the next 1,100 survived because they landed on the dead bodies
 of the sheep.
 Oh, my God.
 I mean, I know that the sheep are quite fluffy, but I didn't think they were that fluffy.
 That's something if you landed at speed on the sheep.
 You could be really bad.
 You think so, wouldn't you?
 They're not like clouds, you know.
 But define fluffing.
 Like 400 of them had to die first.
 Yeah, that's true.
 Sure, if you pile 400 hedgehogs off a cliff.
 Like, the 401st one's going to basically be landing on meaty squelch.
 Meaty squelch does make it sound like a less appealing prospect than the big pull of fluff.
 Yeah, I was a bit ashamed.
 Have we ever mentioned on the podcast the idea that sheep just used to shear themselves?
 What?
 They just used to just want and then got laid down.
 They used to shear each other is what you mean.
 No, they used to shed their wool on their own.
 And we've breaded out of them because we've wanted to make it a thing where we could do it when we want.
 Well, sheep peeling is going to be a thing in the future where you kind of put a protein into the sheep
 and it makes the wool kind of detach itself.
 And then instead of shearing it, you just kind of peel it off.
 Is that like an apple and if you peel it off, can you throw it in the air?
 And whatever lesser shape it lands in, is the initial of who you're going to marry?
 Well, for try other things.
 I mean, I know, e-harmony isn't working for you.
 I've been through so many apples. It's just not working.
 Did they come, do you peel it in one big chunk or...
 Yeah, I think that's the idea, yeah.
 Well, maybe you just make a tunnel out of the scratchy side of Velcro and run the sheep on both the other end.
 Fire it through, you just can't, innit?
 What can we get that for us?
 So instead of getting your hair cut, you just inject something under your skin
 and then you just peel your whole hair off and then it saves time.
 I mean, middle aged men around the world are spending billions of pounds
 front of the exact opposite of the thing you just described.
 Yeah, that's the most redundant invention.
 It's something to make men bold, yeah, order now and get these three impotent hills.
 Okay, time for back number two and that is Harkin.
 Okay, my fact this week is that there is a village in Russia where every single person knows how to tightrope walk.
 Is it just a coincidence, like, they're in a pub one day?
 I was like, you know, I can do this really weird thing.
 Oh my god, me too.
 They can all wiggle their ears or something like that, that'd be good.
 This is a village called Sofkuladian and it's in Dagestan, so it's in the south of Russia.
 The population is about 400 and everyone knows how to tightrope walk.
 The most popular story of how it happened is that a hundred years ago,
 the young men had to go to another village to find girls and to do that,
 they had to go up and down a mountain.
 And instead of doing that, they would set up a tightrope walk and then they would do it.
 But the most common, most likely explanation is it was just bad weather in the area
 and they needed a fix to get over rivers and things like that.
 So they did it when the foot bridges would get washed away, they would use tightrope.
 But what's interesting is you say 400 people there.
 I've read the article as well and it's quite depressing because this guy is saying,
 he used to have 7,000 people there.
 Actually only the first 2,000 died.
 Yeah, he's really upset because this was the place for tightrope walking and now it's endangered.
 It's an endangered tightrope walking village and he's saying we have no funding.
 So if anyone wants to start a Kickstarter for them, they need money.
 Actually, all the villages in Russia are pretty much empty these days.
 Everybody's gone to the cities and I think there's like, I don't know,
 hundreds of thousands of villages with fewer than the dozen people in them know.
 In Russia.
 I have a fact on that, which is that there are 23 villages in the Krasnoyarsk region with only men in them.
 Really?
 Yeah, and the article about this from a Russian website says that several have only one resident,
 which I don't know if that makes it a village or not.
 I think that's almost been demoted to a hamlet by that point.
 Just a house, isn't it?
 Weirdly, in all of those villages, top gear.
 Absolutely correct.
 But the opposite of that, you said that's a town full of men, right?
 There's a town of only ladies in Brazil could noiva de Cordereo, I can't say it properly.
 But it's about 600 women in this town.
 And the reason it's only women is that the men go away during the weekdays and they work
 and they only come back on the weekends.
 And as soon as you hit 18 as a boy and you become a man, you have to leave the village.
 So it's an entire town full of ladies.
 And it's been advertised as like single ladies looking.
 So he's suggesting we maybe build a tightrope between Andes all male village and your female village.
 Yeah, that's a long walk.
 You've really earned your woman at the end of the day.
 I mean, it's a long way, but it is a straight line.
 This is just a village fact.
 There's this little village in Kazakhstan called Kalachi, where this sickness has just like afflicted the quarter of the population,
 which is a sleeping sickness, where people keep inexplicably falling into brief comers.
 So people keep on just falling asleep.
 They have complete memory loss.
 They're left with kind of dizziness, nausea, headaches.
 And no one knows what it is.
 They just keep asking how it's narrow uranium plants.
 So people are like, "What about that?" But apart from that, it's completely normal little village.
 No explanation for these very sleepy people and these very bright yellow sheep.
 I was looking into, because I love that idea of everyone in the village does a thing.
 So I started looking into villages and towns where everyone does that one thing.
 And I found a couple.
 So one is that, this is quite nice. There's a town in Spain, which is there's only 318 residents, and they've all been scanned as 3D models.
 Every resident is a 3D toy now.
 And you can go and look at the town of all the people living there just as 3D models, which is quite cool.
 There's a really good one, which was in Jakarta, an entire town.
 Basically, the police took and decided to burn 3.3 tons of marijuana, because they were like, "We're going to be taking this away."
 They got an entire village high, the wind blew the smoke.
 And so this entire village would just off their heads for ages.
 Have you seen that video of the BBC reporter trying to do the link mix of the pile of burning heroin?
 Wow!
 I'm in Google it now. Pause this podcast and go look at it.
 He literally cannot hold it together past the first four words.
 I think the exceptional reporting is so good.
 Some stuff on tightrope.
 Yes, yeah.
 Why not?
 In 5th century France, the tightrope walkers were forbidden to go near churches for some reason.
 Was it in case they set up a line?
 Because some people did go from Notre Dame's to towers between them.
 That was a big thing in France.
 No, it was mostly like the church used to look down on actors as well.
 You can't look down on a tightrope walker.
 Well, they're doing it wrong.
 But the thing is that all the fares were held near churches, and the fares were the places where the tightrope walkers did their thing.
 So basically, it was a ban on all of tightrope walking in the 5th century France.
 Didn't work. Did it? We've still got it today. Yes.
 Does anyone else find it really surprising that it was only...
 Was it last year or the year before that someone walked on a tightrope across the Grand Canyon?
 It seemed like the most obvious thing you'd do.
 Oh, yeah.
 And then Knicksick or London was the fares.
 It's so obvious.
 It's so obvious.
 I like the fact that they had to put a 10-second delay that was shown live,
 except that there was a 10-second delay on the footage wasn't there.
 In case it felt.
 In case something happened. So I mean, I don't know what they would have done.
 I guess they just black out the programme and go, "Well, that's done."
 Up to the next.
 So Nick Wellender is a very, very famous tightrope walker.
 But you know he's from a family dating back generations of tightrope walkers.
 So the Wellender's Carl Wellender was one of the most famous, but he was going in the 1920s.
 And he set up the...
 One of the hardest things to do is a human pyramid on a tightrope, unsurprisingly.
 So you have two walkers on a rope, one in front of the other.
 They have a bar on their shoulders, and you have a third walker on the bar.
 Wow.
 It gets even better.
 The Wellender family did a seven-person pyramid.
 Right? So you have four men at the bottom going in pairs.
 There are two lines. So you've got a square.
 They both have a bar on each of them.
 And there are two men on the next level up on each of those bars.
 Those two men have a chair between them on their shoulders, and a woman is standing on the chair or sitting on the chair.
 Right.
 And they did this for decades without incident.
 And then in 1962, they did have an accident, and two of them fell and died, and one of them fell and was paralyzed.
 And the other four managed to cling onto the rope.
 Of the Wellenders?
 Yeah, of the Wellenders.
 They lost two Wellenders.
 Yeah, they were a family.
 Yeah, they did that.
 What I like about tightrope is how basically they just make it as difficult as possible.
 And then in this human pyramid or going over a line cage, it's just like it's not enough that you're walking from one place to another.
 You have to do something done.
 On the Lions.
 Oh, yeah.
 Blondon, who was one of the great tightrope walkers ever, he once did a tightrope walk with a lion cub in a wheelbarrow.
 So he combined the lion and the tightrope.
 Wow.
 But that was very dangerous, and he very nearly fell and died, because it was, line cubs are not light.
 Yeah.
 And there are wheelbarrows, and it, obviously the line, you know, will bend a bit or it'll dip in the middle because you've got a wheelbarrow and a line.
 What you want to have is a wheelbarrow with two giraffes in it, with the next sticking out either way.
 Okay, I found someone called William Leonard Hunt, who performed under the state name, The Great Farini.
 One of his best ever tricks, this was in 1860, was crossing Niagara Falls with a washing machine tied to his back.
 And I don't know what that would have looked like, because in 1860 they didn't have modern washing machine.
 It wouldn't have been a massive one, like we have, but in the middle he stopped to wash several handkerchiefs.
 And then when he got to the other side, he gave them to, you know, his admirers.
 I don't know, it feels like washing machines would have been bigger in those days.
 Like those massive ones, which you open at the top and you shovel your stuff.
 Yeah.
 Like, hang on.
 Surely it was just like a bucket to the mangoes.
 I think your idea of what these wash machines are doing is like, they're only one step up from the Flintstones.
 It's herodactyl with a mouthful of soap.
 Is this the same guy, or is it Blondon, who did the type of walk over Niagara, where?
 That was Blondon.
 Is it Blondon?
 So he went over with his son, strapped to him at one point, within manager, giving his manager a piggyback.
 I wrote a report where they said that they didn't like the safety side of that, because someone else could get hurt.
 So could he instead cook an omelette when he goes out on the stove?
 It needs to be.
 Which he did, yeah.
 But how did he cook it?
 How did he make that suggestion?
 He had a little stove.
 He had a miniature stove, and he had a pan.
 And to be fair, he didn't just fry an egg or something.
 He went omelette.
 Oh, I can't stop.
 Yeah.
 Chopped a few china chives, yeah.
 Oh, needs cumin, had to go back.
 Yeah, so it's only a little stove.
 It's not like an hour ago.
 He was carrying on his back.
 No, it took a full kitchen.
 So Nick Wollenders says he refuses to use safety nets.
 He never has done.
 He's had to once, because he had to buy lots when he was going over Niagara Falls, I think.
 And he says, my great-grandfather taught that safety nets offer a full sense of security.
 So I never used them.
 I mean, how full is that sense of security?
 I don't see.
 Are they just an illusion of safety nets?
 Well, no, but I met Philip Petit once years ago.
 Philip Petit was the guy who walked the twin towers.
 Oh, wow.
 If you've seen, yeah, man on wire, that documentary.
 And so he came, the QI used to have a building in Oxford, and he came and did a book signing there.
 So he arrived.
 Do you know what?
 He starts all of his features on the top of the ladder.
 So he came and he was like, do you have a ladder?
 So we got him a ladder.
 And so as everyone came in, he was just perched at the top of the ladder.
 And someone asked him in the Q&A section, at any point when you were walking between the twin towers,
 did you think, oh my god, I'm going to fall?
 And he got furious at them.
 He said he doesn't acknowledge the idea of falling.
 He said that just, you would never do it if that was even thought to be a possibility.
 And then he said, and if I did fall, I would fly.
 I thought, hmm.
 Okay.
 There's a pin-line between confidence and mental instability.
 Time for fact, number three, and that is Chazinsky.
 My fight is that in Britain, pedestrians step to the right to avoid each other.
 And in Japan, they step to the left.
 And nobody knows why.
 It's just weird.
 So it's totally, yeah.
 So it actually is like every country has pedestrians tend to have a strong preference for stepping to a certain side when they're about to walk into another pedestrian.
 But it bears no relation to what side of the road they drive on or what side of the road you're supposed to walk on.
 Because in Japan, the drive on the left as well.
 So you would expect it to be the same way.
 Yeah.
 So you can get really obsessed, as I did, with pedestrian behaviour.
 And I really do recommend reading the thousands of reports that have been put out, mainly by the two same guys.
 So for instance, we act differently if we are going to collide with someone on a staircase.
 So when we're walking along a pavement, we tend to only put into action avoidance behaviour when we're about a metre away.
 But if people meet on a staircase, they do it right at the start of the staircase.
 So you see someone right at the bottom and you decide there.
 Okay, I'm going to step to the right now to avoid them.
 So Richard Wiseman did a study about how quickly people walk in cities.
 And he asked people to send him data and whatever. And he found that the fastest city in the world for people walking 20 yards is Singapore.
 And they, on average, walk at 10 seconds, 10.55 seconds to walk 20 yards.
 Copenhagen was next. London was about halfway down.
 It takes about 12.17 seconds to walk 20 yards.
 And everyone's between about 10 and 17 seconds, apart from one place called Blantire in Malawi.
 I've been there.
 Have you?
 I walk at 31.6 seconds per 20 yards, which is more than twice as much as anyone else.
 Oh my god.
 It's just like really like very pedestrian.
 Did you notice that?
 Did you notice that?
 So I went on Wikipedia to see what reason there could be behind that.
 And it says the most conspicuous and dominant physical feature of the city is a numerous hills.
 So it could be that.
 Oh, yeah.
 They're walking up.
 So surely that would average out.
 Just with things going right and left.
 I read a thing and actually, Rufus, you might know more about this because you've done a lot of stage acting.
 Villains exit stage left.
 Yes.
 Is that a true thing?
 It's in Pantamine.
 Okay.
 More than in sort of all theatre.
 But yeah, obviously the Latin for left was sinister.
 And so that's where we get things on the left being sinister.
 Oh really?
 Yeah, all Pantamine Villains exit stage left and the goodies exit stage right.
 Or enter and exit stage left and right.
 So is that how you spot the villain in a pantomime?
 Because I've never been quite sure.
 They're very subtle about that.
 Yeah, it's fine by that.
 Those are the clues you're looking for.
 You're always leaving pantomimes going.
 I liked it.
 I thought it was very powerful and ambiguous.
 But yeah, so I read that even Hershey with Tintin, he used to do that as well.
 If you would face a certain way, so you would face right if you were progressing as a character.
 And then you would face left if things were suddenly going against you.
 Yeah.
 Didn't we do something about cowboy films?
 Yeah, we did.
 That the good guys go from left to right, I think, on the screen.
 And really, this is in really early cowboy films, which is mostly, you know, it's...
 Yeah.
 And also usually the bad guy dresses in black, I think, and the bad guy dresses in white.
 That would have been a technical thing, wouldn't it?
 And like a cultural thing that in black and white.
 Have you seen the old makeup that film actresses used to wear in black and white movies?
 Oh, I think so.
 So they had like green paint on their faces.
 And then the lips were like bright blue.
 Because the way it registered on old chromatic black and white film was that it looked most likely to be red and...
 And things were registered in that way.
 That must have been so hard to act.
 Is that why they're all a little bit less believable in black and white films?
 As long as Olivia is looking at someone like fluorescent face.
 Wow.
 Darling, I love you very much.
 You look ridiculous.
 I read horses, apparently, are better at running if you have a race horse.
 It depends over the distance.
 There is an annual man-v-horse race.
 In Wales, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 And we kill it over the ten-yard dash.
 We kill it, well then, obviously we win.
 The way that that works is it's over.
 It's round lots of tight corners, isn't it?
 So the horse struggles to get round those.
 And there are bits of up and down.
 It's done in a way that makes it almost equal between human and horse.
 It's quite exciting.
 So is it always been a human win?
 No, the human win.
 For the first time quite about four or five years ago.
 I think it's generally the horse that wins.
 Yeah.
 But yeah, apparently if they go one way around a racetrack, is an advantage to most horses.
 If you suddenly sent them around the other way.
 Oh, really?
 Because yeah, there's something about being right foot to being.
 Of course, it's a right foot to be.
 You learn like anyone knows if you've ridden that you, when you go into a canter,
 you have to get it on its right leg.
 So you have to, when you're trotting and you go into a canter,
 you have to sit down at the right moment.
 Otherwise, you're on its wrong leg because they're right most of the right footed.
 And you can tell it feels wrong if you sit down at the wrong time.
 You can feel that it's really awkward.
 Very weirdly looking into pedestrian behaviour for this,
 I found an article on the Chicago Tribune website which said,
 "In Britain simply stepping off a curb means pedestrians walk a tightrope."
 Not very interesting, but true.
 Good link.
 Well, if we're doing sort of pavement style behaviour,
 do you know why French actors say "melt" to each other?
 No.
 So we say "break a leg."
 Do you know what "break a leg" means?
 No.
 So the levers that lift the front curtain up and down,
 they're actually called legs.
 And so if you've got lots and lots of standing ovations
 and the curtain had to come up and down on them,
 you would break a leg.
 So when actors wish each other "break a leg" that's where that comes from.
 But French actors say "melt" because if your run was going to be incredibly long,
 if the play was going to be a huge success,
 then you would have lots of people coming into the theatre.
 And before there were pavements, the reason that we have pavements
 was that the horses would go in the road and that's where all the poo would go.
 And the pedestrians could walk on the pavement.
 And that was a raised thing to send us off from the poo.
 But before that, you were just trampling in poo all the time.
 So if your play ran for a long time,
 people would be treading poo into the theatre.
 So French actors wish each other "melt" meaning dragging a lot of...
 I hope the theatre is full of shit.
 It's so great.
 Who came up with, like, they must have had an actor's meeting
 the last thing about three hours going,
 well, the processes and the horses are outside for ages,
 and so they poo and then we'll...
 Probably I doubt there was a meeting.
 There wasn't a meeting.
 Someone in Cabernet said, "Okay, there's news from England.
 They've got this new breaker leg thing.
 We need to get on to this now."
 So they did experiments on, again, on pedestrians
 and seeing what distracts people.
 And they gathered up test walkers, as they called them,
 into a virtual street crossing simulator,
 which I really like.
 And they pumped in the noise of traffic through speakers.
 And they measured how well these people crossed a virtual road
 while having a phone conversation.
 Because obviously you don't want to test it in the real world
 with actual traffic, so fair enough.
 But it was a real phone call, so they were speaking to one of the scientists.
 And they did look both ways when they were crossing this virtual road.
 But they still were walking much more dangerously,
 so they had less time to spare.
 They missed more chances to cross safely
 and they had more close calls.
 And I love this.
 Some even got hit by a virtual car.
 We're just kind of the best car to be hit by, but still.
 And it basically, they compared it with doing other things.
 So listening to music seems to distract people much less,
 maybe because it's a song you know, I don't know,
 or maybe just because you don't know what the other person will say.
 But also, it's as distracting to talk on your mobile phone
 as it is to do complicated mental arithmetic
 while you're crossing the road.
 Right.
 They have the same effect on your cognitive ability.
 But this is why they banned being on the phone while you're driving,
 like holding the phone to your ear, things like that, wasn't it?
 Because largely it seems that your brain processes language,
 like the way in which your brain processes language interferes
 with your other processes in a way that listen to music doesn't.
 Which is why, if you're studying,
 but you want music on at the same time,
 you should listen to classical musical dance music
 without a vocal, because the moment there's a vocal,
 your brain processes get infused.
 In Chongqing, in China, they've now got a cell phone lane on pavements
 so that people who are using their phones go in that lane.
 So I guess at least they just bump into each other.
 Wow.
 Some theatres in Broadway now have a cell phone section of seating
 so that you can tweak and look at Facebook while the show is on.
 That makes so much sense.
 No, it doesn't.
 No, it does not.
 Wow, I mean, it's a borne, if you're a sort of pure theatre,
 go about that stage, yeah.
 But actually, there are some suggestions that producers are quite keen on this
 because people do spend time, it turns out, tweeting about how much they're enjoying the show
 and it's bars and things like that.
 So they've got roped off sort of sections that, you know.
 I'm into this.
 I'm very into it.
 I don't want to sound I'll kick and with Andy on this, but that's that.
 That is disgusting.
 The last thing anybody would want me with Andy on there.
 Okay, time for our final fact of the show and that is Andrew Hunter Murray.
 My fact is that half of all California condors were raised by glove puppets.
 So condors are massive birds and it's sort of 10 feet wingspanes
 and they evolved millions and millions of years ago.
 They're fantastic things.
 They can fly 100 miles a day looking for food, but they were not very well suited to the 20th century.
 They were shot a lot and they would fly into power lines and things like that.
 And in 1987, there were just 22 left of these birds.
 And they were all taken into captivity.
 They were rounded up because they just weren't safe.
 They couldn't be guaranteed that they'd survive.
 And they were bred in zoos and they were bred by puppets.
 So why?
 Well, the good thing about condors is that when they lay an egg, if you take the egg away,
 they assume that the egg has smashed on the ground or that it's not survived somehow.
 And so they will be able to lay another one within that breeding season.
 And if you do that again, they'll lay another one the next breeding season quite quickly.
 So basically you can quadruple the number of eggs that they lay.
 They'll really twist them off in the process.
 They will annoy them, but three eggs that humans can raise and you'll have the fourth egg which the condor parents can raise.
 So that's what they did.
 They took the three eggs, they incubated them.
 And when they were born, they made leather glove puppets.
 And you have to look them up, the pictures are incredible.
 I'll put them on my Twitter.
 And it's really weird seeing them interacting with also puppet-looking baby condors.
 Which don't they look really rubbery and strange and odd.
 And they drowned out the noise by playing the sounds of rivers and streams.
 And they poked the puppets through a one-way screen.
 So you couldn't see the human behind.
 One of the people who cares for them, this guy, I think, a quote from a guy called Ron Webb,
 who's a senior condor keeper, explained that he raises these baby condors with the help of a condor hand puppet.
 And then he goes on to say, "The puppet is like a fancy glove."
 Who ever needs an explanation for what hand puppet is.
 I love a good one.
 It is a fancy glove, isn't it?
 It's not like I go to the ball wearing this.
 Well, Contessa, your city is looking especially delightful this evening.
 Hey, speaking of city, I looked into city because I was just going into the glove puppet territory.
 Do you know how city came about?
 Does anyone know the origin story?
 It was a hit bitten by a radio actor.
 Wasn't it a gift?
 No, so a reality show on the BBC called BBC's Talent Night.
 Effectively, Britain's got talent back in the 1950s.
 And on that show stood a man with the city puppet.
 And he just, I don't even know what he did.
 When that have been Harry Corbett.
 Harry Corbett, yeah.
 So Harry Corbett went on, he had Sutty.
 That's what made it through the heat.
 Yeah, he made it to the final.
 Sutty is a reality TV star.
 He's effectively the Susan Boyle of his time.
 He's a, like, he's a...
 He got voted.
 That was his actor with Sutty singing.
 I dreamed a dream.
 Yeah.
 But into Harry Corbett's here.
 I've met Matthew Corbett.
 Matthew Corbett's son worked on QI.
 Yeah, thank Corbett.
 Thank Corbett worked on QI.
 He's our sound technician, QI.
 Yeah.
 Ironically, given his family trade.
 He was involved in helping to amplify people.
 Well, that's arguably what the apparently...
 Yes.
 What's that you say, Sutty?
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 So it's just carrying...
 Oh, that's...
 I like that.
 And he listens, by the way.
 Oh, hello, Ben.
 Hey, Ben.
 They're away.
 That's so cool.
 So Condos.
 So the thing is all the...
 All the condos which have been raised by these puppets.
 They started behaving really weirdly.
 So instead of staying in the wild and doing condos stuff.
 They started posing for photos with...
 I mean, not posing, but, you know...
 They started completely being in photos with people.
 They started attacking hikers shoelaces.
 And they also started experimenting with group sex.
 Which is not normal condo behavior, I believe.
 Hey, who are you to judge?
 Oh, yeah.
 Normal.
 Sure.
 She's got only herself around that.
 So the theory was because they hadn't been raised by wild birds.
 That they didn't have proper role models for how to behave like a condo.
 But the puppets...
 The cranes, because they've also done it with cranes.
 And when they did the puppet reading with cranes.
 The puppet read cranes would often abandon their eggs days before they were due to hatch.
 But really, really not long before.
 So they just didn't have any idea of how to bring up...
 A check, the same way.
 So to fix this situation, the humans had to start behaving like condos with these glove puppets.
 So that's when they showed them the screens.
 But also they would sort of...
 They would...
 This isn't nice, but they had to sort of hit the child condos a bit, the checks.
 When they miss behave.
 That must be the weirdest thing slapping a condor.
 And being paid, being paid to do that.
 Because that's not a voluntary job, you know.
 Can I explain a rabbit hole that I went down looking at the...
 Yes, of course.
 ...was that the California condor went extinct in the world in 1987.
 So I was like, oh, let's see what else went extinct in 1987.
 Oh, cool.
 And that led me to discover that there's this thing called de-extinction,
 which is the attempt to bring back...
 That Jurassic Park.
 Like Jurassic Park, essentially, to bring back extinct species.
 And this year was the fifth generation of the Quagga.
 And the Quagga is a specifically patterned zebra, which had gone extinct.
 And Quagga became a slang term just to mean all zebras.
 So the last Quagga, that genuine Quagga, died in 1883 in a zoo.
 But nobody realised she was the last of her kind.
 And then it was realised that it wasn't a specific species,
 as much as a subspecies.
 So you could selectively breed plain zebras to have the same markings and elements as a Quagga.
 And they've done that successfully.
 And now the fifth generation of Quagga has been reborn.
 And then I found a list of likely candidates for de-extinction.
 So there's the Carolina parakeet, the passenger pigeon, which is the most common pigeon in America.
 And was largely just like if they saw one they'd shoot it for a love.
 That went the woolly mammoth.
 I think we've all been expecting that for a while now.
 And the thing that I had no idea even ever existed,
 when extinct 10,000 years ago, the woolly rhino.
 Oh, that sounds really cool.
 Doesn't it?
 Yeah.
 Should have found those.
 Oh, yeah.
 Just heal a rhino.
 Yeah.
 It would have been very hot, though, wouldn't it?
 It would have been hot.
 Is that what made it extinct?
 It's just too hot.
 What's the use?
 So one thing about surrogates is for giant pandas, they sometimes use rabbits.
 So they'll put the giant panda clone eggs inside a rabbit.
 Oh, really?
 So the rabbit could give birth to a panda and they're like, oh my god.
 That's going to be one braggie rabbit mom at the school gates, isn't it?
 And also--
 That's my boy.
 I'm not a rabbit.
 Because they look-- they're tiny and gross at first, aren't they?
 So it'll give birth at first, and it's like a two-millimeter tall lump of skin
 and the other rabbits are going to take the piss.
 It's like a new version of the ugly--
 The ugly duckling.
 Yeah.
 The giant panda.
 Yeah.
 Speaking of--
 It once was a hideous rabbit.
 Yeah.
 With ears, all stubby and short.
 And all the other bunnies and so many words said,
 bloody hell, you're wearing a lot of bamboo.
 Oh my god.
 Just back to condors very quickly.
 They don't eat for days because they fly and they obviously go for huge meals.
 So they'll look for the carcass of a deer or whatever.
 And when they do eat, sometimes they go overboard on it, eat too much
 that they can't actually take off again.
 Yeah.
 So that's true?
 That's how they used to catch them in like South America and stuff.
 They would put like a dead horse or something on the ground or a dead animal.
 And then the condors would come down and they'd eat so much that they couldn't eat anymore.
 And then they won't be able to fly because they were so happy.
 And then you just sort of run after them and rather than the noose and then pull them off.
 And often, like they try and fly and they throw up because they were so exhausted and so full.
 Is that an evolutionary response?
 Because the reason that we want to we when we get nervous is supposedly because there's a--
 I think a reptile, you know, so the evolution of the brain is that we start off with a very simple brain
 and then we get a bit of the brain that becomes like reptilian and then it becomes mammalian.
 And it's basically layer on layer.
 And the reason we want to we when we get nervous is you want to make yourself as light as possible
 so that when you start to run away, you can get further.
 I would think that would probably be the time of the condol, wouldn't it?
 That you throw up because you want to then you'd be lighter and then you could arguably get away.
 Oh, there's some animals that throw up so that something chasing them will eat whatever they've thrown up instead of eating them.
 Diversionary vomit.
 So when eating corpses, condos always start with that eyes and tongue which is their favourite part.
 You don't know that, it might be their least favourite part and they're just getting it over with.
 That's so true.
 You eat your eyes and tongue young lady.
 Oh, come on, it's just in the heart.
 There is a reddit thread.
 Do you prefer sex with or without a condor, which is a typo?
 That's the best typo.
 Did anyone reply?
 Lots of people have replied.
 Yeah, but with.
 Love it.
 Okay, that's it.
 That's all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we've said over the course of this podcast,
 we can all be got on Twitter.
 I'm on @Streiberland.
 James.
 At Take Shaped.
 Andy.
 At Andrew Hunter M.
 Rufus.
 I'm @AlaJuzinsky.
 I've just always wanted her to say that.
 I was into every episode.
 No, I've got email.
 It's like, come on.
 Join the Twitter.
 Just for the neatness of this wrapper.
 Yeah.
 It's not allowed.
 It's in my contract.
 It's a thing now.
 Yeah.
 In which case, you could probably find me at Rufus.
 Yep.
 And Juzinsky.
 You can email podcast@QI.com.
 And we'll be back again next week with another episode of No Such Things and Fish.
 See you then.
 Good bye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
