 [saxophone playing]
 Hello and welcome to another episode of "No Such Thing as a Fish"
 a weekly podcast coming to you from the QI offices in Hobern.
 My name is Dan Shriver, I am sitting here with Anna Toshinsky,
 James Harkin, and Andrew Hunter Murray.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts
 from the last seven days, and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, and that is Andy.
 My fact is, half of China watches TV dramas that are one minute long.
 These are things called micro dramas, and I hadn't really heard about them
 until I read an article saying they're all going out of business.
 So I feel like these have arrived, and they're now leaving.
 Right, it's taken me to notice them.
 It's really weird to research something you've never heard of,
 and then just see that they're one of the most ubiquitous things
 in the world. Tell me. What else we're missing?
 It's like there might be new large mammals that I have never heard of before,
 like huge mammals. You know what it means?
 Yes. In fact, for all of us, there will be a largest animal
 that we've never heard of, right?
 It won't be the same. Never heard of.
 No, like there are millions of animals, right?
 So there will be a largest part that you don't know.
 There's quite a lot of like, quite weird bovine's
 and deer that live in various parts of the world
 that you won't have heard of.
 Yeah, they won't be exciting.
 There's not going to be a big cat.
 That's just bigger than a lion that actually turns out.
 I found out about it kind of a Mexican dog the other day.
 Chihuahua. No.
 But that's it.
 But if anyone could be bigger than Chihuahua.
 But that's easy because they're not in the news all the time.
 I'm surprised if you think pop stars,
 I ain't heard of Macklemore who's in the news right now.
 Really? I just hadn't heard of him.
 I just don't listen to radio at the moment, you know?
 Well, he was on the radio at least 10 years ago.
 Probably more like 15 years ago when he's quite okay that.
 Yeah, yeah, never heard of him either.
 But as you know, that's no sign of anything.
 We're not saying the Macklemore's the largest animal.
 You've never heard of him.
 He's like a guy when he wears that big coat
 that he's enormous.
 He looks like a bit of charismatic megafauna actually.
 He looks like a yak.
 Yeah, he does.
 Here the Macklemore.
 What?
 It's through the tundra.
 Yaklemore more like.
 He's definitely bigger than the Mackle less.
 Lovely.
 So micro travelers.
 These are... Yeah, I can't believe we never heard of them.
 It makes me feel like we might be out of touch
 and every listener will be going, "Wow, I watched this all the time."
 Well, we're not in China. That's the thing.
 So they're big in China, Southeast Asia, Japan.
 They're not as big in the West.
 They've been tried over here a couple of times,
 but they haven't made a huge breakthrough yet.
 And basically,
 they're dramas where there might be 50 or 100 episodes in a series.
 But they're only one or two minutes long.
 They're tiny.
 And the business model is...
 Get people watching on their phones.
 Film 100 episodes.
 There's a cliffhanger every 60 seconds.
 So the plots are...
 Like, the plots are quite out there.
 Yeah.
 And you get the first 5 or 10 for free.
 And then they start walloping you.
 But you have to know by that point.
 You have to find out how it's going to end.
 It might be the most expensive way of consuming
 incredibly often low quality...
 No.
 Yeah.
 No, don't say that.
 Melodrama.
 Don't say low quality.
 And I've watched a bunch of these.
 And I think they are fine art.
 They're absolutely hilarious.
 And it does make you wonder if this is the downfall of humanity doing this.
 I don't know if you guys watched.
 I watched a few of the Chinese ones,
 which I've subtitled, which are very amusing.
 And then the Guardian didn't article about them.
 Of course, a few years ago.
 And it name checks, loving my brother's best friend.
 As one of the English language ones that was hoping to make it big.
 So, did any of you guys watch that?
 No, of course not.
 This one is meant to be like,
 this is going to be a proper drama
 that people in the West are going to enjoy.
 The two characters in it are naked within the first minute.
 Which is after 59 seconds, I reckon.
 Yeah, yes, surely.
 Or just at 59 seconds, they start to take off their tops.
 And it's like that.
 Yeah, we said about how much it costs.
 I think this was in the economist, but it might have been the Guardian,
 but they said that you'll basically pay more
 to watch Tricton to having my ex-husband's baby
 than you would pay to watch, you know, the Odyssey and I max.
 By the end of it,
 once you've added up all the different amounts, which is...
 It's very clever, the micropayment thing.
 Well, in 2024, they worked out that it generated $6.9 billion American dollars, right?
 And in America, it was $8.7 billion for the cinema box office.
 So it was encroaching on that.
 It was a big business.
 And they trick you, don't they?
 When you go on these apps, you buy credits.
 But you don't buy it each time.
 You buy like 100,000 credits for 500 quid or whatever it is.
 And then it says, "Do you want the next one for 724 credits?"
 So you got no idea what you're supposed to do?
 And then suddenly, all your credits have gone
 and they still haven't got their tops off.
 Wait, it's the longest one I've found.
 You guys might have found a longer one this.
 This one is on Pocket FM.
 Just to give the boys and girls that Pocket FM a bit of a shout out.
 It's called My Vampire System.
 I think it's one's audio only, but it is 4,192 episodes long.
 Wow.
 If you do all the, I think there are some side quests
 and extra bits and all of that.
 Yeah, but I mean, how many episodes have we had?
 And our episodes are an hour long.
 If you add all of the side quests.
 That's true.
 We've gone a much longer than them.
 Yes, we have 12 people, 20 people, per episode of Fish.
 But because you might pay several hundred dollars
 just to listen to the whole of My Vampire System.
 But do you really think that people are going to pay like 50p
 when Andy says, "Hey guys, I've got a great idea for a new cop driver."
 And that's our ClickFanger.
 Do you reckon people are going to click on that?
 The thing is, you pay to skip.
 Sorry, I didn't mean to say, "Yeah, show us free,
 but you can pay to the end of this part."
 No, that is a good business model, yeah.
 So your interjections are the equivalent of adverts
 or anything else?
 Yeah, they're adverts for things that exist.
 People will say, "Oh, do you skip the Andes?"
 Do you know, I actually quite enjoy the Andes sometimes.
 That's what people said to me when I visit South America.
 There are big Western actors,
 because this is massive in Asia.
 But as you said, Andy, it sort of did make its way over.
 There's one guy called Joseph Purcell.
 He was in movies called The Bad Boy Once Me, Club of Desire,
 Falling From My Bodyguard.
 He's big online, but you may not have heard of him.
 He's Miley Cyrus' step brother.
 Oh. He's super famous,
 but he's not really done any major TV or anything but online.
 Is Billy Ray Cyrus' father?
 No, no, he's not.
 What do we mean super famous?
 Well, I think, okay, if you...
 Brighton, if you haven't heard of him.
 What if... Okay, yeah, it's hard.
 I think in Thanos, like, the way that the world is now,
 is people can be very, very, very famous in a sub-genre,
 like for its podcasters.
 And you walk down the street and no one has any idea who you are,
 but then a lot of people do know who you are,
 but they're all spread around the world.
 Yeah, pop music.
 If Macklemore came in right now,
 I would, honestly, would be like,
 "I'm sorry, so we're recording."
 How did you get into the building?
 To be fair, everyone working here is what
 your government does, and they would all know who Macklemore was.
 Absolutely.
 That's why he's here. He's been invited by that.
 Can I give you a few of my fave titles?
 Oh, yeah.
 Because these are, I mean, they're good.
 I actually had a flash marriage with an abstinent male god.
 What a flash marriage.
 Is it where loads of people turn up to the marriage at once?
 That's it.
 Yes.
 You end up married to 250 people.
 My blind husband is a billionaire.
 Okay.
 Okay, that's very enough.
 But I think you're doing what's that title trying to get you in
 with.
 I think there are a lot of secret billionaires in these things.
 Yeah, there are.
 Um, Ms. CEO's baby daddy is the merchant of death.
 Oh, we could thought you were going to say,
 "Version and fed is, that would be good."
 That's a great idea.
 Shylocks complicated domestic arrangements.
 What is the deal with the titles?
 It is like they're just owning the fact that they're shit.
 Like, I went, "Go on real short."
 That's an English language one where you can watch them if you want,
 "Spoiled by my four sea monster husbands."
 I think that's good.
 I think the, um, the, the draw of it is not dissimilar to
 Milzen Boone and also there was a big publishing boom a while ago.
 And when I say big, it made people very rich.
 Do you remember Bigfoot's bitch and, uh, all those through you?
 Yeah, but all those weird monster erotica.
 They got massive online.
 It's just this quick hit of romance and in Milzen Boone,
 they kept saying you had to change it from millionaire to billionaire.
 And now that it's trillionaire within Milzen Boone,
 yeah, you just want a richer and richer man.
 The fact that there's only been one trillionaire in world history.
 Yeah. And thankfully, it's time recording.
 He's no longer a trillionaire.
 But when you say I met my trillionaire husband, surely he can sue.
 Yeah. The only trillionaire in history.
 Because he knows it must be referring to him.
 He writes the books.
 How does he know he became a trillionaire?
 That's how he's rich.
 Hello.
 And so the big story in micro dramas now is they're all going out of business.
 Oh, no, they're not going out of business,
 but AI is taking over.
 Yeah.
 Everyone's being fired.
 Everyone's being fired.
 Apart from the card pullers and the card pullers,
 they use prompts and they keep putting prompts into AI.
 And then they get a scene.
 And then they go, is this going to fit in one of our stories?
 If not, they get rid of it and put another prompt in.
 And they keep doing that until they get a prompt
 that they think is good enough to fit into the narrative.
 Right.
 I didn't know the sea monster husband.
 That's what I told you, yeah.
 Wow.
 And then the problem is now that AI is able to do their job.
 So they're being kicked out as well.
 These card pushers are not the option to shove anyway.
 So not only is this thing we haven't heard of,
 it's also been taken over by AI.
 And also the people who've been taken over
 have been taken over by AI themselves.
 Yeah.
 And that vertical drama vein of AI is insane,
 because not only is it all just generated on its own,
 but there's versions where you tell the prompt
 where you want the story to go next.
 And it generates in front of you.
 So you are the director.
 And there's even ones where I've read you can put
 your own face onto the lead character
 and be the hero of this AI adventure.
 Oh, you have to be the hero.
 Like, if you have a very low self esteem,
 you might accidentally make yourself like the fifth sea monster.
 Oh, yeah.
 The rejected sea monster.
 That's a good, I'm sorry, that's a good spin off on that.
 Rejected truly in a sea monster is my boss.
 It's back on AI for one sec.
 This is obviously taking over all industries in various different ways.
 And did anyone see the TV show that went out on channel four
 as part of dispatches?
 So this is their major investigation arm of channel four.
 And they released a show last year called Will AI Take My Job?
 And went around to all various different industries
 and showed how it was hit.
 So it was the media, but it was also music, fashion,
 law, supermarkets.
 And it was a pretty amazing documentary.
 It got really well received.
 The ending of it ends with the presenter going,
 AI is going to touch everyone's lives in the next three years.
 Cool center workers, customer service agents, maybe even TV presenters,
 like me, because I'm not real.
 In a British TV first, I am an AI presenter.
 And the entire show was presented by AI.
 Wow.
 And you don't get that reveal right to the end.
 Just to show you how scary and far it has come.
 Well, could you tell when the presenter was walking out?
 Did they have all the fingers?
 Yeah, I don't know, actually.
 I didn't think they were leaving closing.
 She was called Aisha, AI Sha.
 So they were seeding little things in there.
 I got to say, and this just goes to show how AI just doesn't have
 that creative thing.
 Saw that ending coming as soon as you started the anecdote.
 That's how Dan tells you.
 Dan telling you right.
 Because they're the other way.
 Did anyone?
 I am AI Anna.
 That does not surprise me.
 The AI bit's pretty surprising.
 You were a very early one, though, aren't you?
 Artificial idiot, yeah.
 Um, did anyone read about Tatl TV,
 which is the British micro drama platform?
 It sounds brilliant.
 And it's going to be terrific.
 Again, owning up to what it is.
 I think it is terrific.
 One of the things is they've turned Hitchhawks the lodger,
 which was one of Hitchhawks' first films, made in 1927.
 Sorry, you keep saying Hitchhawks.
 I heard Hitchhawks.
 I'm trying to make this child-friendly,
 so I don't want to say the word cock.
 But I'm sorry.
 It's not the ball like Hitchhawks.
 Alfred Hitchhawks is very child-friendly.
 I mean, that is the kids' brain to be written, isn't it?
 That's so good.
 Right, okay, no one.
 Okay.
 Don't put this out.
 Alfred Hitchhawks?
 Psychow.
 Brilliant.
 Nice.
 Oh my god, we have something here, guys.
 Vertical.
 Hang on.
 Real wind cow.
 [laughter]
 But it's just farting cows.
 North by North cow.
 [laughter]
 You see, sometimes the creativity needs that AI in butt.
 Yeah, we can write.
 We can bring on the AI.
 Jesus.
 You were saying that.
 Oh, yeah, thanks.
 So it was an Alfred Hitchhawks.
 This was Alfred Hitchhawks,
 1927 drama The Lodger, silent film.
 The Lodger, a story of the London Fog.
 And it's been remade for the two-minute long vertical format.
 Wow.
 And I read the reviews of it.
 There aren't that many.
 But one of them says,
 "First time I've seen Hitchhawks in vertical format."
 Yeah.
 "No shit."
 [laughter]
 They should have done vertical.
 Vertical.
 Yeah, nice.
 We've done that.
 Yeah, and that's probably why it hasn't taken off.
 Yeah.
 I mean, you can watch the whole film in YouTube.
 And if you want, you can pause it every two minutes
 to recreate the experience.
 Okay, it's time for fact number two.
 And that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that the inventor of the chattering teeth
 and croplunk, as well as 800 other joke toys,
 is still inventing new products at age 105.
 That's so cool.
 Yeah.
 This is amazing.
 Eddie Goldfarb, at time of recording,
 he is 105 years old.
 And the man cannot stop producing toys.
 The chattering teeth, we all know it.
 It's the little wind-up teeth that chatter across your table.
 He did the giant bubble gun,
 which is a gun where you put in the liquid
 that comes out as giant bubbles as you shoot it.
 Shark attack.
 Do you remember that?
 Where...
 Okay, it's a plastic shark and you've got to push it's teeth in
 and one at a time.
 And then it will slam down on your hand when one of them goes down.
 I had that as a kid.
 That's great.
 Yeah.
 Do you see now that he's 105,
 does he actually use the chattering teeth?
 Him, sir.
 Oh my god.
 He said this in an interview.
 It's so funny.
 He said he didn't really realise people have false teeth
 and he said when he was aged 100,
 now of course I do know people have false teeth because I have them.
 Yeah.
 And when it gets cold in the winter,
 he must, like,
 chatter his teeth
 and sort of hark back to a simpler age.
 Well, I hope he's comfortable in the winter wherever he is.
 He's in California.
 So he's in his quite temperate.
 Yeah.
 He's in a retirement home.
 He's got a 3D printer where he prints out all of his new ideas.
 He might get cold sometimes.
 You know, it's California, but you know,
 you get used to a certain heat.
 Absolutely.
 And then even when it goes a bit colder,
 you might chatter your teeth.
 Absolutely.
 Yeah.
 I mean, yes.
 Okay, yes.
 He's got a fever or something.
 Don't they have sharks in California?
 Probably off the coast, didn't he?
 Yeah.
 So when he's pushing the teeth in those sharks,
 maybe he harks back to simple times.
 Simple times.
 But he got really screwed on the false teeth.
 He got paid $900.
 And the guy he had sort of going into business with
 sold it to someone else for $2,500.
 And then it went on to make millions, I imagine.
 You know, so he sold the rights outright
 rather than keeping a percentage or whatever.
 So he was new in the game at that point.
 This was before he had his big ideas.
 So he was born 1921.
 I mean, it's amazing.
 You know, he was he was born Adolf.
 He was born at a time where that was a good name to have.
 He's the only other Adolf I know outside of Harpo Marks.
 He had to change his name.
 I'm sure there were other famous ones.
 Of course, there will be.
 It was almost Adolf.
 Yeah.
 And the Foucault actually is Adolf.
 And before he got into being a toy maker,
 he was involved with a Navy during World War Two
 inventing radar systems to help them
 fight against the Japanese.
 Yeah, basically the submarines couldn't find the Japanese planes
 because the Japanese planes were going too close to the surface
 because they'd realized that the American radar didn't work there.
 And so he came up with a new system
 that allowed the radar to work at a very low altitude
 which allowed them to see the planes.
 Yeah, amazing.
 So ironic.
 So the closer the planes got to the surface of the water,
 the lesser submarines could see them.
 Like if someone's got a gun really close to you, you can't.
 Good point.
 It's guns within 10 centimeters.
 You actually don't know they've got one.
 Some of your blinds putt.
 It might sometimes get cold in those submarines.
 I always tease when they've been chattering.
 Maybe with fear as the Japanese planes came in.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Because he was on the submarine.
 He was on with the USS Batfish,
 which once sank three Japanese submarines in four days,
 which I think is a PB for the US Navy.
 Yeah, so he was inventing stuff at sea.
 But that's where he started.
 You're right. Batfish, the submarine is where he started,
 had these ideas.
 And then he goes and sells his first product to a man called
 Irving Fish Love.
 Fish is big in his life.
 Yeah, good point.
 And now he's on our podcast.
 Wow.
 Come on.
 Other toy inventions.
 Sure.
 The Frisbee.
 Oh, yeah.
 Originally pies.
 And it was a huge company.
 Frisbee Pie Company in Connecticut in the 1940s
 was selling 200,000 pies a day.
 Which is a lot of pies.
 So that's crazy that Frisbee meant a pie.
 A Frisbee was a kind.
 It was a maze pie.
 It was a grand, yeah.
 And the students at Yale,
 because only really smart people could come up with this idea.
 When they bought the pies,
 they realized that if you threw the tins,
 they flew quite well.
 And so evolved eventually,
 the Frisbee, a toy company WAMO saw people doing this.
 And they actually had been presented with something
 called the Pluto Platter,
 which was the first name for a Frisbee.
 But they thought, well,
 kids are already calling something like this, a Frisbee.
 So they slightly tweaked the spelling,
 so they didn't get sued by the company.
 I was going to say, so it was never
 that the pie company then turned its
 trays into Frisbee's.
 It was another company kind of copied their design
 and just named it after them.
 Yeah, just changed the eye to an e.
 I feel like even with the eye to an e,
 you should be able to sue.
 I know, right? It feels very close.
 Yeah, you should have a word.
 Yeah, they did try to rejuvenate the pie company in 2017,
 I guess, thinking they'd missed out on the toy.
 Yeah, maybe there's a small portion of people in Connecticut
 who only know the Frisbee as a pie.
 Yeah, I think they're quite collector's items,
 those tins now, because it wasn't that they were generic.
 They said Frisbee on them as well.
 So you can get them online as the originals.
 You know the guy we were talking about
 who Goldfarb sold his thing to, his chat from teeth.
 Yeah, Irving Fishlove. Fishlove is a huge deal in toy world.
 Oh, really? As an inventor and entrepreneur.
 He is the man behind the fake rubber vomit.
 Let's see, which is a big deal.
 Yeah, the rubber vomit.
 Fake barf, which is, you just see it on the ground.
 That might help.
 What if this vomit word?
 You don't know, Bob.
 Oh, Bob.
 You on page now?
 Thank you.
 Yeah, that's...
 I'm afraid, like, if you can think of anything
 that it might possibly be, that's what it is.
 Yeah, okay. So it's just a common toy that...
 For maybe I've always thought it was real vomit when I've seen it,
 so I didn't know it existed.
 Maybe it's not so much a toy as a gag gift.
 Or a thing you'd get in a practical joke.
 Probably not a gag gift, I would say.
 Really? No.
 You would give it to someone.
 You would put it on the floor and pretend that it's just happened.
 Well, it depends on the occasion, doesn't it?
 It's probably not good for a wedding.
 I believe the 27th wedding anniversary is the barf,
 but it's fun if I say that.
 So the incredible thing about it,
 I just started reading about the fake vomit.
 So Irving Fishlove would use it himself sometimes
 because he thought it was so funny
 that he would take his...
 I just love this for his poor kids.
 He would take his teenage children to really nice restaurants
 and then he'd start hacking and coughing away.
 And then he'd go, "Ahh!"
 And then there'd be this fake vomit on the floor.
 And the waiters would go, "Oh my goodness, I'm so sorry, Sarah."
 And then he'd be laughing his head off.
 Just in terms of pure parental embarrassment,
 I think that might be one of the most embarrassing things
 that your dad could do.
 Unless he also invented the fake poo.
 Fake shit, Anna.
 Just in case.
 But it's still made to the state of fake vomit.
 It's very successful and it's handmade.
 I love this.
 They get the mix, which is just bits of plastic
 and styrofoam and sort of soupy stuff.
 And then they laid it out like a little pancake.
 So everyone is individual
 and it takes a full day to dry.
 That will be the last ever industry
 that AI manages to take over.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 It is, I saw a photo of them.
 They have on like a giant trail almost 500 of them.
 And they look like little cookies if you're at a distance.
 And they lay them out in the sun to dry.
 And apparently much like Coca-Cola or KFC,
 there is a secret ingredient that no one knows.
 And they are protecting their parents.
 His parents, isn't it?
 It's selfish really, you know,
 give it away to the world like Tim Berners-Lee.
 If you've cracked something like that.
 Yeah, you're right.
 Do you know what else is different for everyone?
 Toy-wise, Jenga.
 As in, they individually cut blood.
 Every block is different and has to be for it to work.
 Not really.
 And there are various reddit threads
 about people who tried to make their own Jenga and failed
 because they assume that they all need to be the same.
 So you can slide them out more easily.
 It makes so much sense, right?
 When you play Jenga,
 some of them can slip out.
 If you just cut Jenga completely evenly and equally,
 they'll all get stuck together.
 And you won't be able to force any out.
 Lots of people saying, "I don't know what I've done wrong.
 I've just cut a Jenga set out of my own block of wood."
 People saying, "You've got to sand it down unevenly."
 Yeah, so they're craftsmen in the Jenga factory.
 You're like, "Old Italian carpenter's,
 who's like delicately taking..."
 I'm not the Jenga boys.
 Oh my gosh, Jesus.
 And they hire one person to walk around
 occasionally just bump into them
 and nudge the little bit of the precision out of place.
 Wasn't Jenga, I thought it was based on like an African game
 and invented by a woman from Oxford or something,
 because I remember she came to the QI club, I think.
 Oh, yeah, she's called Leslie Scott.
 And yeah, she grew up in Ghana and it was called
 "And could Jenga means building in Swahili?"
 But the amazing thing about her is
 I think we've also mentioned her husband.
 So she was just this woman who played this as a kid with her brother
 and then decided this is going to make me a fortune.
 And it did. And she's married to this guy called Fritz Volrath
 who's a spider and silkworm professor at Oxford University
 and he's invented ballistic knickers
 which out of spider silk, inspired products,
 among other things which protect you from bombs.
 I think that guy came to the QI club as well.
 I feel like that...
 It feels like you invited one and then you said there's a plus one here.
 Yeah, like whoever it was brought the spouse.
 We definitely met Leslie.
 Yeah, we had drinks with her, yeah, at the club, back in the day.
 What a fun couple.
 Ballistic knickers.
 Snickers, good nickname.
 Who's shooting directly at your knickers?
 It's for us.
 Of course, you was a big film star in the 1950s.
 People knew her as ballistic knickers.
 Um, they're four landmines, okay?
 Yep, much less funny, really, uh, much more serious.
 Classic, other fact.
 You've got to finish on the down to appreciate the ups.
 We mentioned earlier how this guy, um, Adolf, uh, Goldfarb.
 Adolf E. Goldfarb.
 Adolf E. Goldfarb.
 The Goldfarb, uh, he didn't get his money for his yakiniac teeth, right?
 Someone else who didn't get the money for something they invented
 was a woman called K. Zufal.
 She was a person who saw that people were using Play-Doh
 to clean their wallpaper.
 I thought you could use that.
 You could give that to kids and they can make stuff out of it.
 There was basically this company called Kotal Products.
 Uh, because people had houses that had coal fires.
 Their wallpaper used to get quite dirty.
 And they came up with this product that you could press onto the wall
 and it would take the coal off it and clean your wallpaper.
 Then coal kind of became less popular.
 Natural gas came into one people's houses.
 And also washable wallpaper was invented.
 And so they didn't know what to do.
 They didn't know what to do with their money.
 And this woman came in and said,
 "Well, why don't you turn it into a toy?"
 And she never made any money out of Play-Doh,
 which was sold for millions and millions afterwards.
 But she was allowed an unlimited supply of Play-Doh
 for the rest of her life.
 Okay.
 Wow.
 It's insulting at that point.
 So, okay, did you go, um,
 did you go and negotiate for some more dough?
 Well, yes.
 I do fancy the idea of being a toy maker
 and you can sell it to someone if it's good and original enough.
 Like, Eddie Goldfarb, 800 of these ideas.
 It's pretty astonishing.
 And like, supposedly, the arcade basketball system.
 The ball comes down and you shoot it.
 That was Eddie Goldfarb.
 Yeah, he had this one invention which was,
 it was a drink that you sipped.
 And as you sipped, it turned around a merry-go-round
 that was in a dome at the top of the cup for kids.
 That was you drink the merry-go-round.
 Exactly.
 Yeah, it's forcing it up.
 The force of you drinking makes it grand, right?
 Yeah, so nice.
 And also, this is how good Eddie Goldfarb was at ideas.
 When his son was born in 1953,
 he didn't have much money.
 And when they're in the hospital,
 they couldn't pay the hospital bill.
 So at night, he forged money.
 He came up with money.
 He came up with an idea that night.
 Left the hospital, sold it to a toy making manufacturer.
 It came back with the cash and paid for his son's hospital bill.
 That's how much his name is.
 I know about that.
 That sounds like he's lazy.
 And he only does it when he really needs to.
 It sounds like if he's that good,
 then he could have done it every day for the nine months leading up to the better.
 You're kind of right, because 800 is a lot.
 But when you're 105,
 is that impressive?
 Really?
 Actually, and you consider it?
 Well, you want to be a toy inventor.
 And how many of you have mented so far?
 Dan, I think you could do it.
 The biggest prizes in toy making,
 which is called the Idiot Award.
 Genuinely,
 the international designer and inventor of toys.
 It's so good.
 There's a UK toy inventor's dinner, which does sound like a fun place to be.
 Oh, well, they'd be quite tedious after a while.
 You know, you just want to have a boring chat about the weather.
 And they keep putting wippy cushions on your seat.
 There's a lot of fake bar, I think.
 Talks around.
 And he's won the Idiot Award, of course.
 Yeah, he's also won the witty winning inventor toy of the year.
 That feels forced, bit forced.
 It does, yeah.
 Whereas Idiot came for in, actually.
 Hula Hoops, they were insanely popular when they were invented.
 So they were invented in 1958.
 That year, 120 million Hula Hoops were sold in America alone.
 No, why?
 The population was only 180 million.
 Most people have them.
 And they had no idea the toy company had a Hula hoop.
 Had no idea what to turn it into at first.
 So they came from Australia.
 And Australians used to use these bamboo rings to exercise with.
 Really, I thought they must have come from Hawaii where Hula comes from.
 They did not weirdly.
 They came from Australia.
 And then this guy in Australia who knew someone at an American toy company
 went and brought him a Hula hoop and said, "Here you go, guy who works at Wamo.
 See what you can do with this."
 And the Vice Principal of Wamo was just like,
 it just sat in our research office for months and months.
 Because we were like, "What do we do with this?"
 And he said, "We put it on pegs, we rolled it down the street, what the hell?"
 And then another Australian came by the office.
 And was like, "Oh, you got a Hula hoop?"
 And they said, "Yep, what the hell do we do with it?"
 And they all said, "I'm too embarrassed to show you.
 Come outside and just one of you can come."
 And I'll show you.
 I'll show you in the privacy of the basement.
 They're probably thinking, "Oh God, it's a cock ring, isn't it?"
 That's this is wow.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three.
 And that is Anna.
 My fact this week is that nobody knows why parasitimal works.
 Come on.
 It's weird, isn't it?
 I can't believe it.
 It just works. Just don't ask questions.
 There are boffins out there. They must have.
 I think not ask the boffins at fun.com.
 Absolutely.
 They forgot to ask all the toy makers.
 They're boffins at pain.com.
 The next door, don't confuse them.
 Yeah, I find this amazing.
 So we know very much how other painkillers work.
 I'd be profan and aspirin block this enzyme called the cox enzyme.
 So they are indeed cox blockers.
 But parasitimal does seem to do something to the cox enzymes,
 but it doesn't stop any signals getting to the brain.
 Someone else said that it seems to activate cannabinoid receptors
 so that maybe reduces the subjective experience of pain.
 It activates a capsaicin receptor.
 And you know, sometimes people rub capsaicin on things,
 even though chili also makes you feel pain as a handy nose.
 They always say with capsaicin, they always say,
 "Oh, we've just discovered this hottest chili in the world,
 which is hot enough to kill 200 people with one suck."
 And then they go, "But it might be used to stop people from getting pain
 in the future."
 Yeah, they do.
 I'm going to try parasitimal first.
 But yeah, we just really don't know why.
 That this is the most insane placebo that no one has called there.
 I don't think it works.
 Well, it doesn't work on everyone.
 It only works on some.
 It doesn't work on everyone.
 On most people, right?
 Actually, quite a lot of people, it doesn't work on it.
 And that's one reason that a lot of doctors are starting to think
 maybe we shouldn't be giving it to people,
 because it has side effects in small cases.
 Like it can cause internal bleeding
 and it can cause different things if you take too much of it.
 And for some people, it just doesn't work.
 And so those people for whom it doesn't work
 might start taking more and more of it
 because it's not working.
 And then the ones who might be susceptible to the side effects.
 Wow.
 Can we talk about the guy who first synthesized it?
 We think he was the first to synthesize it.
 There may have been one friend who came us earlier.
 But this guy was Harmon Northrop Morse.
 Great name.
 Two great names.
 Three actually.
 Harmon.
 But he came up with it in 1878.
 Synthesized it.
 But then he had a colleague called Joseph von Merring
 who claimed that maybe it might do some damage.
 And there were a couple of other painkillers
 on the market at the time.
 And those were chosen over paracetamol.
 And for the next 70 years, nobody took paracetamol
 until the 50s when a couple of other teams tried it
 and found that the other medicines, the ones that have been chosen,
 were not terribly good for you.
 And in fact, they were basically converted into paracetamol inside you.
 Those were just sort of pro drugs.
 You took those in your body.
 They turn into paracetamol.
 And then that does actually give you the benefit of the pain relief.
 Is there a tree that von Merring found it in people's urine
 who had taken one of those other drugs?
 I think that's right.
 So people have been taking this other drug
 and then he was going through the piss for some reason.
 Going through the piss.
 In the piss bin.
 That's showing exactly why he was doing that.
 I guess he probably had some reason.
 But then I think he found paracetamol in people
 who had taken it.
 And the other one that were taken was called phenacetin.
 Yes.
 And phenacetin, I think, caused some problems.
 Turned you blue?
 It did. So there was like a precursor to paracetamol which turns you blue
 because it stopped oxygen being able to combine
 with your hemoglobin.
 But really quickly after this, they managed to create something
 very similar that didn't do that.
 But everyone was like, oh, I think it might have the blue thing still.
 How blue did you get it?
 You just, you know, like really cold, like a smurf.
 Like smurf level.
 Again.
 He says the smurfs actually had just taken this drug.
 That's the thing.
 Same with that guy from Eiffel 65.
 That song.
 But they just all on that medicine.
 Right.
 So warning about phenacetin.
 You do feel like Eddie Goldfarb could do something with that
 Halloween thing that you'd have, you know.
 What's actually happening here is Dan is testing out one of his new Thai ideas.
 And when we didn't really respond to it,
 I think he's going to go back to the drawing.
 No, no, no, it's cool. I've got other ideas.
 So guys, so guys at Wabo, I've got this great idea.
 We give people this medicine which may or may not be really bad for them.
 But they turn blue.
 But with the right packaging, move it from the chemistryle to the toy aisle.
 You can't do that.
 For a seasonal.
 It's another accidental invention as well.
 Another favourite.
 One of the times that it was discovered, this was in the 1880s.
 Again, and then it was sort of undiscovered.
 Were two people, Khan and Hep, who they had a patient, they were doctors.
 They had a patient with intestinal worms.
 And they actually ordered some naphthalene, which is what mothballs are made of.
 Oh.
 So they basically ordered mothballs from the chemist.
 I'm afraid you've got mothballs.
 Is it like tennis elbow? Brilliant.
 Yeah.
 So they all...
 Your standup is just telling a joke and then saying brilliant straight after that.
 Don't rumble me.
 12 years ago.
 Mothballs is where your testicles just flutter towards any nearby light source.
 Very painful through your clothes.
 So, no, it wasn't that.
 It is an old joke, but it's like my clothes are getting eaten.
 Have you tried mothballs?
 Well, I tried, but I couldn't get the little legs open.
 Yes.
 I'll say brilliant.
 Brilliant.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, I made it better.
 So mothballs.
 Yeah, come on. We could do this.
 Yeah, we can.
 They ordered mothballs to cure intestinal worms.
 They ordered the right thing.
 The chemist accidentally sent them acetanilide, which is kind of like paracetamol.
 And it didn't get rid of the intestinal worms, but it did bring down his fever.
 So they said, oh, great stuff.
 And they went back to the chemist to be like, so you gave us those mothballs.
 Wow. And the chemist went, do you know what?
 I've just checked the packets.
 And I sent you completely the wrong thing.
 Paracetamol could be useful, I think, in a children's birthday party.
 Okay, children are very loud.
 They shout a lot. Afterwards, you'll have a headache.
 James's party bags are really a question.
 I'll pull all around.
 You should have a paracetamol, a fake shit.
 Before the party.
 So when you're getting the party ready.
 Oh, okay. So what do you need? Do you need balloons?
 Keep going down that track.
 Can the tail on the donkey?
 Keep going down the bullied track.
 Just give you more breath.
 It doesn't give you more breath, but it increases your risk taking behaviour.
 So they did an experiment where they gave some people paracetamol and some people didn't.
 And then they did something called the balloon test.
 And in the balloon test, you keep blowing up a balloon until you think,
 this is the time I have to stop because if I don't stop now, it's going to explode.
 And the people who took the paracetamol would blow it bigger than the people who didn't take it.
 Because they're less risk averse.
 Party, do you really judge it if the balloons aren't big enough?
 I think kids do.
 Like when I've blown up balloons for my daughter and her friend,
 and one of them gets a bigger balloon than the other, that's the end of the day.
 Really good point.
 Doesn't mean more explode in your face though.
 It does, but worth it for the big balloons.
 By the time you take the paracetamol, you can't feel it anymore.
 So you think we're more brave generally with paracetamol on us than not?
 Wow.
 Reduced anxiety, more risk taking behaviour.
 Wow.
 It does seem to have this amazing emotional effect, doesn't it?
 Which lots of little studies have shown, so scientists aren't totally sure yet.
 But I mean, it's coming up a lot.
 And a reduction of empathy, people are quite worried about.
 Yeah.
 And I liked it.
 There was another study where the title was, "Anxious about life and afraid of death."
 Paracetamol may do the trick.
 Which is nice, because we all fall into that category, right?
 Yeah.
 And this is a study that made some people watch a David Lynch series called "Rabbit"
 and other people not.
 Okay.
 And then they made both sets assign fines to certain crimes that they'd seen.
 And if they'd taken paracetamol, they were more lenient with the fines.
 Incredibly confusing study setup.
 Very way around.
 It almost seems like the movie is irrelevant.
 Yes.
 But yeah, they're saying that we're trying to induce this terror of death and this existential fear.
 So we're going to give you paracetamol and make you watch rabbits and then see how lenient you are on the fines.
 Like whether you've got this existential fear that makes you harsh.
 But the other thing about David Lynch movies is that they're completely impossible to understand.
 I'm sorry, I actually think you're mixing up the directors.
 I think it was David Leach, who is part of the Alfred Hedgehog world of directors.
 He's so much less keen.
 Steven Spielkow.
 There we go.
 There we go.
 That is interesting and if your partner has a headache and you're worried you might get a sympathy headache because you're a very empathetic person.
 Oh yeah.
 You should take paracetamol.
 So because it can dull your ability to feel pain.
 If your partner gets a headache, you're going to your wife.
 Shall we have sex?
 She's like, I don't know.
 I've got a headache.
 Yeah, be true.
 I'm so run down. I think I need a holiday on my own. I'll take that for you, actually. That's probably going to fix it.
 The idea is it dulls your ability to feel pain in others.
 You know, we're talking about feeling sympathetic pain with some people do.
 Paracetamol apparently tempts that down.
 So if you've only got one left in the packet and your wife has a headache.
 It should be for me.
 It should be for me.
 We don't want this catching.
 Can I quickly tell you about the largest aspirin transfer in history?
 This is so exciting because it's friend of the podcast, the Treaty of Versailles.
 You know about this?
 Bayer, the drug company, German, owned the patent for aspirin.
 And as part of the reparations for the First World War,
 they had to give over the trademark to Britain, France and Russia between them.
 And they also had to give a quarter of all aspirin to the Allies.
 No.
 A quarter of all aspirin made was just given to the Allied powers.
 How's that?
 Weird.
 Actually, just on the war on, well, another war.
 Only because I'm just looking through my notes now.
 Do you remember Anna?
 You mentioned about the two students who thought they were giving napthalines to someone
 but gave them this other precursor to Paracetamol.
 Yeah.
 Their professor who organized the experiment was called Adolf Kusmal.
 One of the only Adolfs I've heard of.
 Wow.
 That's what I do with a little Hitler.
 And Harpo.
 And Dolphin.
 And Dolphin.
 Well, it's actually...
 It's actually in the top 10 boys' names this year.
 So...
 I checked my phone to make sure I wasn't making this up.
 But when we were naming my first son, Will, when we were looking for names,
 I have a book at home, which is "boys' names."
 And Adolf is a suggestion in there.
 Has it a comprehensive list of names, if you like?
 Has it got thousands of names?
 It's still like a thousand-one names.
 Yeah, yeah.
 For boys.
 I'm just surprised that it's still in there as an option for any...
 Was it published in, like, 1919?
 Or...
 It was a modern book.
 It was a modern book.
 Do you reckon they had a thousand and one?
 And they're like, "Oh, we should get rid of Adolf."
 They're like, "Yeah, but we can't think of any more."
 We're going to have to change the name of the book.
 Do they have notes next to it?
 You know, when you have the meanings of names?
 Do they have, you know, the origin of this is,
 "It means a wave from harm, PS, sometimes associated with."
 They shouldn't do that.
 Shouldn't they end those baby-name books?
 And they should also put things that it can rhyme with
 that people might say in the playground.
 Yes, exactly.
 They should, like, when you go to...
 I'm also asking quite a good one for that,
 because you can't rhyme too much with Adolf as in...
 Adolf, yeah.
 There aren't very many natural rhymes for that.
 So in fact, it's quite a good name to call your son.
 Yes.
 Completed playground terms.
 Yeah, yeah.
 There's no wave anyone will find a way of bullying.
 It's actually amazing that Hitler got so angry
 later in life when he probably wasn't bullied at school.
 Yeah.
 Okay, it is time for our final factor, the show.
 And that is James.
 Okay, my fact this week is that in order to prepare
 the National Dish of Ghana,
 you need to vigorously pound your fufu for at least 20 minutes.
 You don't know.
 Since you sent this factor round to the Four of Us James,
 how often I've said to my wife,
 but I suppose you care to prepare the National Dish of Ghana there.
 Sorry, I've got a headache.
 It's a brilliant chat-up line.
 I'm so sorry.
 I mean, it's very childish.
 Sometimes you seem like you're the mature one of the show
 and then sometimes you send this round new thing.
 He's a child.
 I am mature and age-only.
 How do you fufu?
 So I was reading the Oxford Companion to Food
 about Yams for the Y series of QI.
 Oh, yeah.
 And in that book, which is a very venerable book
 about encyclopedia of food,
 it does say, to make fufu,
 the body must be vigorously pounded for 20 minutes,
 and I just read that and thought,
 "Well, we definitely have to run that."
 And not certain we'll get it onto QI.
 So I thought, "I have to do that on here instead."
 But James, you can't blame the book
 unless it put a smiley, winky face after that.
 The book is just telling you the fact.
 It's you that suggested that it's very funny.
 I'm not blaming the Oxford Companion.
 Are you saying it's not funny?
 And the idea of vigorously pounding your fufu for 20 minutes?
 I'm saying the author of the Oxford Companion to Food
 not be accused of finding it funny.
 Because Alan Davidson used it in brilliant.
 He is a brilliant writer
 and I always read that book with a slight wink anyway.
 So I think he's such a great writer.
 It's so good.
 They are amazing.
 They are amazing articles.
 But yeah, the other thing that I found
 is that you use a fufu pestle to make it.
 So it's like, you know, like a mortar and pestle
 that you might have in your house.
 It's like that, but the sticky bit is three feet in length.
 And the bowling bit is obviously a bit wider
 than a normal mortar and pestle.
 So you put it on the floor, don't you?
 I mean, which makes sense?
 A lot of context may be in Ghana, but like here
 it's strange to put your pestle on the floor.
 Yeah, you wouldn't do that unless you were a borrower in this country.
 But this is to make fufu
 and fufu is not the official national dish of Ghana
 because they don't have one, but widely considered
 amongst Ghani's people to be.
 And it is also across the whole of Africa really.
 West Africa, yeah, yeah.
 Like Ghan and Nigeria, yeah.
 And my friend did say that she makes it a lot
 and said that it is a massive workout.
 And also she said, and she's Nigerian,
 but it is very widely in Nigeria as well.
 She said, you often need to throw out the pot
 after you've made it because it's super sticky.
 So I don't know how many of us are.
 I'll follow up.
 I don't know how many pots she's going through on a monthly basis.
 But, yeah.
 So fufu is the end product.
 That's the pounded boiled yum, right?
 Or it could be various different things as well.
 It's not always just yum.
 Sometimes it's cassava, sometimes it's something else.
 I read that when you eat it, you would go in with your hands
 and rip off a bit of it and you put it in your mouth
 and you just roll it down, much like a noister,
 maybe or a paracetamol pill.
 And you often, speaking to someone who's saying
 his family was throws it in the air, which I think is common.
 You roll it into a ball, you toss it in the air,
 and then you catch it quite fun.
 We just start doing that more with food.
 And a bit like pancakes, I suppose.
 And then you make a little hole in it with your thumb
 so you can scoop up soup and eat it.
 But, yeah, swallowing it down.
 And they're quite big the bits that you have.
 Absolutely.
 Don't chew.
 So, yams.
 Oh, yeah.
 Now, these are not sweet potatoes.
 And I think in the USA, there's a bit of electrical confusion.
 But I've got to say, I did think yam was one thing.
 And how wrong was I?
 Oh, there are so many yams.
 There are 870 odd species of yam.
 Many toxic.
 Many edible.
 Right.
 So, I think that's very interesting.
 Yeah.
 And lots of non-actual yams get referred to as yams.
 Yeah.
 It just gets used to refer to quite a lot of starchy tubers.
 Yeah.
 So in America, it is sweet potato they're talking about when they say yams.
 But they're not botanically yams.
 That's not the yam species.
 Exactly.
 Yeah.
 But in lots of African languages, the word for 'to eat' is basically the same as yam.
 Just to indicate how significant a staple crop it is and has been historically for loads of people.
 Yeah.
 Millions of people.
 I actually bizarrely just read Things Fall Apart, which is a seminal piece of African literature written in the 50s, but set in Nigeria in the late 19th century.
 And yams are the king.
 So, the main character in Things Fall Apart of Conquo is like, it's a male crop.
 But yams are the male crop because you have to know so much about the soil to be able to get it right.
 And you have to constantly kind of be pruning it properly.
 And you have the big yam festival where you always give the biggest yam to the god of the awashping.
 And they talked about a really strange tribe where everything is upside down.
 And it's the men who pound fufu for their wives.
 Right.
 There are a lot of yam festivals around across Nigeria, Cote d'Ivoire as well.
 And Ghana, obviously, as we've mentioned.
 So, in Cote d'Ivoire, I read this.
 Sometimes a funeral or burial will have to be delayed until the yam festival is over.
 Because that takes priority.
 It's kind of understandable, isn't it, if it's your main source of calories.
 Oh, yes.
 So, you're probably going to have to do your harvesting before anything else happens.
 You'd think you could knock off a half an hour, have a funeral, the burial.
 And then back to harvesting fufu.
 Maybe.
 Dig the hole to harvest, put the person in the hole.
 Yeah, perfect. They're about the same weight.
 A really big yam.
 Yeah.
 Really big yam.
 But the people who are good at digging have to do one or the other, really.
 Oh, I see.
 Oh, OK, that's very logical.
 Sorry, Derek's family.
 But we can't bury him because we're digging up yam.
 You see the yam bonds?
 No.
 So, you harvest all your yams and then they can last for, you know, eight, nine months.
 But you have to store them in air, eight, then properly.
 And they build bonds out of yams.
 I was watching a YouTube video called The Largest Yam Barn in the World.
 Where a guy's showing you around his yam bonds.
 It's like a shop, so people are coming.
 And this woman's like, and what's this?
 And he's like, this is more yams.
 And then he walks down a corridor.
 And the whole, all the walls are made of yam.
 And she's like, and what's this one?
 He's like, yeah, yeah, it's more yams.
 Yeah.
 And the whole thing just looks identical.
 Yams to me.
 And this one, he's like, yeah, it's more yams.
 Is this yam jenga that people play?
 It's yam jenga.
 Yes.
 That's cool.
 They have those in the Trobriand Islands as well, which is near Papua New Guinea.
 Yeah.
 They're yam houses.
 But you don't put your own yams in.
 You would only put yams that someone else has given to you into your yam house.
 Because the Trobriand culture is more like people giving things to each other.
 Oh.
 You wouldn't eat your own stuff that you found.
 You would give that to someone else they would give it to you.
 And it sort of makes the society more cohesive.
 A lot as long as you've grown good yams.
 I'd feel a bit embarrassed if I could have a really bad yam as long as giving me terrific yams.
 If you're moving into a house, do you sort of scope out the neighbours and see how their yam plot looks?
 I suppose you would.
 Because you don't want, you know, to move in next to some useless.
 That's like instead of looking up the good schools in the area, that's what they do in the Trobriand Islands.
 Yeah, the good yam guys, because you are growing your yams privately.
 That's going to be a state yams, yeah, yeah.
 In the Trobriand Islands, the yam harvest is so important that everyone get involved.
 And then at the end of it, you would have a big old party, which usually had lots of either sex or warfare.
 Oh, how did you decide? Was that like, like the scissors?
 Slippy yam.
 And so when colonialists and missionaries all came in and saw this was happening and didn't think much of it, they brought cricket.
 And so now what often happens is they do the yam festival.
 And then after that, they have a massive cricket match.
 And it's one of these sort of cricket matches, which has like 50 people on each side.
 And loads of dancing and parades and all that kind of stuff.
 Right.
 That's nice.
 And also cricket bat would be quite good for pounding your foo foo, wouldn't it?
 Shot could be.
 Yeah, ages ago we mentioned yams and the fact that there is a suggestion that if you want to have twins, you should eat a lot of yams.
 And there's a town in Nigeria where supposedly it's the highest rate of twin births in the world.
 And they even have a sign saying that as you go in.
 But the flip side of that is the first contraceptive pill that was developed, which was never commercially used.
 But it was developed, was made using Mexican yams.
 So this was a doctorate in Mexico City in the 1940s.
 He used the yams to thicken the mucus of the cervix to stop the sperm from reaching the egg.
 So that's exactly what it did.
 But he couldn't work out how to commercialize it.
 It can't just put it up your foo foo, can you?
 Right.
 It's recommended.
 But yeah, then someone else got there first, but he managed it.
 Yeah.
 So cool.
 And you mentioned lots of different types of yams, the cheeky yam, they're quite like.
 This is one that you get in Australia, also known as the epitato.
 And it's cheeky because it's toxic, unless you prepare it correctly.
 That is cheeky.
 I don't think it's like death toxic.
 I think it's like bath toxic.
 Unless you have too much for it presumably.
 Slicing, yeah, it's tini slices and you run it underwater.
 And the traditional way to prepare it is by slicing it with a kangaroo shoulder blade.
 Right.
 Right.
 Maybe that's the secret ingredient in the fake barf.
 Someone just loves in a couple of those yams.
 A couple of cheeky yams.
 Yeah.
 Do you have to pound the foo foo to detoxify it?
 Is it that can be harmful if you don't prep it properly?
 No, the ones, these ones in West Africa, I think it's just to get the right consistency.
 Okay, okay.
 Cassava, which is often also what's used to make foo foo is toxic.
 A lot of cassava is toxic.
 And to different levels, so bit of cassava is toxic.
 So I'm just impressed that people confidently cook with it all the time, which they do.
 Because some of it you have to leave to soak for a day, two days, to make sure you detoxify.
 Otherwise you get cyanide and you're poisoned.
 I always thought it was mad that you can buy cassava in the UK.
 Where most people probably wouldn't know how to prepare it.
 Yeah, legs.
 I always think that's crazy.
 And you can buy it in its toxic form, is what we're saying.
 Well, I don't know, but I only learned that it was toxic a few years ago and then saw it in the shop and thought.
 Is that wise?
 Yeah.
 But they sell raw chicken in shops.
 And I have that every day and I'm fine.
 I found a claim that they can be 45 feet long, which I just think must be absolutely full of bottom rubbish.
 They must be 4 to 5 feet.
 I think there was a decimal place, a decimal point, I think.
 And then the wait, so you get some pretty, I was trying to find, you know, researching these facts is like,
 "biggest jam, oldest jam."
 Oh, yeah.
 Second World War, yeah.
 The oldest jam.
 Because we do on this show talk about the oldest ham, quite a lot.
 Oh, yeah.
 Old friend of the book, guys.
 Well, I found a few different claims, one claim, which was printed a new scientist.
 Which is very reputable publication, right?
 In 2001, they printed a claim that the Elephant's Foot Yam, which is a variety found in Southeast Asia, can weigh up to 300 kilos.
 Okay.
 And again, I'm a little bit skeptical, so I just think that's it.
 That is quite heavy.
 A awful lot.
 No.
 Some of them can be over 100 kilos, which is quite enough, you know.
 Most of them, 300 kilos must be not far off what the four of us together.
 Yeah.
 Or one arm.
 It feels a bit toppy.
 Yeah.
 How would you, I mean, you need a huge frying pan, don't you?
 How are you cooking that?
 Well, you might cut it into smaller pieces.
 That's a good point.
 All right, chef.
 Come on.
 Anthony Bourdain over here is wowing after the technique.
 The calendar in Fiji, five of the 11 months are named after things you can do with a jam.
 In the picture as well.
 Is there a naughty calendar section?
 Do you do those things in those months?
 Yes, you do.
 So it's like clearing the land for planting yams and the month when young yam plants are ready to be tied with reeds to get the vines to grow upwards.
 Wow.
 You're a re.
 But it's basically, that's a traditional calendar, of course.
 It's not the one that everyone hangs upon the wall.
 But apparently in Fiji, you deliberately plant your yams in very bad soil because there's a belief that it's like a sporting vegetable and it'll grow better if you give it a challenge.
 Terrific.
 Weird idea.
 I think that's a nice idea, don't you?
 Yeah, I think that's really cool.
 Octuba.
 Oh.
 Maybe.
 Really good.
 Really good.
 Yeah.
 Can I say one last thing about Ghana, because we might not be in these parts again for a while?
 So nearly 4% of Ghana is covered by the world's largest artificial lake.
 Right?
 That's largest by area, not by volume, of course.
 Yeah.
 But it's a huge amount of it.
 I mean, it's 3,000 square miles more than it's a big artificial lake.
 Right.
 It's used for hydroelectricity and it is called Lake Volta.
 Now, why do you think it's called Lake Volta?
 Well, the Volta River is in Ghana, right?
 Yeah, it's named after the river.
 Yeah, it's named after the river.
 I was hoping someone would say it's named after Count Alessandro Volta.
 Of course.
 It's the electricity pie in here.
 Yeah, there's a hydroelectric lake.
 Oh, I see.
 But James, with his excellent knowledge of rivers, has absolutely torpedoed this way.
 To be fair, it would have been quite a stretch to get Alessandro Volta.
 I reckon.
 I'm just impressed that you got the river Volta.
 Yeah, mate.
 There are no wrong answers at this point.
 It's a great quiz.
 But you were hoping that it was a thing that sounds like it's named after a person, but it's actually named after it.
 So it's a reverse.
 Exactly.
 Exactly.
 I'm already working all the same way.
 You try to trick us.
 Very nice.
 Okay, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said over the course of this podcast, we're all online.
 I'm on @Sriberland on Instagram, Andy at Andrew Hunter M. James.
 No, six fingers, James Harkin.
 And if you want to get to us as a group, Anna, where do they go?
 No, so just saying on Instagram, I'll podcast at qi.com for you now.
 That's right.
 Podcast@qi.com is the most important destination for you.
 If you want to be part of the show and you got two options.
 One is if you send us in a great fact, we're going to pick those out and bring them to our bonus Monday show, which is called little fish.
 We love reading out your facts.
 Do send them in.
 Or if you got some extra information, if we've said something in the show, you want to tell us more about an experience you've had, maybe you grow yams.
 Tell us and we will bring that to drop us a line, which is our bonus secret show.
 You got to be a member of our secret club, which is called club fish.
 And you can get to that by going to patreon.com/clubfish.
 We have a lot of extras there.
 It's a really fun place.
 So join the club now.
 Otherwise, just come back next week because we are going to be back with another show.
 Thank you as ever to Leigh and Ethan Ruperallia, as well as the larger fish bus for gang.
 And we'll see you next week.
 Goodbye.
 [Music]
