 [in the background]
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast
 coming to you from the QI offices in Covenant Garden.
 My name is Dan Schlieber.
 I am sitting here with Andrew Hunter Murray, Anichezinski and James Harkin, and once again we
 have gathered around the microphones of our four favourite facts from the last seven
 days, and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with you, Anna.
 My fact this week is that travelling salesmen used to carry around miniature versions of
 everything they were selling.
 Right.
 Such an amazing fact.
 It is so cool.
 So I found this.
 I don't know how I ended up on this site, but I was on Tim's antique site.
 Tim's very well-respected antique stealers, and they had an article which was titled, "What
 is miniature furniture?"
 And it started by saying this question has been asked time and time again for Tim and
 Tim again.
 Tim's and Tim's again, and it says there's a whole myriad of answers, but we're here
 to answer definitively, and they said, "The vast majority of miniature furniture that
 you see in antique places was carried around by travelling salesmen because if you
 are going around the country, you're going to be away for weeks and weeks away from your
 workshop, then obviously it's a hassle to take all the full-size stuff with you."
 So they made up tiny samples, but perfectly sculpted samples.
 So incredibly good quality, you know, with the proper materials, well, but together samples.
 But there were so many different things they tried this way.
 So there are amazing pages online of, there's a great website called Collectors Weekly,
 which has a load of samples.
 It's so good.
 There were stoves, there were mini stoves and sewing machines and telephones, coffins.
 You can, I found on eBay in America, there's one going at the moment.
 It's eight inches long, it's selling for a few hundred dollars, and it's a travelling
 salesman's coffin.
 Oh, okay.
 As in a, it's a proper antique travelling salesman, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Have you seen the stuff that undertakers would take with them?
 Because it was not only, they'd have a briefcase full of miniature coffins, but you can also
 get, as antiques, their briefcase of a graveyard plot.
 And again, if you go online, you open up the briefcase and it's proper fake grass around
 it.
 And then it's got the grave stone as they would suggest that they'll make up your grave
 so you wouldn't die.
 Wow.
 That's so cool.
 And is there a sort of a, a horse and you roleplay the whole event?
 I don't know.
 Maybe they did.
 I didn't see any briefcases with the miniature horse in them.
 You could in the late 19th century by miniature step ladders and ironing boards.
 And this was from a guy called Holy Kirk Christianson in Denmark.
 And he had a woodworking company and he was making these step ladders and ironing boards.
 But then he thought, you know what, I prefer making these little things and making the big
 things.
 Why don't I start a company where I make lots of little things and he started the Lego
 company?
 No.
 Isn't that cool?
 That's very cool.
 He started off making miniature things with travelling salesmen and then he became a Lego
 guy.
 That's so cool.
 That is amazing.
 So these don't, because there were a lot of sort of miniature version tallies back in history,
 kind of like, I guess, how Lego came out, miniature gilletines from the French Revolution.
 Yeah.
 This is during the French Revolution.
 They used to sell them for kids to play with and with, and you sold dolls with it.
 You sold dolls with them?
 You would chop your dolls head off.
 No.
 Yes.
 But if you don't have it, if you're too poor to afford the dolls, you can just put your
 fingers through it.
 It makes you kind of finger-puff it.
 You did use to get those gilletines that you put your fingers in, didn't you?
 Like in a magic set and stuff.
 Yeah.
 And then it looks like you're going to chop them off and you don't actually chop them off.
 Yeah.
 Imagine if one in every ten gilletines was one of those and so it means that some people
 get away from their crimes.
 Like the opposite.
 On real gilletines.
 Yeah.
 That was really nice.
 Russian reprieve.
 Yeah.
 There was another reason for having miniature furniture that sometimes wasn't to show
 off your furniture and that was if it was practice furniture.
 So this is something if you're an antique dealer, you get good at distinguishing the proper
 miniatures from the apprentice pieces, so you can also buy them.
 And it's if you're auditioning an apprentice and then the craftsman would give the apprentice
 a really cheap, crappy piece of wood and say, "Make something awesome out of this."
 Completely understand.
 When you said practice furniture, I thought it was something you practiced sitting on.
 Oh, you got your real chair.
 You can't contrast it with a real chair.
 It's a cotton wool one.
 Would those apprentice pieces go out on the road as well?
 No.
 Ah, okay.
 No, they're just for the workshop.
 And then it kind of stopped, didn't it?
 Once we got photos, people just said round castle looks.
 Although you still get people selling things dorset, don't you?
 In 2010, in the UK, the dorset, dorset sales sector was officially valued at 4.7 billion
 a year in the UK, and that's only the legitimate things because people are obviously selling
 other things dorset, and in 2012, the number of complaints about dodgy dorset sales hit
 a record high with 35,000 complaints made, so people are still doing this all the time.
 I didn't know that you are technically a peddler, P-E-D-L-A-R.
 I didn't know that peddler was still a trade as in it's still properly termed, but you need
 a peddler's license to peddle.
 Because it's such an old fashioned term.
 Exactly, yeah.
 But you go to your local police authority and you tell them who you are, and you have to
 have lived in the area for a little while, I think, and it costs £12.25 to get a year's
 license peddling.
 Does it?
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 It just shows, like, obviously, what a common profession it was.
 How many synonyms there are for this job, so you could be a monger, obviously, and you could
 be a solicitor.
 That was an old word for it.
 It was a lawyer.
 A cost of monger.
 You don't want to confuse those, though.
 I don't.
 My solicitor will be here in a minute.
 I'll be back soon with a load of dishcloths.
 (LAUGHTER)
 The tiny little judges chair.
 Yeah.
 Just to see what you're saying before monger, like, because obviously you have fish mongers
 and cuss mongers and all that kind of stuff.
 Would they dot-dot things, or is that just a seller of things, or what?
 I think it was a seller of things, but then it would often, like you say, the mongers coming
 down the street now.
 Cool.
 I've never heard it on its own without some kind of noun before it.
 No.
 Well, you don't mong nothing.
 So that's why it's often proceeded with the thing you're monging.
 What do you do if you sell mong beans?
 (LAUGHTER)
 A mong monger.
 A mong monger.
 A monger.
 Oh, that mong monger's a real monger.
 (LAUGHTER)
 But yeah, you had, so in the, in the olden days, there are some peddlers that you don't
 have as much today.
 You had the tooth puller, and that was quite common.
 You'd have the tooth pullers who'd come around and bang on your door to pull your teeth
 out.
 Okay.
 Or wouldn't get off the horse.
 Would they tie your tooth to the door?
 Well, that's what you do, wouldn't you?
 You would tie your tooth to the door, and then when they open the door, they pull your
 tooth out.
 (LAUGHTER)
 You don't have to pay them anymore.
 (LAUGHTER)
 So you don't open the door until they've said who they are.
 They say it's the tooth puller, and you go, "Hang on a sec."
 (LAUGHTER)
 I think they tied it to the horse, because it just, it's just a specific that they don't
 get off their horse.
 It's quite a lot.
 So I imagine maybe they tie it to the reins of the horse and gallop away, or something?
 No.
 Come on.
 And then it's like galloping off of you still attached to it, like you're a just married
 car or something.
 (LAUGHTER)
 It's not as wobbly as I thought.
 (LAUGHTER)
 The tooth pullers, as well as being tooth pullers, were often travelling dentists.
 And you can also get some of the dentist kits, so they would have a whole selection of teeth.
 And because it was the 19th century, the teeth would be graded from sort of just light yellow
 to very dark, brownish, black.
 And they'd come to replace your teeth, so they'd open their briefcase and be like, "Hey,
 which do you want?"
 And you'd say, "Oh, that nice yellow one."
 And they'd say, "Mmm, I think, maybe more."
 Maybe she looks colour-chart, but...
 Yeah.
 Well, all the colours are just...
 (LAUGHTER)
 So, one famous travelling salesman of history was Jeremy Clarkson's dad, and he was
 famous, was he?
 Well, he is now, I would say, as the father of Jeremy Clarkson.
 Okay.
 But Jeremy Clarkson's dad, in fact, I think his parents, they specialised in selling teacosies.
 Didn't they sell Paddington Bear or something?
 Yeah, they did.
 And Jeremy Clarkson's first job was going door to door, so...
 This Paddington Bear!
 (LAUGHTER)
 Exactly that.
 He was a travelling salesman, selling Paddington Bear.
 And teacosies.
 What do we have combination of things to be selling?
 I know.
 Do they have a range of stuff in between Paddington Bear and teacosies?
 There are sources on the line that say condoms, but that seems like such a strange third element
 to add to the mix.
 Well, all these says to me is they must have been woolen cognomps.
 Yeah.
 A teacosie for some people is a condom for others.
 (LAUGHTER)
 It was the slogan on their van.
 (LAUGHTER)
 I can't believe that you would have a firm selling teacosies Paddington Bear or condoms,
 because it's two...
 One of them is too sexy.
 Yeah.
 Smaller condoms.
 (LAUGHTER)
 Some stuff on small things, very quickly.
 Oh, yeah.
 So, this year, in fact last year, there was the world's biggest ever historical tabletop
 war game.
 Cool.
 So, do you know what I mean by that, because then you look confused.
 Yeah, so...
 I don't think either of them knows, because they both said the word cool after what you said.
 So...
 Was it recreating a real battle?
 It's recreating a real battle with little soldiers.
 It's kind of like poor hammer, basically.
 Like that, not with orcs, with actual people.
 Boring.
 (LAUGHTER)
 So, there was more than 20,000 miniature soldiers, and it was at the University of Glasgow and
 they replayed the Battle of Waterloo on a 192 square metre historical map.
 And it took them a year to paint all the soldiers, this group of over 100 people.
 They'd been investigating the archaeology of the Waterloo Battlefield since 2015.
 Wow.
 And then they did this game.
 And there were 4,000 casualties in the battle, and the Allies won.
 Because it wasn't definite.
 They were going to do it properly, like a proper game, and it could have been that Napoleon
 would have won it.
 Oh.
 But the Allies won.
 And at one stage, the Duke of Wellington in the battle had a traffic cone on his head.
 (LAUGHTER)
 Because in Glasgow, which is where it was, famously, there's a statue there where they
 always put a traffic cone on them.
 That's so funny.
 That's so cool.
 Yeah, although that bit not historically accurate, right?
 Oh.
 I'm not sure they even had traffic cones.
 No.
 They've misread tricorn.
 It's been misplaced.
 They've come right on the way.
 (LAUGHTER)
 And do you know who invented, sorry, just while I'm on the subject.
 Do you know who invented the first set of rules for playing with toy soldiers?
 Ooh.
 Is there someone we would have heard of?
 Yes.
 Jeremy Clarkson's dad, isn't it?
 It's not, though.
 It's his mum.
 No, it's not.
 He's the novelist H.G. Wells.
 What?
 He did that yet.
 In 1913, he wrote a book called Little Wars, which had the first ever set of rules for
 playing with toy soldiers.
 And the full title of the book was Little Wars, a game for boys from 12 years of age to 150.
 And for that more intelligent sort of girl who likes boys, games and books.
 (LAUGHTER)
 I've never met such a woman.
 OK, it is time for fact number two, and that is Andy.
 My fact is, that female grizzly bears can get half pregnant.
 Mm-hmm.
 Mm-hmm.
 Intriguing.
 What does that mean?
 It means they get pregnant, or they are fertilised, they're exorfertilised by a male during
 mating.
 And then they don't do anything about it.
 Several months.
 OK.
 Lazy.
 The egg is fertilised, and it turns into this tiny bundle of cells called a blastocyst.
 And that's normal.
 We have those, too.
 But in almost all mammals, that then develops into an embryo.
 But in bears, it just floats around in their uterus, doing absolutely nothing for months
 on end.
 And then the bears put on weight for winter, because they need to hibernate.
 They see how much weight they gain.
 And if they're up to the right level of body fat by the autumn, if they're 24% body fat,
 they will go to their den for winter, and the blastocyst will implant into the wall of
 their womb, and then it will develop into a cub.
 But if they're not, it just gets reabsorbed into the body of the female.
 Right.
 So they have this weird internal barometer of how well they're doing in terms of putting
 on weight for winter.
 Oh, my God.
 Have you seen the pictures?
 Are these specific pictures actually published by Katmai National Park in Alaska?
 Is it Katmai?
 K-A-T-M-A-I?
 That's how I would pronounce it, but we've never pronounced anything right on this show,
 so don't break a tradition there.
 So there are photos published by this National Park in Alaska, where the public votes every
 year on which bear wins the fastest, the best fattening bear, and you have to check it out,
 because they have these photos on their site of every bear in their National Park.
 And if you move this slider along the pictures, you can see the before and after, and it's
 only in the course of two months, and it is incredible.
 That's so cool.
 And it's like the opposite of fat shaming, isn't it?
 Exactly.
 Yeah.
 It's like they're going to a weight watchers meeting every week, and they've put on an extra
 free stone, and they're just getting applauded.
 And it is a huge amount they eat, and a huge amount they put on, so it's called Hyperfagia,
 wouldn't they just eat constantly for a while, and they gain about two stone per week.
 And so it's really fun to do.
 I spent most of my research scrolling back and forth in these photos.
 Yeah.
 It's interesting, with pregnancy and bears, I was reading about it zoos in America, polar bears,
 the polar bears that they have there, they don't know how to tell if they're pregnant.
 It's really hard to tell if a bear is pregnant, because they often have pseudo pregnancy,
 so it looks like they're pregnant.
 They have the hormones that show up in labs that say they're pregnant, but they're not.
 It just, it matches the same thing.
 So do you know how they find out if they have a pregnant polar bear?
 Oh no.
 But they just wait and see if a baby comes out. They often do, but that's not useful for them,
 because when it comes out, if none come out, then they're like, damn it, we need our breeding
 program to be better.
 Okay.
 They put them in a CT scanner.
 No.
 Oh, wouldn't that be exciting to see?
 They take some urine samples and they get, no, because he said the hormones is the same.
 Yeah.
 They squeeze, they run in very quickly, and they squeeze the middle of the bear, and then
 they run out before it tears them into.
 No.
 No.
 They send their poo to a dog called Elvis.
 Now, who's poo?
 They're the polar bears.
 All right.
 Okay.
 What?
 They send the poo to this dog called Elvis, who has a 90% rate of saying whether or not
 they're pregnant or not.
 I can't believe with every time.
 I know.
 What?
 Yeah.
 So this...
 How do they...
 They try to find out that Elvis can do that.
 They train this dog, Elvis, with another dog, and they kept, they gave them 200 samples to
 see whether they could break down.
 So there's more than 2,000 proteins in polar bear fecal samples, five are consistent with pregnancy,
 and that's what he was smelling out.
 And 90 has a 90...
 It's just one dog.
 This is not what the dog can do.
 The other dog just guessed it at some points, just faked it, just went, "Yup."
 And because they needed a reward or whatever, so they kicked him out of the system.
 It is just Elvis that they send it to.
 Oh, my goodness.
 Yeah.
 But yeah, that's what they have to do.
 One dog is helping them out.
 Elvis.
 Well done, Elvis.
 Yeah, amazing.
 Here are a dog.
 Do you say in how most mammals don't do this thing?
 It was called embryonic diapos, isn't it?
 Rodants do, quite a few of them bears do, as we know.
 Armadillos do weasels, badges, and kangaroos all do.
 And some people think that maybe humans do on a small level.
 So there have been a few case studies where women have had in vitro fertilization and then
 found out that they were pregnant more than a month later, like maybe two months later
 or stuff like that.
 And they reckon it might be a very minor diapos that happens in humans, but still more research
 needed.
 It's a bit of a crap diapos, though, because it is only ever really a week or two weeks,
 maybe three.
 Whereas these bears can hold him for a year, can't they?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Do you guys want to hear something mental?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 But sheep blasterists, these little bundles of cells, into the uteruses of mice.
 Okay.
 Now sheep can't do this diapos thing, they just can't do it, and mice can do it.
 And when these sheep blasterists were inserted into mouse uteruses, they went into pause mode.
 The mice were able to pause the blasterists of a different speed, okay?
 I'm not surprised.
 Ben, I mean, why is this stressful?
 Stressful situation for a mouse.
 It's a difficult birth, isn't it?
 But then they were removed, these blasterists, okay, after the mice paused them, and then they
 were put back into sort of, you know, petri-dished, you know, fertilisation, whatever, sort of artificial
 thing with sheep, and they grew into normal lambs.
 Right.
 So they were not inside the sheep?
 They're not back in the sheep.
 They were, I think they were put back in the sheep or put back in the test tube or whatever.
 They were grown into, they grew into normal lambs, having been in a mouse's uterus.
 Wow.
 I think it's pretty tasteless that you won't differentiate between a test tube and a
 sheep mate.
 [laughter]
 Bears or pregnancy?
 Let's go bears.
 Bear?
 Some brown bears have oral sex.
 Oh, yeah, okay, okay.
 So this is, this is in a zoo in Croatia.
 It's been noticed.
 They're both males.
 Over 116 hours of observation, these two males did it 28 times in 116 hours, once every
 four hours, over several days, impressive.
 Oh, really?
 Yeah.
 Official study on the matter has said it might have been because they've been deprived of
 suckling, and that the provider may have found a substitute for teatsucking that also resulted
 in a letdown of substitute milk.
 Right.
 [laughter]
 Right.
 [laughter]
 Oh, what a weirdism.
 Wow.
 For that process.
 Be a ward for the most disturbing factor of the year.
 [laughter]
 Good.
 Do you suffer from premature letdown of substitute milk?
 [laughter]
 I think that was presented in a safer work away as I could manage it.
 Oh, it was very good.
 Yeah, you did well.
 Well, maybe humans could learn from that, because...
 Maybe you should be taking lessons from that.
 This is why you're milk peddling.
 [laughter]
 I'm sorry.
 Don't have any of the milk.
 Will you take my substitute?
 [laughter]
 So we can learn some stuff from bears, though, if not that.
 We can learn a lot from their hibernation period, right, or their topper that they go into,
 so they are enormously fat, as we've said, when they'll go into this topper, and they'll
 dig their dens, and they'll just lie there, and they don't get...
 So there's lots of stuff that we think we should look into to find out why they don't
 get, for instance, muscle and bone deterioration.
 So if people are in hospital, let's say you're in a coma, or you're confined to hospital
 for months on end, you get terrible muscle wastage and bone wastage, and you get bedsoars,
 and they don't really get any of that.
 And also, they remain quite alert.
 So I think when animals properly hibernate, then you really can't wait them up.
 This is a good thing to be aware of with grizzly bears, actually.
 They will wake up as soon as you go anywhere near them, if they're in hibernation, and they
 can suddenly snap out of it and go for you.
 So I think people were studying grizzly bears, and they said, "I'm just thinking that
 the worst way that a grizzly bear can go for you is if it's not been suckly very well."
 They'll go for any part of you that's nearest, to be honest, but they did a...
 Oh my god.
 Well, no, just imagine that scenario happening.
 You've got your life, but you've got to walk back to camp, and they say, "How did you survive?
 You won't believe this, guys.
 I just got sucked out by a grizzly bear."
 Oh my god.
 I took 12 hours, 28 times.
 Poor thing, wanted to go back to sleep.
 Oh my god.
 Disgusting.
 Oh my god.
 I've got Disgusting Bear Story, just a match for Disgusting Bear Story.
 I found this really odd account from the 1700s, so there was a clergyman from court
 called Arthur O'Leary.
 And he was in Northern France, and he saw a dancing bear.
 And this was an incredible dancing bear.
 Everyone was talking about how amazing it was.
 It could sort of count in numbers by putting its paw on the ground.
 It would nod to gentleman.
 It just did all these sort of really graceful things, and this guy was thinking, "How is
 this possible?"
 Then the giveaway happened when the bear suddenly yelled out, "The devil take him.
 The guy has me persecuted."
 And it turned out what happened, and he yelled that in Irish, so this guy understood
 because he was from court.
 It turns out that a man had been washed up in France, and sewn into a bear suit of a real
 bear, and was made to perform, and was stuck inside, and that was his moment to get out.
 I don't know if he knew an Irishman was there, who'd understand his language, but yeah.
 This is the call from the mid-1980s.
 Yeah, this is amazing.
 Why did he wait so long to do it?
 Even if you don't understand Irish, you know if you're a human voice coming out of a bear
 that's something weird going on.
 Oh, it's just, you know, it was a dancing bear.
 They thought this was a very talented bear.
 But if you're spelling stuff out on the ground, you could spell out help.
 I am an Irishman.
 You're washed up on the beat, but you're, I mean, if you're French, you might not speak Irish.
 That's true.
 I guess my point is, I still don't think Irish sounded to French people like the growl
 of a bear.
 Yeah, I think if he just shouted something.
 Yeah, you probably pick up words from the people around you.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Bonjour!
 Bonjour!
 That is quite a story.
 It's bizarre, which I do not believe.
 Yeah.
 Neither do I.
 It's out there.
 Really good.
 And so just one or two things on pregnancy, maybe?
 Oh, yeah, cool.
 Um, do you guys think it's possible to get pregnant via a bullet?
 Um, there is.
 I've heard that, but it must be a myth.
 So there's a Civil War article, just out of the Civil War, American medical journal.
 There was a proper entry from a doctor called, um, Legand Capers.
 And he had been... Sorry, he was called Legand Capers.
 Oh, yeah.
 I guess he was.
 Legand got a weird name.
 He was treating a soldier.
 Yeah.
 He was a soldier who'd been shot in the Civil War, in a skirmish.
 And his testicle had been shot off, very, very painful, obviously.
 The doctor treated him as quickly as possible, dressed the wound.
 And then was immediately approached by a woman who said, oh, my daughter has been very badly
 wounded.
 A stray bullet had hit her in the abdominal cavity, right?
 Unfortunately, he didn't have time to treat her properly and the army was fleeing.
 So he left seven months later he returned and the woman was very heavily pregnant.
 Wow.
 The baby was born a little while later and the doctor observed that after the baby boy was
 born, inside the testicles of the baby boy was a bullet.
 Oh, man.
 What?
 This has, like, a pen and teller.
 What is it?
 And it was written the name of the very doctor.
 It was a hoax article.
 That's how the legend kind of entered the street, that's the first example of that story.
 Right.
 That is.
 I can't remember who made it up now.
 I was too involved in the story.
 The doctor, Legged, Legged, Legged and his capers.
 OK, it is time for fact number three and that is James.
 OK, my fact is that when the vandal sacked Rome in 455 AD, they agreed that they would just
 take the money and not damage any of the property.
 Sorry, funny.
 So.
 The vandal.
 Well, this is what I'm trying to do.
 I'm trying to rescue the reputation of the vandals.
 OK.
 And it is a little bit controversial because it obviously happened a long, long time ago and
 a lot of people who were writing about it were Roman, who wanted to say bad things about
 the vandals, but it does seem that the reputation that we have given the vandals for being vandals
 might not be fair.
 And actually, during this sack of Rome, they'd done a deal with Leo I, who was the Pope at
 the time.
 And he said, OK, you can come here because obviously we can't really defend ourselves, so you
 can come over.
 If you do, please leave all of our churches and all of our buildings intact, we'll give
 you the money, we'll give you the jewels, we'll give you the gold and silver, but please
 don't do that.
 And it seems for the most part, although there was a few deaths and they did take a few
 people as slaves.
 For the most part, as far as pre-medieval sacks go, this was actually not one of the worst
 ones.
 But they did steal shed loads, right?
 Why don't we just use vandalism to mean stealing all the stuff somewhere and kidnapping
 quite a few of the people?
 But we're just using vandalism to mean the wrong thing, the one thing they didn't do was smash
 anything up.
 Really convinced by James' thesis on this.
 I had no idea that the vandals were relatively nice guys, who they were all Christians.
 They were?
 Good Christian boys and girls.
 With it, they weren't nice.
 Well, they were good Christians, if you believe the other Christians who didn't believe
 the same Christian stuff as they believed in their Christian self, just got vandal stuff.
 That's not relevant.
 But they had been pushed out of their native lands by the Huns, and the vandals were just
 trying to get down to North Africa, which is where they settled and they took over Carthage.
 And Ibiza where they lived for 80 years, which I always think is quite a long car.
 But yeah, they eventually did move down and they lived in North Africa, and they were
 kind of happy there.
 But they were, because they had Carthage and they had a really good fleet, they were occasionally
 stealing from people and going on little forays and stuff.
 But then in Rome, there was also a dodgy stuff going on.
 So the Roman Emperor Valentinian III was murdered by Petronius Maximus, because they had a little
 bit of beef between them.
 And when Petronius Maximus took over, he forced Valentinians Widow to marry him and forced
 Valentinians daughter to marry his son.
 And Valentinians daughter was supposed to get married to the king of the vandals son.
 And so the king of the vandals said, well, you know what, if you're going to cancel that
 marriage, I'm going to cancel our deal.
 And I'm going to come over and I'm going to sack your city and that's what he did.
 And then Petronius tried to run away from the vandals, but he was stoned by his own people
 and thrown into the tibre.
 Nice.
 I think it's fair.
 I think it's completely fair.
 There was a deal.
 Petronius Maximus broke it.
 The vandals had every right to sack the city.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 It's very game of Thrones, isn't it?
 It really is.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 - It's not from the people they murdered.
 - Apart from the people they murdered and the temple they were dead.
 - It was literally just that they didn't break stuff.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 He was also the same Pope who talked supposedly,
 talked to Tilla the Hun out of actually coming to Rome at all.
 They sent him out, they knew Tilla was on the way,
 and he met up with them and he said,
 "Would you mind not coming?"
 And Tilla went, "Ah, okay."
 And went off, there's two times that he's responsible for.
 - Yeah, I'll give you some--
 - Don't feel like there's more to that story, isn't there?
 It feels like there must have been more to the conversation
 than that.
 - Yeah.
 - He's called a black male, a bribery.
 I think he came up and he said, "You okay, Hun?"
 (laughing)
 - He just burst into tears.
 I didn't want to hurt anyone.
 It's gone out of hand.
 - I didn't know about sacking.
 I don't know why he said sack places.
 Why you sack places.
 - Why do you sack places?
 - You put everything in sacks when you're running off.
 - Yes.
 - Is it?
 - Yeah, it's from, I looked this up in the OED,
 and it's from the Latin verb sacare,
 which means put it in a bag.
 - Nice, put it in a bag.
 - Yeah.
 - Nothing, not everything fits in the sack.
 - All right, all right, clever plugs.
 - Not just.
 - Yeah, I mean, they've got other things, right?
 - Maybe you've been using the miniature sacks
 that the old sacks have been using.
 (laughing)
 - And then being a vandal was actually a good thing
 for quite a while, okay?
 So people thought that the vandals were kind of cool,
 and a lot of royal families claimed dissent
 from the vandals.
 The Swedish and the Danish royal families, for instance,
 continue to do so until only about 30 years or so ago.
 - Wow.
 - But there was then a person called Henri Gregois,
 who was a Bishop of Bois.
 And he used, is that I pronounced that?
 - I pronounced that.
 (laughing)
 - He used the term in 1794 to describe the destruction
 of artwork following the French Revolution.
 And so that's when the word vandalism
 became to mean sort of wrecking things.
 - Really?
 - Yeah, he got obsessed with it, didn't he?
 - I read that there was no one to defend
 the good name of the vandals, because at the time,
 there wasn't a geographical region,
 which was claiming dissent from them.
 Well, certainly not in that bit of France anyway.
 - Yeah, no, hadn't been for some time.
 But I mean, because they were quite crap in the end,
 and they didn't last very long.
 And actually, they should be grateful for De Bluah,
 'cause otherwise we wouldn't remember them at all,
 I don't think.
 They pretty much lasted 100 years,
 sort of fanning around in Carthagin,
 bits of North Africa, and the Iberian Peninsula.
 - Very often.
 - Peace loving people.
 - They were not a peace loving people.
 - They were reasonably peace.
 - I read it account where they butchered people up
 into tiny little pieces of meat.
 - You were judging them by modern standards,
 which is not the way it works, okay?
 - That's fair enough.
 - They were all doing that in those days.
 - Exactly, thank you.
 - Do you know who their main eyes were?
 - No, no.
 - Who they were in coalition with was the Allens.
 It was the vandal for the Allens, yeah.
 So the vandal kingdom was actually the vandal
 than the Allen kingdom in.
 - One more thing about the vandal is that George III married
 Charlotte of Mecklenburg, Strelitz.
 And she claimed dissent from the vandals.
 She was one of those.
 So we briefly had a queen who was a vandal.
 And it was really trendy at the time.
 And so in the late 1700s, they were going to make
 a British colony in North America,
 which they were going to call Vandalia.
 And there are still places in America called Vandalia,
 including one city that was briefly the capital
 of Illinois.
 And sports teams from the University of Idaho
 are always called the vandals because of this trendy time
 when everyone was called vandals.
 - That's awesome.
 - It was really good.
 - Oh, they've left them mark.
 - Yeah.
 - Very odd way.
 Can I have one favorite vandal who was the last king.
 So the guy who snacked Rome was actually really good.
 He was geyseric and he was impressive.
 The last king was a guy called Gelemmer.
 And he spent his whole time running away from people
 who were trying to beat his armies and fleeing.
 And at one point, the only reason his life was saved was
 'cause it was always the Byzantins who were after him.
 At one point, the only reason his life was saved was
 because he was fleeing John the Armenian,
 who was ruler.
 - Where was he from?
 (all laughing)
 - So he's fleeing John the Armenian, who was gonna get him,
 but then poor John the Armenian ended up being accidentally
 killed by one of his own bodyguards who'd got pissed
 and was trying to shoot a bird with an arrow
 and accidentally got John instead.
 - Wow.
 - So Gelemmer escapes John.
 This is Gelemmer, Mr. Vandal.
 And he fled to Algeria and he didn't like Algeria
 because the diet was bad and they lived quite
 ascetic lives and he was used to luxury.
 So then the ruler of the Byzantins said,
 "Do you want a surrender then?
 "If you hate it there, surrender to me."
 And he sent a letter back saying,
 "No, I refused a surrender,
 "but please send me some bread, a sponge, and a liar."
 And he explained.
 (all laughing)
 - This is like a T-cosy or condom in a panning to men.
 (all laughing)
 - He was a distant ancestor of Clarkson.
 - When you say a lie,
 you don't mean someone who turns up saying,
 "I haven't brought a bread or a sponge."
 (all laughing)
 - What are you holding my idea back then?
 No, he said he wanted the bread to eat.
 He said he needed the sponge to wash his eyes
 'cause they were so swollen with tears
 'cause he was so unhappy.
 And he said he wanted the liar to play
 alongside a lament that he had composed
 about what a tough time he was having.
 And the leader of the Byzantins cried in sympathy
 and sent him all the stuff he wanted.
 - Oh, that's good.
 - Nice guy.
 - Now that is a peace-loving people,
 the Byzantine people.
 (all laughing)
 - Well, that was Rome, wasn't it?
 I didn't realize that Rome didn't really collapse
 until 1453 AD.
 But the Byzantines were the, is that the Eastern lot?
 And they called themselves the Romans.
 They did not see, they didn't say we are the Byzantine Empire
 and what a shame about Rome.
 They completely saw themselves
 as the continuation of the Roman Empire.
 They just happened to all be Christians
 and have moved with the times.
 - It's weird 'cause we called the Christians Romans
 for a bit.
 We just decided no, saw it.
 As in 'cause these guys have been Christians
 for a hundred years or so.
 - Yeah.
 - Everyone's calling everyone stupid things, are they?
 (all laughing)
 And everyone called everyone barbarians as well.
 So barbarian, the word barbarian comes from the Greeks
 used it to mean anyone who wasn't Greek, right.
 And they gave it the word because they thought
 that everyone who spoke something that wasn't Greek
 was just going, (imitating barbarian music)
 and so then the Romans called all of the Germanic tribes
 barbarians, but actually the Romans were barbarians as well,
 according to the Greeks.
 - Okay.
 - They were all barbarians.
 - The Greeks even called other Greeks barbarians.
 - Did they?
 - So it was just people who didn't want exactly like you,
 basically, was barbarian.
 And there's that weird folk etymology that it was,
 people who had bids.
 - It was barbarian.
 - It was barbarian, but I don't think that is true.
 - Okay, no.
 - All right, we're just on beards.
 So there was something like, I read that was about seven sacks
 of Rome over a different periods of time.
 And in 1527, there was one, but that's post,
 when you're saying Rome, the ancient Rome.
 - Yes, yes.
 - So, but it's still counted as Rome, I suppose.
 - Oh, it's still Rome.
 - It's still Rome.
 - It's still going into it.
 Congratulations, guys.
 - The city is still, is always Rome.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - Okay, good.
 - I hope, 'cause I'm going next week,
 so it's gonna be very awkward if it disappeared
 a thousand years ago.
 But so, 1527, it was sacked so bad.
 That was a really, really bad one.
 It was a sacks city.
 - Exactly.
 - Yeah, big sack.
 That's the Pope at the time, Clement VII,
 grew a beard in mourning.
 It was sort of a display of mourning.
 And he had it until his death in 1534,
 but he kickstarted a trend amongst posts to have beards.
 'Cause they didn't have beards up until that point.
 There were a few that had, but the idea is,
 if you were a man of God, that you had to be clean shaven.
 But it was seen, he was so loved, I think,
 that for 24 subsequent popes, they all had a beard.
 - Right.
 - Yeah, so he started a trend of beards in popes, that's great.
 - Oh my God, so this whole hipster beard trend,
 we keep thinking he is gonna end clearly by dance face.
 It doesn't seem like he is.
 This could go on for the length of 24 popes, range.
 - Yeah.
 - That's a long trend.
 - And if you want to be a man of God,
 then you can get your free trail set.
 - Just spawn.
 (laughs)
 - Okay, it is time for our final fact to the show,
 and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is a people who have died from laughing
 include a fifth century Greek artist
 who couldn't stop laughing at his own painting,
 and an Australian dog trainer who died after reading
 the price difference of some commodities in 1915
 as compared to 1920.
 (laughs)
 They're very funny price deals.
 - Is that yes?
 - Would the price gone down or up?
 - I think they'd gone up.
 - Has anyone looked at the price commodities
 from 1915?
 - I think you have.
 (laughs)
 - Well, I just about managed to survive.
 No, I did.
 It was during the war, wasn't it?
 So everything went up in price,
 including wheat that increased by over 50%
 to more than six times the pre-war rate.
 - What, by 1920?
 1915, that was.
 - Yeah, compared to 1920, though.
 - I didn't check that.
 - Jane, you've just,
 like, you've done a half the research here.
 No, one, do you haven't died laughing?
 (laughs)
 - That's the thing, it's dangerous, right?
 We know it to be dangerous, so.
 - Very risky.
 - There are lots of stories on there
 about people dying laughing,
 but there are a lot of them, a pinch of salt.
 A lot of them seem to have had underlying
 medical conditions.
 - Yes.
 - That would have been aggravated.
 - Absolutely, but they did go out still counts.
 - In the last.
 - So nice, yeah.
 - There's an ancient story about a seeer
 called Kalkas, who died after another seeer
 had predicted his death,
 and then the other seeer had been proved wrong.
 His prediction had been so wrong,
 and Kalkas laughed and laughed and laughed,
 and then died.
 That's proving the prediction right.
 Is it one of those bullet testicle baby stories?
 - I think a lot of these are, aren't they?
 - Yeah.
 - So, when you tell us the story of the Greek artist?
 - The Greek artist was called Zeusus.
 Z-E-U-X-I-S.
 - Zeusus.
 - Zeusus?
 - Like Zeusus.
 - Zeusus.
 - So the Greek artist is called Zeusus.
 - Phil century BC, was he from Manhattan?
 - Yeah, he was a Marx brother.
 He's Z-E-X-I-S.
 - He's Z-E-X-I-S.
 - He's coming around.
 - So he died laughing because he painted,
 'cause he heard you tried to pronounce his name.
 (laughing)
 He was painting the goddess Aphrodite.
 Aphrodite?
 Z-E-X-I-S and Aphrodite.
 And the old woman who commissioned it from him
 insisted that she be the model for the portrait.
 Which he thought was ridiculous.
 She didn't look like Aphrodite.
 So, he painted it.
 And I imagine it as he got to the end,
 final dab on the painting.
 He stood back.
 He thought this is so ridiculous
 that he went into laughter convulsions and died.
 Is the story that we, that we, to believe.
 - That's good.
 - Yeah.
 - When she got the painting for free,
 you just take it away, wouldn't you?
 - Yeah.
 - Roll it up.
 (laughing)
 - He's amazing those who exist.
 There's one story that's related by plenty of the elder,
 which is that he was,
 he basically got into an art battle
 with another massive painter of the time.
 - What was it called?
 - He was called Pahasius.
 So, Zwiexus and Pahasius decided to have an art off.
 And they arrived to this battle,
 both bringing the best painting that they could possibly do.
 So, Zwiexus pulls back his painting to reveal grapes.
 So he pulls a little sheet away, grapes are there.
 The grapes are said to be so real
 that birds fly down from the sky
 and start pecking at the painting.
 - Really?
 - Huge, huge deal is doing really well.
 Pahasius then says,
 "Okay, well let me unveil my painting,"
 which is behind these curtains,
 only to reveal that the curtains themselves
 are the painting so real.
 - Oh M.G. - Yeah.
 - Is an illusion.
 And he won.
 He beat Zwiexus.
 - Yeah.
 - I heard that Zwiexus was the one who was trying
 to push the cloth away.
 - Oh, right.
 - Pahasius is painting.
 - Okay.
 - And so he was like,
 "I'm going to show what yours looks like
 and he couldn't do it because it was painted on the..."
 - That makes sense.
 - That's astonishing.
 - There's another anecdote that says
 he drew a boy holding the grapes
 and the bird came down to try and peck the grapes,
 but he was really unhappy about that.
 Why might that be?
 - Who Zwiexus was unhappy?
 - Yes.
 - Was he his painting?
 - No.
 He was unhappy with his own skill.
 - Because the bird wasn't scared of the boy?
 - Exactly.
 Yeah, so the grapes were good enough,
 but obviously the boy wasn't good enough
 'cause the birds weren't scared.
 I'm liking that.
 - You're embarrassing.
 - I can't.
 - There are a few more famous ancients who died laughing.
 So my favorite, which I think I read in Mary Bid's book,
 was the fact that two famous figures in ancient Greece
 were separately recorded as having died laughing
 after seeing a donkey eating figs and drinking wine.
 - Okay.
 - It's funny.
 - It's very funny.
 - It's ridiculous.
 It's obviously the same story that's been pitched
 by two people.
 So there's one of them, which is--
 - It could be one very funny donkey doing the rounds.
 - The greatest comedian of the third century BC.
 - You have a lovely donkey of death.
 - It could have been an Irishman in a donkey's seat.
 (laughing)
 - Just trying to say let me out.
 They didn't speak Irish in ancient Greece.
 So one was recorded by Valerius Maximus
 in the first century AD,
 but it was talking about Philharmon in the third century BC
 who had, so he was this master chap
 and his slave had put figs in the room with him
 and he watched a donkey start eating the figs
 and he was quite pissed off so he called his slave
 and said come here, chase that donkey away.
 I don't know why he couldn't get up
 and chase the donkey away himself.
 And the slave took a while to arrive.
 So by the time the slave had got there
 to chase the donkey away, all the figs had gone.
 So Philharmon said, well you might as well
 now give the donkey some wine.
 (laughing)
 'Cause he had a joke about how--
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - And then he found himself so hilarious
 that he laughed, that he died apparently
 crushing his feeble windpipe with his own panting.
 And then-- - What?
 - Can I just say, so he was laughing at his own joke?
 - Yeah, absolutely, yeah.
 - He was a funny guy.
 And then exactly the same thing is told about the stoic
 for lots of a chrysopus.
 Apparently he died laughing at the very similar joke
 that he told when a donkey was quoting his figs.
 - Yeah, maybe it was just the classic funny thing
 and that doesn't quite translate these days.
 - It can't do, there must be something we're missing.
 - Well, or it's like exactly what Anna says,
 it's just one story.
 (laughing)
 - I think it's very funny, it's a funny joke.
 - Someone else who supposedly died laughing
 was Anthony Trollop, and he was supposedly reading
 a book called "Vice Versa, a Lesson to Fathers"
 by F. Anstey, and he found a bin in it
 that was so funny that he died laughing.
 But what I found really interesting
 is that this is a really old book,
 but it's about a businessman who finds an Indian magic stone
 and swaps body with his young son.
 He's basically freaky Friday.
 - Wow, that's great.
 - Big, all these movies, it's been going on 30.
 - Yeah.
 - My, as yet, unpicked up screenplay, "The Wrong Tree,"
 which is a dog body swap comedy.
 - Or does he swap with a tree?
 - No, two dogs swap with each other.
 - All right.
 - But one of them is a big scary dog
 and one of them is a small lap dog.
 - Why is it the wrong tree?
 - 'Cause they've both been, 'cause this is a magic tree,
 which they're both running round.
 - God, I thought this was a joke,
 but actually it's becoming apparent
 that you've actually got this.
 - No, no, I want to jump in and say,
 let's not indulge it,
 'cause it's can go on for half an hour.
 It's really detailed.
 - I've got the copy right,
 just to make that very, very clear.
 - What about two grizzly bears who swap bodies
 with each other?
 (laughing)
 - What, what was the mechanism by me?
 (laughing)
 - I got more recent one that's happened, 1988.
 Someone passed away from laughing
 while they were watching a fish called Wanda.
 And they were watching a scene. - Funny film.
 - Yeah, funny film. - Yeah.
 They were watching a scene where Michael Palin
 get some french fries stuffed up his nose.
 So Michael Palin through a bit of comedy
 led to someone's death.
 And what is amazing about that is in the very first episode
 of Monty Python, Palin was part of the team
 that wrote about the funniest joke ever
 that was used in war.
 And it kind of life-imitated art there, really.
 - On QI, the TV show that we all work for.
 Someone wrote to us, probably about 10 years ago,
 maybe longer, I think it's before all you guys,
 all you two started and when Dan was still there.
 And they said that their father was watching QI
 and died laughing.
 - No. - Yeah.
 - And it was obviously said that the father had died,
 but actually he really loved the show
 and it was a fitting thing to happen.
 - Do we know which moment?
 Was it where the apocalypse is?
 - So they're not specifying?
 - No, it was before that.
 I think it was when we brought a donkey on
 in theettes of things.
 (laughing)
 - It was either the D series or the F series,
 apparently none of that.
 But yeah, that's, that happened.
 - That's very cool.
 - How nice that he wrote in to say that as well.
 - But laughing was often seen as not a good thing
 to be doing.
 So there are lots of people who prescribed against it.
 There was a 16th century doctor called La Joubert
 who described laughter as quite a dangerous thing
 'cause it could bring on fits and fainting and stuff.
 And he described it as laughter.
 He defined as sparkling of eyes,
 redness of face, sweat coming out of the entire body.
 If the use of tears, rising of veins
 and emptying of bowels and bladder.
 (laughing)
 - Wow, that's why it's so dangerous
 taking a cleaning job at Drongless.
 'Cause people emptied their bowels and bladder
 with their laughter.
 - Is that a comedy club?
 - Yes, it's a comedy club.
 - Sorry, that was really funny,
 but I was just trying to hold control of my bowels and bladder.
 (laughing)
 - Supposedly Newton never laughed.
 There's a story that says that he only laughed once
 in his life when he was asked,
 what is the point of studying Euclid?
 - It's classic.
 - That is a funny one.
 - And someone who doesn't laugh is called an age elast.
 - Not really.
 - I love the word gelastic laughing related.
 So I think there are people who have sort of
 gelastic seizures where they can't prevent themselves
 laughing even if the occasion doesn't call for it
 or if it's very inappropriate.
 - That's right.
 And someone who's a misal gelast is someone
 who hates laughter.
 - Is that so?
 - Gets really annoyed but gets irritated by it.
 - It was also someone who loves that Japanese soup.
 (laughing)
 - I have a study, another study on laughter,
 which found that the best way to make a baby laugh.
 - Oh yeah.
 - Yeah.
 - And this works, baby's between about six months and two years.
 - Should we guess?
 - Yeah.
 - Did they, are they ticklish?
 - Oh, okay.
 So this is normal comedy club rules that you can't tickle
 the audience.
 (laughing)
 - And not used to do that, even if tickles.
 - Okay, so is it, yeah, done.
 Did you say peekaboo?
 - Peekaboo, but I have a son so I've tested.
 - Yeah, I'm making life.
 - Have you tested the other methods?
 - Okay, so scientists measured what made babies laugh
 and they tried four methods, one of which was peekaboo.
 One of which, putting a cup on your head.
 - Okay, I've done that.
 - That is funny.
 - That is really funny.
 - James is doing it now, and I'm laughing.
 - And I'm now just wondering how flat James's head must be.
 - Still sitting there.
 - I don't think I can really talk properly.
 - Oh, okay, keep it there, keep it there.
 So one of them is putting a cup on your head.
 One of them is pretending a toy animal
 is making the wrong noise.
 Have you tried that?
 Taking a toy cat and going, no.
 Okay, that's worth trying.
 And then the last one is apparently stuffing your mouth
 with material, just like filling your mouth with cloth.
 - Okay, apparently there are five categories
 of action type laughter.
 So there are categories of verbal laughter,
 like types of joke that make you laugh.
 And then things you can do to make someone laugh.
 This I should specify is according to this 16th century
 doctor, called Lauren Zubat, who had disapproved of laughter.
 But he said, laughter is divided into five categories.
 Category number one is exposure of the genitals.
 (laughing)
 - One whole category.
 - Can it, it's an old faithful Louis C. K. Rides again.
 (laughing)
 - Category number two, a separate category,
 exposure of the arse.
 Different, different kind of humor altogether.
 - It is different.
 - Category number three is a pratful,
 which is falling on the arse.
 And then there are two more which are unrelated.
 Misapprehension of taste, so mistaking something
 that smells really bad for something
 that smells really good.
 - And stuffing your mouth full of cloth.
 (laughing)
 - That's correct.
 I just love that.
 Drop moaning someone and showing your testicles
 or founding two completely different categories of comedy.
 (laughing)
 - They hated the category one stuff tonight,
 but they really went for the category two.
 (laughing)
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we have said over the course
 of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland, James.
 - @JamesHarkin.
 - Andy @AndreyHunderer.
 - And Chazinsky, you can email podcasts@ky.com.
 - Yep, or you can go to our group account,
 which is @nosuchthing, or you can go to our website.
 Nosuchthing is a fish.com.
 All of our previous episodes are up there.
 Have a listen.
 We'll be back again next week with another episode.
 We'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 [MUSIC]
