 Hi everybody, Anna and Andy here. We have a little bit of exciting news for you before
 this week's show starts.
 Yes, we do. We are actually doing two live shows in the very near future. Very excited
 about both of them. So one of them is on the 7th of June and that's in Belgium.
 Yeah, it's lovely Belgium and it'll be even lovelier if you're at the Nerdland festival.
 This is run by long time friend of the podcast, Leven Skida. It's such a good festival. There's
 all sorts of amazing sciencey, nerdy, comedy, brilliant stuff there, including a show from
 us. We're going to be doing a show there on the 7th of June which is a Saturday and the
 whole festival is amazing. It's just an amazing weekend of wonderful things going on. It's
 so much fun. We highly recommend it if you haven't been already.
 We really do. So book yourself a trip there now and then book yourself a trip to Sheffield
 for the Crossed Wires Festival that's on the 6th of July and again we'll be performing
 there on the Sunday and to get tickets for either of these events you can go to knowsuchthingsofish.com.
 That's right. So do that now. Just do that now. Yeah. Do it. Do it now. knowsuchthingsofish.com
 and as I already said it, you know the address. It's the same as the show name. It's always
 the same. For God's sake, why do we keep saying it? Yeah. Alright, see you at those shows.
 On with the podcast. On with the show.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of knowsuchthingsofish, a weekly podcast coming to you from the
 QI offices in Hoburn. My name is Dan Schreiber. I am sitting here with Anna Tyshinski, James
 Harkin and Andrew Hunter Murray. And once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days. And in no particular order, here
 we go. Starting with fact number one, that is Andy. My fact is that Venice's most famous
 bridge was built by a man named Antonio the Bridge. What's it? What's it? Yes. What's
 it? What's it? Is it Rialto? It's the Rialto Bridge, which is the biggie. Yeah. It's not
 the biggest, but it is the famous one, most venerable. And the builder was Antonio D'Aponte,
 which certain members of this podcast have pointed out might mean Antonio Orville from
 the bridge. It just doesn't mean Antonio the Bridge. Lame. Lame. Can't a fellow have a little
 flair on this podcast. We don't want to alienate the Italian listeners. Well, this was sent
 in by Marco Batuzzo as originally wanted. So I think he will be pretty alienated by you
 now. So thanks to Marco for sending us in. This is about Venice. La Serenissima, you know.
 City of canals. That doesn't sound very sexy, does it? Queen of the Adriatic. That sounds
 sexy. Yeah. The floating city. Yes. Scondolas. It smells quite like shit. Does it? For a
 lot of the year. Really? Yeah. Have you guys been to Venice? Yeah. Lots of pigeons, I seem
 to remember. There was in St. Mark's Square, is it? Pigeon St. Mark's Square. But yeah,
 for a lot of the year, the effluence sort of backs up and it does smell pretty whiffy.
 You and I should take charge of their tourist industry. You could really stole a lot of
 their properties. They're trying to put people off, aren't they? Yeah. Anyway, Antonio D'Aponte
 designed the Rialto and this actually gets to another fact. I've been trying to smuggle
 into this podcast for some months now, which is the Canaletto, the man most famous for
 painting all the canals in Venice, was born Giovanni Canal, John Canal was his name and
 then he painted canals for a living. And these guys didn't think that was a good fact. I
 think it's a good fact. I just thought he was more well known than Antonio off the
 bridge. Yeah, true. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's weird that we don't seem to know much
 about Mr. Bridge. We know his nephew had nepotism on his side because he built a bridge himself.
 This was the bridge of size. Oh, that's the second most famous one in Venice. We'll get
 back to your bridge, Andy, but that bridge was called that because it was the last site
 that prisoners would see before they would then put into a building. So the idea was
 the sigh would be, oh, this is it. Supposedly... What a shit bridge to end on. Supposedly Byron
 gave it the name, the bridge of size. Really? We don't know his nepotism. He might have
 just been a naturally good bridge builder like his uncle. Absolutely true. Can you tell
 us any more about Antonio or not? I've only got one thing about Antonio D'Aponte. So
 it was 1591. He's designing it. And there is a legend that he made a deal with the devil.
 Oh, is that true? It's one of those, is it? It's one of those. Wow. And the bridge would be a success,
 but in exchange, the devil would claim the soul of the first person who crossed the bridge.
 Actually, I would say that's quite a good deal for him because usually it's the person who designs
 it who has to give their soul away. Exactly, exactly that. And he tried to trick the devil
 by making a rooster walk over the bridge first. That never works. The devil sees through that
 kind of shit. The devil saw through it and then ensured that the first human to cross was D'Aponte's
 own wife. Uh-oh. Oh, he then died. He read it after the rooster. Do we know anything about her?
 No. Did she die? Did she die? She's not still alive. I mean, I don't think the story is...
 I don't think we need to... Not true. I don't think we need to dig into that story.
 There's quite a few legends about it, isn't there? So this was the fourth bridge that was
 built in this spot. It's not the fourth bridge. Is that an actual bridge? That's in Scotland.
 That's in Scotland, of course. So there were previous bridges and it was going to cost a lot,
 a lot of money. And there's a story that goes that a couple who were talking to the government
 who were financing it, they said, "This is an impossible feat. It's going to collapse. It's
 not going to work. If it happens, I, to God, let a nail grow out between my thighs," said the man.
 And the lady said, "Yes, and let a fire burn my vagina." And she said, "A fire should burn my
 nature." But that's what she was talking about. Now, if you look on the bridge, there are two
 facades where there is a lady with a fire in between her legs and there's a man with a sort
 of third leg that's coming out. And supposedly it's in connection to that legend. I think it is,
 isn't it? Yeah. Even though that probably didn't happen. But you know, it was a, like, screw you,
 middle finger to the people who said it would never happen. Because it took almost 100 years
 to be built from when it was promised. So the whole of Venice, it was a joke that no one was
 ever going to build it. So they did do that sculpture as a middle finger. But I feel like
 the man got off lightly because, A, he said, "Let a nail grow between my thighs." And it's not a
 nail, it's a leg. It's a leg. He got a third leg. So you just got a third leg. That's almost an asset.
 Well, I'm not sure. You wouldn't say no to a third leg, would you? I think I would, actually,
 because I think it's associated with certain entertainers from the 1970s that I wouldn't
 want to be associated with. Okay. Well, there's no good on that bridge. So can I ask the previous
 bridges? So this is the fourth one, the realtor, right? Yeah. Were they all wooden and burned down
 or something or what? A wolf came and huffed and huffed. They were kind of omitted. They were
 often replaced for reasons like we need to get ships along this bit of the lagoon or the lake
 or the canal or whatever. And actually, it's too tall. So one of the previous ones was the draw
 bridge. Oh, really? Great fun. But I think they wanted something a bit more permanent. So previous
 times that this bridge went down, one was it was burnt down as part of a revolt. And then the next
 time, the rebuilt one, which was in 1444, collapsed because a crowd of people were running to the
 marriage of the Marquis of Ferrara. And the weight couldn't take it. And so it just collapsed. Wow.
 Obviously the Marquis of it sounded like you were just clearing your throat at the double ARA.
 Ah, what famous thing about the bridges in Venice is they used to fight over them a lot,
 didn't they? And when I say fight over them, I mean, they were walking over them. It's mine! It's mine!
 It's mine! It was like families and they used to just have big old scraps over the bridges.
 Yeah, sounds like such a fun era. Yeah. It was a particular day. You'd go to a bridge on a day
 and there would be the day of fighting. You know what? I think it happened quite regularly.
 But yeah, like it would be an Easter thing or a special day of the year. It was just fistfights.
 Just fistfights. And they weren't really fighting over anything in particular. It wasn't like we
 want this bridge like Anna says. It was just like we want honour. So it'll make everyone in our family
 like us if we win this fight. Yeah, I think it was originally started with the two massive factions,
 which kind of split Venice, the Castellani, who were the shipbuilders and the sailors and the
 Niccolotti who were the fishermen. And you know, they just hated each other. So they came and
 they had some stick fights for a while. And then I think they decided to convert to fists.
 And it only ended in 1705. So it started in 14th century, happened all the time. Always a bridge
 you can find somewhere with a fight on it. And in 1705, when one fight got so big and so popular
 that the San Girolamo church somewhere else in the city caught fire and was going to burn down.
 And they relied on firemen volunteers to come and fix it. But all the firemen volunteers were
 watching this fight and refused. And so this amazing church burned down because these lazy
 firemen were too busy at the fight. You do wonder what happened in the past with it being fights
 between the shipbuilders and the fishermen. Because they must get together quite often for
 business, right? Oh, yeah, you're right. You want someone to build you a ship. Exactly. The fishermen
 depend on the shipbuilders. And the shipbuilders depend on the fishermen to buy their boats.
 Why are they alienating each other? It's not good business.
 That's just rivalry, isn't it? It's like us and the Big Bang Theory, you know? Like,
 we're all part of this great comedy world, but we're daggers drawn.
 Oh, yeah, they really care about us.
 With hindsight, I should have set off menu.
 Yeah, we say people who we've actually met and are still going.
 Dad, we won. We defeated the Big Bang Theory. So obvious. I was looking up other notable people
 from Venice. And specifically people whose names sounded like the thing that they did. Found an
 archaeologist called Iocomo Boni. Brilliant. Unfortunately, he was an archaeologist of
 Roman architecture, as opposed to finding bones. But he must have come across some bones when
 he was doing that stuff. He would have cleared some bones out the way, yeah. And that's the only one
 I found. That was really good. How long did that couple of days work?
 I actually lost a lot of time because Leonardo da Vinci is of Vinci. And I thought, okay,
 where is Antonio the bridge from? So I looked up bridge and there's a few places around the world
 called bridge, but none in Italy. And I thought, oh my God, so where is he from? Now, after about
 half an hour, I realized... You searched the word bridge, not ponte.
 So I've got a lot of facts about little villages called bridge around the UK.
 You didn't give us some of them, that's great. Well, there's one in Canterbury, near Canterbury,
 called bridge, population 1500. Its only cultural milestone for it is that it was once featured
 in a show called Robby the Car, in which bridges traffic congested roads were shown. That's the
 only popular cultural reference that it has ever had. And do we mean Robby the Car or Robby of the
 Car? Robby the Car. And don't fall for it. But ponte, there are lots of pantes, it turns out,
 when I re-googled it in Italy, but we also have a ponte in the UK. Ponte Pritt. We've got ponte
 Fract. Ponte Fract, which literally means broken bridge. Broken bridge. Yes, why does it mean that?
 I'm not talking about that. I stopped researching it, but it was... You'd gone off course at this point.
 Someone quite famous, there was a bridge that was broken and they rebuilt it. And so we got its
 name off the back of it a very long time ago. Nice. There we go. There's the detail you needed.
 I didn't know this, maybe it's very well known if you've been to Venice, but it's obviously in the
 middle of this lagoon. Do you know the average depth of the lagoon? It's going to be either 90
 centimetres or it's going to be too wild. I think it's really shallow. It's one meter,
 half fridge depth, one meter. Wow. And it varies quite a lot, but you have to, if you are in a
 boat, you really need to know the right route, otherwise you are going to get beach, but basically
 you could puddle across the time. Do people swim across? No, they don't. They really don't. And
 people say, you know, even foreigners are not recommended to boat across because you won't
 be able to navigate it. Because unlike the channel swim that people do, if you get tired,
 you drown, but in this one you could literally stand and just fake that you're still with the front
 floor. It's still going. That's how I swam till I was about 11 years old. When you were there,
 you've been there. I've been there a few times. Yeah, when I was very young. Did you go in the
 gondolas? Yeah. And did you have a maestro on board singing? Oh no. Because they don't sing,
 I believe, the gondolas. I always didn't. No. I think you have to. Actually, I was quite taciturn
 thinking about it. Right. Well, I think they are because they're really busy punting you along.
 It's really high effort. Like you'd have to be tailors. I was going to sing. Sing, damn it.
 They get a bit snippy when you ask them to sing. And I read an interview with a gondola who said,
 yes, we know if anyone sings just one connetto that they're British. But there are only about 430
 proper gondoliers in the city. The gondolas are a very specific kind of boat. And there are also
 the trageti, which are like bus gondolas, which go, there are more like ferries across waterways.
 I just remembered, I have been in a gondola where they were singing. Oh, really? Yeah. And they were
 singing, oh, so let me or not. Just one connetto. Just one connetto. Yeah. But the effect is the same.
 And that was in Las Vegas. Because there is like the, is it called the Venetian? Maybe it is.
 One of the hotels, they have like gondoliers on the outside. Yeah, yeah. They all lean a little
 bit to the right, don't they? The gondolas? The gondolas, yes. Politically, you mean? Yes,
 they're all very, very Republican. That's that. No, I don't know their political leanings,
 but their physical leanings to the right, every gondola is exactly 24 centimeters longer on its
 left hand side, so that the keel bends round to the right and it tilts a bit to the right.
 Why? It's because it's kind of like, if you imagine you're punting, but the gondoliers punt
 on one side, they row from the right side. And so if they were on the right side and it was straight,
 then it would keep veering to the left. Yeah, that's clever. That's clever. It's all wonky.
 We haven't even talked about the doge. Oh, that's the guy who ran it. Is it a charge?
 Yeah, or she, but mostly guys. Was there ever a female doge? I believe not. But the doge is
 they lasted for the Republic lasted a thousand years until Napoleon came along and just ended
 it like that. Yeah, we're sad. Do you know who was instrumental in the restoration of the doge
 palace? Iocomo Boni. Archaeologist, yeah. He was very much involved in that.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two, and that is my fact. My fact this week is that,
 for the last seven years, a science lab in Italy has continuously been looking for
 something that supposedly happens less than once every trillion trillion years. It's very cool.
 Is it you making the tea? What? I just, I thought one of us had to have come out
 with a joke in advance for that and none of us had. And I can see it hadn't happened.
 So that was a prepped joke as well. No, that was on the fly. I suddenly realized
 we should have prepped something. Got it. Guys, why didn't you prep anything?
 Yeah, what is this, Dan? This is the cryogenic underground observatory for rare events,
 also known as Cura, which is heart in the Italian language. Cool. It's a particle physics experiment.
 It's underground and it is trying to basically work out why it is that the universe is in the
 way it is. We are missing a lot of mass in the universe. Dark matter is not there. Scientists,
 it's one of the biggest problems. How can we not find it? I know this study. It's done by a guy
 called Giovanni Neutrino. I have a question, Dan. Yeah, yeah. If this only happens once every
 trillion trillion years, and they've been going for seven years, are they just hoping to get
 incredibly lucky? It's got to happen sometime, right? Even though we're living in a 14 billion
 year old universe. So what's the deal there? Are they trying to make it happen?
 What is the actual thing that they're looking for? What they're looking for is they're trying to work
 out whether or not neutrinos, which they're incredibly, incredibly tiny. There's a comparative
 which says that if an atom is the size of the solar system, the neutrino at the center is the
 size of a golf ball. So this is an extraordinarily... Oh, no, I'm interested.
 When radiation happens, isn't it right that neutrinos are created? When radioactive molecules
 decay? Yes. So I think basically what they're really excited about finding here is a decay that
 doesn't spit out neutrinos, right? Neutrino-less decay. So the idea is that when atoms decay,
 they spit out two electrons. Sometimes they spit out two electrons, two neutrinos,
 and scientists have gone for ages. We reckon that sometimes atoms decay, and the two neutrinos that
 would be spat out will actually erase each other, because one will be a neutrino, one will become
 an anti-neutrino, and nothing will be spat out. And this will answer all our questions about why
 there's so little antimatter in the universe. But I don't know if they found it yet.
 I think we would have heard if they had. No, they haven't found it yet.
 And the way that they can do it in seven years, or not do it yet in seven years,
 but they're hoping to do it sometime, is just they have a lot of stuff, right? So it would
 happen to an individual molecule once every trillion, trillion years. But if you've got a
 trillion, trillion molecules, then it'll happen every year. I understand. I mean...
 Oh, so it only happens less than once every trillion, trillion years to each molecule,
 kind of thing, right not ever in the universe. And so they're observing it in this incredible
 refrigerator that they've built. It's called the cryostat. And it basically...
 Would they keep milk in this refrigerator? You probably would know where milk is kept.
 Basically, the idea... Let's get back to the physics guys. So the refrigerator takes the
 temperature down to what is called 10 millikelvin, which is just barely above absolute zero.
 And the conditions are basically colder than the coldest spot of space. It went out to the
 coldest bit of the void of the space. This is colder. So it's a pretty amazing thing going on.
 It's amazing we can create the coldest spot in the universe.
 Yeah, it really is. And the other amazing thing about is about where this thing is,
 because if you're trying to study neutrinos, you want to avoid cosmic bombardment.
 Oh yeah. Because there's neutrinos going around all the time, right?
 Constantly. They're everywhere. So if you're looking for them, that's going to be tough,
 because they're everywhere. They're in you, they're in your cup of tea that Dan didn't make.
 They're everywhere. So you need to create an environment where they aren't.
 Exactly. And so what they do, they go beneath a mountain range, which helps.
 But another layer of protection they've got is, and this is something we've mentioned a few years
 ago, ancient Roman ingots of lead, which were found in a 2000 year old shipwreck. And they
 gained the permission to use these for science rather than putting them in a museum, I guess
 because they're 2000 year old lumps of lead, who cares. But they've been at the bottom of the
 ocean all this time, so they haven't absorbed any cosmic bombardment. So they're relatively clean.
 And that has been, they've been melted down and formed into a shield to protect these towers of
 fridge units, basically. Yeah. Crystals, which are making the place so cold. So it's surrounded by
 2000 year old Roman lead shield. It's a pile, isn't it? It's just under a mountain in Italy,
 like it's mad. It's James Bond stuff. It is. And it's the coldest cubic meter in the universe.
 Like that's just, that is the final cherry on the top. It's just nuts. And the Romans helped
 to build it as if they didn't take credit for everything else. I mean, neutrinos have been
 causing problems for scientists for a while, haven't they? Since we imagine they might exist,
 people tried to look for them for ages. And because they're so tiny and charge-less,
 and they don't interact with anything at all, they're almost totally undetectable. So I think
 Wolfgang Pauli in 1930, when he said, I think neutrinos must exist, immediately said,
 I've done a terrible thing. I have postulated a particle that cannot be detected. I felt really
 bad about it. But they did find it 26 years later. And this was two scientists called Rains and Cowan
 in 1956. Do you know what their original plan was for how to find a neutrino?
 Here, neutrino. Here, here, neutrino. It's a whistle. Yeah. What was happening in the 1950s?
 So there were some big experiments going on in America. Yeah, nuclear bombs. Yeah.
 They were like, let's set off a nuclear bomb since it's happening anyway. And they went to the US
 government and they said, do you mind if we set off a nuclear bomb about the same size as the one
 in Hiroshima? And then we'll plant a neutrino detector near it and it'll detect stuff. And
 that was what they were going to do. And it was only at the last minute they thought actually a
 nuclear reactor would be easier. They used that. Yeah, Pauli, by the way, was in Friend of the
 Podcast, the smartest ever photograph. He was one of those guys and he won a Nobel Prize a bit
 later for bombarding uranium with neutrons and creating two new elements called Ocenium and
 Hesperium. I mean, do you guys know those elements? Yeah. Oh, yeah. Well, they don't exist. It turns
 out that he'd made a huge mistake. And even though he won Nobel Prize for it, those two elements
 don't exist. Do they then take the Nobel Prize back? No, they didn't. Because all the work was
 very important, what he was doing, what he'd actually done. And the only found out this way
 later is that he'd actually split the atom. And what he'd made was not Ocenium and Hesperium,
 but it was a mixture of barium, krypton, and a load of other elements that he got from splitting
 the atom. Really? Yeah. It turned out he'd done something even more important. I love these stories.
 Turns out the atom was split by mistake. Someone was walking across the lab with a tray and they
 tried to cut some carrots in the kitchen. You know, so neutrinos are everywhere, as we've said.
 And they don't get, they don't change course. So they're good at being traced back. You can cut,
 if you can trace the direction of a neutrino, which is obviously very hard to do, you can just say,
 "Oh, look, it comes from that supernova over there." Because they're not affected by like gravity or
 anything like that. Like anything at all? They pass because they're so tiny. They pass through,
 if they, like if they put a hundred million, no, sorry, hang on one second. Oh, I can tell you
 how many. Okay, great. If you listen to the song "Bound for the Reload" by Oxide and Neutrino,
 the garage act. Brilliant song. I love it. Number one, with a casualty theme tune in the background.
 Exactly. Yeah. In the time it takes you to listen to that song, 2.27 quadrillion neutrinos will have
 passed through your body. Have you listened to that song? I've listened to half of it. Oh,
 so how many neutrinos passed through your body before you gave up? Only about a quadrillion,
 then I thought, you know what? It's not for me. But what's weird apparently is they're so tiny that
 as they're passing through you, they don't make contact with the neutrinos that they're in the
 atoms of your body. It only happens like once or twice in your lifetime. But if you threw a golf
 ball through the solar system, it wouldn't hit another. So is that astonishing? A neutrino could
 go through lead for a light year of distance and not hit a single atom on the way. Solid lead,
 crazy. It's just mad. It's just mad things. And there's an argument to say. What's the point
 in studying them? Because they don't interact with anything. They don't bother anyone. But
 they were really, really essential in one specific period. And that was the lepton epoch. So they're
 a type of lepton, just type of particle. Do you guys know how long the lepton epoch lasted? Again,
 it's either going to be an 18th of a millisecond or it's going to be five. I have a feeling it might
 have been less than an 18th of a millisecond. Was it at the very start of the universe? It was
 the start of the universe. It wasn't quite less than that. It lasted between one to 10 seconds
 after the Big Bang. That was their moment of glory. That's longer than you managed to get through
 that UK garage sun. Yeah, that was when they were important. It was just them hanging out,
 establishing the structure of the universe. It is crazy. So these guys are looking for
 neutrino-less double-beta decay, as very well explained earlier on. But do you know who discovered
 double-beta decay? Oh, gee. Oh. As in with all the neutrinos involved. Is it a friend of the podcast?
 No, it's not. It's someone called Maria Gerpert-Meyer. Maria Gerpert-Meyer was, she basically took 30
 years to become a professor because she was at school and then her school closed down because
 she was at school for girls and they just closed it. She was in Germany just before she was due
 to graduate. When was this? This was in the middle of the 20th century. She was born in 190 something.
 And she basically, yeah, it took her ages and ages to get a professorship because basically
 women couldn't really do it back then. And then three years after she got a professorship, she won
 a Nobel Prize. And of all the people who were linked with the Manhattan Project, there were 30 men
 who got Nobel Prizes and she was the only woman to get a Nobel Prize for the Manhattan Project.
 And she kind of came up with loads of ideas. One of them was something called spin orbit coupling.
 And it's the way that particles go around orbit in atoms and stuff. And the way that she did it is
 she knew Enrico Fermi. She was like one of these people who, when she had an idea, she would just
 talk and talk and talk and talk. And it was almost like an avalanche coming over you and telling you
 what was happening. And then Enrico's like, look, it's too much. I don't understand. It's too complicated.
 It's too many words. Just go away and think about it. And she came back and basically then started
 dancing the waltz with him. And then her whole theory from then on was that these little things
 move around the atom exactly the way that couples move when they're waltzing. And it means that
 the ones on the outside move a bit slower. The ones on the inside move a bit faster and they all kind
 of interact with each other in that way. Do you think it was that? Or did you just spend
 ages and ages studying it and then think, I've got to come up with some sort of romantic
 revelatory moment for Fermi. Maybe. Get on the dance floor. For the inevitable biopic.
 Yes. It kind of more felt like Fermi didn't really understand it. It was like, this is like the
 most advanced physics at the time and still is pretty advanced now. So it was her actually
 dumbing it down for him. I think so, yeah. Come on, Fermi. It's good that people were doing the waltz
 at the time. As in, you know, modern dancers don't really rely on that kind of. If you were bouncing
 to oxide a new tree, no. Just chaos. Yeah. We've never know. We've never discovered.
 Actually, on particle spin, this is something I don't think we've mentioned before, but it is
 amazing if people don't know it. The whole universe is left-handed. We're all on a massive gondola.
 So what does that mean? Which basically means that there are certain interactions,
 weak interactions involving this weak force, which is what radioactive decay involves,
 where all the neutrinos involved spin clockwise, which means they're left-handed and it's in lots
 of stuff. So all proteins that create life, the amino acids are lefty. So the amino acids
 that spin clockwise. Is there an advantage to it? Like with Teth Place? Oh, you think we're like the
 Nadal universe. Exactly. We don't know. About two-thirds of galaxies spin clockwise. We don't
 really know why. It's very, very weird. That principle of weak interactions is actually what
 the Big Bang Theory sitcom was based on. Suck it, Big Bang.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three, and that is Anna. My fact is that Siegfried Sassoon's great
 grandfather once owned half the opium in India and China. It's a lot of opium. It's so much opium.
 It was like a lot of stuff. All personal use? Yeah, definitely intent to supply,
 isn't it, when he's pulled over? He didn't bring it all over in his bum, though, did he?
 It wasn't stuffed up his anus, no. No, they were classier than that. I don't think it was that
 classy the opium was. Oh, look, don't twist my words, James, to make it sound like one of our
 lowest colonial moments. I think it was at low points of the British Empire, personally speaking.
 So what was it? Britain was owning and trading opium, like growing it in India and then selling
 it to China and basically getting China hooked on opium. Yes, exactly. Because it's for trade,
 for money. And then China said, please don't do that. And Britain said, all right, well, we're
 going to go to war then. Right. Because we're going to make this up. And they had a big old war.
 Then Britain said, well, we're going to keep Hong Kong. And so then we kept Hong Kong. And then
 Dan was born. That's the story. If you read my bio online, that's my origin story. Wow.
 Do you feel guilty? Do you feel partially responsible for the subjugation of China?
 Absolutely. It's why I don't make tea for anyone. I don't want to get any British tradition.
 That was a very good joke for anyone unfamiliar with the opium wars, because the whole point was
 China was exporting so much tea to us. And we needed to export something back to sort the
 trade deficit. And we found opium. Anyway, this assumes, were they responsible, weren't they?
 Well, complicit. Yes. So they were a massive Jewish Iraqi family originally in the 18th century,
 and much earlier. And there was this guy, Sheikh Sassoon Ben Salah, who was basically the treasurer
 to all the highest ranking politicians in Baghdad. He was like the treasurer of Baghdad.
 And then Jews started being persecuted very badly in Iraq in the early 1800s. And so the family
 fled. And this guy called David Sassoon, his son, fled to Bombay with, I think he had something like
 18 children, something like that. 14, 14 children, still quite a lot. So they got to Bombay, they
 were very successful. They traded lots of things. They allied with the British empire who were doing
 quite well in India back then, obviously. And it was around this time when the opium wars were
 happening. And Britain was realising how valuable opium was and how much money they could make
 trading with China. And the Sassoon's caught on to that. And they got so big, they literally owned
 half of the opium, which I actually don't know who owned the other half, but yeah.
 Some other company, I guess. So that means Siegfried basically is a nepo baby, right?
 Oh, 100%. Yeah. Yeah. Should we say who Siegfried Sassoon is?
 Oh, we should. Yeah. Because not everyone will have had the same British education.
 So Siegfried Sassoon, one of Britain's great war poets. First World War, he was in the First
 World War and he lived from 1886 to 1967. So he survived the war spoiler, but he wrote some
 cracking poems along the way. And yeah, he's a pretty famous name in the UK.
 He's huge. Definitely. We all have to study him at school. Yeah, exactly.
 And all the other war poets like Wilfred Owen and... Exactly. Yeah, yeah.
 If you think of a famous war poem and you wonder who it's by, it's always by Wilfred Owen.
 It is. Because Andy and I were talking before this about which Siegfried Sassoon poems we know.
 And everyone I listed, Andy was like, "No, that's Wilfred Owen. He did the biggies."
 Well, he was his mentor, wasn't he? They both met in a hospital that was looking after them,
 after they suffered some major shock from the war. And Wilfred Owen came up and said,
 "I write poetry as well. Would you have a look?" And he saw potential and he was a mentor to him.
 And then now he's eclipsed him. And then a bit later, they met Robert Graves,
 who was the other really, really big war poet. And we only recently found out where they met.
 We knew it was somewhere in Scotland, but we didn't know where. And the University of
 Aberdeen lecturer called Neil McLennan found out that it was actually at a place called
 Baberton Golf Club. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. The old James Google search. Insert word, insert golf.
 Siegfried Sassoon loved golf. It turned out, yeah.
 One of his poems called David Cleek Goes to Saint St. Angel's Hymn Forevermore,
 The Miracle of Yara Stounding Score. Not one of his best. Was this before or after
 his war poetry? Do we know? He probably had shell shock at this stage.
 Well, he was writing poetry from before the war. You know, he grew up very affluent,
 obviously. But he was already a poet. He sent a lot of early poems to Cricket magazine.
 Oh, yeah. Just to Cricket as magazine. And in the war, so the first three years of the war,
 when he got a commission as a lieutenant, he was extremely brave. He was recommended for
 the Victoria Cross at one point. He won, I think, the Military Cross. But he did nearly
 suicidal things to rescue wounded men who were left out in no man's land, things like that.
 Apparently, he single-handedly acquired a German trench.
 Yeah, crazy. And then he just sat there apparently reading poems. And then he came back.
 Well, Mad Jack was his name, right? Yeah, he was labelled that.
 I couldn't see the point in the German trench thing. And I probably should have looked. But
 basically, he acquired this trench, as you say. And he did it with...
 Captured. Yeah, drove away like 60 Germans so soon you were quiet.
 Anyway, my question is, when he got there, what was the point? Because then he went back to the
 trench. And I think all the Germans just came back into the trench that he scared them out of.
 And his commanding officers were very annoyed because a bit of an attack had had to be delayed
 or called off because they said, oh, there's this weird bulge in the line because Sassoon has done
 something extremely brave. And I think that's why he didn't win the Victoria Cross.
 Because like you say, he was nominated and it was for this thing that he was nominated,
 but he didn't win it. Actually, he did a quite pointless thing and jeopardised another operation.
 Incredibly brave. But he became very disillusioned with the war, as lots of soldiers did. And he
 wrote a letter saying that the war was being deliberately prolonged and really blaming the
 generals and politicians, the English generals and politicians, and that it was being conducted
 really badly. And I think some people suggested that he should be court-martialed.
 He certainly was meant to be court-martialed. He was meant to be court-martialed. But every time,
 yeah, he was so gung-ho that he took a bullet to the neck, but it missed the main artery,
 so he survived. He almost had his head blown off. I think his nihilism, when I was reading about it,
 I was thinking that he's so pissed off, isn't he? He's just gone, "Sod this. This is all meaningless
 now." Because a lot of his poems are like, "This is all meaningless." But he was basically, like we
 said, a Nepo baby. Because he got all this money from his aunt, called Rachel Beer, who had married
 well. I mean, it was a very rich family anyway, but she'd married this guy who was in charge of the
 Observer, Frederick Beer, and she'd taken over as editor, becoming the first female editor of a
 national newspaper when she did that. But she was a Nepo editor? She was a Nepo editor. How deep does
 this Nepo thing go? Well, it goes all the way back to David Sassoon, we've established. But yeah,
 she, and then she later purchased the Sunday Times, became editor of that as well.
 Which is mad. She edited those at the same time. Really? Opposite ends of the spectrum.
 Now they are. Like in those days, the Sunday Times was just like a pamphlet, really.
 But yeah, and then she and her husband, well, basically her husband started getting these
 headaches. I read one quote in the ODMB saying that, "It suddenly made this mild man irritable,
 or at times feverishly gay." And he basically went mad. He insisted that he would have the family
 crest clipped out of his black poodles back and walk around with it all the time. And it seems
 that he probably had syphilis. And then he died, and as soon as he died, Rachel got really distraught,
 but also started succumbing from syphilis. And she started writing articles in the Observer
 and the Sunday Times about how great cannibalism is and stuff like that. Oh, really? Right. And
 then she wrote one article in the Observer, which rambled on, rambled on. And then it just
 said, "Continued in the next." And then we never heard from her again. She was committed to a
 asylum. And that was her. But she had a shit ton of money, and she left it all to Siegfried.
 And Siegfried then could become a gentleman of pleasure, which meant he loved fox hunting.
 Yes. But he also loved golf. So pros and cons. Very interesting. His grandfather,
 so David Sassoon was his great-grandfather. His grandfather was called Sassoon Sassoon.
 No. But to be fair, he had 14 children. You're running out of ideas by then.
 It's so odd. It just feels like you put the word in the wrong box, doesn't it?
 Can I get another form? No.
 Okay. Well, can I put the first name in the surname? No.
 Well, I found a thing that was made a few years ago, which is slightly relevant to this. There's
 an instrument maker called Steve Burnett, who a few years ago made the Sassoon violin.
 I think you're going to say the Sassoon bassoon. I know.
 A waste.
 In the missed opportunity of the century, he made the Sassoon violin.
 It's so annoying. And it's because they'd made the Wilfred Owen violin a few years before.
 So it's a sort of well-known violin. It's beautifully made, and it's played all over
 the world in famous orchestras and all of this kind of stuff. And rather nicely,
 the Sassoon violin was made from the same branch of the same tree as the Owen violin.
 So that's kind of cool. They're united by these violins. Lovely. But I agree.
 Bassoon. Sassoon bassoon. It's a no-brainer.
 Owen works. You can say you're bowing with an Owen.
 Oh, very good.
 Did you guys see that David Sassoon invented a pickle?
 Did he? Which Sassoon is this now? Sorry.
 This is the original Sassoon who fled to Bombay.
 This is Captain Opium.
 Captain Opium, yeah, 1813.
 Just to give a little bit of, you know,
 also he founded a lot of hospitals, libraries, museums, orphanages and schools.
 When you got that sweet, sweet drug money rolling in,
 you're going to need to do some reputation laundry, aren't you?
 Yeah. So he invented a pickle before or after the opium.
 Was it like his passion project was to make a pickle, but, you know,
 he had to wait while he made loads of money off opium?
 He had to earn the money. He had to earn the money to make the pickle.
 In meetings, he was like,
 so what I'm really interested in pitching is my pickle.
 And they were like, we're just like loads more opium, please.
 What if we got the entirety of China addicted to pickles?
 It's a great idea, David.
 We're going to continue with our order for another million kilos of opium.
 Okay. What if I say for your million kilos of opium, you get 10 free pickles?
 Yeah, that's fine.
 We're not going to be very hungry after all that opium,
 but we will try to get around to them.
 No, this was just a thing he had on the side, and it was in fact a condiment.
 And it's amber, which is a huge deal in Iraqi cuisine and in Jewish Israeli cuisine.
 It appears everywhere.
 It's like the one of the national foods of Iraq.
 And basically he went to India and he thought, I love these Indian mangoes.
 It was either him or a member of his family.
 And by the way, this is the story of the amber pickle.
 We don't know that this actually happened,
 but the story of the amber pickle is as soon as he invented it.
 Went to India, loved the mangoes, was like,
 "Gotta send some of these back to my mates in Iraq, so I'm going to pickle them."
 And found a great way of pickling them that people love to this very day.
 And any Iraqi listeners we have, I'm sure,
 will be showering down on an amber right now.
 Yeah, very nice.
 Can I very quickly just mention the greatest Sassoon of them all,
 which we've not mentioned, which is Siegfried.
 So most of his life, he was gay.
 He had multiple relationships with men.
 And then out of nowhere, he gets married to a lady.
 They have a child, George Sassoon.
 So George Sassoon was a guy who also became an author.
 He wrote three books, and he was quite well known
 because two of those books were pushing his belief
 that we were once visited by aliens in the ancient world,
 and that they had created a machine that invented food
 that allowed for the Israelites to walk across their 40-year journey
 in the Sinai Desert, right?
 Now, it's called "The Manor Machine," his book.
 Yes, exactly.
 So according to George Sassoon,
 there's a nuclear reactor that used to power the manor machine,
 and that was stored where else the Ark of the Covenant is.
 I'm afraid we had to fade Dan out there
 because he carried on talking for another 20 minutes,
 and you really didn't need to hear that.
 Available in bookshops now, the manor machine.
 Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show,
 and that is James.
 Okay, my fact this week is that no living person
 has ever seen Murray's plums.
 Okay.
 Let me carry on.
 Okay.
 One man thought he saw them in 1997,
 but they were much hairier than expected,
 so he probably saw something else.
 I'm not sure how hairy my plums were in 1997 when I was 10.
 That's why it was surprising.
 Plums.
 What about plums is a fruit?
 Yes.
 Andry.
 So we shouldn't have researched Andy's tests for a couple of times.
 I wondered what all those anonymous phone calls were.
 Stop answering your wife's phone.
 Prunus Mariana, called the Murray's plum,
 is a critically endangered shrub native to Texas,
 and the fruits are supposedly red with white dots,
 hairless, and with a waxy coating,
 but they're so rare that apparently no one's ever seen the fruit.
 No one living, I guess.
 No one living.
 So I've read some reports saying that maybe when they were first scientifically described,
 they were mentioned,
 but I've looked for the first scientific description,
 which was by Edward Palmer in 1929,
 and he said,
 "Although I have not seen the fruit,
 this species is so distinct in character of its inforescence
 and in the pubescence from any of the plums with which I am acquainted
 that I venture to describe it as new."
 So even the guy who found it hadn't seen one.
 So maybe it might be that they don't exist,
 but I've seen some places saying that they might exist,
 but definitely no one's seen one for a long old time.
 It could be that they reproduce with fruit suckers,
 like underneath the roots, as in the clonal.
 Right.
 Could be that.
 And they're in Texas, you say.
 They're in Texas.
 Do we have a region of Texas?
 If we've got any listeners in Texas,
 should we ask them to look out?
 Because they must, you know, if we have a mess.
 Is that going to solve it?
 Is that...
 I just think it's how it could be how we get ourselves on the map.
 No one's looking.
 Yeah, yeah.
 We've rediscovered a plum.
 Yeah, you know what?
 There is, it is a certain place,
 but I'd never wrote down where it was.
 Okay, right.
 And there was a guy called Marshall Enquist a bit later
 who wrote a paper about them,
 and he said that he'd found this type of plum,
 and he thought it was prunus mariana.
 But really what he wrote didn't sound to me like that.
 Okay.
 Everywhere else, like most articles and textbooks today,
 they say mariana is its own species and no one's seen the fruit.
 Wow.
 It's like the Bigfoot of the fruit world, isn't it?
 It's sort of, it's people have claimed to have seen it,
 but we've got no solid evidence.
 If you're in Texas, how big can Texas be?
 I'd be like, probably small.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 And then have a look.
 There is a place called Plum in Texas.
 Is there?
 Yeah, but it's a very tiny unincorporated town,
 and as far as I could tell, no plums.
 Is there anywhere called Bridge?
 Yes, actually there is.
 I think I started burying a very cold freezer
 under a mountain range and bombarding it with atomic energy.
 Well, the plums unfortunately will shrink
 under those circumstances, which makes them even harder to find.
 At absolute zero.
 I think your plums go to the size of a dot.
 It's definitely improving at the very least.
 It's blanks constant.
 Plums are good.
 Yeah, they're good.
 It used to mean any kind of dried fruit, actually, plum.
 Is that very odd?
 Yeah, raisins would be plums.
 Like plum pudding, which has got raisins and sultanas in,
 the plum part of that is referring to the old word for raisins.
 I always assumed that plum pudding used to contain plums,
 and then just gradually people stopped making them,
 because all Christmas puddings used to be called plum puddings in the UK.
 And there's a food writer called Francesca Greeno,
 who was writing about this,
 and she reckons that when Little Jack Horner was first written,
 which is in the 16th century, plums still meant raisin then.
 So when he stuck in his thumb and pulled out a plum,
 apparently he pulled out a raisin, according to this writer.
 Harder to get on your thumb.
 Well, you could pull out a raisin,
 but you're more like dragging it out
 as opposed to shoving your thumb inside it.
 Well, I actually read that the plum wasn't a plum at all,
 it was the deeds to a mansion in a bun.
 I know, but I really like this, because there was a Jack Horner.
 I'm sorry, but the fact that James just said about a nursery rhyme,
 "Oh, they're all made up of."
 James was a boy who was constantly saying, "Citation needed."
 Well, the not real Jack Horner story,
 which has been around for over 200 years,
 is that there was a Jack Horner, which there really was,
 who was the steward to the abbot of Glastonbury called Richard Whiting.
 And basically, Henry VIII at the time was dissolving all the monasteries, famously.
 And Richard Whiting didn't want Henry VIII to dissolve his monastery,
 and so he sent his steward, Jack Horner,
 to Henry VIII with a pie in which he'd hidden the deeds to 12 manor houses.
 I think it's a sort of a bribe, and on the way little Jack Horner
 put his thumb into this pie and nicked one of those deeds for himself,
 which I believe the family did get Mel's manor.
 So that, and that's little Jack Horner popped his thumb in,
 pulled out a plum of Mel's manor, and the family have it to this day.
 And he said, "What a good boy am I?"
 And he said, "What a good boy am I?"
 Yeah, no further questions.
 There we go with this, the story.
 A plum used to mean something desirable, like you've got a plum drop.
 Oh, that still means that.
 Yeah, yeah, exactly.
 Sorry, yeah, yeah, but it's sorry.
 What it used to mean was £100,000.
 Oh.
 There's a specific value in Victorian times.
 Oh, yeah, because that's a lot of money in Victorian times.
 A mega amount, yeah, yeah.
 Why did it get that name?
 Do we know?
 I don't know.
 I think it's all connected to the plum thing being something desirable,
 but I don't know why it was exactly that value.
 Yeah.
 It's nice that we've made, because we're always getting in trouble
 for bastardising the English language, the wee modern people,
 but we've made the word plum more pure,
 because it comes from the Latin prunus for a plum tree.
 They screwed it up by the 1600s.
 It meant raisins and whatever you have.
 Yeah.
 And now we've made it plum again.
 So kind of well done us.
 We've reclaimed the word plum.
 Well done, everyone.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Just do a part on the back sometime.
 Pat yourself on the back if you're listening to this at home
 and you've used the word plum correctly.
 Plums in Japan used to be a very big thing.
 Oh, they still are.
 They're like bento boxes and so on.
 But in wartime, as part of rations for soldiers,
 we're talking 1467 to 1615.
 This is what was known as the Senkoku Period, roughly.
 Just roughly those numbers.
 And so they got given these kind of bento boxes
 and they would go out into war.
 And it had things like chili pepper,
 but they wouldn't eat the chili peppers.
 What they would do is, because it'd get really cold out there,
 they would just chew on the chili peppers
 and then they would wipe it all over their butt
 and all down their legs.
 So they would keep them hot.
 Maybe it makes you move around, but hey,
 take it up with the Japanese from roughly 1467
 to 1615.
 I just thought that like there are other parts of you,
 don't go first for the bum.
 No, chili peppers around the bum does not feel like a good.
 It doesn't feel like a good idea.
 I've touched my eyes after cutting chilies and it's awful
 and I can only imagine.
 Supposedly they would take these dried plums with them
 and supposedly they'd get one each in their ration
 and if they were out in the field
 and they were sort of short of breath
 and they were having a pretty hard time,
 they would take it out of their lunchbox
 and they wouldn't eat it.
 They wouldn't taste it.
 They would look at it for inspiration
 because it was seen as something
 that would give you hope to go on.
 That's nice.
 It's really interesting.
 There's a lot of stuff about plums in this period
 where it's kind of, is this true?
 Like for example, samurai swords,
 supposedly when they were being heated up
 to get the metal to the right heating,
 you would take out a dry plum
 and to match the colouring of that
 would show you that you've heated it to the right level.
 This is all put out by big plum.
 It doesn't feel real, that's true.
 Big plum is very powerful globally.
 So in the First World War,
 the Daily Telegraph ran a campaign
 to get every single soldier fighting on the front.
 That was three million soldiers on the Western Front,
 a portion of plum pudding.
 Yeah, for Christmas, I guess.
 It was definitely for Christmas,
 but I do think Siegfried Sassoon
 at some point would have received
 his Daily Telegraph back plum pudding.
 I wonder if that's where Rachel hid the deeds
 to the inheritance that he got.
 Yeah, but they were a big,
 just plum pudding was so big.
 The plum pudding riots of 1647 happened in Canterbury.
 That was a Christmasy thing,
 because the Puritans were in charge at the time,
 Oliver Cromwell and his gang,
 and their main thing was keeping shops open on Christmas Day.
 They said, you have to...
 What, the Puritans at that?
 Yeah, they were not celebrating it.
 It's a special day, it's not religious.
 Exactly.
 And the Lord Mayor of Canterbury,
 whose name was William Bridge.
 Oh.
 Yeah, William de Ponte,
 as he would have been known.
 We had a Canterbury Bridge fact earlier as well,
 and now it didn't leave.
 There's a place near Canterbury called Bridge.
 So maybe William Bridge was from Bridge.
 Oh my God.
 It's possible.
 That's likely, almost, you might say.
 Well, he was walking along the streets,
 trying to encourage shopkeepers to stay open and stay serving.
 Yeah.
 Because it was a Christmas Day.
 They all wanted to close and go and party and all of that.
 And he was thrown to the ground and muddied.
 Oh, no.
 Riots were sometimes a bit gentle back in the day.
 You never hear about the lighter riots.
 It's so nice.
 You've shared that.
 Does that mean just made money?
 It doesn't mean he shat himself.
 Does it?
 I don't believe so.
 I'm sure it was a scary time,
 but no one would blame him if he did.
 Absolutely not.
 In 2001, Big Plum stepped up again
 and forced the US Food and Drug Administration
 to allow them legally to call prunes dried plums.
 Prunes are dried plums, aren't they?
 They are, yes.
 But until then, you could get a sense of prison for saying that.
 I mean, honestly, as soon as you say that,
 they'd be banging down the door.
 The Plum Police.
 They've got very fetching outfits, though.
 They're lovely.
 Yes, no, they are.
 So it was the truth, which is why they were allowed to do it.
 But also because...
 So they were marketed as prunes, obviously,
 but prunes have a bad rep.
 Well, I think it's a good rep.
 They're a great relief to many of us.
 I would like to live.
 They're a bit of a sticky situation, yes.
 But their argument, what Big Plum's argument,
 Big Prune's argument was,
 now everyone just thinks if you're buying prunes,
 that it means you're constipated.
 So they're reluctant to buy prunes.
 We're going to rename them dried plums.
 And did that masterful piece of disguise work?
 Yeah, but the entire country was constipated
 because they couldn't get hold of any prunes.
 I don't need these dried plums.
 Do you guys remember that story of Ash,
 who is the, for listeners,
 he's the rider of our theme tune for fish?
 Which one? Which one of them any?
 He was going out to a party in London
 and he was really hungry
 and he was nothing in the house to eat.
 And so he opened up the cupboard
 and there was a big bag of dried prunes.
 He ate the entire bag, got on the London Underground,
 was midway between stops
 when he felt a little "woop" in his tummy
 and he went, "That's a bit weird."
 And then a second later,
 shat himself completely, yeah.
 Just outside Mutshoot, wasn't it?
 That's the best.
 That's the fastest London Underground diary
 that I've ever heard.
 Oh dear, what happened?
 Oh, he had to get off.
 Did he go to the party still?
 I'm not sure.
 No, he went into an alleyway
 that was just outside of the station,
 called his dad.
 He said, "Dad, I've shat myself."
 How old was he?
 He was 22, 23, called his brother Jazz
 and Jazz came with a bucket
 and a cloth and some extra trousers.
 What, a bucket?
 Yeah, because he just said it was everywhere.
 Because Ash had to take off his shirt.
 I think he was wearing shorts on the tube as well.
 Oh no.
 He took off his shirt.
 Ash does wear shorts.
 I mean, you didn't used to wear on the pants either.
 Yeah, exactly.
 They probably had to close down that line for a day, I would say.
 Yeah, cross the line.
 Anyway, hey Ash, if you're listening.
 Yeah, did you authorise that story to go out?
 So yeah, California prune bar did all this, didn't they?
 And they also came up with the idea
 of adding prunes to all burgers in U.S. schools.
 Really?
 What? Weird.
 Yeah, so the idea was...
 Sorry, as part of the mince mixture
 or a layer on top of the tomato.
 Oh, no, part of the mixture.
 So the kids wouldn't know it was in there.
 And the idea is it's a way to sort of get vegetables
 into kids' diets without them knowing.
 Sounds like you're trying to prank all the kids
 and make them all shit themselves in the lunch room,
 doesn't it?
 Well, you know, they did it.
 They did it.
 They did it.
 Yeah, it was a big thing.
 It was called prune the fat, they called it.
 Nice.
 And the USDA bought 10 million pounds worth of prunes.
 In 2003 to put into school lunches.
 Really? Wow.
 And the whole project finished in about 2006
 due to a sudden drop in plum production.
 Right.
 Wow.
 So there was just some problem.
 There might have been a drought,
 or there might have been some disease or something.
 And they just couldn't make enough plums
 and so they stopped putting them in burgers.
 Does anyone know why they have this laxative effect?
 Because plums, to plums in particular,
 is it just dried fruit in general?
 It's just fibrous.
 No, it's partly fibrous.
 I did happen to look into this
 because I'm particularly grateful to prunes, personally.
 And I don't think it should be a source of shame.
 Okay.
 So they are high in fibrous because they're dried fruit,
 which is very useful.
 But they also contain this thing called sorbetal,
 which has a laxative effect.
 And sorbetal, you may recognize the name.
 I do.
 It's not in chewing gum.
 It's in chewing gum.
 It's the sweetener in sugar-free chewing gum,
 which means that if you look at sugar-free chewing gum,
 there's often a warning on it.
 Apparently, saying if you have to...
 Don't eat two packs of this if you're on the tube.
 It's along those lines and there's a picture of Ash.
 You know, I used to eat a lot of chewing gum.
 And I stopped because I read the article about them
 putting microplastics in your body.
 Oh, yeah, right.
 Ah, isn't that weird?
 Does it?
 Yeah, it does.
 And I don't think it does you any harm,
 but just something about that gave me the echo
 and I just stopped using that.
 But you're meant to spit the chewing gum out, right?
 Have you been swallowing it?
 Like, you're swallowing it.
 You are allowed.
 Well, you are allowed to swallow chewing gum.
 No, it's not that.
 It's the crunchy bit on the outside.
 Okay, the shell kind of exits way in.
 That makes sense.
 Oh, do you not cut yours open
 and knife and fork out the meat?
 You're not meant to eat the shell.
 That's like, it's like a lobster.
 You get your special chewing gum fork.
 Yeah, you were a bit, don't you, Andy,
 when you're eating chewing gum?
 Okay, that is it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we have said,
 you can find us on our various social media accounts.
 I'm on Instagram with @tribaland as the handle.
 Andy.
 I'm on Blue Sky at Andrew Hunter M.
 James.
 I'm on TikTok.
 Nurses think it's James Harkin.
 And if you want to get to us as a group, Anna.
 You can email podcast.qi.com
 or go to Instagram @no such thing as official,
 Twitter @no such thing.
 Out of the handle, as Dan just said.
 In case you were wondering.
 I did hear you snigger when I said that.
 Yeah, so or head to our website.
 No such thing as a fish.com.
 Plenty of stuff up there for you to check out,
 all of our previous episodes.
 We have a link to an upcoming live show
 that we're doing in Sheffield in July
 at the CrossWires Festival.
 There's the portal, the gateway to Club Fish,
 the very exciting land where bonus episodes exist,
 the compilations, the mailbag episodes.
 Andy goes through all the emails that you send in
 and we pick out the best ones
 to talk about the facts you've sent in and so on.
 So do check that out if you're not already a member.
 There's also bits of merchandise you can find there
 or just come back here next week
 because we will have another episode waiting for you.
 We will see you then.
 Goodbye.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
