 Hello club fishers, welcome to this week's bit of bonus material, it is another episode
 of droppers align where we listen to and respond to in a very polite manner.
 Some of your emails, now the reason I'm here for a quick intro is because if you listen
 to the last episode that we did with Beck Hill you will have heard that we offered to
 give away a cabbage patch kid doll.
 Now we've all signed it, it's in the QI office, it's ready to be packaged up and sent off
 to somewhere, hopefully not in Australia but you know we'll try and get it to whoever
 wins it and the way that you can win that prize is by going to our discord.
 Now our discord can be found at no such thing as a fish.com/fishcord that's F-I-S-H-C-O-R-D
 and when you go there it should hopefully be obvious because there will be a thread called
 cabbage patch kid or something like that because I haven't set it up yet but it will be very
 clear where to go when you get to our discord.
 Anyway, sorry for banging on, for all but one of you the cabbage patch kid chat is not
 all that important, what is important is our new episode of droppers align so I really
 hope you enjoy it.
 Hi, hello everybody, welcome to droppers align, the post room is the post room of club
 fish where we look through your correspondence and we read it, steam open those envelopes,
 thank you for sending those and we read out the contents of the things, steaming open
 an envelope when you want to read what's inside it but then you want to reseal it so
 the person doesn't know that you've read it already, you're holding over a kettle
 or whatever, but that's not really what we're doing here Andy.
 Well little do you know, I actually go through the inbox and I mark all as unread, it's
 the modern equivalent.
 So we've got some brilliant correspondence today, we've got some spicy meat, we've got
 some actuallys, we've got some get yourself off the hooks, so let's do it, let's crack
 on.
 Tony Melton starts straight away with a get yourself off the hook, for the record, punch
 the opening for an email, the tallest unicycle in the world that has been ridden, when did
 we mention this recently?
 It was I said that if a child grew at the same speed as a whale shark then by the time
 it was three years old it would be the height of the world's largest unicycle.
 And that was 31 feet.
 About that, yeah.
 Well James it was a lovely comparison but you've been hoist on your own fatad here.
 For the record, Tony says, the tallest unicycle in the world that has been ridden was 115
 feet tall.
 What?
 Far taller than the measly 31 feet you suggested in your recent episode.
 It was ridden by Sam Abrams who needed a crane to hoist it to a vertical position and
 mount it.
 Unfortunately his website about building and riding the unicycle is broken now, oh convenient.
 How interesting, I thought I'd gotten that from Guinness but maybe I just made a mistake.
 It might have been in previous Guinness or something.
 The previous record holder in quotes was Steve McPeak, that's a good name, who rode
 101 foot tall unicycle, he used a safety rope attached to a crane and rode it in a circle.
 But his record was accepted but controversial because in the video footage there is tension
 on the safety rope which means he was not fully riding it himself.
 His tension is a form of assistance which in the view of many invalidated his quotes
 record.
 Silly.
 I know.
 And that is from a new fish listener and long time rider of unicycles.
 Great.
 Tony Melton.
 Thank you.
 Does he say the highest unicycle he's ridden?
 He doesn't include that actually.
 No.
 I mean even a short unicycle is about six feet tall isn't it?
 It's really interesting because this was reported in the press this year in January this year
 of a Florida person called Wesley Williams, 25 year old who broke the Guinness World Record
 of the tallest unicycle, 31 feet and 10 inches.
 Probably this guy.
 Maybe he's unsupported.
 Okay, well I take about criticism, absolutely no problem.
 I wonder if there's a thing about unicycles where there was a study, it wasn't there about
 a person who rode around town in a unicycle and he made a note of what everyone said
 to him.
 Yeah.
 And it was something like almost half a people said was your extra wheel or you lost a wheel
 or something like that.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 It's like everyone has the same jokes to the same people.
 Everyone's got the same unicycle jokes haven't they?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I love the way that you sort of have accepted the criticism there, sort of suggest that
 it wasn't as cool as, I just like, no that's cool, I'm a cool guy, I'm a cool guy, I accept
 that.
 Well done.
 Thank you for riding here.
 It's been me down for at least 15 years and you know exactly all of my techniques for
 accepting criticism.
 Yeah, yeah.
 And that's one of the better ones.
 No, they should not have put the listener though, I just hope it does have a slight
 sinisterism to it.
 Okay, I accept that.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 What's his name?
 What's his address?
 Tony, Tony, Tony.
 Mello.
 Tony, look out of your window, Tony.
 You'll see James.
 No, higher, higher.
 We've got 116 feet.
 Right.
 Sean Jake's rides in with some notes about sledging.
 Okay.
 And he says, in particular, it's very good in darts, sledging, because you need a lot
 of mind games.
 Oh yeah.
 He says the best of this was the late great Eric Bristow, who once asked Rod Harrington
 if he took a breath before he threw a dart.
 This completely put Rod off with the whole game against Eric because he was only focused
 on his breath pattern.
 That's brilliant.
 Look at that.
 Sure.
 Yeah.
 So, Dan, do you breathe in before you host an episode of Fish?
 I'll think about that later today.
 No, I don't say that to me.
 I've got like quite bad breathing problems at the moment, and now I'm actually thinking
 about my breathing all the time, and now I realise I haven't breathed for about 35 seconds.
 There we go.
 And now I'm really worried about that.
 James, you're going blue.
 You're going blue.
 Do you breathe before you're...
 Bye.
 Yeah, you've got to have a breath in to tackle that.
 That's a big moment.
 Yeah, yeah.
 You know, it doesn't actually breathe in before he dives into the pool.
 Yeah, I guess that's the question.
 You must do.
 Speaking about putting people off, did you see recently someone message us saying that
 Greg Jenner, our friend, historian and podcaster, also does a bye at the end of his show.
 Oh, yes.
 Oh.
 So, does that put pressure on you, Andy, for your buys?
 Yeah, it's got to be good.
 It's got to be better.
 Better than Jenner.
 Yeah.
 It sounds like he's had more practice because we've only been doing drop of the line in
 what, a few months?
 Six months?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 I guess, are they suggesting that we're plagiarising?
 Is that so much Greg's thing?
 I hadn't got that.
 He's the only person who's allowed to say bye.
 I suppose in that iconic, his iconic bye.
 I mean, if, you know, if this wasn't behind the paywall would be being more trouble when
 this was exposed to the public.
 Oh, yeah.
 If this had any listeners at all, we'd be screwed, but as it is, it's just you and
 me, guys.
 At least two.
 Right.
 Here's James O'Brien.
 I don't think that one.
 I enjoy listening to the podcast on my walk, on his walk.
 However, today I had a tedious task to perform at home and put the latest episode on my phone
 speaker.
 I stepped out of the room for a minute to get something, whereupon I received some notifications
 on my smartwatch from Amazon regarding some orders added to my basket.
 I was very confused as I hadn't ordered anything.
 When I checked the Amazon app, it was all fish-related goodies.
 My first thought was that it was a new form of Amazon-induced Orwellian overreach trying
 to flog me stuff.
 I amended the order as I already have Andrew's books.
 The brackets are great, by the way.
 Thank you.
 Oh, my Jesus.
 Sorry.
 Could you not think of a better name than James O'Brien?
 Were you literally just scrolling through Twitter and you're like, "I need a fake name."
 James, you're going to want to be in on this because I left James and Anna's pre-order
 there, as I didn't know about that, and it looks interesting.
 How interesting.
 I didn't even know it's available on pre-order.
 Yes.
 I felt shamelessly manipulated.
 Everything to play for, the QI Book of Spots.
 Well, he doesn't know what it's called.
 Yes, I felt shamelessly manipulated into buying James and Anna's book, but I regained some
 agency by not buying Dan's.
 Well, fuck you, James O'Brien.
 It wasn't until I got back into the room and rewound the podcast where I'd left that I
 discovered the awful truth.
 It wasn't a shadowy global conspiracy penetrating our lives.
 It was the elves themselves, well-played elves.
 I have since disabled that feature on Alexa.
 Also, this is the closer from James, and I've also taken a long hard look at myself regarding
 buying Tat from Amazon.
 So basically, we said Alexa by what's your book called?
 The Theory of Everything Else, James, not you, this guy.
 So we said Alexa by The Theory of Everything Else by Dan Schreiber with the hope that people
 might accidentally buy it.
 And it did it.
 And you went into the top ten on Amazon.
 Yeah.
 I was thinking it was due to your amazing publicity push, but maybe it was just this.
 I didn't go into the top ten on Amazon with the sanctuary.
 Right, let's, okay, right.
 I think, okay, new section, plug corner.
 We'll go into the corner for a minute, and then we have to come out.
 Let's try to go down for next time.
 Plug corner.
 Right, plug corner.
 All right.
 I've got another, get yourself off the hook, but this time for Dan, not James.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 From Scott Mason.
 Yeah.
 Incorrect on Trash Talk is the subject.
 Okay.
 Here is where Coby, how my ass tastes originated from.
 Okay.
 Can you explain that?
 Shaquille O'Neal and Coby Bryant, it's an example of Trash Talking.
 It was from a book where they said that Coby, it's rare for Trash Talk to come from a book
 in the air.
 The Oxford Dictionary of Insulting Quotations.
 That was a book on MBA, and there's an example where Coby and Shaq were both known for, particularly
 Coby for his Trash Talking, his legend.
 And I can't remember the exact line, but it's something like, "You'll be tasting my
 ass."
 And the idea is he's jumping so high, doing his slam dunk.
 Yeah.
 Thor is running away from him, and he's chasing his tail, something, something where his,
 you know, Shaq's very tall anyway, you know, his ass is very high.
 You'd have to go on a tall unicycle to taste that ass.
 Absolutely.
 Well, anyways, Scott sent a link to a YouTube video, which I couldn't watch because I was
 in the library when I got this, and they frown on you playing aggressive Trash Talk out loud.
 But the footage shows Shaquille O'Neal taking the mic at a New York club last night, unleashing
 a freestyle verbal assault directed at his arch enemy, Coby Bryant, blaming his former
 teammate for ruining his marriage and imploring him to tell me how my ass tastes.
 Okay.
 And what's the problem?
 He's saying it's not on the court.
 I think it was a fractional difference of origin story.
 It might, I mean, the story I read was it was on the court.
 So he might have said, you know, that might be his classic line that he says a bunch of
 times.
 Yeah.
 I think jury's out.
 Okay.
 Dan, sorry, can you take this with a bit more humility, please?
 Coby Bryant named after the beef, Coby Beef.
 That's right.
 Yeah, yeah.
 This is about him having beef with Shaquille O'Neal.
 That's right.
 But they were buddies at the end.
 Right.
 Yeah.
 Just, just like that article suggests that he broke up my marriage.
 We're not friends.
 They were, they were good friends.
 They managed to make friends after one of them broke up the other's marriage.
 I think everyone's marriage got broken up by each other.
 It's a, that's MBA for you.
 Oh yeah.
 It's a spicy, spicy land.
 A spicy meat.
 Yeah.
 Spicy beef.
 Spicy Coby.
 Half time.
 Half time.
 Yes.
 Okay.
 Well, I have just been on holiday.
 Yeah.
 To the, to Helsinki and Tallinn in Estonia and I bought a gift for one of you.
 Is this a new feature?
 Like, this, is this a halftime, like at a basketball match, you'd have a halftime show.
 I'm really happy for this to be a regular feature, but I will have to go on holiday
 every two weeks.
 Let me show you what it is.
 What is it?
 What would be able to tell?
 You'll be able to tell as soon as I get it out who it's for.
 It's definitely for Andy.
 Wow.
 So can you explain what it is, Dan?
 Yeah, it's a, it's a, it's a black box.
 Oh, it's chocolate, it looks like, but it looks like it's moss or some sort of...
 It's chocolate, it's chocolate, but it's got sort of moss growing through it.
 Yeah.
 I believe it has moss on the inside.
 Oh my God.
 It's finlandish or Finnish as they sometimes say.
 Chocolate covered moss.
 Oh my God.
 Very happy for that to be for you, Andy.
 Oh, it smells so...
 Smells chocolaty, but I bet it'll taste mossy.
 The perfect result.
 That's amazing.
 That smells great.
 Thank you.
 I think it's reindeer algae, but then in brackets it says, or moss.
 That's nice, isn't it?
 It's safe to eat.
 Wow.
 Yeah, it is safe to eat, it's, it's, yeah, available to tourists if you visit Finland.
 By the 23rd of the 11th.
 Great.
 Easy.
 Yeah.
 You can't re-gift it over Christmas though.
 Oh no.
 As if I would re-gift it, so that's lovely.
 Thank you so much.
 That's very cool.
 I'm really excited.
 I'm really excited about that.
 Thank you, James.
 Cool packaging as well, right?
 Yeah, great packaging.
 Like it looks like a, what was the thing that you were doing?
 A terrarium, is it called?
 I bought a terrarium.
 Yeah, it kind of looks like that.
 It looks like a, because it's a see-through plastic with, yeah, it looks like a little...
 Yeah, if you had like little sort of ants living in there, they would have a whale of
 a time, wouldn't they?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 I bought a terrarium tool kit the other day.
 Great.
 It was curved-handled scissors, and that was curved-bladed scissors for pruning.
 Okay.
 Lovely.
 Next email.
 We got a nice email from Raphael Alvarez.
 It comes with a picture, which I don't have my screen open, so I can't show you now, but
 wanted to share this massive apple I saw at my local fruit stand.
 Oh, I saw that picture.
 Which reminded me of the one James mentioned he saw at the offices of We Buy Any Card.com.
 Did you send us that?
 You did.
 How did I find that?
 Yeah, you forwarded it, because I saw that.
 I think so.
 It's pretty easy to tell from the picture.
 It's pretty easy to tell.
 It's a big apple.
 But it seemed like it was the size of a baby's head.
 I wanted to get more pictures, but preferred not to hold up the line.
 I don't think we needed more pictures.
 I mean, the one you sent is powerful.
 I think his mistake was taking the photo, because in my head, it just gets bigger with
 every telling.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 You know, it's just, in my head, it's the biggest apple that's ever existed.
 It's possibly, you know, like Cinderella could have gone to the ball in it if she didn't
 have a pumpkin.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Like a giant apple.
 Exactly.
 Yeah.
 That's good.
 And I think, probably, if I ever went back now to the offices of Weebuyer at AnyCart.com,
 then I might be disappointed by how big the apple was.
 Do you think it's still there?
 Of course.
 Of course it's still there.
 Of course it's still there.
 Some of it will be.
 And Apple that big won't go off for years, for like, yeah.
 There is a type of apple that doesn't go off for like four months at a time, like there's
 a special type of apple.
 Oh, yeah.
 Irradiated.
 I think that's the cut.
 That is the cut.
 Yeah, they do.
 Don't they?
 No, they do do that.
 But there's like a special species that doesn't go off.
 Really?
 And they think that it might give the secret of everlasting life like a special apple.
 That's so cool.
 Is it?
 Yeah.
 I can't remember what it's called.
 Do they specifically breed it to give to like the U.S. Marines so that they can have
 an apple even after three months living in some reeds or whatever?
 No, they, it's, I think it's just a long lasting apple.
 And they think whenever anything's long lasting in nature, they think maybe this will be the
 solution of everlasting life and it very rarely is.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Well, if it gets you four extra months, yeah, but yeah, this, this apple, I would say from
 the image that you sent, Andy, it was a similar size to the, to the one the guy sent.
 That is very, thank you, both James and Raphael for sort of agreeing that you've both seen
 very big apples.
 Well, mine was slightly bigger.
 Oh, sorry.
 But I say about the same size, you know, pure politeness, sorry Raphael crushed.
 We've had a lovely bit of bonus information, which I think is, is not the, I'm actually
 of the week because it's just a, this is a brilliant fact.
 We talked about Dallas.
 Yes.
 And.
 Shut J.R.
 Yeah.
 And so Peter Drake writes episode 479 discusses the TV show Dallas writing itself into a
 corner and then being renewed for another season, which happened.
 Yeah.
 Surely the greatest example of this is Sledgehammer, which I haven't ever seen.
 Oh, I have.
 I used to love that show.
 Okay.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Thanks for watching.
 Sledgehammer exclamation mark is the title of the show.
 Brilliant.
 The name of the detective, which was to end with the eponymous detective trying to defuse
 a nuclear warhead after emitting his catchphrase, trust me, I know what I'm doing.
 He accidentally detonates the bomb vaporizing San Francisco.
 When the show was then renewed, is it like a post-apocalyptic, solving crimes, but they're
 all mutant crimes.
 Yeah.
 No, the only solution was to proclaim the subsequent episodes were set five years before.
 Okay.
 I would have thought like, you know, a detective show where they're all cockroaches.
 Yeah.
 So good.
 Yeah.
 I mean, I would would watch.
 What an ending to Sledgehammer.
 I have the feeling that Sledgehammer was like a, trying to be like a naked gun, like it
 was quite a funny show.
 That's my memory of it.
 It sounds funny.
 Yeah.
 His catchphrase is trust me, I know what I'm doing.
 Yeah.
 And then that happens.
 Yeah.
 There's a little quiz.
 This is a fun thing.
 Okay.
 So Blade Fuller.
 Great name.
 What's the name?
 Yeah.
 Right.
 How far from Australia to Papua New Guinea?
 Oh.
 Right?
 Yeah.
 What's the shortest distance between Australia and Papua New Guinea?
 Okay.
 Well.
 So Dan's, and this is, so Dan, maybe, well, both take a guess.
 Well, Dan is from Australia.
 Exactly.
 Exactly.
 So he should know this.
 Oh, before giving away the answer, make Dan guess.
 Blade rights.
 Blade.
 Yeah.
 He's a token Australian on the show.
 Ouch.
 Oh, God.
 My guess, well, my first guess while Dan's thinking, just looking at a map, is that they're
 going to be about 500 miles apart.
 Now I imagine there's probably some island like Christmas Island or something, which
 is half Australia and half Papua, and so actually you can just walk from one to the
 other.
 That's a really good point.
 Yeah.
 Because you'll guess 500 miles or nothing.
 Yeah.
 It's important.
 Somewhere between these two.
 500 miles, I think.
 Like, genuinely, I would say that's about what it is.
 I think that's probably right.
 There's probably an embassy in Sydney, which you can technically be on the last it doesn't
 count.
 I'm going to say four hour flight.
 Oh, thank you so much.
 Thank you so much.
 Is it in the Wright Brothers plane, or is it in a con card?
 It's the most unhelpful thing you could possibly say.
 Or is it a four hour flight of a mosquito, a bird, like a drifting cormorant?
 We're going to say, I could say classic 747 kind of airliner.
 Four hours.
 Four hours.
 That would get you to North Africa, I would say, in four hours.
 Or from Australia.
 Not from the UK, but as an equivalent distance.
 Right.
 What a messed up way of doing it, I was like, well, James, just give me the outro in 500
 miles.
 Thank you, James.
 Self ship, blade, whatever your name is.
 Well, is it 500 miles or four hours in a 747?
 What a stupid, come at me with those questions, you're going to get that.
 Two and a half acres, how can I say?
 Blade continues.
 Did he get it?
 I can tell you he didn't, blade.
 Most people I asked opted for answers around 100 kilometers, as they could picture Australia's
 northern tip being quite close.
 But the actual answer is much less than that, in fact, it is less than four kilometers.
 And it's exactly because of what James said, there is an island, 3.75 kilometers south
 of Papua New Guinea, called Saibai Island, which is Orsay Bay, which is technically Australian
 territory, part of the territory of Queensland, because they took it over to do some sea cucumber
 fishing.
 Oh, yeah.
 Well, that was a big deal, wasn't it?
 Sea cucumbers.
 Yeah.
 So it's swimming distance.
 You could, it says practically swimming distance, blade says.
 Yeah.
 I think at four kilometers you could swim, depending on what's on the order.
 Yeah.
 Personally speaking, I might struggle, but yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
 I meant one.
 I didn't mean me.
 Anyway.
 So thank you very much, Blade.
 That was a great quiz.
 How about this?
 Yeah.
 Hannah Vax.
 Vax?
 Right.
 How do you spell that?
 W-A-C-H-S.
 Okay.
 So I thought Vax.
 Vax.
 We're not anti-Vaxers here.
 Far from it.
 Sorry, Hannah.
 But she's never heard that before.
 Yeah.
 Sorry.
 God.
 Sorry, Hannah.
 Sorry.
 And she's written all the way from L.A. as well.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 Let's show some respect.
 Right.
 Hannah writes, "As always, I enjoyed the most recent episode, but I must argue with the
 assertion that the fact about Alan Thicke writing the different strokes theme is the
 most trivial trivia ever."
 Uh-huh.
 "I would wager that for Americans aged 40 to 60..."
 Who was that, say?
 Alan?
 Alan Thicke.
 So that feels like a U-fact.
 Robin Thicke.
 Who's Robin Thicke?
 Robin Thicke.
 Sorry, Robin Thicke.
 Oh, Robin Thicke.
 Oh, right, Robin.
 Oh, Alan Thicke.
 Alan Thicke.
 The guy who wrote the different strokes theme.
 Alan Thicke, yeah.
 Sorry.
 Of course.
 "I would wager that for Americans aged 40 to 60, Alan Thicke is the main original Thicke
 with Robin being a lesser-known spinoff."
 Right.
 Yeah.
 Now, here's when we get quite into the weeds.
 Thicke the Elder.
 Like, plenty of the Elder.
 "Played the dad on the very popular late '80s sitcoms, Growing Pains, which is what Kirk
 Cameron was known for before he got into super Christian movies about the rapture."
 Okay.
 "He also wrote the theme tune to 'The Facts of Life,' which may be even more beloved
 than that of different strokes."
 Yeah.
 I must say I had read all that stuff about Alan Thicke, but the difference-
 What?
 I did not read it.
 I did not!
 Different strokes was a show that I'd heard of, and the others I hadn't really heard of.
 Sorry, that's the Thicke alarm going off.
 Okay, great.
 No, thanks for the inter-
 Thanks.
 If you at home have any interest, any facts about any of the Thicke family, then-
 Oh, please.
 Do please send in for the Thicke corner.
 Yeah, podcast@qo.com, and just put Thicke in the subject line, and it'll bump it up to
 the top of the inbox, basically.
 I'll set up a filter.
 We-
 Oh, hey, I've got a telling off that's only fair.
 Like, I've given you both a drumming.
 Matthew McKenzie says, "Love the podcast, but-"
 You didn't tell me how good your novels were!
 And that's from Laura Kunzberg.
 Matthew writes, Matthew writes, "Love the podcast, but-"
 This is great.
 But my mother died quite recently.
 It's quite a serious and dry point.
 It's quite a dry point.
 Love the podcast, but during episode 480, when you were talking about Thatched Roofs and
 what the UK's famous for, you mentioned that the UK is not a big player in microchips.
 Oh, yeah.
 Okay, in fact, ARM Limited, based in Cambridge, is the company responsible for designing the
 microchips in most of the world's smartphones.
 You know what?
 The reason I said that is because it had been in the news that week, haven't it?
 No, I think I said it.
 I think I said that we're not a big player in the microchip scene.
 That was my fault.
 Yeah, yeah.
 But I sort of meant, "Oh, are we not investing enough in it now?"
 But actually, I completely hold my hands up.
 I was speaking without full authority on that.
 Sorry, Matthew.
 And let the record stand, big microchip player.
 Great.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 Bye.
 Oh, Greg?
 Is that you?
 No.
 Oh, sorry.
 No.
 No, it's Andy here.
 So, Andy.
 Thanks everybody for listening to Drop As Alive.
 We hope you've enjoyed it.
 And if you would like to be on it, then you just have to email podcast@qi.com with something
 sufficiently amusing or outrageous or, you know, correct, like pick us up on real mistakes.
 Don't just write it on spurious grounds about things that we might not have said for editorial
 reasons, you know.
 We'll give it a go actually, see, because I read everything.
 So anyway, yeah, podcast@qi.com will be back in months time with another one of these and
 in two weeks with a different thing altogether.
 Okay.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
