 Hi everyone, welcome to this week's episode of no such thing as a fish
 Daniel Shriver is not here this week
 He has gone to a place that shares a name with something you might take to the beach with you
 And if you listen to the rest of this episode, you'll be able to work that out
 But anyway, the main thing is that Dan is not here this week
 And so we needed someone to replace him and who have we got we have the most incredible guest
 It is comedian Lucy Potter
 You will absolutely love her on this week's podcast and at the end you're definitely going to want to check out all of her stuff
 And that would include fingers on buzzers, which is a podcast
 She does all about quizzing with my good friend and the fixen from the TV show the chase Jenny Ryan
 Lucy is also got a brand new stand-up show called wake up call
 She's taken it to the Edinburgh Fringe this year and then she'll be touring the UK in 2023
 If you want to go and see that and I definitely recommend you do that then go to Lucy Potter dot co dot UK
 And you can find out more about Lucy
 Anyway, I'm certain you're gonna really really enjoy this podcast. We had such a good time making it and
 What else is there to say apart from on with the podcast?
 Hello and welcome to another episode of no such thing as a fish a weekly podcast coming to you from the qi offices in Covent Garden
 My name is Andrew Hunter Murray, and I'm joined this week by James Harkin Anna Tajinsky and special guest
 It's Lucy Porter and once again
 We have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts from the last seven days and in no particular order here
 We go starting with Lucy my fact is that if you were a baby born in Korea in
 December 2020 you could be one two or three years old
 Just take your pick. Yeah multiple choice just be winner. I am very keen on being able to manipulate your age
 There's so many people in show business are
 And but I had never heard of this until I was watching Ultimate Beast Master, which is my favorite of the
 competitive obstacle course shows
 It is it's like it's
 yes, it's a big beast and there was a Korean contestant on that and
 Talking about his kid and he went all these two in Korean age and I was like what what is Korean age?
 And it turns out that in Korea and other parts of East Asia. There is a different numbering system for age
 So the Korean system, which is when you're born you're a year old
 Right the minute you come out. That's your first birthday
 Which makes sense because your first birthday is your first birthday. So
 So then you
 Gain another year every New Year's Day. So effectively what that means is everybody gets a year older on the same day
 Which I I like the idea of that because I think birthdays are
 Depressing when you wake up and you're maybe a little bit hungover certainly a bit tired after your birthday and you're another year
 Older whereas in Korea everybody celebrates on the same, but then it'd be hard to get a table in TGI Fridays
 Wouldn't it if everyone had a birthday the same day? Yeah, the soul branch
 Also, you've literally just had to buy everyone Christmas presents and then you have to buy an entire new raft of birthday presents
 Oh, yeah, well you'd get two for one wouldn't you? I mean it would be you can shoot it like that
 Yeah, yeah, yeah
 So there's one system where you get a new birthday a new year every New Year's Day
 There's another system which is the New Year birthday where you are no years old when you're born
 You have your first birthday after a year and then you do the thing where you add a year on New Year's Day
 Or of course, they also use the international system where you just turn one year older on your actual birthday
 So that means you can have three different
 or ages three different ages
 Did anyone else used to think it was so unfair that people born in a leap year like my granny?
 I remember she was born on 29th Feb and I thought that meant she would live four times longer than the rest
 Because we'd always say, you know, oh Gamma's only 15 years old
 And so interesting then I used to get so annoyed and actually she has not lived it turns out four times longer than everyone
 That is a shame. That is a real shame
 But there was a study wasn't there of three four and five year old children
 asking them about you know changing your age and birthdays and stuff and
 Quite a large percentage of them thought that when you had a birthday that was when you got older
 And so if you had like three birthday parties in a week, you would gain three years straight away
 terrifying
 Four-year-olds
 Well the because the Queen to birthday thing I always was when I was a kid
 I was very jealous as you would be and like why do you get two birthdays?
 Because my birthday is the end of January, which is a rubbish time. You should get to choose when your birthday is, shouldn't you?
 Well, the reason apparently the Queen has her
 Birthday the two birthdays was it was George the second who had a November birthday and he was like well the weather's always miserable
 So I'll move it to
 June or whenever really yeah, but the she actually has loads because she has the official birthday the actual birthday and then
 New Zealand Canada Australia. Yeah, we've done it. We mentioned once James worked out that she's actually 79,000 years old
 She was definitely in the high hundreds
 669
 Was it I think this is what's happened to me is that I've actually I've aged in dog years somehow
 We all consider you royalty
 I think that might have come across
 The grand old dame of it. I've actually had five hundred and eighty six birthdays
 In Korea they even find this confusing don't they to the extent that they are apparently changing it
 Although I don't know if they they will the president elect who I think might be president by the time this podcast goes out
 President Yoon
 He says he plans to abolish it and seventy one percent of Koreans are in favor of abolishing it because they're confused
 And also when you have things like the retirement age sometimes
 There was a thing with COVID wasn't there where you were getting your injections at a certain age
 But they didn't say whether it was your Korean age or your international age or whatever and so people were kind of gaming the system
 Well, I suppose as well for things like if you're you know on the cusp of being able to drink booze or yeah
 I remember when I was young and I used to I didn't like to lie because I'm very Catholic
 guilty so if I was asked for my age when I was trying to buy a booze illegally I would say oh well I am in
 My 18th year
 No, of course not because I've sounded like I was a Victorian
 I am in my 18th year you're either a time javeler or you're in your hundred and fifty
 Well, the other thing for Koreans that is difficult is that you?
 Greet people and talk to people differently depending on their age
 So you do actually need to know how old people are because that will affect how you talk to them
 So if you're saying happy birthday to someone if they're your age or younger
 You say sang ill took her hey if they're a little bit older than you you say sang ill took her hey you and
 If they're much older than you you say sang ill do okay
 Yeah, yeah, I was so confident at the beginning
 Do you know that's some witch doctor?
 I apologize to our Korean listeners, but that itself seems absolutely
 ripe with the potential for offense because if you're someone's older than you
 Well here you just get some of the very insulting card and that's how you do
 Horrible card that you see in the shops racks and racks of these cards saying you old bastard
 I always just go for one with a dog on the front or something
 Well, it is women overwhelmingly buy greetings cards, don't they but they buy them for men to give so apparently
 It's like I'm gonna make up a statistic because why not like
 80% of greetings cards are bought by women so it's women buying really you know cards for their husbands to give to people
 They really don't like but not back to them to give to other other members of the family or friends or whatever
 Go to a shop if you were buying something for your husband to buy for you
 We may have mentioned this before that women buy almost all the candles made on the planet 98% of candles made in the world by women
 And is it is it truly so that women buy horrible candles for their husbands to give people you know smelling of burning tires and stuff like that
 The last candle I bought smelled like Jeremy Clarkson's balls
 Yeah, I was like I recognize that smell
 Yeah
 Yeah, a whole anecdote
 United it's a natural partnership
 Anyway, South Korea yeah in 2017 they became the highest life expectancy in the world
 So a girl who was gonna be born let's say in
 2025 or 2030 would expect to live to about 91 we think
 Men probably around 84
 Now the reason I saw in an article that they're living so long possibly kimchi is very good for you
 Another thing they said hypochondria
 Apparently only 35% of Koreans believe they're in good health and so they all go to the doctors a lot
 And apparently that's one reason why they live a long time
 But I also thought that obviously we're adding two years to their age
 Yeah, I mean we have no idea how old these people are. Let's be honest. They are very much
 You know, do you remember we did a story a couple of years ago Doris Day found out that she was two years older than she thought
 she was turning 93 and
 So to sort of celebrate her birthday
 Ohio's office of vital statistics looked into her life and stuff and uncovered some cool stuff about her
 One of the things they uncovered was that she wasn't born in 1924 if she thought she was born in 1922
 So she was 95 in Busan as well, isn't it? She was Korean
 You can't tell how so Doris Day couldn't have told how old she was by going in a scanner or something because I was reading about this
 It's so hard to tell how old people are based on their bones
 So there are lots of arenas where it's tested like dental scans and the other thing is wrist bones
 Apparently, this is a way of measuring but it's not very accurate because when do you think you get your adult wrists?
 I thought that I had the I think men get them about 13 or 14
 Just in time. I genuinely thought I had the wrist now that I was born with
 James, you're not Popeye
 Because James got quite powerful wrists, you know, do I yeah, but what I thought so you're born with a wrist
 I mean, you know, I know babies are floppy
 Basically wrists can reach maturity, which is where the bones are fused in a particular way
 As young as the age of 15, but on average it's 17.6 years that you know
 That's the average age that rests mature
 But it completely varies and most children do have adult wrists as it were before they are actually adults
 So that is a bad way of telling what so I didn't actually realize our wrist fused differently as adults to as children
 I assume they were just the same as the rest of us and gradually grew but they transform into grown-up wrists
 Yeah, they do they develop they develop more serious wristwatches. That's the way
 The old Mickey Mouse watch falls off
 Timex or something grows in its place. Yeah, just like bones music like your collarbone for example that that's the last bit
 Of your body. Yeah
 Interesting, but then also even if you can tell that they're probably over 15 or whatever you can't tell anything beyond that by the wrist
 Can you so everyone's either under 15 to 17 or over 15 to 17 if that's how you're aging people and also you've had to cut off their hand
 This is gonna make getting into nightclubs very
 Like with fish you can tell with their ears right they have little otoliths in their ears
 Yeah, and they get an extra, you know, it's like a tree ring
 Yeah, and you can count the rings, but we don't have that. It's what you're saying. That's what I'm saying
 You know happy birthday. Yeah song because I don't know if we mentioned that it was illegal for it
 It wasn't illegal for ages. It was copyrighted for ages. Sorry
 Yeah, but people in yeah, people in TV shows and films would sing. Yeah, exactly
 Exactly, we're just sort of how it gets on anyway
 It was even illegal to sing it in a made-up language. I like it so much
 There was an episode of Star Trek where they were going to sing a happy birthday in Klingon and they checked it out
 They thought no, we can't do that. Wow thousands of dollars to, you know, water triple who had it
 So they replaced it with for he's a jolly good fellow in Klingon. I
 Read something the other day on Twitter and I think it was Jason Haseley who tweeted this but it could have been Joel Morris
 But they basically said that when you sing happy birthday, the first note you sing is the lowest note you will ever sing
 Yes, and that's really useful to know because when you get to the end
 It's too high and you know if you started too high then you can't reach that last note
 But if you know that the first one is the lowest you can start really low
 And by the time you get to the end you'll be able to sing it properly
 I did anyone else genuinely think that James Wendt is the lowest note you'll ever sing
 The only way you can reach those depths
 That is the note that makes people poo themselves
 Scientifically proven it makes for very awkward birthday parties
 Okay, it's time for fact number two and that is Anna
 My fact this week is that in 2018 a new quiz show was launched on
 Chinese prime-time TV where all the answers were about Xi Jinping
 Feels like an easy quiz now the quick fire round
 Or if you're doing blockbusters, which acts
 Like well, he's lived a long time now, I think he's done quite a lot
 So there's a lot of stuff to memorize there
 But yeah, it managed to last for five full episodes of Xi Jinping based trivia. It wasn't it wasn't canceled
 Well, it can't have been cancelled because the ratings were like, I don't think yeah
 Yeah, it wasn't counts that are the questions like which
 Premier from China looks nothing like Winnie the Pooh
 It was quite similar to that
 Some people would say it was embarrassingly brazen
 But so this was on Hunan TV, which is China's most popular TV channel for young people and it's called studying Xi in the new era
 and it was about
 understanding his thought and memorizing bits of his speeches and knowing interesting facts about his life and
 The questions were things like and they all got it right. So I think well, you would wouldn't you?
 You would the ones who got it wrong. We now move to sudden death. I
 Watched a quiz over Christmas and it was a Harry Potter quiz
 And it was loads of teams and they were all massive Harry Potter nerds. No one got a single question wrong in the whole show
 One person would get one question wrong and then that would be the end because no one else would get anything wrong
 Was that close to by Helen Mirren? I don't recall. Yeah, maybe there wasn't sort of Harry Potter tournament
 Because you ask young people about anything they're interested in and they know everything about it
 That's the beauty of being young and having a memory isn't it?
 It's absolutely pointless. It reminds me of when Andy Osho was on mastermind the brilliant comedian Andy Osho
 And her specialist subject was John Humphries who was the host at the time
 Yeah, get in his head. Is there an advantage to getting in his head? I guess so well
 I mean, it's a very strange place to be his head
 I mean, yeah, I did mastermind when he was the host and we had to you know
 You do like the banter and it was a very strange chat
 I mean, we'll come back to that can I ask quickly about the Andy Osho thing when he phrased the questions
 Did he ask about himself in the third person or did he say what a what a color of my pants?
 Anyway, so Xi Jinping is I'm sure he's very embarrassed about this program and just can't leave
 They made it about him and it feels dreadful that they've had to do it, but it does feel a bit like a propaganda thing
 But they there's some interesting facts. I learned about him from it
 So he knows the whole of Faustus off by heart because one of the questions was
 At the age of 15 president Xi was sent to become a farmer during that period
 He walked 15 kilometers to borrow a book. What was the name of the book?
 Faustus very strong
 Anna I was reading this this this she quiz was a follow-up to another ideology-based quiz, which was called marks got it right
 Mmm, which had a very ambiguous take actually on Marks's legacy
 We could have called it like top marks or something
 The New York Times reported that contestants have nothing to lose but their chains, which is a very good nice. That's funny
 Yeah, and the winner is everyone
 Forever
 Just in terms of Chinese high-stakes quizzing
 The exam to be in the civil service in Imperial China
 Was even more gruelling than this TV game show
 So you would take bedding a chamber pot in can brushes and spend three days and two nights
 In an exam center
 And if people died the walls were so high that apparently nothing could get in so that there was no possibility of cheating
 And also you'd write your exam paper, and then it would be transcribed by someone else so that there was no chance of somebody
 Seeing your handwriting and recognizing it and if you died you were just bundled up in a sack and tossed over the fence
 I tossed over the wall. Um, is that right? Thanks for playing
 School there was always a rumor wasn't there in your GCSE's or whatever that if someone died in your year then everyone would get an A
 Do you remember that? No
 They just told us if someone died they get tossed over the wall
 Yeah, that's more of an incentive isn't it really?
 Yeah, it was amazing that thing wasn't it it changed throughout their centuries because these exams they took place throughout all the different
 Chinese eras but at one stage
 They came up with them an exam to do the exam and then when you pass that exam
 You would get to do the main exam and then everyone who did that main exam then would do one final exam
 So you had to do two exams to get to the final exam the emperor themselves would apparently supervise the final exam
 Invigilate yeah, again, that's very scary hearing the clack clack clack
 And no gum
 Apparently the first exam that you would do which was the regional one
 It was so big and so important that all of your family and friends would kind of sit outside because they want to know how you did and
 They would set up like stalls and food stalls and stuff so that they'd be able to see
 On communism and quizzing in 1975 on University Challenge
 You'll probably know this Lucy and James about the Manchester University
 Team which was David Aronovich. I didn't know he did this journalist now
 Of course very famous journalist, but he was a socialist student back then and he ended with a team
 It seems to be some kind of accident because they entered intending to take down University Challenge from the inside for its elitism
 Okay, and answered sort of Trotsky Engels marks until they got told off for a question. Okay. Well, yes until
 Bambagasco and got really pissed off which of the Kardashians
 Yeah, no footage exists of it sadly. No, but yeah, it's a legendary University Challenge
 And that it's interesting that no footage exists because it's really the fallibility of memory because
 According to David Aronovich, he just said nonsense answers. He remembers it as like he answered like yellow brick road or fluffy hat
 I did what the the sort of so-called celebrity one which is much easier
 Yeah, everyone's like, yeah, you want to do the actual University Challenge
 But yeah, no, I and I went to pieces completely me and Rob Rinder judge Rinder
 They're looking like oh, what are we doing?
 But Lucy was yours was a protest about the elitism of University Challenge
 It absolutely was yet one woman protest stage through the medium of looking a bit confused
 He was testing about his wig
 Well, the no footage exists of that but there is footage readily available of the contestant on
 Family Fortunes the UK version of family feud who answered the same thing
 To every single question in the final round. So I'll ask you the question. Yeah, let's see
 So name a food that you would stuff
 Turkey pepper
 Stuff peps looking turkey was my first thought well turkey is your first thought and that was exactly what
 He answered every single question. Oh every question. Yeah
 Was the stuff one the first answer and then he's got stuck on turkey. No was the next one name a country
 Which?
 What do you get if you remove the letter n from the word turn key
 Yeah, well what they think happened was, you know, they have a soundproof booth
 And obviously something had gone wrong with the soundproof booth and he had heard
 The guy who went first answered the question name a foodie stuff with chicken
 He's sort of lost his mind
 And he came out and the first question was name something you'd take to the beach
 Maybe he did maybe him and that turkey had great days down Brighton Beach
 There's a Chinese quiz show at the moment
 Where one of the most recent episodes one of the people in there had to spell the word toad
 and not only did they get it wrong there were three judges and
 They couldn't decide whether or not they'd spelled it, right? Well, hey, there are two ways of spelling toad
 Toad the line toad the car or
 Yeah, this is obviously the Chinese characters dictation competition. Oh, sorry. We were in China
 Yeah, we're in China and the thing is that the word toad for the animal has 46 different individual strokes
 And so if you want to do it perfectly, it's actually really really difficult a lot of people make mistakes
 And it was a 14-year-old contestant called you shwang and she missed out one little dot
 In the word toad and two of the three judges noticed and then she got kicked out
 So it wasn't done. It's not done verbally. Is it where you have to say a straight line and then a curve
 So you write it down and then the cameras can see it
 But her teammates are there as well and the camera sort of pans to them and they're all kind of drawing it with their finger in
 The sky, do you know I mean
 That's a really crazy format. Yes, spelling bee in China. Yeah, I didn't write how far bees go back generally and they
 I mean they evolved obviously from insects. No, not those kind of bees
 Bees go back over two centuries. I think in America
 I was looking up the earliest mentions of them in the late 18th century
 There are references to things like quilting bees
 That seems to be the earliest kind and bee just meant a gathering of people who were doing something that was kind of useful
 Often for a single person so a quilting bee would be like this person needs a quilt
 Takes months to make a quilt. They're cold now if we get together
 We'll get it done in one day and you'd have a quilting bee
 But the thing I like best is raising bees
 They were for when a new settler came to town and wanted to live there
 And I guess it was in America where lots of new people were turning up a lot
 Then the raising bee was when the village would get together and build them a house
 Rock up and be like, do you mind having a raising bee?
 The barn thing because the film witness with Harrison Ford where he's he's a cop and he's there's a murderer
 And Amish murder has happened and he's in this weird community that he doesn't know anything about and there's a scene where they raise a barn
 Oh, really? Yeah, it's confusing, isn't it? Because rays can mean either lift something up or burn it to the ground
 If you get the wrong memo, yeah
 If you missed the spelling bee last week
 Turn up a bit late
 Well, if you get the wrong end of the stick with spelling bee then you could be very embarrassed because you think you've just got a spell bee
 Which is one of the easiest words to spell. I might have a drinking bee later if anyone's interested
 Let's just apply bee to anything
 I'm having a crying bee if anyone wants to join in
 When you were on mastermind Lucy, did you win mastermind?
 I well, I don't like to talk about it, but I have won it twice and I'm the current champion of champions
 But I don't like to mention it. I wish I hadn't brought that
 What are your special subjects? So I did Steve Martin the first time and then Victoria Wood
 The second time that I did it, but I thought it'd be quite a nice thing to just sit and watch his movies for a couple of days
 Very good because you are a quiz a but you're also a quiz a I would say because the word quiz a the first use of it
 It was someone who tells jokes
 So a quiz used to be a comedian in
 1797 according to the Oxford English Dictionary the word quiz
 I've meant someone who does pranks or jokes or whatever and then obviously the word quiz is more more recent than that
 Isn't it for like quizzing? We think it's 20th century
 Well I for years the legendary origin story of the word quiz was that there was the an Irish theatrical impresario
 Who wanted to attract attention so wrote it on walls in Dublin and everyone said oh, what is quiz and
 Complete nonsense, obviously. Yeah, that guy was called Richard Daly and the anecdote the earliest I could find was from
 1835 in the Manchester Times
 But he died in 1813 so it's quite
 Close to him dying that the anecdote was was used, you know quite contemporary or so on it. How have you seen that word?
 I was listening to an old episode and I realized that I don't know how to say that word and I think I've said it quite often
 I don't know how to say I'm gonna leave it but Richard Daly's really interesting
 He he went to Trinity College in Dublin when he was 15 and he was a really turbulent student
 He used to get into fights all the time. Apparently he fought 16 duels in the first two years that he was
 And then he left Dublin to go and live in London and we're not sure why but one of the rumors was that he killed a billiard table marker
 In a duel and he had to leave and go to London
 That's a person not a thing well it could be a misprint for maker
 But all of the sources say markers so it could be someone who draws the lights on a billiard table all the old crafter dying out
 Wow, but yeah, and then he went to prison
 After he was doing a show and he got in a fight with an audience member
 And when he was in prison, he wrote a lured account of an affair with one of his singers who was called Elizabeth Billington
 and she was amazing she was
 Basically of all the English singers who have ever gone to Italy up to the current day
 She had the best reputation as the best singer from England ever in Italy. Okay until she shagged this guy
 Well, she was you know, she was sometimes known as the Poland Street Mantrap
 Because she had affairs
 The Prince of Wales the Duke of Sussex this person
 And this was the woman who shagged the guy who apparently did actually didn't write the word quiz about town. That's why we're talking about her
 Well, I'm delighted to have heard of her. I want to hear her version of happy birthday
 The Poland Street Mantrap
 I'm gonna go and hang around Poland
 The Poland Street man repellent
 That's what I want to be
 Okay, it's time for fact number three and that is my fact my fact is that in 1804
 William Wordsworth and his sister Dorothy built a hut lined with moss
 Lucy you're familiar with Andy's moss obsession that we're trying to
 Trump down right? I should say this was sent this was sent in
 To me by a guy called Nick Hodder on Twitter. So thank you Nick
 For the moss fact people now send me moss content every week. It's great
 He and Dorothy his sister they visited Scotland in the year before 1803 and they saw this hut
 A wooden hut lined with fog, which is what they called moss at the time
 So they were very taken with it and when they got home to the Lake District, they built their own hut
 Lined it with moss covered it with henna on the outside and it was destroyed very sadly this important bit of English literary heritage
 By the later owner Thomas De Quincey
 Opium fan and fellow word celeb Thomas De Quincey
 And that anyway, so the good news is that in 2020 200 years after this absolute travesty
 They a new version has been built. Isn't it interesting that the word fog in Scotland means moss. Yes, it is weird
 It's weird that isn't it apparently
 It used to be a word for grass like long grass and then it became moss because it's like uncamped ground and they both come from an
 Old Scandinavian word meaning wind blown so you kind of get fog blowing over the hills
 And you would also get the wind blown grass, and it comes from an old Norwegian word fucker
 Seamist or light drizzle
 If you trace any etymology back far enough eventually you can find a swear word
 So it was worth in Dorothy they were tight, weren't they? They were super tight
 The brother and sister obviously but they didn't grow up together or they grew up in the first bit of their childhood together
 And then both of their parents died very sadly, and they were separated and
 William went to school and Dorothy was sent elsewhere and they reunited in adulthood and they seemed to have been full-on soulmates and
 There are even things like the night before words was wedding to Mary who was his childhood sweetheart
 Oh, I actually think was a friend of Dorothy's the night before his wedding
 You're not buying anything
 Sorry, so he married Mary he married Mary the night before his wedding
 Dorothy his sister wore the wedding ring in bed that he was going to give to Mary and then in the morning
 William and Dorothy did this ritual where words were sort of knelt beside her and took the ring off her finger and replaced it
 Onto her finger again, so it was a sort of ceremonial marriage to his sister and then went and married Mary
 Ourses and she didn't go to the wedding at Dorothy his sister. She just no no. She didn't attend
 It's it was a what do we know why was it a wasn't invited venue not big enough kind of thing
 You have to draw a line somewhere
 I
 Think she just was grieving terribly that this was happening and that this big, you know emotional change was happening in her life
 Who knows but she did have a diary which he read by the way
 Another aspect of their relationship, but when she heard the wedding had happened there were people coming up the driveway to inform her
 Oh, yes, they're married now. She wrote I could stand it no longer and threw myself on the bed neither hearing nor seeing anything
 She lived with them for the rest of
 Their lives she outlived William then she died then eventually Mary has so when William died with the two women living together
 Yeah, there's a sick
 Isn't it I can have the ring back now Maggie Smith in that
 Like remember death becomes her that movie with the golden horn kind of gradually disintegrating
 Yeah, there's like two people who live together, but they're immortal
 Yeah, they hate each other and they start trying to beat each other up because they're immortal
 They just all their bones break and their wrists get all floppy
 Wrists
 The subject of the diary and stuff though, but they sort of had joint journals didn't they and they collaborated and I did not know
 That the I wandered lonely as a cloud the inspirational walk for that was one that Dorothy and William took together
 Around Oldswater in 1802
 I mean how annoying would it be if you're on a walk with someone it's far as a poem and it's called
 I wandered lonely as a cloud
 It's my sister had stopped to tie her laces
 And it was her because she wrote wrote up the daffodils encounter
 Yes, they did see a load of daffodils on the walk and then
 And she was right she used some very evocative language about them they were you know bouncing around and flopping about
 You know the the waving
 Dancing host and all of that that was some of that language made its way into the poem. So, you know co-writer credit
 Well, I think they were co-writers of lyrical ballads basically there was this amazing kind of threesome
 They had essentially so it was Dorothy and William and Coleridge
 they all lived together in Dorset for a while and some summer set and they like you said Lucy they wrote in each other's notebooks and
 they sort of finish each other's sentences and
 Dorothy would write up this journal of how their walks and the flowers and the clouds and shit
 So I think it was a collaboration lyrical ballads, but
 Wordsworth wouldn't let anyone else have the copyright of it
 So I think even though it's got a bunch of Coleridge in there. It's got five or six Coleridge poems in there
 It's an ancient mariner including ancient mariner, which is one of you'd want it's the big one that's the biggie
 But like words was such a genius poet and Coleridge was all like words with you're the better one, you know
 I you're the genius you take this so it was
 Well, you first met the Coleridge said he was so excited that he leapt over a fence
 Wordsworth is sweet. It's like a real sort of fanboy. It really is. I mean and I
 Had only recently got to know anything about Wordsworth and I had thought always the daffodils and it's all very prissy and and
 What a life what a life he had
 illegitimate children
 Revolutionary France
 He he was in Revolutionary France
 father to child and then
 Buggered off and couldn't get back to the child for like ten years or something
 The revolution still have it sorry
 So aristocratic that it's a bit of a risk. Yeah, I can't even send any money
 He did send money by the way in case his family listening. Yeah, he did send money
 But yeah, he didn't invite them out of Revolutionary France and they were royalist
 So there was probably some tension for interesting which is very bizarre because he was a Revolutionary at least at the start
 Like all cool trendy people of the day. Obviously went to France thought these whole ideas of equality and fraternity and liberty
 I love it sounds great met loads of other fellow
 Revolutionary reformists and then got a bit put off by all the mass murder that happened
 And I think he was very good friends with someone who I think he saw get executed
 I think that will put you off sometimes
 Well, it's basically his gap year. He was 22 years old when he went with it
 I mean the thing about was that he lived a very long he lived 80 years at the time 1770 to 1850
 So there's a long old life and I think the imagination is of him was quite an old man because he was for you know a while
 When you define older starting well
 You know one thing Wordsworth couldn't do
 Ride a motorcycle
 Yep
 What could we do it is actually the daffodils. He would not have been able. Oh, I know to smell them
 Yeah, no sense of smell. It's a noz mc. I only covered me
 And he had no sense of taste as I think we can tell from the prelude
 Yeah, his nephew Christopher wrote his first ever biography in 1851
 So the year after he died and he wrote with regard to fragrance. Mr. Wordsworth spoke from the testimony of others
 He himself had no sense of smell. God, that's awful as someone who's so infatuated with the countryside and nature and all of that
 How travel although duffels don't really smell. Do they yeah, do they yeah, I don't like the smell of daffodils actually
 Big ol smell. Yeah, you're right. Sorry. There's more very strong of urine. So I've tried
 That's probably why he wrote that he wrote this amazing poem about daffodils and everyone else. Just like I think not the ones that smell
 You say you love to be very old
 But a lot of people would say should have died younger
 should have copped it earlier because he got quite crap later on in life according to I suppose most literary critics and
 Even he when he was asked to be poet laureate when he was 73
 Said look, I don't think I'm good enough. I haven't written anything decent for years
 And he never published anything as poet laureate. Did he?
 When he was asked to be poet laureate, he said no at the start
 But then Robert Peele said well the Queen really wants you to be poet laureate and you don't have to do any work
 So would you like reconsider him? Oh, right fine
 But he was really famous at that time wasn't he and there's a bit where his wife was writing about when he was 77 years old
 She's writing a letter to someone and in the letter
 She says I'm looking up and a group of young tourists are standing before the window
 So they're just people looking in his window and just going oh look there. He is
 And apparently he was reading the newspaper and every time he lifted his head from the newspaper all the tourists would bow to him. Oh
 Amazing, I think they would put you off your work. That's why newspaper
 But he also always wore shades as well when he got older seriously
 Yeah, because he had very inflamed eyes and so he wore dark glasses to stop the light from getting in
 I mean he couldn't smell and then couldn't see anything because of his shades
 Eventually would have been an entirely tactile based poet
 He got quite reactionary as well. He did the old classic. This is why better to die young
 He went from being cool
 Revolutionary reformist and thinking things like he was sort of pop
 He was essential to the founding of the national trust because he really believed in land being shared by everyone
 Everyone should have access and should get outside and experience nature the working classes should be you know
 It should be brought up to the Lake District and show now lovely the rivers are or whatever
 How come I went to let a national trust property the other day and it was four o'clock on a Sunday and he said sorry we're closed
 Yes, sorry about that. They're not saying true to the spirit of words with
 But well, he went off the idea anyway on his later life because he a became very pro the death penalty wrote poems in favor of the death penalty
 Few poems in favor of the death
 Yeah, death penalty found in a poet you don't you don't see them often in one person. What was it called? Do you know?
 Yes, it was cool
 Noose on the loose
 It was called sonnets upon the punishment of death
 Wow
 And he didn't like it actually it turned out when the trains got up and running and people did start getting the train up to
 The Lake District from sort of Manchester and stuff and disturbing his peace and quietude
 Turn into a miserable old goat
 really
 I suppose people standing outside your window. You'd be like, I don't want more of them coming up to stand and look at me
 I'll read the paper and fair enough. I think the death penalty for people who stare
 You drop a guillotine from your window
 Porta's Britain is gonna be
 There'll be quiz shows about me on television
 That's the main thing that I'm looking for
 Okay, it's time for our final fact of the show and that is James
 Okay
 My fact this week is that we know of five people who have died in the Queen Vic in EastEnders
 Although one of them was murdered
 120 years before the TV show began
 Wasn't it they were they were stabbed to death full staring at
 Lucy has been in EastEnders, right? I have
 Yes
 Didn't get murdered in the Queen Vic. So I
 Had a very small part as a woman called Rita who was the love interest of a character called Mitch
 So for our overseas listeners EastEnders is a beloved
 soap opera and if you get a part in EastEnders, it is absolutely mandatory for everyone, you know
 To then talk at you in a cockney accent
 Above the door Frank
 Yeah, but I didn't get to go inside the Queen Vic
 So maybe I was lucky given that it's obviously where all of your
 All of your scenes outdoors. No, I was in the laundrette, which is another
 Iconic location
 But I don't know if I've been killed off because they don't tell you obviously when you go into EastEnders
 they're not allowed to tell you anything about what's going on and
 Especially when I was in it, there was a big murder storyline which has now been resolved
 But they bumped up their murder count because there was a man called gray who was murdering loads of people
 And so I got the script and they were like well
 You can't tell anyone what happens because not my bit was like the little comic relief nonsense
 But this big storyline was being resolved and in fact when I got onto the set
 I was in the laundrette and this murderer
 Came in and it was his last day and I was like oh because he was the most hated man in Britain
 And he came in and it was his last day
 So he did this lovely speech about how wonderful it is and I've had such a wonderful time
 And it was like seeing I don't know Fred West or Ted Bundy
 Well, it's all been a marvellous luck
 Was that in the last four or five years then that was in the last year so because yeah, because I know
 EastEnders wasn't very murdery for a while. It was always the Coronation Street
 I think was the most murdery and then Holly Oaks
 Holly Oaks took over
 I've got friend who's in Holly Oaks and during COVID she had to do some kissing scenes
 But she couldn't do it because obviously you weren't allowed to go near and so her partner had to come on and be her
 Love interest, but you only kind of saw his shoulder the whole time. He's a singer in a band
 He's got long hair very skinny guy and her partner was this kind of hunky Asian bloke
 Amazing bit of camera work
 Needle-to-thread
 When I was filming it was like you couldn't that you had to stand and shout across the laundry at each other
 It's a noisy working environment
 Did you have to do the tennis ball on a stick thing what's that any standards during COVID?
 They had I watched a sort of little documentary on all the tricks they had to do
 And one of them was whenever you see anyone in a close-up scene with someone else in EastEnders during COVID
 They were talking to an empty space, but they would put a little tennis ball at the top of a pole
 Which was where you were supposed to look to see their eyes
 So if they're sobbing or lunging or chassing it's always engaging with the tennis ball
 So those two person shots where you see their face, but the other person's back of their head
 The reverse or they did it in plates. So they did it
 Um, they'd filmed one person a bit like how they did the parent trap
 Um
 I mean they could have used it to make someone their own twin for a while if you're going to do it that way
 Yeah, they could have done like is it eddie murphy in that movie not he prefers the two the clumps. Yeah. Yeah
 Or in kind hearts and coronets would probably be a better
 Everyone's film Mitchell film it should have had a completely film Mitchell episode EastEnders
 Where he played all the roles
 I haven't really explained the fact have I no sorry that I should very very quickly
 so, um, they
 Um, in night in February 2020 one character called Sharon Mitchell decided to tell a story
 Sorry, the tennis with which you said one of the seminal EastEnders characters names. Is that sorry
 She's one of the five biggest characters in it
 I'm so sorry Dean. I mean she's brilliant. Oh, is it? Yeah
 Well by my accent, you could probably tell I'm a coronation street guy
 Uh, anyway, so Sharon Mitchell talked about mr. And mrs. Bagstock who were the original landlord and landlady of the queen Vic
 And apparently back in the 1860s when the fictional queen Vic was first built
 And these this landlord killed his landlady by drowning her in the bath
 Uh, and maybe that's why they've had so much bad luck in Elba Square
 It's a haunted pub effectively
 Yeah, I tried to see if there was a such person as mr. Bagstock
 Uh in London, but bag stock doesn't appear to even be a name
 It's in Dombie and Sons, but I think it's just a made-up Dickens name. Oh, that's quite it. That's a nice literary pedigree though
 For this random bit of queen Vic trivia. That's great. Um, so one thing
 That the the EastEnders hasn't come on with William Wordsworth. Oh, yeah, they can't smell. They can't
 Nobody can smell. Yeah, it's a death penalty. Yeah
 Um, they daffodils
 Oh, so there are some daffodils in albert square
 But wordsworth wouldn't have been able to smell these ones for a very good reason, which is that they're fake
 Oh, and the reason that they're fake daffodils. I'm probably
 Good filming reasons for that, but also they film is it about six weeks in advance you film the episodes about six weeks later
 So they they make it look like springs
 Even though it's still winter
 Right, so that's that's their way of doing it. It's basically a time portal and then at the other end of the year
 They obviously they have to shave the trees
 No, that's I'm joking. That's that's not real because I was thinking the very first lines of the first episode of EastEnders
 Was dirty dan walks in and he goes sticks in here. Oh, yeah
 So it might have been sticks of weed here from all those daffodils
 Definitely real
 Dirty daff
 Well, didn't he get killed by someone was holding a bunch of flowers the first time he wasn't actually dead
 But someone was holding a bunch of daffodils and they shot them shot him through it. So come on. I love it. It's all tying together
 My god
 David Lynch isn't it?
 We've broken EastEnders wide open
 Um, so the person behind EastEnders was Julia, one called Julia Smith who when she was
 Advertising for jobs said only EastEnders need apply
 So it was all real people from the East End of London at first who were on it
 And they weren't actually calling EastEnders at the time. They were calling it East 8
 And she wrote that they called it East 8 referred to it as East 8 when they were working on the show before it came out
 And then she realized a bunch of her friends were saying what's this estate program? You've got when it's not coming out
 And it's just is the word estate, but it could have been called other working titles square dance
 Yeah around the houses, which isn't another show
 That's quite a good title round the houses. It sounds like a much more huggable. I think there are fewer murders in round
 Yeah, that's the level 76.com. Is that that's that's the terry and june style
 Oh, Reg Cox is fine. He was just pretending to prank
 um
 On the subject of the script security
 Because you know it's set in wallford, right? So this was the fictional play save created
 so when my husband was in EastEnders a few years ago and the
 Uh, it was christmas day episode which again, you know, they don't want anything to get out about the christmas episode
 So they have this ridiculous procedure where they send you a script
 But they won't send the password to unlock that script to the same email that they've sent the script to because obviously that might get hacked
 So what they do then is they
 Phone you and then they give you another special code which sort of unlocks something else. Anyway, it's it's like a seven stage
 You'd be easier to get the nuclear code
 To get into an EastEnders script, but what really made me laugh when my husband did it was
 They went through all of this and he was he had to be by the phone at a certain time take the phone call
 And he answered the phone went uh, uh, and then started typing it in and the password was wallford
 And then I did it recently and they have changed it because
 I tell everyone I knew about that but the a was a four, wasn't it? So no
 Yeah, impenetrable levels. Wow. Walford probably named after walford road, which is in dolston
 because one of the other co-creator with
 julia smith julia smith was tony holland
 And he lived in dolston or nearby and he probably saw walford road and gave it that name
 He based albert square on a place called facet square in dolston
 Which I went to yesterday had a cycle round
 Very nice and the nearest pub to facet square is called the victoria
 Which i'm fairly certain must be where he got the idea for the queen vic name at least
 Because it's got it it's licensed in 1848. So it's a very very old pub. Anyway, I went there last night and
 You discovered you were your own father
 The whole place burned down. I was so hoping for that kind of thing. But basically it's the
 Abstriest place you can possibly imagine instead of like light fixtures
 It has upside down plant pots with trees coming out of it and it sells four different types of kombucha
 But it's
 Kind of IPA and and read my book doc coffee wouldn't have approved of all of this would I mean everybody does complain
 About the fact that east enders is now set in an area of london where nobody who's in it could afford to live
 You know, it would all be merchant bankers and hedge fund managers or podcasters
 Your podcast is doing well. Just me not most podcasters, but yeah the um, but off-com
 I was reading all the off-com complaints about east enders and uh one complaint was people saying that
 Uh, people spend too much time in the cafe
 Someone had calculated how much the characters would spend if they were buying the amount of drinks and snacks because of course
 They're always eating and drinking. Yeah, but have you seen how many times Peggy Mitchell said it's on the ass
 It's on the ass. That's true. That's how it would have gone under. Yes. Very good. They're almost off re-drinking
 I was reading some of the other complaints actually
 And there was one saying that people were throwing the cigarette butts on the ground and if they did that
 Why did they not get a fixed penalty notice for doing it?
 You can be yeah, you can be having an affair with your brother's sister's
 cat
 But the unrealistic thing is
 Um, something else realistic is um, Barbara Windsor's life
 It was thought that her life was quite true to the what seems like a very unrealistic east ender's life
 So she was she was quite
 In the gang world really. Yeah 70s 80s
 She went out with Ronnie Cray. Hold on. Who was the not mad one? She went out with Reggie Cray
 Ronnie was the really mad one, wasn't he? I mean, it's like it's like the williams sisters. They're both good at tennis
 She went out with the equivalent of venus williams, I suppose in Cray brothers
 And she was married
 She was married to another guy called Ronnie knight who was another gangster really the venus williams of the underworld
 That's amazing. He'd have been so flattered. I think both be flattered by that
 No, ladies and gentlemen, please give your applause to the Ronnie Cray
 Oh
 So she married a Ronnie Ronnie knight
 Who was another kind of gangster and Ronnie knight's brother?
 I ended up reading his Wikipedia page basically his brother
 His brother's killer and the man who killed his brother's killer were all murdered
 That's a trait. That's a trailer for murders. Sorry. So sorry. So Ronnie knight Barbara Windsor's husband was
 His brother was murdered
 Okay, and then his brother's killer was murdered
 And then his brother's killer's killer was murdered
 It's an endless trail of murder and I'm still picturing it in the world of tennis and it's becoming
 I mean in the word of gangsters, it's not as implausible. This is we're still in the group stages
 And did de Barbara Windsor kill all of those?
 Turns out yes
 Well, actually her husband Ronnie knight probably did kill his brother's killer because he admitted to it in his autobiography later
 But he'd already been tried for it and exonerated. So under double jeopardy. They couldn't get him in your face
 There is a thing about so Lucy you said about
 The murder stats way higher in east enders
 I think so in east enders, it's about a hundred. You're about a hundred times as likely to be murdered in east enders as you are in Britain
 Um, but there is good. There's a concomitant bit of good news. Which is that
 Um residents of wallford are much more romantically faithful than real people. Oh really? Yeah
 Both of these things are only good news and bad news if you live in the world of east enders
 They are not in the real world bad news for all of us except me. So I just need to be in full time
 So on the show, it's a
 Tiny percentage two percent of female and 1.7 percent of male characters having a fair each year
 Is that right? I always thought they were all having affairs in east enders. Me too. I would have thought
 So this is a study from 2003. So maybe they've sexed it up since then
 But that's way lower than the stats from 2003 for men and women in the uk having affairs
 Also, this was the other finding the men of albert square
 Also less likely to visit a prostitute
 That's good. Just 0.18 percent of them are knocking on that door. Good on them. Yeah
 Well, again, you see I should I should be suggesting this to the storyline as I should say I could I mean become a sex worker
 Make the show more realistic. I could be the man trap of wallford
 Okay, that's it that's all of our facts
 Thank you so much for listening
 If you would like to get in touch with any of us about the things that we've said on the course of this show
 We can all be found on our twitter accounts. I'm on at andrew hunter m james at james harkin
 lucy lucy portacomic
 And anna you can email our podcast at qi.com or you can go to our group account, which is at no such thing
 If you want to go to our website, which is no such thing as a fish.com
 We have all of our previous episodes there and lots of merch live shows. We're coming to scotland and wales quite soon
 There's all sorts of other stuff there
 So go and check it out if you like and you should also check out lucy's podcast. It's fingers on buzzers
 She hosts it with previous fish guest jenny ryan. So you're getting two fish
 graduates
 For the price of none fingers on buzzers check it out wherever you get your podcasts from
 And we will be back again next week with another episode of the podcast. We'll see you then. Goodbye
 You
 You
 You
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
