 [Music]
 Hi everyone, welcome to this week's episode of No Such Thing as a Fish. Ho, ho, ho, it's nearly Christmas.
 The presents are already wrapped. You've already bought your copy of everything to play for.
 The QI Book of Sport by James Harkin and Anna Tyshinski.
 You've already bought your copy of The Theory of Everything Else by Dan Schreiber.
 And you've already bought two copies of The Sanctuary and The Last Day by Andrew Hunter Murray.
 The Sprouts are simmering. The quality streets are already been mostly eaten
 apart from the horrible ones. And what else is there to do apart from listening to some podcasts?
 Well, what do we have for you? It's basically the start of our Christmas season.
 We're already in the Christmas mood. So the next three episodes are all special episodes.
 The first one you're going to hear right now is a look back at 2023. All of our favorite facts from
 the news of this year. Recorded live at the Soho Theatre in London. Then next week you're going
 to get our Christmas special where again at the Soho Theatre we talked about all of our favorite
 facts about Christmas, food and drink. And then in the silly season between Christmas and New Year
 you'll get a very special show where Andy opens up the mailbox and finds all the facts that you
 sent us over the last couple of years. And we discuss those, find out which ones are true,
 which ones are not true, which ones are interesting and which ones, frankly, you probably shouldn't
 have sent in that drunken stupid at 2am. Anyway, really hope you enjoyed these three episodes.
 I'm away from my desk for the next couple of weeks so I'll be enjoying them with you too and
 we will see you in the New Year. Okay, there's not much more to say apart from to remind you to
 buy all of those books. Go to know such things as a fish dot com forward slash books to find
 information about those. But sit back, relax, put your feet up and listen to this week's episode
 of Know Such Things as a Fish. Okay, on with the podcast.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of Know Such Things as a Fish, a weekly podcast this week
 coming to you live from the Soho Theatre in London. My name is Dan Schreiber. I am sitting here
 with Anna Tyshinski, Andrew Hunter Murray and James Harkin. And once again, we have gathered
 around the microphone with our four favorite facts, but this time with our four favorite facts from
 the News of the Year 2023. And in no particular order here we go. Starting with fact number one,
 and that is Andy. My fact is that after a journey of 60 million miles this year, NASA finally brought
 a fragment of an asteroid back to Earth in a special capsule. Unfortunately, they can't get
 into it because they don't have the right screwdriver. Pretty amazing. It's one of Philip's heads,
 isn't it? Yeah, it's a crosshead problem. No, so this is true. So NASA launched a mission to an
 asteroid called Bennu, which is big and it's about... Slow down, Professor. Sorry. It's not that big
 actually, but it's like it's chunky enough to do some damage if it hit the Earth, which it might
 at some point in the next 300 years. Not imminent, but we need to keep an eye on it. Wouldn't it be
 ironic if it came down, hit the Earth, and then the box just sort of sprang open? So it's not why
 we're getting bit. Are they going back and forth, back and forth, gradually making it smaller and
 smaller in the next 300 years? That's it. What a great idea. It's not... Yeah! It's not exactly what...
 I think they're doing it because it was nearer than a lot of other asteroids and it's worth studying,
 basically. So it's 500 meters across, which is not tiny. It's called the most dangerous rock in the
 solar system. That sounds pretty bad. Yeah, but isn't that truly the most dangerous rock, Earth?
 That's a good thought. Anyway, because it's home to man... No, we got it. Sorry, okay. We understand.
 So what's the deal? They've built a box that they can't open. Yeah, we are. Because particularly,
 it didn't come in the box. The asteroid didn't arrive in the box. That would be more worthy of
 study, if anything. But no, it's very, very old as well. It hasn't changed its composition for four
 billion years, which is why it's worth studying as well. It predates the solar system. That's
 pretty interesting. So NASA launched this amazing mission. They launched it seven years ago. It
 took four years to get to Bennu. It landed. Oh, in fact, it didn't even land. So it just sort of
 nicked the edge of it. It scraped it for six seconds. It just touched the edge of it, grabbed
 some fragments from it, got those into a specially made capsule, an incredibly good capsule.
 And then it finally landed back on Earth this year. Sounds like it pickpocketed the asteroid,
 doesn't it? It did. The thing I read said it touched its bottom for six seconds, which is...
 But isn't that amazing? Amber behaviour, yeah. I often get blown away by the precision of science
 in space, where that's your window. If you miss that, it's probably a big deal to have to turn
 around, go back. It probably would be. So they're like, but six seconds. That's what we have. Six
 seconds. It's incredible. It's wonderful. And the problem is now it's in a glove box, right? Yes.
 And they can't get it out of the glove box. They call it a glove box, don't they? Yeah, and it's
 especially, it's a really good box. It's a really good box, but you have to wear gloves to get into
 it. Yeah. You know those things like, I don't know how to describe them, but it's like a Perspex box,
 and the kind of rubber gloves are attached to the box. Oh, yeah. And you have to put them in, which
 is weird. Like when they're dismantling a bomb or they're... Did they do that? Like Homer. Homer is
 the beginning of the Simpsons. That is the bomb. That's just like a new... No, no, no. I was thinking
 of the movie Speed and then I went to the Simpsons very quickly. I want to know who's put a bomb
 inside this Perspex box. Yeah. It's such a weird place to put a bomb, isn't it? Thank God they put
 it there though. You can get to it safely. So what is true here? You have to wear special gloves to open
 this box because they've forgotten the gloves. Inside the glove box, you're not allowed to put
 just anything in there because it's such a sealed environment. They've got some tools in there already,
 but none of them is the right tool. They've undone all bars, two of the screws. There were loads of
 screws originally. It wasn't just two, but the last two are proving really fiddly and they can't just
 use a Phillips screwdriver because everything has to be... It's a clean room and they can't
 get any... I think it's filled with nitrogen because it'll react with oxygen and that'll
 be a disaster. So they're having to be so careful. The amount they've got inside the box is about
 the weight of a hamster, roughly. We don't know it's not a hamster. No. There's no way of knowing.
 Well, it is see-through, so we can see it's not a hamster. Also, it came with a load of bonus
 stuff, like when it's gooped into the.... Oh, this stuff! Sorry. When they scooped...
 What else? A T-shirt saying my dad went to this asteroid and all I got was this shitty shirt.
 When they did the scraping, most of it ended up in the capsule, but there's loads of other stuff
 around the edge of the capsule, another 70 grams or so. So they have started studying that already.
 Okay. It's very exciting. Have you seen the screws that they can't get into? Yes. This is a piece of
 them. It basically looks like an allen key, doesn't it? It does. But it's like, you know,
 you can never quite get the right size of allen key. Yeah. That's what it looks like. I think that's
 what it is, isn't it? I think so. So when can we get in, do you think? Well, they're sort of
 designing special tools to get into it. It's not going to be forever. But I mean, task rabbit is
 very good for this sort of thing like that. But they do they do know a couple of things already
 from it, which is really exciting. And so Britain has a little bit of it, very thrilling. Sorry. I
 said Britain has a bit of the sample, very thrilling. Wait a minute, how can that be?
 Yeah, well, it's all in a box. No, no, no. Because there was 70 grams of bonus material outside the
 box. So that has been parceled up and sent around the place a bit. Britain has 100 milligrams total.
 Brilliant. Yeah. It's unfortunately it's now been sent to Rwanda.
 Well, it will be. Yeah. But this I read a thing about the scientists who are looking at it and
 they're analyzing it grain by grain. They have such detailed studies that they can do that some
 of them said, yeah, we might be looking at this for the rest of our careers. And it's literally
 100 milligrams of dirt. And what are they trying to what do you think they're trying to work out
 from what they're studying? The origin of like clues to the origin of the solar system. Yeah.
 Okay, right. Apparently it contains nanoglobuls of organic material, which sounds faintly.
 Ah, so that could show that maybe a life can be ceded around the universe as well by asteroids.
 That's always what they're hoping for, isn't it? No, but it's just a little bit of dust, lifeless
 dust. Another bit of lifeless dust. But there are things in that there are things called pre-solar
 grains, which this is so cool, right? These are grains of particles. They're less than one micron
 across, which really is very small. And they belong to the previous dead stars and ancient kind of
 cosmic dust that our solar system formed from. So they're like the ingredients of our sun, but
 before our sun formed are on this thing. Wow. That's cool. There's also, as we're recording in
 the last day or so, been a very exciting discovery made by NASA as well. They found a tomato that's
 been missing on the International Space Station for eight months. That's not still going to be good.
 It's not going to be good. You'd eat it. But there was... I'd eat it. Yeah, I'll have it if it's still
 going. There was a guy called Frank Rubio, and he was basically doing a harvest up on the International
 Space Station. He had a bunch of little tomatoes and other things, and one of them just went missing.
 And he got accused of eating, and he was like, "I didn't eat it." And they're like, "Well, we can't
 find it anywhere." He left the International Space Station. It's been eight months. And just
 yesterday, someone was like, "Is that the tomato that has been..." That's incredible.
 And it's all shriveled and all disintegrated. Wow. Yeah, so... And he's back on Earth going,
 "I told you so." He literally is, because every press conference, they were like, "Yeah, yeah,
 yeah, yeah, great stuff about space. The tomato, did you definitely not eat it? Because it feels
 like you did." And it's... You know, the International Space Station is about six bedrooms worth of
 room if you were walking through it. It'd be a house with six bedrooms. It's quite big.
 But you would think you'd be able to find a tomato. Oh, I don't know. Cherry tomato or normal
 tomato? So it's a... Yeah, it's like more like a cherry tomato. I think we have a format here,
 actually. Yeah. OK, so it's the four of us. Yeah. We go to a celebrity's house. Sure.
 Yeah, it's like through the keyhole. Yeah. We hide the tomatoes somewhere in the
 celebrity's house. And they have to find it. But what's the through the keyhole bit? Well,
 the interesting part is not finding the tomato. That's deadly boring. You actually get to see
 the celebrity's house. Oh, because you're going through their underwear drawer, because they're a
 tomato. Yeah, yeah, yeah. OK. But then the problem is you go around Alan Titchmark's house, because
 it's fucking tomatoes everywhere. That's the last page of where's Wally? I remember. There's just
 loads of Wally's. Yeah, that's right. Alan Titchmark included. Yeah. OK. So, you know,
 these people, you're talking about Andy, who travelled millions and millions of miles to get
 this cosmic bit of asteroid. Well, they didn't. I mean, it was an uncrewed mission. You're right.
 They sent out their little drone. They didn't need to do it, because there's loads of it on
 earth, isn't there? As I think we've discussed before, lots of bits of asteroid raining down on
 earth all the time. And this was in the news this year, because scientists have identified 13
 cathedrals that they're going to start vacuuming for bits of asteroid. Wow. Really? The Guttus?
 And the... Or inside the... The roofs. Yeah. Yeah, up top. So, it's the Penny Vosniakiewicz
 and the Matthias van Ginneken. And they basically want to understand how bits of debris from space
 come to earth. These sound like two Russian guys, and they're going to come looking at
 our cathedrals, aren't they? They've done souls, Bree, and they like what they saw.
 No, it's a man and a woman who I don't think are related to Putin's regime in any way.
 But, yeah, they've said here are 13 cathedrals, like Kent Cathedral, Canterbury Cathedral,
 all the big guns. And they go up onto the roofs of the cathedrals with these big hoovers on their backs,
 like ghostbusters. Yeah, amazing. They climb up the walls, they climb onto the roofs,
 and then they just hoover up all this dust. And the idea is that remnants of asteroids and
 comets can be found amongst, obviously, just lots of shit. Did you say why it's cathedrals in particular,
 as opposed to residential houses? It's cathedrals because they're touched far less often, so it'll
 be undisturbed because not many people hang out on top of cathedrals. Super old. Super old. Right.
 Yes, very old, but also very well recorded when they've been redone, when they've been revamped.
 You always have good records for it, so if they find a bit of space dust, then they'll know,
 well, this bit of roof was redone in the 1960s, so that's how long this has been there. Yeah, yeah,
 yeah. They found another asteroid that possibly could hit the earth on Valentine's Day in 2046.
 So that's something to bear in mind when you're buying your gifts that year.
 What, don't bother. No, bother, yeah. You've got a 600 to one chance of this asteroid hitting
 earth on that day, which is the same as an average flight being cancelled or delayed by three hours.
 Wow. Because that has happened to me. It does seem to happen quite a lot, doesn't it?
 One in 600, I thought. You're fine, yeah. Yeah. But is it okay if it hits it?
 Is it definitely not okay? It's a big one. There's a 600 to one chance that we're...
 That's really close. It's not... In trouble. Look, it's 20, when did I say it?
 It's only 20 years. 2040s. Well, I'll be gone, so.
 But it's not going to, it wouldn't wipe out the entire, it's one of those which is big enough
 that if it lands in the middle of Manhattan, it's going to cause a problem. Okay.
 If chances are it'll land in the ocean. If you were in the air in an airplane,
 do you think you'd be okay? If it hit your airplane, no.
 Yeah. But I'm also thinking of your chances being in the air, the same of the three-hour delay
 that you would... Oh, yeah, you're probably going to be at the gate still.
 Yeah. Thinking we'd like to be on board. We should be missing this.
 So there's this kind of thing where scientists are looking at all the different asteroids
 and there's 1,448 of them on their spreadsheet and there's something called the Torino scale
 which tells you how likely they are to hit the earth and this is the one that's most likely to
 hit the earth. It still, according to NASA, poses no unusual level of danger and the chance of
 collision is extremely unlikely, that's what they say. Okay. But on this scale it is one on the scale
 and all the other 1,447 have a ranking of zero. Oh, okay. So everything is a zero apart from this
 one which is a one. What does it go up to? If it goes up to two... It goes up to ten. Oh, it goes up to
 ten. Fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, fine. I feel fine. I'm still trying to work up
 titles for that tomato show. I've got like... On your own time, Andy, please. What, no, tomato...
 It's not wet, is it? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Because we already know who's house it is. Yeah. Yeah, yeah.
 I'm so glad you interrupted with that. Here's a bit of exciting news.
 Oh, shit, I can't stop thinking what the title will be now.
 It gets you, doesn't it? All right, let's try and move on. Can I tell you about a new invention this
 year? Sure. Right after I say the thing I was about to say. Yeah. Oh, yeah, sorry about that.
 Does the Trinidad indulge you, then, thinking you believe what you said was worthwhile? He actually
 has something to report. Dan, you were safe. Well, just really quickly, another space
 science thing that we've discovered this year is what the speed would need to be miles per hour
 for Elliot from the movie E.T. and his brother and his buddies to get the bicycles up to the
 height that they need to get to go past the moon. The reason we know this is because it turns out
 that the composer, John Williams, has spent the last 40 years wanting to know that answer. No. Yeah.
 He said while he was conducting it, he saw the footage and he went, "How the fuck would they do
 that?" And over the last 40 years, he's just constantly like in the shower just going, "Well,
 how the fuck would they actually do that?" And finally, this year, he got given an honour by
 NASA. And while he was there, he said to an astronaut, "Listen, I've been thinking about
 this for 40 years. When you go up, like, what's the escape velocity that you need to break gravity?"
 And they said, "Basically, you need to go 17,500 miles an hour." And he went, "Ugh." And so it's
 all sorted out from there. It doesn't seem like that. They must have slowed it down. Yeah. Because
 what John Williams is missing is a bit of a big plot point, which is they had a magic alien in the
 basket. Here's the weird thing. I suddenly realised that John Williams, when he's conducting to E.T.,
 he does with the footage in there and he's conducting the orchestra to it with his baton,
 right? But he also conducted the theme tune for Harry Potter. And that must have been so weird
 when he's holding his magic wand stick going, "Bassoon!" And, you know, the really good conductors
 don't shout the ins and outs. "Chalo!" It's a lifetime's training to stop yourself.
 If you listen very closely to the soundtracks, you hear John Williams. Trumbo!
 Can I give you a fruit and vegetable-related fact, scientific one from this year?
 Yeah. Not tomato one. Have you heard of a new vegetable that has been invented this year called
 the garlic? Is that part garlic, part leek? Oh, I was hoping we'd have a bit more of a fun guess.
 No, just two members of the alien family.
 They spent ten years working on this. Not on the name. Not on the name. I rather think they might
 have come up with the name first. But it sounds great. It sounds quite good. Because I had a meal
 before we came out here and I made it with leek and garlic. Right. Imagine if I had a garlic.
 Exactly. Imagine all the time I would say. Yeah. Actually, that would be nice to chop up bloody
 garlic every time you eat. Right. They could merge all the ingredients that we had. They could do a
 leek, come garlic, come onion, come carrot. Why do you want someone to come in there?
 How I like my dinner. Okay. It is time for fact number two and that is Anna. My fact this week is
 that the heirs who inherited Silvio Berlusconi's properties had to deal with the 20 bunga bunga
 showgirls still living in them. That is amazing. This is just an odd conundrum to be faced with
 when your dad dies. Not a lot of people have to go through but he died in June and he has
 got lots of houses and he lent 20 of them to various women along with sometimes a little monthly
 allowance and it was a little bit controversial as to why he lent these houses to them. He promised
 them that they would be able to take over ownership of them so apparently he said to one of these
 women, Barbara Guerra, I promise you on my five children that I will let you own this house but
 he said I can't give you the right to ownership until all my trials are over so he's been having
 lots of trials like many world leaders past and present because then I'll be accused kind of
 a bribery because the accusation was that these women were women who attended the bunga bunga
 parties. Does everyone remember the bunga bungas? I think we should say for young listeners what
 bunga bunga is. I mean not for the not young listeners. No not young younger. Andy's kids
 podcast. The CBB bedtime story with Andy Murray. So these were parties that he quite famously had
 about 10 years ago and they were basically mass orgies if you believe one account and they were
 sophisticated gatherings if you believe another account but lots of world leaders sort of or lots
 of politicians and dignitaries from around the world attended them. They happened in his big
 mansion and there were lots of women there who were kind of showgirls who perhaps performed services
 for people who were paying for them. One tomato. That was always his excuse. I was trying to find
 the tomato. Yeah and the idea was bunga bunga might have been possibly the punch line of his
 favourite joke. Yes. I don't know if you know it. I don't know. Well I'm not going to say it now
 because it's a bit racist. Oh okay. You can do a non-racist version I think. Go for it. I'll have
 a go. So you've been you're with your mates you're with two of your mates and you've been kidnapped
 by an enemy and the enemy says it's from your country. Well it's every country you're from.
 Whatever country you're from doesn't matter. You've been kidnapped by an enemy from another
 country. I think we've seen where the racist bait has been seamlessly excised. Good.
 And the leader of the other country says okay I'm going to give you two choices. You can either
 have bunga bunga or you can have death and the first one says okay oh I don't want to die so I'm
 going to choose bunga bunga and then the second one also chooses bunga bunga and turns out this
 means that they are tortured in a sexual manner and then killed anyway. So the third one thinks
 well I don't really fancy this bunga bunga so he just says I'm going to have death and so the
 leader of the country says well death you shall have but first a little bunga bunga. It's not a
 terrible joke. Apparently you heard it from Gaddafi which is always the best. To be honest he did
 tell it much better than you did. I love the idea of you just taking a lot of racist comedian sets
 and reinterpreting that because I'm really upset that I can't enjoy a Jim Davidson set or a Bernard
 Manning but Anna Tyshinski reimagines Bernard Manning. That's a good format. So anyway there are
 these women living in these houses and they are still there at the moment. I think they're in
 the process of trying to evict them now and they don't want to go understandably because
 Berlusconi said to them these houses are yours but they also want Marta Faschina who was his last
 companion who was with him for the years before he died to leave the mansion where she used
 been housed like his mansion where she's called Faschina. Yeah yeah she sounds like a female
 fascist doesn't she's got a lot of letters of the word fascist in her name and she is an MP
 for Forza Italia. Wow really. Which was his party. Which is the very right wing Italian party
 so normative determinism. I only know one thing about sorry do you have more about her?
 Just that she was left a hundred million euros in his will Berlusconi was loaded. Yeah we know
 this. Yeah we did know. Oh well. It was very corrupt. I think it was all got through oh no we can
 say it now it's all right he's dead. Yeah although he was acquitted of everything in the end except
 fraud so he was completely acquitted of paying underage people for sex and other such things.
 He did quite a lot of influence in the courts though and the judicial. I'm not saying I'm not
 saying money to you know. I'm just clearing it for the lawyers. Okay there are no lawyers.
 The only thing I know about him is that the water that he left in his be quiet he left an
 amazing art collection he had 25,000 paintings which is and it turns out that almost all of them
 were rubbish as in. Oh really. An actual Italian art critic had looked through the collection of 25,000
 pictures and said maybe six of these are worth anything and the rest and a lot of them he just
 bought on like you know those late night TV shows where it's yeah. Did he really? Yeah. Wow. He would
 just watch and order those things. Wow. That's for a salad man. He kind of comes with a free
 salad mixer it was that kind of level of art. He's become art himself Bellisconi. Is he? Yeah so
 there was an artist called Gianni Motti who supposedly this is alleged went to a lipo suction
 center he had fat taken out of him and this artist bought the fat from this center. No. He then
 turned it into a bar of soap and so you could go to a museum and you could see a bar of Bellisconi
 fat soap that was just sitting there and then the lipo suction center denied that they sold it to
 this artist obviously because it became big news. Yeah yeah and the family denied it as well didn't
 they but then the artist said okay I'll do a DNA test and they went we're gonna shut up now.
 And they just kind of let it drop after that because I think they know it was him really. Yeah.
 Guys knowing what we know about Bellisconi and his bunga bunga parties would you feel clean
 if you'd wash yourself with the Bellisconi fat soap? That's so interesting. I think you're dirtier
 if anything when you've done that. You can't wash away the stains of corruption. Very profound.
 I don't know if anyone could tell we're moving from interesting facts and comedy into profundities.
 I've got a few things about other people who've died this year so Bellisconi died this year. One
 great Brit that we lost this year was of course Mystic Meg. Oh yeah. She was awesome I love Mystic
 Meg. She was super famous back in the 90s where I wasn't living here but where she would go onto
 the national lottery and she would predict that someone's won the lotto and the balls would be
 these. She'd never say the numbers though would she? No exactly. She would say the next one will
 be 14. She'd say make sure to check your numbers if you haven't from the previous week and someone
 did that and they found out that they won. So there were like these few occasions. But the thing
 about Mystic Meg was she was she used to be a journalist and she kind of fell into astrology
 and clairvoyance as part of a gig of being a newspaper editor and when she set up a hotline
 for you to call up and get your predictions it was the number one hotline in the UK. Some places
 say globally it was so big that people just wanted to get these predictions. She was massive and
 despite being as massive as she was there's virtually nothing that we really know about her
 personal life that might change in the next few years but the two things I could find is one
 someone who went to her house said that in every single room she had a naked photo of herself framed
 and then the second one comes from her. It's one memory that she has from the time that she was
 doing the national lottery and this is a direct quote from her. She said my most vivid memory of
 the lottery is when I was doing my prediction to camera and out of the corner of my eye I saw a
 naked man running towards me. The security guard caught him inches before he got in front of the
 camera painted on his backs with the words pick my balls. The world's oldest dog died this year.
 Bobby he was 31 years and 165 days which is 220 in human years. Yeah and there was someone at the
 Royal College of Veterinary Surgeons who said not a single one of my veterinary colleagues believes
 Bobby was actually 31 years old but he was in the Guinness World Records but I think generally
 speaking people don't think it was him. I mean quite a lot of the pictures of him have different
 coloured paws. That's so funny. Hollywood actor Raquel Welsh died this year as well. She I can't
 actually remember too much. She was in Bedazzled with Peter Cook and Dudley Moore. There was a
 famous one like A Million Years BC or something yeah. I think she was the woman who had the
 world record for kicking male co-stars in the genitals the most out of any actor.
 Really within movies are on set. Just in life yeah no it was in movies I think from memory I
 think it was 21 times. Do you think she read scripts and decided based on that just rifling
 through looking for the stage direction? Yeah it was probably in the claws of a contract.
 Must knee balls at some point. Kind of my thing. Cos someone who I reckon did probably kick a few
 co-actors in the balls was Glenda Jackson who also died this year. Did Glenda Jackson die?
 Yeah so sorry that you're discovering this now. And also sorry if anyone's just discovering about
 Berlusconi as well. Mystic Meg you should have seen that coming. Glenda Jackson did die yes I'm sorry
 to say but she was 86 but she was so great. I didn't know that much about Glenda Jackson. I
 feel like she was from slightly before our time but she was so successful as an actress she got
 two Oscars three Emmys and a Tony Award so like the holy trinity of acting things. Then of course
 she quitted all to join the Labour Party and become an MP. She had these two careers one after the other
 both you know very effective very successful and mostly what people say is that she was absolutely
 terrifying. Really? I read yeah yeah she was so this is why I feel like you know she wasn't kicking
 people literally in the balls but some testicles were shriveling on set with her I think. There was
 an interview with her in Vogue a few years ago where the interviewer said she was the most terrifying
 person he'd ever interviewed greeting me with the level of warmth a non-animal lover reserves for
 next door's cat. Wow. And even Chris Bryant who's you know Chris Bryant the Labour MP he wrote her
 biography and she agreed to two interviews with him two four-hour long interviews and insisted
 during those interviews on sitting with her back to him the entire time. Wow. Maybe it's
 like you're telling you're sort of telling your story rather than telling Chris Bryant your story
 you're sort of telling it almost to yourself. Yeah yeah yeah helps you be a bit more reflective.
 Food for thought. No that one didn't fly. All right how about Dick Fosbury? No. The flopper.
 Really he did? Inventor of the Fosbury flop he died this year. For the last time. Oh gosh. He invented
 doing the high jump. Doing the high jump backwards and when he invented it the US Olympic track coach
 said he will wipe out an entire generation of high jumpers because they will all have broken necks
 so it was controversial at the time. There is a crash mat of course which does help you not break
 your neck. Yeah yeah yeah. The interesting thing was that had just been developed like a few years
 before he came along and that's why it was of its time because there was a woman called Debbie
 Brill who did it around the same time but wasn't quite so successful and she did it in Canada and
 it was known as the Brill Bend. Which I think is better though. Oh that's cool. But because Fosbury
 won the Olympic gold medal that's why it was named after him. 40 years after he won the gold medal
 in the Olympics there was a dinner in His Honour in London and Dorothy Tyler who was an 88-year-old
 high jumper around the same time as him. As he was getting his speech she ran on to the stage
 well ran as much as an 88-year-old can. Went on to the stage grabbed the mic on him and said
 you can't go over that bar head first. It's cheating. You're all cheats. Oh wow. It lasted 40 years after
 he'd done it. That's what happened. That's incredible. She was the first British female athlete to win an
 individual Olympic medal in athletics and it was at the 1936 Olympics in Germany and she met
 Adolf Hitler on that day and she later said he was an odious little man in a big uniform who I
 probably should have slapped. That's beautiful. Cheering that good honour. Finally someone brings
 that guy down a peg or two. Okay it is time for fact number three and that is James. Okay my fact
 this week is that England footballer Ivan Tony who was suspended for gambling in May has the
 middle names Benjamin Elijah meaning his initials spell out I bet. So good. It's amazing. He bet on
 126 games in competitions he was playing in and he bet 13 times on his own team to lose but he
 wasn't playing in those games but they banned him for quite a few months and I think when this goes
 out he will be just about to come back. So you're not I genuinely don't know anything about the
 rules are you not allowed to bet on your team to lose even if you're not playing? You're actually
 not allowed to bet on your sport at all. In your sport that's true in most spots. Yeah. Well because
 you've got so much inside info haven't you? Yeah I bet on podcasts all the time.
 Am I going to get suspended? What's the bet? I bet this is going to give me a good episode.
 Even by the loosest definition podcasting isn't a sport so I think you're all right.
 I seem to remember that when I was living in Australia in in corner shops where they sold
 lottery tickets and if you worked at the corner shop you weren't allowed to do the lottery tickets
 and friends and family weren't allowed as well like the scratch cards and stuff. Really? Yeah but
 of course the problem is with football it's entirely sponsored by gambling companies and so we're
 expecting these young men to not gamble and at the same time they're wearing names of gambling
 companies on their shirts and there being advertised them and stuff like that so it is a big problem
 in football right now. It is and he was I don't I wouldn't say that we think of him as a villain
 it's like he's a gambling addict right and he and I think it is an important distinction when
 you hear he bet on games where his team lost is he Brentford? A time of recording yes but we expect
 him to move in there. Okay but yeah he didn't throw the games or anything so it is just he was so
 addicted to gambling that you know he couldn't help himself from doing it and it is made way too easy
 isn't it? I got this quick football thing which is slightly interesting. The World Cup, Qatar,
 it was the first time in World Cup history that no British person as a fan was arrested.
 Get away. This is according to Mark Roberts of Cheshire Police. What's happened to us as a country?
 There's nothing sacred, so shameful. They don't know for sure they think because it's a dry country
 that might have contributed to the situation. No arrests of Brits at the World Cup. Another
 bit of World Cup history was actually made this year and that was by Bethany England. She became
 the first player to play for a country that shares her own name. That's good. That's the first time
 ever? Yeah so there are people like Alan Brazil. I think there are people with the surnames of
 countries that they don't play for. They exist but this is the first one. Sorry, Alan Brazil.
 What? Is Alan Brazil really mega famous? Quite famous. Sorry, that's a funny name.
 That's the least Brazilian name I've ever heard. Gavin Hong Kong.
 What does he play football? He used to play football. They had a very, very, very long
 football match played this year. I think the longest football match ever played.
 It's weak as often the time of a football match is. Very specific, isn't it? Yeah.
 Well this one lasted for 102 hours. Oh wow. That's too long. Did the ref forgot to blow the whistle?
 No, it was a charity thing. It was in Southampton and it was 36 players but there had to be like 11
 aside, standard match and they subbed in and out and you know they were exhausted but they kept
 going. It doesn't count if you sub in and out. Well 102 hours is very, very long. Yeah with only
 30 players, you can't sub out that much. No, you can't exactly. The final score was 910 to 725.
 At what stage? You know like if you're playing actual football. We can catch him, we can catch him.
 But captain, he's discovered another 250 goals and there's only three hours left.
 That's like Roy of the Rovers shit. Oh my god. I got another football fact from the year but this
 is American football, NFL. Soccer. As part of, no, no. Sorry? Hence the specific NFL reference.
 American football, I'm with you. Yeah. So there's a Seattle venue, sorry, Seattle stadium called
 Lumenfield and this year Taylor Swift as part of her Eras tour, she played it. What record did she
 break at this tour? Okay, well she's dating an NFL player, Travis Kelsey right now. Yeah. So is it
 something she, no, that would be disgusting. I don't know where you're going with that. So I don't
 even, I don't even know where. Travis Kelsey is a tight end if that helps. Oh right. No, okay so the
 previous record was set in 2011 with the Seahawks. What did she break this year? Seahawks. Biggest
 attendance at an American football stadium. No. All right. I don't know anything about Taylor Swift.
 Most lairy fan, drunkest fan. I thought, no, there was a thing where she did a gig that started a
 sort of earth tremor. There we go. She has set the record for the largest magnitude earthquake
 caused by fans at a gig or a match in this venue. So in 2011, the Seahawks fans registered 2.0
 on the Richter scale and Taylor Swift fans from Jumping and Yelling and the music combined went
 to 2.3. So she has the seismic activity record at Lumenfield in Seattle. That's great. It's very
 impressive. Pretty cool. We talked about athletics earlier on. There was a race at the World University
 Games where one of the Somali competitors finished more than 10 seconds behind the person who came
 second last. And when you watch the video, everyone runs and they just sort of like, pretty much how
 I would run. Like just sort of waddle their way down the track. And it's very clear that they
 shouldn't have been there. And as a result, a Somali sports official was suspended for abuse
 of power, nepotism and defaming the name of the nation. But the amazing thing about this was
 it was like such a good example of that escalated quickly because so they had this race and then
 the Somali Minister of Youth said this person was clearly not a sports person nor a runner.
 And then the Association of Somali Universities said, actually, we didn't send anyone to that event.
 Plot twist. And then the Ministry of Youth and Sports said, as far as we know, there's no such
 thing as the Somali University Sports Association. Oh, wow. How far does this go? Somalia doesn't
 exist. Somalia doesn't exist. All right. I found out about a sport that happened this year, but that
 I had never heard of before. It's just like had it standard annual thing this year. Have you guys
 heard of competitive life saving? No. This is amazing. Wow. It's a real sport. Wait, wait,
 wait, wait. So the people who don't win, the people die? That's why it's not big. They just can't
 get the volunteers. No, the Royal Life Saving Society holder happens every year or two, I think,
 and it definitely happened this year. And they sort of stage incidents. So your team, you're in a
 team that you go into a room which is either a dry room or it's a pool or a wet room or something.
 Yeah, the dry room sounds easier for a start. And you have to react to whatever situation is
 happening in there, work out what happened. And, you know, an incident has occurred. There is one,
 there's the four man relay where your team have to drag each other through the water in a relay,
 which sounds really fun. Wait, so you're dragging someone and then they hand me the
 dragger over to you and I'm not dragged. They come to life and then you collapse and then they
 have to... Yeah, I think that's it. Oh, you become the baton. This is really nice. Yes. That's the
 most Zen relay team ever, is there? Just become the baton. Sorry, Andy, go on. No, no, no. I was just
 looking up where the England team are from around the country and quite a lot of them are from Crawley.
 Oh, nice. And of course the front crawl is the swimming stroke. Yes, it is, yes. Any from Breastley?
 No. Not that I saw. Not a place, I suppose.
 Yeah. Can I just alert people who don't know to something amazing that happened in cricket this
 year that I don't feel like got enough attention for its amazingness, which is, and I'm sure cricket
 fans are probably aware that this had happened, but maybe not how rare it was. So there are 11 ways
 of getting out an international cricket. And international cricket has been played since 1844,
 which I actually didn't know. It was between the US and Canada in 1844. So a long time this year,
 for the first time in all of that time, and in 240,000 innings, someone got out by the 11th way.
 Wow. They've been saving it up for that long. Isn't that cool? Andy, what do you reckon it could be?
 So you caught bold stumped. Yeah, that's it. Leg forewicket. Run out. Run out. Yeah, yeah. That's
 fine. Unseen tomato on the ground. You slip on. Is it like a procedural that you rude to the umpire?
 It's very similar. It's sort of about rudeness, yes. Okay. What's the one way of being rude that
 you really hate? Letting your dog poo on the green. Is that it? Andy's cricket matches.
 Bags of dog shit on the stumps. It's the other thing you hate. You do hate it when we have our
 dog's shit before the podcast. But the other thing you hate. Oh, I mean, late. Lateness.
 Exactly. Time out, yes. So people, basically there's an amount of time. It's two minutes,
 isn't it? That you have to step up if you're going into bat. And there was Angelo Matthews,
 who plays for Sri Lanka. And Sri Lanka were playing Bangladesh this year. And his chin strap was
 broken. So it wasn't even really his fault, I don't think. I didn't see it like, but his chin strap
 was broken. So he was waiting for it to be fixed off for a new one to be delivered. And the bowler
 appealed to the umpire to say, all right, two minutes is up. Usually you would just ignore it,
 right? And like some people have taken longer than two minutes before and you would not appeal
 because it's kind of a mean thing to do. And the umpire even said twice, are you sure you want
 to, right, you want to get your opponent out this way like this? And the bowler was like, yeah,
 don't care how I win as long as we win. And so the umpire had no choice. Had to say, yeah, you're
 out. Wow, that's the 11th. That's never happened. Never happened in 240,000 innings. That's the first
 time. Do you think that was in his head as he was walking off going, I can't believe that's what
 I'm going to be remembered for. Yeah, entire career now. Yeah. Um, guys, just because we're
 running late, I am going to have to move us on. Can I just do an initials fact really quickly,
 because this was a fact by initials. One of my favorite stories of the year was the man who had
 to apologize for carving his girlfriend's initials into the colosseum, saying that he'd had no idea
 at the time that the building was particularly old. Fortunately, her name was IVX.
 Um, okay, we need to move on to our final fact of the show. And that is my fact. My fact this week
 is that this year we discovered that crocodiles are horny for helicopters.
 So this is what happens, right? This isn't this was discovered in Korana crocodile farm in Queensland.
 There's a path that goes over this field where Chinook helicopters Chinook helicopters are those
 ones that have double rotors that really it's like a long sausage dog of a helicopter, which has
 two sets of the rotors spinning around like that, right? So when that flies over, I don't think the
 Royal Air Force would appreciate that characterization. Ferocious war machines. Is that the early old
 sausage dog of the army? So these Chinook helicopters would fly over and in a few cases because
 they're flying over an area where there's a lot of crocodiles. If they've got people on board that
 they want to sort of show off the area to they might dip a bit low and fly closer and say look
 at the crocs. And the the guy who owns this farm realized that when this happened, all of his
 crocodiles got extremely horny and started mating and they out of season out of the time when they
 usually would. And it's been a bit of a mystery as to why they're doing it. And so at the moment,
 as it stands in 2023, we are on a theory level with it. There's a few ideas. They think it's
 emulating either in its tone or changing the temperature of the water when the rotors are
 pushing down onto the water. They're emulating something that signifies an incoming storm.
 And basically storms are like aphrodisiacs to crocodiles in Queensland because the areas will
 flood and then the flooding would die down. And then six weeks later after you mated, the eggs
 would be born in a much drier area. Always would take six weeks to go from mating to laying the
 eggs. Yes, to laying the eggs. So when they when they feel a storm is coming, maybe when they hear
 the noise of a storm coming, they're suddenly like it's it's sexy time. And they and they have sex
 so that they can match it to the best circumstances for the eggs to survive is the theory. I read the
 paper because there was a scientific paper about it wasn't there. And they said that that is the
 most likely. The other option is it could be they think it's like the mating roar of rival males.
 That was a clean you're female now. I think what Dan said is most likely they said that whatever it is
 what makes them horny is the sonorous thump of the choppers.
 We can all empathize with that. So there's no...
 Isn't your wife a helicopter pilot?
 That is the true fact.
 There's no suggestion in the paper that they confuse it with a sausage dog and that's what makes them
 horny. I just had another story about an animal, a funny animal story. And this was also about a
 chap called Felix Popescu, who is a Romanian surgeon. And he's a Romanian surgeon who has a
 holiday villa in the mountains and he was in the city and he got a call from the caretaker
 of his holiday villa saying it had been raided by a bear and it cost 10,000 euros worth of damages.
 But what Popescu was most furious about was that he drank all of his alcohol.
 He was quoted as saying... And stole all of his Piccadik baskets.
 Exactly. So he had a load of vodka there and they just drank all of it.
 Vodka, whiskey, champagne. The man said the bear left him without any of them. He had a very good
 time in my house. It sounds like he did. That's amazing. I think there's a kid's book in that,
 like the tiger who came to tea. Who came to get pissed.
 I think you've lost a lot of the under 10s audience quite quickly. I've got another alcohol
 fight actually. There's been a new beetle that's been discovered in South America and it has been
 named after Kalsberg. It's the Longcovilius Kalsbergii beetle and the reason it's been called that is
 because its penis looks like a bottle opener. Wow. Oh wow. Could in theory use it? Well,
 the entire animal is only one centimetre long so it would have to be a very, very small bottle of
 beer. Of beer, yeah. But yeah, I was reading the report about it and they said that genitalia are
 the organs in insects that evolve to be different in every species. As such, they are often the
 best way to identify a species. That's why entomologists like us are always quick to examine
 insect genitalia. He protested too much. I'm going to have to wrap us up really
 soon. I've got a little quiz question for you. Oh, good. Yeah. Vienna Zoo has stopped giving its
 animals what this year? Schnetzl. Very good. Schnetzl. Mozart. Yeah. Handjobs.
 James said two scrupulously Viennese things. Schnetzl and Mozart. I obviously went to a different
 bit of the city. It was a fun place. Is there anything related to Vienna? I bet Anna's closest.
 No, it's one note. Is it type of food? It's no. It's something core to your sense of self.
 Oh, names. Is this another mojave of fantasy? It's names. It's nominative non-determinism. It's the
 oldest zoo in the world. It's called Schoenblum and they used to have loads of animals. You know,
 they had Ricky the bear or Susie, the tiger, whatever. She came to tea, didn't she?
 They've said it's too personalising. They said we should be representing whole species.
 It's actually a bit of a false friend to say, oh, this is Anton the Ardvark. You're thinking
 about Anton. You should be thinking about Ardvarks. You know what I mean? What kind of weird communist
 zoo is this? I don't respect that. I think that makes sense. But then you miss out on things. I
 read about a pig that ran away in New Jersey who was called Albert Einstein.
 And then you don't give him that name. Like, what's the new... Like, you know, the police officers
 were able to say he was hard to catch because he's very clever, you know? I was reading another
 kind of animal mating story. Oh, yeah. And this is another study that's been done this year. And
 it's about elephant seals. You know, those things, they're absolutely huge. Huge creatures.
 Well, actually, they're very differently sized between the sexes. So I think the males are
 five times bigger than the females. So the males are massive. I know, it's a massive difference.
 They're not very attractive, are they, elephant seals?
 To us. Conventionally. Like, yeah. Like... They're quite hideous looking creatures. Go on, but let's all
 picture them having sex, why don't we? Well, it's basically they indulge in a thing called
 extreme polygyny, right? Now, this is where small numbers of large males, which are known as beach
 masters... Is that self-designated? I think so. But once they can have harems of up to 100 females,
 one male. And that means a lot of other males get cut out of the equation.
 Although when a male gets to having a harem of 100 females, they might take on a younger
 male as an apprentice beach master. That genuinely happens. And so only about 4% of males become
 beach masters. That's when they can have sex? Yes. And they might have a smaller harem, you know,
 but the beach masters are the very successful ones. So they're not beach master baiting until
 they're allowed to get to the beach? Sometimes the steel jaws close and you realize you're in
 a trap and you have no idea. Amazing. No, but so this is the thing, because being big is a sign
 of success for them and it's sort of like a positive signal for them for mating, they compete
 very fiercely to gain weight with other male elephant seals and they forage at sea in areas
 which are really dangerous because those are the bits which have a bit more food in, but they also
 might contain sharks or killer whales, both of which love to eat elephant seals. And it seems
 like the male survival rates drop rapidly after they're about eight years of age,
 which is when they're sort of looking for mating. So in a very, very rare example of something in
 the animal kingdom not doing well, not because of human interaction or interference, it's basically
 they're dying solely because they think it'll increase their odds of mating. Because they think
 the bigger the better. So they just do absolutely anything they can, they go anywhere for the most
 dangerous place in the world for them to get some more food. Stuff their faces. Yeah. I don't know
 if bigger is sexier in elephant seal communities, I know we've established I don't find them attractive,
 but if a male is five times bigger than you, I probably wouldn't fancy someone who was 25 foot
 tall. I think there is that in humans, like just what is it called? It's called soup, I forgot
 what it's called now. But it's the fact that animals sometimes the one thing they find attractive,
 if you make it a million times more, then they do find it way more attractive. Supernatural
 selection. Something like that. Yeah. It's the it's the like a goose likes an egg, but if you give
 it a volleyball, it loves it. Yeah. And the idea being like sometimes if you see like a a model
 with enormous fake breasts, then humans think that that's attractive, even though it's unnatural.
 Right. Okay. So yeah. Supernatural selection sounds like falling in love with a ghost.
 Yeah. Yes. And that's why natural selection is not going to be kind to you in the long time.
 We do need to wrap up very, very soon. Yeah. Anna, you feel like you want to say one more thing?
 I felt like you looked at your paper. Oh, I glanced down. I was just going to rant actually about
 another animal naming thing which is that they're renaming all of American birds next year. Sorry,
 all of American birds that are named after people. So the American ornithological society has decided
 to change the name of all bird species named after people as of next year, because a lot of the ones
 named after people, they're quite controversial people. Were they racist? Were they not? It's
 quite a lot of effort finding out whether all of them were or not. So why not just rename everything?
 And I was all pro this. I thought it sounded like a really good idea until I realized, of course,
 the Anna's hummingbird. Oh. Yeah, but you did tell that Bunker Bunker joke earlier.
 Okay, that is it. That is all of our facts. Thank you so much for listening. If you would like to
 get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter accounts. I'm on @Shrieberland, James. On Instagram,
 no such thing as James Harkin. And Andy. Andrew Hunter M. In a range of places.
 And Anna, how can they get through to us as a group? You can get in touch with the
 book us by emailing book us at qi.com or tweeting @nosuchthing. Yep, or you can go to our website
 where you can find all of our previous episodes. You can find a link to Club Fish,
 the secret membership society that we have. Very exciting place, lots of extra fun places
 that you can find like Discord. Drop us a line as a show. There's compilations,
 all sorts of fun things. We're going to be back again with another episode next week.
 We'll see you all. Thank you so much, Soho. Goodbye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
