 We run it on QI a few years ago.
 Yeah.
 Which was, there's no such thing as a fish.
 You did a nice, such thing as a fish.
 No, seriously, it's in the Oxford Dictionary
 of Underwater Life.
 It says it right there, first paragraph.
 No such thing as a fish.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Hello, and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing
 as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming
 to you from the QI Offices in Covenant Garden.
 My name is Dan Treurer.
 I'm sitting here with three other QI Elves, Andy Murray,
 Anichezinski, and on our fact-checking duty today,
 James Harkin.
 Once again, we're gathering around the microphone
 to share our favorite facts from the last seven days.
 And joining us today is a special guest, a comedian from Belgium,
 Leven Scheiren.
 Hi, hi.
 How's it going?
 Well, very good, I'm here, so that's great.
 Yeah, we're very excited to have you here.
 Leven is basically the Stephen Fry Belgium.
 We have a show out there called Skyra in the Creation,
 which is a panel show in which you have sort of comedians,
 as well as interesting guests, from all sorts of categories,
 wine tasters.
 That's the one I saw.
 Yeah, yeah, it's a panel show.
 It's much like QI, you know.
 I think I secretly want to make QI in Belgium.
 And now I have to find a channel that wants to host it.
 Just remember, you got to headline the gig at CERN, right?
 Yes, that was last summer I was performing at CERN,
 which was absolutely amazing being a physicist
 standard comedian.
 I could do all my geeky jokes.
 That's great.
 All right, should we kick into it?
 Should we get fact number one on the way?
 OK, fact number one.
 We're going to start with you, Leven.
 Yes, my fact is that during the Second World War,
 the Nazis employed two official Nazi comedians.
 That's a starter, Shig.
 Yeah, they were called Trann und Heller.
 And they did funny sketches.
 And I think Trann was the fat stupid one.
 And then Heller would be the perfect man.
 There's a few still on YouTube.
 But I must warn you, they are utterly not funny.
 And so surprising, Nazis.
 And well, they all have this war propaganda scenarios.
 Like, I remember one where Trann was sitting in his living room
 and he was reading a biography of Churchill
 that was given to him by his Jewish neighbor.
 But luckily, Heller arrived and said, Trann, what are you doing?
 That's all lies.
 And that was about it.
 That's the punchline.
 That's the punchline.
 This is why central government shouldn't
 get involved in comedy writing.
 Yes, that's right.
 That works.
 But they stopped this shows before the end of the war
 because the German people watching this
 were all sympathizing with the stupid fat guy
 and not with this impossibly perfect Heller.
 And they were even the stupid comedian
 was banned from the Nazi party because of this, yeah.
 Yeah, they're really not funny, are they?
 I watch one of them, which sounds really similar,
 about where he's listening to the radio
 and he's being told by Heller to not listen to Western
 broadcasts and he, Trann, says, I think I can make up
 my own mind about what's the truth and what's not.
 And Heller goes, no, no, you can't, you don't understand.
 You wouldn't understand any of this.
 You have to be told by the state what's right and wrong.
 And when you're watching it, you're going,
 well, this tall guy who's saying you have to be told
 by the state what's right and wrong
 is obviously the bad guy here.
 And clearly, I like the short fat bloke who's going,
 can I just listen to whatever program I want, please?
 So it was bizarre that they didn't realize.
 That they didn't connoncer.
 Yeah, sometimes they tried to do a punchline.
 And well, it's always a bit pathetic when they're trying.
 Even more when there's no punchline.
 I remember one where Trann was using all his bread coupons
 even though he didn't need them.
 And he had all this old bread in his kitchen.
 And then Heller was coming, you can't do this.
 And then what do you do with it?
 Well, I give it to the chicken.
 You can't give it to the chicken.
 And the other Germans need this bread.
 And this war is hard on everybody.
 And then Heller says, what about the chicken?
 And that was it.
 Again, you totally sympathize with the chicken.
 When you listen to that, it's a really endearing perspective.
 War was hard on the poultry.
 It's interesting.
 War time, how comedy is used in propaganda.
 I was really shocked by the number of Walt Disney
 and Warner Brothers cartoons that were made featuring Hitler
 and Bugs Bunny in the same sketch.
 Yeah, yeah.
 There was scenes of Daffy Duck on the top of Hitler
 smacking his face and knocking his mustache off him and stuff.
 I found German anti-Nazi jokes from the war.
 I found them very interesting.
 So one joke in Berlin during the last months of the war
 was that in Berlin, the optimists are learning English
 and the pessimists are learning Russian.
 Or another one, two people conversing.
 One says, what are you going to do after the war ends?
 Well, I'm going to finally go on a holiday
 and I'll take a trip around greater Germany.
 Oh, yeah, what are you going to do in the afternoon?
 That kind of thing.
 Some of them kind of still funny, I think,
 when the RAF is in the skies, the Germans take cover.
 When the Luftwaffe is in the sky, the Allies take cover.
 When the US Air Force is in the skies, everyone takes cover.
 Which, you know, kind of still applies.
 But the Nazis banned apes from making the Hitler salute
 on pain of death for, I think, both ape
 and the person who trained the ape.
 During the early '30s, there were a lot of satirical comedians
 who made fun of the Hitler salute.
 And some animal trainers in circus,
 it was trained the apes to give a Hitler salute.
 Yeah, they'd dangle when the food wouldn't they?
 So they had to just reach their arm out at that position.
 And the Nazis unsurprisingly took quite a dim view of that
 and they made it punishable by death by death, yeah.
 Well, any apes ever executed, do you know?
 I don't know.
 I got it from a book about humor in Hitler's Germany.
 And I haven't found any concrete examples.
 Is that a lot of books?
 I think 10 years ago, a man was arrested in Germany
 for training his dog to do the Hitler salute.
 - Really? - Yeah.
 - That's quite impressive. - 10 years ago, I think.
 And he had trained him.
 And he was walking around the park
 and every time he would pass a foreigner,
 he would command his dog to do a Hitler salute.
 - Wow. - Yeah.
 Fair enough, arrest him.
 - Yeah, yeah, absolutely.
 - Alright, did you know England in 2004
 had a state jester?
 - No. - Yeah, we had a state jester.
 It's a guy called Nigel Roder.
 And he won a competition
 to become the official state jester.
 But there was too many complaints.
 So he got his title removed.
 - What were they complaining about?
 - What the South grapes that they had been given?
 - Yeah, yeah.
 It basically said that the English heritage
 should not be allowed to use the title of state jester.
 A lot of people were just like,
 you can't be the state jester.
 We're all jesters.
 - Well, it's not, it's less funny
 when it's a state comedian as well.
 - Apparently, Eric Idol says
 that Prince Charles asked him to be the official court jester.
 And he said, no.
 The mayor of Reykjavik is a standup comedian.
 - Really? - Yeah.
 They had, well, they had a very, very rough time
 during the financial crisis in Iceland.
 And then he started a mock party.
 He said, yeah, all these, all these old politicians,
 they've all failed.
 And he started a mock party.
 And I think he wanted an ice bear in the Iceland zoo,
 or the Iceland zoo at this point.
 Only has, I think, a cow and a rabbit.
 He wanted to legalize drugs,
 but only inside the parliament building.
 - Right. - Right.
 - But that was his program. - That's great.
 And he won.
 - And has he carried out any of his promises?
 - No, I don't think so.
 I don't think there's an ice bear there.
 He's like, all the others.
 - Yeah.
 - He surrounded himself with very good advices
 because he realized that, well, I can't do politics.
 I know nothing about it.
 And he's doing very well.
 People are very happy with how he rules the Reykjavik.
 - That's great. - Oh.
 - And the mayor of London is a comedian of sorts.
 - Yeah, I even know this well.
 Eddie is, I'd wants to run in 2020.
 So, you know, could be a running thing.
 - Could be.
 We should move on, James.
 Before we do, have you got any facts you want to chuck in?
 - You were talking about the Walt Disney and Warner Brothers
 propaganda.
 Donald Duck was in De Fuhrer's face,
 where he breaks down after experiencing a nightmare.
 He has to make do with eating ridiculous Nazi food rations,
 such as a smell of bacon and eggs,
 caught made with one bean and a slice of stale bread.
 - Wow.
 - And in Commando Duck, Donald Duck by himself
 destroys an entire Japanese air base.
 That sounds amazing.
 Anything else?
 - Yeah, Liam was talking about the dog
 who was doing the Hitler salute.
 I found it on the Daily Mail website
 under the headline Howl Hitler.
 And they arrested this guy whose dog was doing the Hitler salute.
 And Spokesman, Eva Marie Connig said we are retraining him
 to stop him raising his leg too high.
 He doesn't have anything that would make him interesting
 to write Wing extremists.
 However, we think he will quickly find a new owner
 because he is so famous.
 (laughing)
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, time for fact number two.
 This one's my fact.
 So this fact is that the Philippines Basketball Association,
 which is the second oldest in the world after the NBA,
 have 10 teams in total.
 And their names include The Rain and Shine Elasto Painters,
 The San Miguel Beer Men,
 and Talk and Text, Troopang Textors.
 - So a lot of teams with no integrity at all,
 just selling out concept names.
 - What, it's done there?
 It's not selling out.
 It's just that's the way that they are.
 Like if you watch boxing matches these days,
 most boxers have adverts painted on their back.
 - There's a guy in America who's selling his last name now.
 So companies can bid, and the highest bidder will be the company name
 that will become his official last name.
 He did it last year for one company,
 and now he's called, I don't know, James McDonald's or something.
 And now he's doing it again,
 because it was only for one year,
 and I think he gets some $50,000 out of it.
 - Wow, dude, I think the only benefit for these companies
 is in the newspaper coverage that a man is changing his name,
 because no one sees Kevin Budweiser
 and thinks I must go and have a beer.
 - We had a football team in Belgium,
 which was sponsored by Mick Quickis,
 is the Belgian McDonald's, like Burger King.
 And they had one player called McDonald's,
 and so I was running on the field with this quick logo on his back,
 and then McDonald, the moment.
 - When I was looking into the Filipino basketball stuff,
 because it's a huge sport there, they absolutely love it.
 But I suddenly remembered that Dennis Rodman
 had been out there a few years back.
 Dennis Rodman was in the Chicago Bulls.
 He famously was married to Carmen Electra,
 and he's been most notable in the news recently
 because of his relationship with Kim Jong Un.
 But when he went out to the Philippines to play
 in sort of one of those Americans versus the Philippines,
 basketball matches, he met up with his estranged dad,
 who he hadn't seen for 40 years,
 who's been living in the Philippines for all these years.
 But he's had 29 children to 16 different wives.
 And his name, this is his birth name, Philander,
 spelled exactly the same, just exactly the same.
 It's Philander Rodman, he lives out there,
 and he runs his own burger shop,
 which is called Rodman's Rainbow Obama Burger Restaurant,
 in which you can get different colored buns.
 And apparently they're really good burgers.
 - Quite a mouth.
 - They're all really good names all over the Philippines.
 I think the president and his sisters have nicknames,
 including Pinkie, Nunu, and Bulzi.
 - Well, there's the classic Cardinal Sin,
 who was the main Cardinal for years.
 I think he's passed away,
 - Yes, he died a few years ago.
 - Yeah, Jaime Sin.
 - They're amazing sports names all over the world, though.
 They're so fun.
 Remember, I think in 2005,
 there was a sudden rush on sales
 of the Peruvian football team,
 Deportivo Wankers, in Britain.
 And there's a quote from the club spokesman,
 who just came over and he was like,
 "It is very strange.
 "Everyone in Britain seems to think we have a funny name."
 The Wanker are just like Peruvian peoples.
 It's not a funny word.
 They decided to, when they were in danger of being relegated,
 they decided to change their football ground
 to the highest town in the world,
 which I think is called Serro de Pasco,
 and I probably haven't pronounced that right.
 But it is 4,400 meters above sea level
 and normal people can't really breathe there or do anything.
 And so obviously these guys are used to it.
 So, and they were accused of cheating,
 'cause whenever a football team came to play them,
 they all just kind of started collapsing.
 And I'm kind of like, "That's very cool."
 Well, it melts down.
 Yeah, they still got relegated, so it did not work.
 - Well, it's amazing.
 - My favorite basketball fact is somewhat the same.
 It's the Spanish basketball team
 had to return their gold medals
 of the Paralympics in 2010,
 because their IQs turned out to be too high.
 They had a basketball competition
 for the intellectually disabled world.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - And so the Spanish completely cheated
 for having too high and IQ.
 - Too high and IQ.
 - That's amazing.
 - Which is not normally an accusation level
 that many sports people.
 - Well, that's the boy who was picked second-last,
 speaking consistently for 13 years of school.
 - Do you know the guy who invented basketball?
 John Naysmith, his middle name is A,
 and they don't know what his middle name means.
 And the family have said,
 we think he just put it there,
 like President...
 - Ulysses S.
 - S?
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - Possibly.
 - It's just an S, isn't it?
 - It's just an S, yeah.
 But one of the discoveries that they've made about this guy
 is the influences that they reckon
 that led to the creation of basketball,
 including a game called...
 Has anyone heard of this duck on a rock?
 Does anyone have duck on it?
 - I've seen that referenced as being one of the inspirations,
 but what is it?
 - So the idea was that you would have a bunch of kids playing it.
 You would have a rock, a big stone, on a tree stump,
 and that would be the duck.
 And you had to knock the duck off the rock.
 One person had to stand and protect the duck.
 Make sure it's not knocked off the stump.
 The way you knock the big stone off the stump
 is by throwing rocks at it.
 Big rocks.
 - So effectively as a kids game, where you were having stones
 chucked at you in order to protect another stone.
 So this is what James Naismith played as a kid
 that led to him partially inventing the basketball.
 - I think that sounds fun.
 - Oh, yeah.
 Stones?
 - I'd have a size limit on the stones you could throw.
 - They used to, so he used a peach basket at first,
 and they kept using, that was in 1891.
 They kept using peach baskets until 1906, I think.
 But they realized really early on
 to drill a hole in the peach basket,
 and then you'd poke a stick up through the hole
 so you could poke the ball out.
 - When you figure it out that you can make a hole,
 and then you'd be like, "Yeah, let's just make a small one."
 Just for a stick, that's big enough.
 - I think he might have been though.
 Apparently he had a really tense relationship
 with a school janitor because of all his peach basket.
 And he kept on having his peach baskets
 with holes in them.
 So I think maybe it was like to appease the janitor,
 he was like, "Okay, I'll just do a small one."
 - So a hole that's big enough for a stick,
 but not big enough for a peach.
 - Yeah.
 - Exactly.
 - Yeah, that makes sense.
 - In Japan, they like to turn games into unofficial sports.
 I only, I read it today that they have official rules
 for pillow fighting now.
 - Really?
 - So they have, and there's now an official pillow fight
 association of Japan.
 There's a referee, so there must be rules.
 And I think it was a Japanese guy who once tried
 to get hide and seek as an official Olympic game.
 (laughing)
 - That's great.
 - Other ones we had on the show were a toe wrestling.
 - Yeah, and then of course there's the very famous,
 I think it's even British, the very famous sports
 called Ferret in your pants.
 (laughing)
 - What is that?
 - Well, it's very simple.
 You have to close your trousers at your ankles,
 and then you have to put a ferret in your pants,
 and then you have to close the trousers around your waist.
 And, well, then you just wait.
 - Then you have to wait.
 - And just wait for the rest of your life.
 - And you have to set a world record.
 And Ferret's normally bite and they don't let go.
 So the best way to do this is to wait until it bites,
 and of course they like the soft bits more.
 They say don't pull them loose because they will bite again.
 Just, leave it.
 - Yeah, just cope with the pain.
 - It wasn't very easy to say that, isn't it?
 - Yeah, just leave it.
 It's fine.
 What are you complaining about?
 It'll get worse if you pick it.
 - Yeah.
 - And the world champion was very proud
 that after his world record, he had three more kids.
 - Oh, wow.
 - Yeah.
 - That's pretty impressive.
 All right, let's wrap up on this one.
 James, have you got anything to add?
 - The guy who sold his name that Leven was talking about
 is JasonSurfRap.com,
 formerly known as JasonHeadsets.com.
 I'm not sure what his name was before that.
 I was looking for the rules of pillow fighting.
 I found the pillow fight League of Toronto.
 They have a few rules.
 Their rule one is women fighters only.
 No exceptions.
 And their last rule is loading a pillow
 with a foreign object, such as a brick,
 is strictly forbidden.
 (laughing)
 And then just finally, I found the newspaper article
 from 1992 about ferrets.
 This was in the town of Newtown in Mid Wales.
 This is a group of vigilantes
 and they'd had a lot of crime in the area.
 And they said, our plan for keeping
 law and order is simple.
 Anyone we catch in the act of committing a crime
 will frog march off to the hills
 where there's no one to hear the screams.
 We'll hold him down and slip Fred into his trousers.
 (laughing)
 Okay, let's move on to fact number three and Anna.
 That's your fact.
 Yeah, my fact is that if you get a zebrafish drunk
 and put him in a tank with other zebrafish,
 the sober ones will follow him around.
 But in a conger line.
 Yeah, it's doing better for dogs.
 Yeah.
 So yeah, they brought, so the way they,
 they've made zebrafish drunk before,
 they're quite useful fish to study
 'cause they're translucent.
 So you can see what's going on in their bodies
 without being to slit them open.
 But the way they do it is they put a drop alcohol
 into their tanks and then they take the zebrafish
 out of the alcoholic tank,
 drop it in with other zebrafish and another one.
 And yeah, turns out they all follow him around.
 And why are they following?
 They're not entirely sure.
 So if you get a zebrafish, it's just like humans really.
 They get more lively and they move faster
 and they seem not as afraid of threats and stuff.
 And so everyone just follows him about.
 So he seems like a cool guy.
 And follow that fish.
 Yeah, you can follow that fish with no fear.
 We've been following you for hours now.
 We're still here in the town.
 We're like, okay, that's cool.
 I read a story about a drunken moose.
 They found it in a, entangled in an apple tree.
 Yeah, I saw the pictures.
 Yeah, it's amazing.
 It's amazing, so so.
 Yeah, it's in Sweden, right?
 Yeah, it's an amazing father.
 You have to get drunk.
 It got drunk off eating apples.
 So the apples were fermented.
 But it happens a lot that animals get drunk
 from eating fermented fruit.
 There was one's a documentary where they were showing
 a drunk elephant.
 And then afterwards turned out that the documentary
 makers just made him drunk.
 Just gave him.
 Wow.
 There's a myth that elephant's drink that they get drunk
 from the Amarula fruit, which comes from the Marula tree.
 And I've found that it's probably not true.
 Unfortunately, unfortunately, unfortunately, either way.
 But they would have to eat so much of the fruit.
 And also, they eat it.
 I mean, every animal near a Marula tree loves the fruit.
 So they eat it as soon as it drops.
 Some elephants even push over the trees
 to get to the higher fruits.
 So it would be far too quick for it
 to ferment into enough alcohol.
 Is it a myth about koalas and eucalyptus?
 Do they get high?
 Dolphins get high by chewing puffin fish.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 A puffin fish has a poison that comes out.
 So when it's bitten, it blows up and it dejects a poison.
 And dolphins are big enough, so they just get high.
 And when they find a puffin fish, they hand it to each other,
 like students with a joint.
 Yeah, it's just--
 Yeah, they hand it to each other.
 And then they hang upside down in the water.
 And they're just tripping dolphins.
 Have you-- is that footage of that online?
 Yes.
 Oh, we must watch that.
 It was filmed by the BBC.
 And it was seen for the first time
 because they used cameras that looked like sea animals.
 So they built a camera that looked like a sea turtle
 and the dolphins were not disturbed.
 And this was not seen before because they
 don't do it when they're humans around.
 Yeah, probably.
 They're too paranoid, I guess.
 On drunk animals.
 Yeah.
 And drunk elephants, specifically.
 Elephants do get drunk quite often in India.
 Apparently, an elephant expert in Assam claims.
 Because of Indian rice wine.
 And I don't know why they keep relieving it out.
 But elephants love Indian rice wine.
 And so they've stampeded villages,
 and they've got their rice wine and stuff.
 And there was an occasion a few years ago,
 I think maybe in 2004, where they got really drunk on rice beer
 and they ended up knocking over an electricity pole.
 And four of them got electrocuted.
 So it's-- drinking is dangerous.
 Not just for humans.
 But it's not dangerous for another animal called
 the Pentails Tree Shrew, which lives in Malaysia.
 And it's frequently drunk as a much drunker than human
 skat, it's several times over the legal limit to drive,
 for example, even if it wasn't Tree Shrew.
 But the equivalent of about nine small glasses of wine
 is what scientists think based on Tree Shrew biology
 and also the effect of the nectar.
 But they don't get drunk in the same way that humans do.
 They don't show the same effect behaviorally.
 So some scientists think that we might be able to harness
 the power of the Tree Shrew to drink it down.
 So why would we want to harness something that allows us
 to drink and not get drunk?
 Because beyond me, I don't think that humanity's
 crying out for me.
 Good call.
 But yeah, that's really cool.
 I think they pollinate the plant by doing this.
 And so they'll go keep going back to the bar
 and getting another sip.
 And slow loruses do it as well.
 That's cool.
 I love slow loruses.
 Yeah, these slow loruses, I think,
 is the only mammal that is both venomous and poisonous.
 And it's the only primate that's venomous at all.
 They produce poison in their elbows.
 And then they lick it.
 And they have it in their teeth.
 And then they'll bite you with it.
 And they'll inject the poison into you.
 Wow.
 So it's not quite venomous.
 Because usually you're producing the venom
 in the same place where you're giving it to your victim.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, that's so cute.
 Got such a cute reputation.
 Yeah.
 Don't know that bite you.
 We had on our show, we had a venomous centipede
 that eats bats.
 Cool.
 Yeah, it's 30 centimeters long.
 And it hangs from the top of a cave.
 And when a bat flies by, it just catches them
 while they're flying.
 And then eats it complete in two hours, I think.
 And we had an on the show.
 And I threw in a piece of chicken.
 And it just ran for it and just grabbed it.
 I hate centipedes so much.
 I think my leaves favor that all.
 Yeah, I don't like them at all.
 What about millipedes?
 I don't like them.
 I've been reading about legs.
 And centipedes move very fast, because they're hunters.
 And millipedes move nice and slowly and gently,
 because they're scavengers.
 They're not interested in chasing down prey.
 So I think it's that centipede movement that I don't like.
 Mm-hmm.
 The one that Leven was talking about
 is called Skolopendra Gigantia.
 And it's been found in London, the batting one.
 Great.
 I bet it's been found in Southwest London, hasn't it?
 Unfortunately, no.
 It was found by Stuart Hain, who a guy who we've met
 from a natural history museum.
 It was reparded to him.
 And it was climbing up someone's living room wall.
 Oh, wow.
 A bite of this centipede has described
 as 30 bee stings in one place for a human.
 So it's not lethal for a human, but it's extremely painfully.
 James, if you tell me where the living room wall was,
 I will never go to that postcode in London.
 We couldn't vent the sport centipede and it depends.
 And so--
 [LAUGHTER]
 All right, shall we move on?
 So James, you've got any things you want to add?
 The misconception about koalas getting high on eucalyptus
 savethekoala.com, and they're very happy about that at all.
 They say the myth possibly arose as a way
 of explaining why koalas sleep for up to 22 hours a day.
 They need more sleep than most animals
 because eucalyptus leaves contain toxins, which kind of sounds
 like they are getting a bit high, but they're very adamant.
 They're not.
 OK.
 So sweet that they're trying to defend them
 for accusations of drug addiction, like our little koalas
 are not just taking drugs and getting high, OK?
 They're good boys.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 OK, let's move on to our final fact of the show.
 And Andy, it's you.
 OK.
 The youngest woolly mammoths are older than the oldest Egyptian
 ferros.
 Mammoths were walking the earth while there were ferros in Egypt.
 And after about 1,000 years of ferros as well.
 But yes, the last mammoths died out in about 1,500 BC.
 So they were around a lot longer than we think.
 I think that was actually when the pyramid's in a bit,
 but aren't they?
 Yeah, but it sounds like a great B-movie ferros in mammoths.
 Yes, we're going due to theaters near you.
 Yeah.
 But presumably, there weren't any woolly mammoths in Egypt.
 No.
 There's no ferros riding a woolly mammoth.
 No, the last ones were in the Arctic.
 In the Arctic.
 They were on a place called Wrangle Island,
 which is amazing today.
 It's now part of Russia.
 A few people believe they're still around, actually.
 Yes.
 Yeah, they were allegedly seen in Northern Russia.
 I think three years ago, it was a YouTube clip.
 But then it turned out to be false, of course.
 But you have this niche movement of crypto-biologists
 who think that there's many large animals
 that we haven't found yet, such as Bigfoot, of course.
 Yeah.
 But they also believe in the mammoth.
 Well, I mean, it's really interesting,
 because when you say, yeah, there might be woolly mammoths out there.
 Most of us just go, that's impossible.
 But they have found countless numbers of extinct animals
 that haven't been extinct.
 And we had a, in a future podcast coming out,
 we spoke to an explorer called John Blaschard-Snell,
 who went out to look for a mythical mammoth elephant
 and managed to find it.
 And it was thought to have been extinct and turned out it wasn't.
 And I can't remember.
 Is there anyone remember where he looked for that?
 I thought it was--
 Yeah, and a pull.
 That was a different kind of Asian elephant.
 Yes, to the one everyone thought.
 Yeah, you have this cartoon by XKCD, the internet,
 you have to list.
 And he has this timeline.
 And he says that now that everyone is carrying a photo camera
 or a video camera everywhere, the odds of finding Bigfoot
 are getting pretty slim.
 Because we had all these messy photos from a big distance.
 But everybody has a camera everywhere now.
 So if it exists, we should see it coming 10 years,
 or it just is important.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Oh, speaking of fakes, in 2003, a museum in Leon C,
 abandoned its plans to display 150,000-year-old,
 four-foot-long, woolly mammoth's tusk.
 After a second opinion from a geologist,
 identified it as a length of Victorian drainage pipe.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So it did not fit that.
 They were using tusks for pipes.
 That's fantastic.
 Amazing.
 I think at this point, the DNA that they've
 found in frozen mammoths is good enough to clone them.
 They found woolly mammoth blood and muscle tissue
 inside the bodies, which is a big step towards it.
 But just the so many difficulties of cloning
 beyond the thoracic park problem, finding a host,
 finding an organism similar enough.
 And they did clone the eyebecks, the perinean eyebecks.
 But that was an animal which had died out in the '90s.
 And they managed to clone one.
 It survived to seven minutes.
 The one that was born.
 Yeah, and then it had lung problems and died
 as a result of them.
 But they managed it.
 And what animal carried it?
 I don't know.
 Or maybe I suppose a similar eyebecks.
 We had a guy on Museum of Curiosity, the radio show
 that we do.
 He's a primatologist called Volkissummer.
 And he was saying one of the dangerous things
 that you're not allowed to say out loud,
 is that actually humans and great apes
 could actually still copulate and have a child.
 There is a story that in Belgian Congo,
 there was a mix of a bonnable and a human.
 Really, yes.
 But it's completely unject.
 One of the most famous biologists in Belgium
 is very fond of this myth and really wants to find it.
 Because I think technically, that would mean
 that we are the same species.
 No, that's only if the children can have children themselves.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 I am three and a half percent near the tall, by the way.
 You actually, you know that for certain?
 Yeah.
 I had my DNA tested.
 I am three and a half percent near the tall.
 Wow.
 Is that high above average?
 I think the average is two and a half, yeah.
 So I'm a bit more stupid than average.
 Cool.
 No, it's stronger, sorry.
 I mean, it's better at opening jars and--
 The place where you test it, when they send the results,
 they also have a suggestion of buying the t-shirts,
 three and a half percent near the tall.
 So for every percentage, they have a t-shirt.
 So they have maybe one or two--
 10 percent near the tall.
 How high does it go?
 I don't think it goes up to 10.
 I think maybe five or something.
 It is the highest and the lowest is maybe one and a half or something.
 The five is quite a lot.
 Yeah, five is a lot.
 Yeah, but I'm not sure.
 I'm not sure.
 Hey, did you know that with woolly mammoth tusks,
 that if you cut them open, like if you slice them between,
 you can tell how old the woolly mammoth was by the rings?
 Like a tree?
 Yeah.
 You can count the age of a woolly mammoth by its rings.
 The same thing is true for the earwax of whales.
 What?
 Wow.
 Yes.
 So a whale is a mammal.
 And of course, because of the high pressure,
 the water would get inside the ears.
 And evolutionary, they developed a plug of earwax inside the ears
 to keep the water out.
 And it grows every year.
 So when they find a dead whale, they just
 cut open the earwax plug.
 And they can count the ear rings in there.
 Wow.
 That lovely job.
 Brilliant, like a scam.
 Yeah.
 And they can even find chemicals in the rings,
 so they know in what year it was exposed to certain chemicals
 on that.
 Should we-- James, you want to add anything?
 The iBax was surrogated in a domestic goat.
 And that works OK.
 One quick more year-ing fact.
 Yes, you might have heard this.
 The oldest tree in the world, I think
 there's this wooden California where
 they have really old trees up to 4,000, 5,000 years old.
 And one guy was testing them.
 And he had a special drill.
 You had to drill into the tree and then take it out
 and you could count the year-ings.
 And it was a very expensive drill, was a new one.
 So he put it in a tree and then he couldn't get it out again.
 And then one of the guys there said, oh, let's just cut down
 the trees.
 There's lots of them here and then cut them down.
 And then he took this sample and he started counting
 and found out that this was the oldest tree ever seen
 in the world that he had just cut down.
 And the other oldest living tree is in another state.
 So they were very angry because now the other state
 had the oldest tree in the world.
 And he had to quit his job.
 And he moved to studying lakes.
 And I'm always wondering--
 You can't cut down a lake at least.
 Well, I'm always wondering if he ever studied the arral lake,
 which is slowly drying up.
 Oh, of course, yeah.
 Maybe his fault too.
 Yeah.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 OK, that's it.
 That's all of our facts.
 Thanks so much for listening, everyone.
 If you want to get in touch with any of us
 about any of the things we've said in this episode,
 we can all be got on Twitter.
 I'm on @Sriberland, Andy.
 Andrew Hunter M. Anna?
 Still not there.
 I've got an email address, though.
 OK, what's your email address?
 I'm going to give it out.
 Thanks, cheers.
 You can get Anna, though, on @Quickipedia.
 She's often on that.
 James, what are you on?
 @Xshaped.
 And our special guest, Leven.
 Leven's here, too.
 Great, fantastic.
 We're going to have lots of these videos and links
 and all that sort of stuff we've been talking about in this episode
 up on qi.com/podcast.
 So if you want to check out anything there,
 and we'll be back again next week.
 Thanks, everyone, for listening to this episode
 and no such thing as a fish.
 Goodbye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC]
