 Hi everyone welcome to a very special mini little episode of no such thing as a fish now if
 You remember last week. We said we were about to do a
 20-hour podcast with
 35 incredible guests and guess what we did it
 Thank you so much to those people who joined us the crazy people who stayed up for the whole 20 hours
 I don't know what you think you were doing but anyone who came to any of those sections and
 Especially anyone who donated. Thank you so so much so far. We have made over a hundred and fifty thousand pounds
 For comic relief some of the best causes around the world
 But we want to do better and the way that we can do that is by you guys catching up with all 35 sections
 Because we are putting them on YouTube
 This episode that you're about to hear is a little taster of our conversation with Richard Osmond the host of
 Pointless house of games best-selling author really help you enjoy it if you want to hear the full thing
 You can hear that on our YouTube page where over the next two weeks
 We will be putting up all of the sections
 Maybe three a day something like that and that will be chats with people like Michael Palin with people like Steven Frey
 Sandy Tuxwig, Shappie Corsandi
 Carrie Mulligan who you might have heard has just been nominated for a little bit of an Oscar this week
 Richard Curtis there was an amazing bit where Tim Minchin did a song for us
 Honestly, each one of those sections is so much fun in its own way
 And the way that you can watch any one of those will be to go to qi.com
 Slash comic relief if you're thinking well, I don't want to listen to those incredibly talented and funny people
 I just want to give money to Comet relief
 Well, you can do that as well and to do that you go to Comet relief com slash fish
 That will take you to our just giving page and honestly if you can spare as little as five pounds
 It will make such a massive difference to people all around the world
 Especially in a year when charities have really really been struggling due to coronavirus
 Anyway, I really hope you enjoy this little chat with Richard
 And I suppose on with the podcast
 Welcome back everyone it is time to move on to our next guest and boy do we have an exciting one
 We have someone who is I guess the biggest quizzing personality on TV
 You'll know him from house of games. You'll know him from pointless, but just as a sort of side project
 He's also become the best-selling fictional author to have a debut book out in the history of books
 That's his kind of side plate of things that he does
 You'll know it as the Thursday murder club. We're so excited to have him here for fact number eight. It is Mr
 Richard Osmond
 How are you? We are good. How is it going so far great cracking really?
 It's we've raised 45,000 pounds since
 Since going which is very exciting. We had a target of 35,000 so we've exceeded that and
 Yeah, if all your all your fans watching now
 Can contribute as well. We would be hugely grateful to be on 45,150
 Well, let's get into it. We understand you brought a fact so it's time for fact number eight and that is Richard Osmond
 I have brought a fact that it's it's it's who wants to be a millionaire related for reasons
 We will get on to but my fact is the man who wrote the theme tune so he wants to be a millionaire also wrote mistletoe and wine
 A gentleman called Keith Strachan
 He's been around for years and years. He's a musician musical director all sorts of things like that wrote mistletoe and wine from musical fun
 enough
 Cliff took hold of it so he won a live in the valley for it
 But for years also rate theme music for sell a door
 So we do lots of ill remembered shows like talking telephone numbers
 And then you know one day gets the call saying that we're doing this pilot in a couple of days time
 It's this thing called who wants to be a millionaire. We're not happy with the song
 We've got which was written by Pete Waterman stock eighth in the water and so we're not happy with it
 Is there anything you can do he sat down with his son put something together lots of sort of streams and stuff like that
 Couple of days later the pilot goes out that song is probably made in tens of millions
 Or theme tune in the history of television that they use the same thing tune around the world. Yeah
 Millionaire and and weakest link one of those shows that was always done as a kid apart
 I you buy you buy the look you buy the set you buy the graphics you buy the music
 She's not always the case. So yeah, every time it's played in America every time it's based on
 Keith Stratton is
 Like the millionaire theme it's not my lot not that melodic is it well, that's the thing you couldn't whistle it right no
 Yeah, I've heard that you are meant to be able to sing along to it and I can just about get the who wants to be
 What's to be a million?
 Do little a little and I don't know if I'm seeing the right bit to the right. I don't think
 What I do is you've just made Keith Stratton seven and a half
 That part of it is based on the musical song who wants to be a millionaire is that I think that's the other part that he
 I kind of know that song when you say
 Those from Fiddler on the roof or something, but someone in the chat will know what it's from. Yeah
 Now normally we have sandy toxin tell us these things
 You don't know we shut down our computers
 I have to ring up my mum and ask her the answer the question
 That pilot of who wants to be a millionaire
 Actually the first episode that went out. I think the pilot was broadcast
 It got 46 of the total tv audience at the time
 And I mean it was it was so huge Chris Tarrant said the day after the first episode went out
 Someone shouted at him from a passing lorry phone a friend and he said that happened every day for the next 15 years
 Host you barely go through three shows or that's someone looking nervous if they don't know an answer and saying can I phone a friend
 It's the goat
 When you sit in the makeup chair
 As well. So if you're if you're a new contestant you sit in the makeup chair
 This is just if anyone ever goes on a quiz
 every single man
 Nervous of course sits down and says short back and sides, please
 Every single one and there's poor makeup artists happening up
 So many people watching who would have been one of those people rich
 Crying into that
 But I would do it as well, you know, you're nervous and so yeah
 Yeah, Richard do you get like people shouting things at you in the street like central african republic or
 Or what are the things but people always just shout the pointless to me in the street
 I'm aware that other people walking past you might not know who I am
 I've just seen someone
 If I get most off the pointless honestly, what it used to in these days
 It's it's it's the book in its house against but the thing I think I used to get more as much as pointless is people saying
 Oh count down
 you're like, oh
 really
 The Zondra and I you know, who are they so rich? Who do they think they think you're Susie Dentore?
 Richard Whiteley?
 I think I know I don't think they really think I'm on count down. I think you have been on count down a couple of times
 So maybe they just really like that episode
 And so I've got hundreds of millions of viewers around the world
 We want Zondra wants to literally introduce the show. I'm Alexander Armstrong and welcome to count down
 Those are so exciting but the reason he did it is because the audition for count down
 and
 We were genuinely thinking because you know, he would he's obviously a brilliant comic actor and was doing the vital use for you all the time
 And we thought we'll never do a daytime show and then we got some info that he was doing an audition for count down
 And we thought well, if he's up for doing that then perhaps he'd be up for doing our show
 And so literally off the back of that we thought let's get him in and he came in and then then we had our house
 So we have count down
 Yeah, if he'll do a countdown he will do any daytime show that's nice
 What's your favorite theme tune Richard? You must have one
 Favorite theme tune is superstars. I would think from the uh from from the 70s
 Uh, it's you know, it's absolutely. I'm quite but you know if they play like theme tunes
 If you're watching university challenge or something and there's uh, you recognize all of them
 But you can I always think they're from kickstart. Um, but superstars is the one. Yeah, absolutely
 It's so brilliant. If you if you haven't heard it have have a little go and listen to it best show ever and best theme tune ever
 I learned the other day, uh, actually this was a few months ago
 But that the inspector gadget theme tune
 And the mysterious cities of gold theme tune and the he-man theme tune and jason the wheel warriors new overseas for people of a certain age
 We're all written by the same guy
 called shuki levy and he also wrote the israeli
 1981 eurovision song contest entry, which I haven't heard but you must be amazing, right because they are absolutely everyone is an
 Absolutely, thank you. Although it's going to gadget is just a big old plagiarism the same as sonic the hedgehog
 It's it's in fact a gadget goes
 Yeah, that's hall of the mountain king same as sonic the hedgehog. Oh, he's just slightly changed the timing. Uh, that's just hall of the mountain king
 He wants to be available there based on holster planets. Yeah, that's a particular
 Like stab of brass or stab of horns or something that yeah, he worked from
 I think a cool thing about the holster's planets the other day. I think it was for net tune
 um, they had
 The choir that's in the song fade out, but they weren't able to fade it out properly at the time
 And so what they did was they had the choir in a different room and they slowly closed the door
 And then once it was shut, yeah
 What is you know, again, if we uh, we're editing this this might not end up in the final show
 possibly not true
 Do you know my favorite um theme tune because of a fact is the seinfeld theme tune now
 I've always I've always loved it because I love seinfeld and the stand-up moment at the beginning
 So for anyone that doesn't remember it, it's like
 Baseline uh, but it was done on a synth what I didn't realize was that for the first I think it must have been eight series
 That theme tune was re-recorded for every single episode
 Because and it makes total sense seinfeld is doing stand-up. There are different beats to where his joke is going to land each time
 So this guy used to get sent the footage of the latest stand-up bit going at the front of seinfeld
 And he would live jam the theme tune for every single episode
 Put all those moments in when he could see seinfeld coming to a beat in the joke
 It's something like 200 episodes that he've re-wrote it for every single time. He must have got tired of that tune
 Could you tell at the end it was losing some of its vigor?
 That's like when the circus when you used to see dancing horses dancing to the music
 And you think how do they get the horses to dance to the music?
 They don't they play the music to match whatever the hell the horses are doing that seinfeld is the horse in that scenario
 Yeah, and I can't believe you've just ruined that magic for children in the 1950s
 He went to the circus but still my favorite scene tune is also the most well-known piece of music in the uk apparently
 According to a 2000. I think it was 2008 poll actually
 EastEnders
 Correct must be EastEnders there and that beat god save the queen into number two
 But I didn't realize very neat EastEnders fact. It has a spin-off called julius theme written by one of the EastEnders
 Creators and that's when you know when you get an ending which is a bit more poignant and it doesn't really suit the boom boom boom
 And then julius theme comes in and it comes in about once a year
 Oh
 If you get a julius theme that must be a big moment as an east ender that's it
 Of course, Elita Dobson had a big hit they put lyrics to the east enders theme tune
 Anyone can fall in love and Elita Dobson who's Angie had a pit with it on top of the pops and all sorts of things
 Back in those days you had eight sides and b-sides and I wonder what the b-sides of that must have been
 They used to um if you used to watch bullseye back in the day at the very end
 They would throw the darts and try and win the big prize
 And if they won the prize they would have the theme tune and if they lost the prize
 They would have the same theme tune but in a minor key
 A little bit slower
 So sometimes they release the the themes and they they chart
 Um, can you think of the highest charting tv teams? You never it's gonna be a kids show, right?
 It's got to be like Barney or builder or I've got suit for you right here. I bet theme from match
 Was number one suicide is painless. Yeah
 And another number one with eye levels. I think was found of all so there's a couple for you right there
 Okay, I've got an answer for you all anyway
 And it's going to divide opinion
 It's going to divide the room because you've named a lot of songs that went to number one
 So it's clearly a dead tie
 But a million people in 1997 bought the tally tubby's theme tune. I believe that's in the uk
 I was one of them. Really?
 Were you on that?
 See I was a student at the time and that's that was the demographic for the show. So it was um
 But bob the builder was which dan I think dan mentioned
 Yeah, I said bob the builder bob the builder not only had a huge number one hit
 I think second only to tally tubbies
 But bob the builder released a version of mambo number five which also sold 400 000 copies
 So sorry, did bob the builder rewrote mambo number five?
 Yeah
 And changed the lyrics because it's still non-child friendly. The lyrics are the same. It's all about women. Bob is accused
 These are sexy man. Everyone's got to build a fantasy, you know
 Okay, so on mambo number five that was the theme tune to something else
 Um, which I always love this fact that was a theme tune to one of bill clinton's democratic conventions
 In the early 90s
 Do you and it was it was set to be like the proper walk-in walk-out music until someone pointed out at the last minute
 That it did contain the line a little bit of monica in my life
 Wow, that's an oversight, isn't it from me? You know, Lou Baker. Yeah. Yeah, did you know where he's from?
 Oh, damn. He's german, isn't he? He's german
 I mean, I just didn't know he was did you did any all right? Can we count richard out for a second?
 Did you guys know he was german? I don't fully know who he is
 Well, it's the singer of mambo number five, which is not like a very latin song. It doesn't sound like a you know, a calvinist
 rhythm
 A lot of those names what I've never thought about a lot of those names are quite germanic as monica
 Angela, you know, they're quite unusual names, but helga
 A little bit of brunhilde in my head
 Yeah
 I think I know the oldest theme tune in the world
 Plansdown is almost a thousand years old the arches
 That's I mean, it's correct. He's won the money. What does what prizes you get a tea towel or something? It's the arches
 Oh, really? I was saying the arches is a very old show and
 It was a weird question because the joke answer is the same as the real answer in this
 This is something that was spotted by howard goodall in um, the story of music and he
 pointed out that there's a 12th century piece
 Which is a gregarian chant it was written we think about 1198
 It's a weed aren't omnis or weed aren't omnis
 And he is right if you listen to it it is very similar to
 Is a little bit more
 Oh
 But it's there
 Isn't that exciting and then it sort of stuck around as a theme in various tunes through the centuries
 Rocked up in Prokofiev that start the 20th century and then
 Sought into the arches
 Do any of you I know one of you knows this who wrote the theme tune for eight out ten cats?
 Oh
 Rich there was it. It was one of the cats, wasn't it? It was someone from one of my favorite bands
 Oh, uh, oh steps so, um
 No, a band not as good as slips. Yeah, okay next best it was richard's brother that husband from swade
 Your brothers in sw- why didn't we get him on?
 That's cool, isn't it?
 He did that and uh, with with a guy called Alex league it was in strange love and swade now is in france and the machine
 Uh, and yeah, they put that together with it. It's fascinating to be there still makes money out of it today, obviously
 And cats does countdown which by and large is the countdown theme music
 But then continues with the drums for cats, but because it continues with that he still gets money from it's nice, isn't it?
 Yeah
 The guy who does weakest link makes millions millions upon millions upon millions
 We all know everyone knows that's the key is to write a jingle that's used as a theme tune and no one can ever do it
 It doesn't always work though. So for example in 1973
 I love this fact the theme tune to last of the summer wine was released as a as a pop single
 Well, certainly i'm it was released into the singles chart and I say into the chart it did not chart
 Um, yeah, I think that's adorable. Um, ronnie hazelhurst richard. I imagine you know his name
 He he came up with so many theme tunes. It was the bbc light entertainment music director
 Um, so I'll just list a few are you being served, uh, regi pair in yes minister
 Some others do have them the two ronnie's blankety blank generation game
 You could spend a whole evening watching bbc output and he would have done pretty much the whole thing
 but uh after
 Oh and he conducted the british and euro the british eurovision entry seven times in a row
 You know great great figure of musical composition
 But after he died several of his obituaries mentioned this amazing fact, which is that he also wrote s club seven's reach
 Well, no hang on he didn't he absolutely didn't
 It was just it had just been banged up onto his wikipedia page and that you know
 The times the independent the guardian all these papers just sloshed it right into their obituary
 He did not like reach of course they wrote all the wrong stuff didn't they s club seven
 Alan hawkshaw did countdown too
 And he it's really nice whenever you listen to countdown
 The theme tune is the sound of students being given grants because the royalties from
 It goes to underprivileged students that leads college of music
 If you listen to cats just count down you know that 50 percent of the money is going to underprivileged students
 50 percent is going into my brother's pocket
 Well, we do need to wrap up. Thank you so much richard. We've been dying to talk to you as a foursome
 Uh for a long time. So this is this is a big moment for us
 And can I can I just say from every book what you're doing?
 It sounds like oh, no, it's just a laugh isn't it 35 minutes 35 people
 To do what you're doing is incredibly difficult, you know, just you know
 And I know you're doing it all through the night and stuff like that, you know, you're brilliant
 We all know that and week after week you turn out this incredible podcast
 And to do 35 interviews of 35 minutes each. Yeah, I doth my cap to you
 Everybody I please please please donate because this is for incredible people doing an incredible thing
 Couldn't be more of a pleasure to be
 Invited to thank you and honor as well and listen. Good luck. I should be I should be watching not the whole thing
 So thank you so much for having me on. Oh, thank you. Thank you for those kind words
 Richard Gossman everyone
 And we will be back in just a few minutes time with our next guest for fact number nine. It is superkins. Stay tuned
 Okay, that's it. I hope you enjoyed that like dan and richard said
 There is a very quick way that you can give money right now to comic relief
 And that is to go to comic relief comm slash fish and that will take you to our just giving page
 And if you want to watch all of the sections that we did with all of the amazing people
 Those videos can be watched three a day at qi.com slash comic relief
 We'll be back again on friday with a normal show
 Oh
 Oh
 Oh
 Oh
 Oh
 Oh
 Oh
 Oh
 Oh
 Oh
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
