 We run it on QI a few years ago.
 Yeah.
 And which was, there's no such thing as a fish.
 It's kind of the nicer thing as a fish.
 No, seriously, it's kind of the Oxford Dictionary of Underwater Life.
 It says it right there, first paragraph.
 No such thing as a fish.
 Hello, and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish.
 A weekly podcast coming to you from the QI offices in Covert Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I'm sitting here with three other elves who've got James Harkin
 and a Chisinski and on fact-checking duties, Andy Murray.
 And we also have a special guest today.
 It's the creator of QI.
 It's the chief gnome himself, Mr. John Lloyd.
 Today's episode is a special one.
 It is a tie-in for the final of the 2014 Brazilian World Cup
 and we are going to be talking about nothing but football.
 Now, this is going to be quite interesting
 given that none of us know anything about football.
 But we've done our research and so we once again
 gathered round our microphones
 and these are the best football facts that we found out from the last seven days.
 So no particular order, here we go.
 OK, fact number one, Anna.
 Yep, my fact is that the first known football chant was composed by Elgar.
 The first gnome football chant.
 That was never in me, the chief gnome.
 OK, let's clarify that Elgar wasn't a gnome.
 He's obviously one of our most famous composers.
 He wrote "Land of Hope and Glory."
 "Land of Hope and Glory" is often used as a football chant.
 Yes, it is.
 They sing, "We hate nothing and forest, we hate evidence too.
 We hate man-united, but Liverpool we love you."
 And they always change the teams.
 But the first team always seems to be nothing and forest
 because it scans properly.
 Which is a bit harsh, I'm nothing and forest like every team hates them.
 The other thing about Elgar, he's the only major composer
 to have mastered the bassoon.
 So when other composers were writing for the bassoon,
 they didn't make it up.
 No, the bassoon is a very important thing in all sorts of ways.
 St. Darwin used to play the bassoon to worms on his billion table
 to see if they had a sense of hearing.
 Because I know that Elgar stopped playing the violin
 because he decided he wasn't good enough.
 So maybe he did that thing and thinking,
 "I'm a bit crap all the mainstream instruments.
 Let's go for the weirdo, but no one ever plays."
 Was he a footballer, Elgar?
 No, he wasn't, but he was a big fan of wolves.
 And he wrote a song called "He Banged the Leather" in 1898,
 which was actually before he became particularly famous.
 He'd written a few pieces.
 And he wrote it because he went to stay with his friend,
 Dora Penny, whose father was a rector in Wolverhampton.
 And he, the first question he asked
 when he got off the train was,
 "So we're going to go and see a football match."
 And after that, they went.
 And he's cycled 40 miles from his home regularly
 to go and watch Wolves play.
 So how did he spread the chant initially?
 I'm not, there's not much evidence of it being some of the time.
 I think it was only discovered about 50 years after...
 Oh, okay, so it wasn't him being an embarrassing dad in the crowd.
 Just going, "Come on, everyone!"
 "I'll play it on the bassoon, you guys sing along."
 That's why bassoons are now banned.
 That's like the old school of the Vazella.
 Yeah.
 I'm coming with their bassoons.
 The thing about chants, I really like is it must...
 That there was a very famous referee called Graham Poll.
 Oh, yeah.
 And he, on a show, sort of waxed on about how depressed he was
 about the fact that his surname rhymed with Hall.
 Because he just knew that, like, as soon as you join the football,
 you've got to look at every element of your life
 and just go, "Where can this be turned into?"
 Oh, no, Poll, Hall.
 No!
 That's why Paul Anker never became a referee, I suppose.
 Yeah, exactly.
 But it's got an amazing history, doesn't it?
 So I managed to find who ate all the pies.
 Oh, yeah.
 You know that famous chant.
 It's supposedly, it gets traced back to a footballer
 who was a goalie called William Henry Fulk.
 Do you know William Henry Fulk?
 Yeah, Fatty Fulkes was here, Fatty Fulkes.
 He was a goalkeeper, this is the most extraordinary player.
 He was six foot four when the average size was five foot five.
 He used to bend the crossbar, he would pull down on it
 to make the goal smaller, to really bend in.
 And he was just a furious guy.
 One time, he would disagree with a referee
 about a call that made them lose a match.
 And so he nakedly ran through the stadium,
 trying to find the referee.
 But naked?
 Yeah, he was naked.
 He hit himself in a broom cupboard, this referee,
 because he was so petrified, and he started trying to rip the doors off.
 And he was fat.
 Yeah.
 Was that a tactical thing?
 Because I've always wondered if there should be a width restriction on goalies,
 because if you were fat enough, you're just blocking the whole goal, right?
 I don't think that's possible.
 I don't think, although he did play cricket,
 and apparently people used to joke that there was an appeal against the light
 whenever he was bowling.
 A guy called, on Twitter, called @villanesstato, he tweeted me about the football podcast,
 and he told me about this goalkeeper called Lee Roos.
 Oh, yeah.
 And his trick was quite clever, really.
 Whenever a corner would go in, he would sit on the crossbar,
 so he was higher than everyone else,
 and then he'd launch himself from the crossbar to catch the ball.
 Wow.
 That's a pretty good trick.
 Yeah, that's a great trick.
 If it works.
 Yeah, I don't suppose they do it anymore, so maybe it doesn't work.
 You know, Osama Bin Laden has his own chant.
 Arsenal.
 Yeah, it's Osama, whoa, whoa, Osama, whoa, whoa.
 He's hiding in Kabul.
 He loves the Arsenal.
 Is that something?
 He was an Arsenal fan.
 He was a huge Arsenal fan.
 And when he lived in London, he actually went to a bunch of matches,
 bought a jersey, which he brought back for his son, which was, I believe, in right.
 The man was in right.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And he officially got banned by Arsenal from ever attending one of their matches on their grounds,
 post 9/11.
 That was Arsenal's official response to the travesties of America.
 I'm 2004 to 2005.
 England got its first chant, laureate.
 Johnny Hurst.
 It was the board that decided who he was going to be was chaired by Andrew Motion,
 who was obviously the pert laureate at the time.
 And he was paid £10,000 for a year, which is twice as much as the pert laureate gets for his post,
 and to write chants.
 And you should look him up because they are appalling, like that.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And Arsenal, actually, in 2008, I think, or I don't know, in the early 2000s,
 Arsenal released an official chant book and distributed to its players, which, obviously,
 did not catch on at all.
 Well, like a hymn's book.
 Basically, like a hymn, like standing up in his empty.
 [LAUGHTER]
 At the first column, though, we will be singing hymn number 369.
 The referees are wanker.
 [LAUGHTER]
 OK, Andy, have you got anything to add?
 Do you want a chance?
 Yes, I have.
 We were on Charles Darwin earlier.
 And Darwin shouted at his earthworms in his last book, which was called the catchy title,
 "The Formation of Vegetable Mold Through the Action of Worms with Observations on their Habits."
 He played the bassoon to them.
 It's got a brilliant end, that book.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So that's Darwin.
 I have found an article in the Guardian, which says that Osama bin Laden was not a fan.
 What?
 A personal, but it's, I think, is open to dispute, because he was a fan of football in his younger
 days.
 So I reckon that one stacks up.
 Someone wrote after he was, after he was killed, someone wrote on Twitter.
 After watching Arsenal yesterday, it was perhaps some wise for bin Laden to rush into his
 yard shouting out, "Come on, the Gunners."
 [LAUGHTER]
 No.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 OK, let's move on to fact number two.
 And that is my fact.
 And that is that Eric Cantina was raised in a cave.
 There's a good football chance about him.
 Is there?
 Isn't there?
 Yeah.
 They did sing "U-A-Cantina," didn't they?
 And Man United still fans still sing about Cantina, or even though he hasn't played for them for--
 Yeah, he even, in the year, that he was banned for flykicking a man in the head.
 Still one player's player of the year, perhaps accelerated it.
 When you say he was raised in a cave, Dan, do you mean a cave or a cove?
 Oh, what's that?
 A wine cellar.
 I'm sure it's a cave.
 He was French, you know.
 He was French.
 That's true.
 Yeah, no.
 It was a lookout post that was used by occupying Nazis during World War II.
 Then got a band-in and his paternal grandparents arrived from Sardinia and they occupied the cave.
 And they slowly renovated it over the years.
 Funny didn't take up cricket rather than football or those bats in there.
 He even passed on.
 But he got the tone of the lame jokes on the podcast, right down to a tee.
 I'm in there like a rat on a fire, Panna.
 So just speaking of growing up in caves, I was thinking about people who live in bizarre homes.
 There's a story in the news this week about a house in Wales that's gone up for sale for 425 grand,
 which has its own private train station where you can hail down trains.
 Isn't that cool?
 You can hail a train.
 Yeah.
 It's not uncommon at my mum's local station in Dorset.
 Really?
 You stick your hand out in the train stop.
 You do not try this.
 You do not try this.
 Where the Virgin Pendelino is going past.
 Eric Cantina.
 Yeah.
 He sits in the pantheon of those amazing football characters that you love almost as much for their
 social life as you do for their life on the field, on the pitch.
 Like Pele.
 Pele is another one that I love.
 What did he do?
 There's an amazing ad where he was standing in a massive pitch looking around, going,
 you know, I've played in some of the greatest stadiums of the world.
 I've played amongst the greatest roaring fans that you could ever want.
 And then he goes into the locker rooms and he says, I've shared these locker rooms with
 some of the greatest players who've ever walked onto the pitch and we spoke about everything.
 Our lives, our families, our greatest fears.
 The one thing we never spoke about though was a rectal dysfunction.
 And then it turned into an ad of how you need to see your doctor if you're not getting
 it up.
 Yeah.
 It's just like Pele.
 Where has this come from?
 The ultimate advocate of a rectal dysfunction.
 So go you.
 That's as exciting as your career to me.
 This is somewhat related.
 Another Brazilian footballer, Garence is very famous from the same era.
 He lost his virginity to a goat according to his official biography.
 No.
 And really?
 Yeah.
 Apparently.
 He was on top James, that's the thing.
 I think the goat for the first half, he was, his nickname was the Ren because the way he
 ran because one of his legs was shorter than the other.
 And when they won the World Cup, he got a bonus and he hid the money underneath his child's
 bed.
 Forgot about it.
 And then when he remembered, he found out that his child had been wetting the bed for
 three years and it was completely ruined.
 Oh no.
 Talking of nicknames, do you know who Sulphus Nielsen was?
 I do not.
 He was nicknamed Crobin or bandy legs.
 And he was the first man to score ten goals in a national match.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 Because his bandy legs made him very difficult to tackle because it was a huge gap between
 where his legs should be.
 1908 at the Olympics.
 We were talking earlier about Cantana kicking football fans.
 Yeah.
 He's got nothing on this guy.
 Javier Flores.
 He was a Colombian midfielder and he'd lost a game, lost a football match and he was driving
 home.
 He was driving.
 There was a group of fans there and they started shouting "weak, weak, weak" and so he shot
 them.
 Oh.
 And when he got brought up in front of the judge, he said that as he drove past it wasn't
 his fault.
 He was drunk.
 I happen to know from having been a lawyer in my early youth that drunkenness is not a defense
 to murder.
 No, especially not when you're driving, I don't suppose.
 Because crime of passion can sometimes be a defense in France, can't it?
 I think.
 I think France is the only country where if a murder you complete crime of passion.
 I read somewhere, I'm sure this is a powerful Andy will tell us, but it used to be a crime
 of passion to kill somebody for pinching your parking space in front.
 It's kind of such an offensive thing to do, but it would be let off.
 Football has by and large underprivileged in terms of their upbringing, would you say?
 You would think that it's a working class spot in this country, you would think.
 And it's fine, I didn't start out that way, did it?
 Because in the early days, there's an amazing guy called Lord Knad, who was president of
 the FA for 33 years, extraordinary player.
 He played in nine FA Cup finals, five times on the winning side, three times for wanderers,
 which is a mixed public school boys team, and twice for the Old Attonions.
 And he didn't just play football, he won the 350-yard race at Eaton in 1864.
 The international canoe race at the 1867 Paris Exhibition, two blues for Tennesse at Cambridge.
 And he was champion of Cambridge University in both fives and swimming, extraordinary guy.
 It's great in those days when you could be the best at everything, wasn't it?
 You were like the best soccer player, you were automatically going to be the best long jumper
 and the best, you know, tennis player and everything.
 But speaking of the gentleman sports teams, Corinthians was a team of gentlemen that
 was so gentlemanly that if they got tackled in the penalty area, they would refuse the
 penalty because they thought there was no way that anyone could possibly have done it on purpose.
 That's right.
 I've got the actual quote for that here.
 Yeah, CB Fry wrote, "It is a standing insult to sportsmen to have to play under a rule
 which assumes that the player intends to trip hack or push their opponents and behave
 like cads of the most unscrupulous kidney."
 Christiana Ronaldo thinks the same thing, it's just outrageous.
 All right, Andy, have you got anything to add?
 Yes, I have.
 We were talking about Cantana earlier, way back in distant memory.
 And just a couple of extra things I found about him after he retired from the game.
 He applied to register his name and the phrase, "Who are Cantana as commercial trademarks?"
 Just speaking of trademarking, I remember that when David Hasselhoff got divorced, part
 of his divorce settlement was that he claimed full and total use of the phrase, "Don't
 hassle the hoff," and that his wife was not allowed in any circumstance to use that publicly
 or otherwise.
 That's great.
 We were on defences against crimes earlier.
 I have not found any evidence that parking spaces are justification for murder.
 I have found someone who, in France, who did kill someone else over a parking space, but
 I'm not sure it counts as a crime of passion.
 I thought it was unlikely, I agree.
 But crime of passion has been recently reinstated partially as a defense in murder cases in
 England.
 And last year, on Gorincha, the Brazilian footballer, so four times in his career, he scored
 from a corner.
 Wow.
 It must be the bandy legs coming in handy.
 And in one match against Fiorentina, he beat four defenders and the goalkeeper, and then
 he stopped short of the line to wait for the defenders to catch up with him and then beat
 them again and scored.
 Nice show, coach.
 Okay, let's move on to fact number three.
 That's yours, James.
 Okay.
 My fact is that in the first World Cup final in 1930, the two teams Uruguayan Argentina couldn't
 agree on the size of bowl to use.
 And so they used Argentina's small bowl in the first half and Uruguay's big bowl in the
 second half.
 And it was such a difference that Argentina were two one up at half time when they were
 using their small bowl, and in the second half Uruguay with a big bowl went on to win four
 two.
 So obviously made quite a big difference for the second half.
 So there was a no official ball that was used?
 No, there was no official science to the ball at that time.
 There is now.
 Wasn't there a thing with cricket when it started that nobody thought to define how wide
 a bat could be?
 Really?
 So you could have an enormously wide bat, you know, that we could really cover the weak
 ball pit.
 There's an interesting I've found out about, there are four Olympic sports that have goals
 in them.
 Football, hockey, water, polo, and hamble, yes.
 And this interesting thing called the penalty factor, which is because obviously goals are
 all different sizes and heights, and the balls are also different sizes, so that football
 goal is twice as wide as a hockey goal, but the ball three times larger.
 And the penalty factor is the number that takes all these factors into account to works out
 how hard it is, relatively score a goal, and then there's four sports.
 Oh, really?
 And surprisingly, they're all extraordinarily similar.
 Really?
 Do you think that's just trial and error that they ended up like that?
 I don't know, yeah, it sort of feels like it, doesn't it?
 Yeah.
 It was a really interesting little factoid, which is a football goal.
 You probably knew this, James, but I was like, I knew nothing about football before this
 weekend.
 All of Cuba, as you all know, better than anybody, is that everything's interesting.
 It looks out long enough, and it has been an absolutely fascinating section.
 These little side lights, like, so a football goal is eight yards wide and eight feet high.
 So really neat little thing, but because in metric, it doesn't look like anything interesting.
 No, you're right.
 And FIFA did try, or they did talk about widening the goals a few years ago, because I think
 it was after the American World Cup, and they were trying to get Americans interested
 and thought they were around enough goals in soccer.
 And so they thought about making the goals wider by 50 centimeters on each side, which
 would have spoiled the eight by eight, but also a lot of the goalkeepers went, "Well, people
 watch it because it's so difficult to score goals."
 I mean, if it becomes easy, if you can kick it into a bit where no goalkeeper can get to
 it, then it just spoils the game.
 There used to be, as well, the crossbar was not there initially.
 It was just like rugby, just two poles in the air, and they decided eventually to add the
 crossbar because people just kept loving it way over the height that any human could get
 and would estimate whether or not it had in fact gone between the two bars.
 The net was actually invented by an Everton fan who was so annoyed because not only was
 it a trick of the eye, whether or not the ball had gone past the post on the inside or
 outside of the goal, but fans used to line up right back by the goal line.
 And so they would just hit it with their hand or with their leg.
 So when a goal went in, it just went right back out again and no one knew if it actually
 had made it through.
 There was a famous thing that happened a few years ago, I must be ten years ago now,
 and I'm going to say it was Bristol City, but it might be wrong.
 What they had, they had the net, but they had the advertising hardings too close to the
 back of the net.
 So someone that hit a shot, it went in, instead of making the net bulge, it hit the advertising
 hardings, came back out and they didn't give the goal because I didn't realise it had
 gone in.
 No.
 Is Bristol City any good as a team?
 No.
 Yeah, I wondered why, because there was a famous line in Not the Nine o'clock News and Mel Smith
 as a newsreader reading out the headline.
 It says, "Lord Lucan has been found.
 He's been playing centre-forward for Bristol City."
 I like it.
 Sorry to any Bristol City fans listening.
 I'm a Trammy Robbers fan, they always beat us, but they are not a very good team, though.
 I remember I went to Bristol one time and we were driving down, we were trying to get
 to Ashton Gate, which is the Bristol City ground.
 And we stopped and we asked the guy, "Excuse me, can you tell us where Bristol City's football
 ground is?"
 And he said, "Oh no, we don't play football round here."
 He was a captain of their team.
 Maybe it's Lord Lucan, eh?
 Any other interesting rules, James?
 There used to be no littering allowed in the football.
 There were also, yeah, no littering near the opponent's goal, which basically then later
 became the offside rule.
 I really like in the early days of football how things just went as people decided on the
 spur of the moment.
 So there was a match in 1894 in Sunderland versus Derby County and basically the match was
 ready to start except that the referee hadn't arrived because he'd missed his connecting
 train and so they decided to go for it anyway.
 They brought a guy in who knew how to referee as well.
 He came into the match and they played 45 minutes and there was a 3-0 lead to Sunderland
 by half time.
 The referee arrived, said, "Would you do?
 Start the match without me?"
 No, no, no, no.
 Made it void.
 Started the match again.
 They ended up playing a 3-0 match.
 Wow.
 Do we know where the fight was going?
 Yeah.
 It was 5-0.
 So Sunderland still won, but really it should have been 8-0.
 When the goalkeeper who had lost the match, 8-0 was asked why they'd lost.
 He didn't blame the big defeat on the fact that the referee had messed them about by not
 showing up and then cancelling the points and then so he blamed it because he said it was
 a failure of his to find any rice pudding in Sunderland before the match.
 And his motto famously was "No pudding, no points."
 He ate a bowl of rice pudding before every match, so yeah, that was his excuse.
 Football, of course, evolved from like a village spot where two villages would get a pig's
 bladder and they would try and get it from one village to the other.
 There's a game in 1280 at Olgham in Northumberland where a player was killed as a result of running
 against an opposing player's dagger.
 It sounds rather like he's getting blamed for being stabbed.
 Yeah.
 It's not my fault.
 He ran into my dagger.
 It's not my fault.
 He ran into my dagger.
 He's like that line in Chicago.
 He ran into my knife.
 He ran into my knife ten times.
 What?
 Also, it's interesting to see, again, how the game evolves and how all the rules come into
 play.
 For example, the whistle, the whistle was quite a late introduction into football and what
 they used to do was referees just used to wave a hanky any time they needed to get the attention
 of the other players.
 And so it used to get passed down and I'm like, "Oh, mate, hanky's being wave."
 Also, a folk, apparently this guy, Faddy Fulk, who I mentioned earlier, supposedly the
 reason of ballboys being invented for the sport was a result of him because what they used
 to do was behind the goal to accentuate his size six foot four, everyone else roughly five
 foot five, they used to place two little boys behind the goal just to make him look way larger
 and more intimidating.
 And then any time the ball went past, the boys just naturally went and grabbed the balls
 and that supposedly was how ballboys came about.
 Right.
 So it was a very naturally evolving sport.
 Just going back to the first World Cup with the two balls, the winning goal was scored
 by a guy called Hector Castro, which was quite impressive.
 First winning goal in the first World Cup final.
 What's even more impressive is he only had one arm and when he was 13 years old, he accidentally
 amputated his right forearm while using an electric saw and his teammates nicknamed him El
 Manco.
 Andy, do you have anything to add?
 Yes, as well as variations in the size of the ball.
 There were variations in early matches between the kind of football code that you would use.
 So there were the Sheffield rules and the Nottingham rules and some matches took different sets
 of rules even for the first and second halves of the game.
 And in the early days as well, they turned up with different numbers of players.
 So teams were between nine and 18 players basically.
 John, only you mentioned the massive cricket bat that someone used.
 This is officially known as the Monster Bat incident of 1771.
 So it was just one guy came up with a massive bat and come with the whole wicket.
 Yeah, basically.
 Yeah, but suddenly he produced some eight foot stumps that they nailed in behind him.
 And a huge like Indiana Jones ball coming down.
 So made of stone.
 OK, time for our final factor, the show.
 And that is you, Mr. John Lloyd.
 OK, my fact is that FIFA, the federation, international football association, has more members
 than the UN.
 Right.
 Which I think is a surprising counter-intuitive, quite a lot more members actually.
 He's got 17 more members than the UN.
 Most of these members are tiny little colonies like American Samoan, Guilla, Aruba, Bermuda,
 British Virgin Islands, Camarines, Cook Islands, Curacao, Faroe Islands, Guam, Hong Kong is
 a member of FIFA, Macau, Montserrat, New Caledonia, Palestine as a member of FIFA, but not
 of the UN.
 And of course, Scotland, Northern Ireland, England and Wales.
 And the upshot of this is that it is the reason ultimately why Britain doesn't have a football
 team in the Olympics, probably the only national side, as far as I know, the only country in
 the world that never enters.
 The last three Olympics of British football team was in '64, '68 and 1972, they didn't
 even qualify, they didn't even get in, the three years before that, they're knocked out
 in the first round.
 So this thing of Britain not being very good at football is actually really old.
 It goes right back to 1920s.
 And in 2012, the host country doesn't have to qualify, so you just have a team by right.
 So initially, the Scots, the Northern Irish and the Welsh all refuse to take part as official
 FAs.
 I don't know if that would change later.
 I think it did change.
 I think we did get a team in the end and fail miserably like we do in every tournament.
 And it was controversial and they're not going to do it again, I think.
 So the UK isn't a part of FIFA?
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 The good thing about not being part of FIFA is that you're not bound by their rules,
 so there's a story.
 You know how Louis Suarez has been banned from all football for biting some guy?
 Well, there's a story that he might be able to go and train in Kosovo because they're
 not members of FIFA, which is a nice little loophole for him.
 Yeah.
 I like as well that there's one of the teams that isn't a part of FIFA is Palau.
 Palau.
 Palau, yeah.
 Whereas most of the other teams have a sort of quite legit reason like the UK for
 not joining.
 It's actually just this like admin era. They've been enacted since 1998 because their membership
 expired, but they've confirmed an intention to apply for membership again, so they are going
 to join eventually.
 Yeah.
 Well, so they just failed to fill in the form.
 Yeah.
 Who was in charge of filling the form?
 It was 28 pages.
 Yeah.
 Come on.
 So the Netherlands are now through to the semi-finals in the World Cup and they...
 Well, they might be through to the finals by the time...
 They might be through to the finals.
 They only booked their hotel in Brazil up to the 7th of July and FIFA have organised for
 all of its sponsors and visiting dignitaries that were going to come just for the semi-finals
 to move in.
 So they've had to kick out the Dutch team.
 So that's today that when we're recording this podcast, they've just been kicked out, so
 I'm not sure where they're going to stay.
 Well, they could probably have the English cup.
 There you go.
 I think that struck me forcibly looking at the Olympic history is that on average today,
 one football match in four anywhere in the world is a draw.
 As you look at the early scores in the 1908 Olympics, which is won by Britain 2-0 against
 Denmark in the final, and the Danish team included pure mathematician Harold Bohr, who's
 brother of the physicist, Niels Bohr, who, as you know, and you probably know, an accomplished
 goalkeeper himself, and Harold Bohr scored twice in Denmark's opening game.
 And in the quarter-finals, Britain beat Sweden 12-1 and Denmark beat France B-Team 9-1 in
 the semis, Denmark beat France 17-1.
 I think in the first World Cup, both semifinals were like 7-1 or 8-1 or something like that.
 But just going back to Niels Bohr, being a goalkeeper, he's once said that he let in an outrageously
 long shot due to being distracted by a mathematical problem.
 There's another nice thing in the 1920 Olympics and twerp in the final between Belgium and
 Czechslovakia. For the only time in football history, the competition couldn't be completed because
 the Czechs walked off the pitch, complaining of bias by the officials who are all English
 for sending one of their players off and intimidation by Belgian soldiers in the crowd, so
 that they just walked off and that was the end of it.
 You mentioned the FA. They were responsible for banning women's football for 50 years,
 which isn't unusual, and was banned in a lot of countries. But the women's football
 around, just post the First World War, and up until 1921 when it was banned, was more popular
 than men's football. And women's matches were bigger crowds. The biggest ladies team was
 a ladies team from Preston called Dick Curs. But their match was played in 1920, a good
 as in Park in Liverpool, and it drew a crowd of 53,000 people with another 10-15,000 reportedly
 turned away. And the justification for the FA banning women from playing on any FA-approved
 grounds, which was effectively the same, was that women were too frail to play football and
 they'd be too easily injured. And it was basically seem to be that it was drawing attention
 and crowds away from men's football.
 What was always the most popular in America for the last 20 years? Women's football has
 been much more popular than men's football, especially in schools.
 I have a ladies match from May 1881, and it was an England vs Scotland match, played in
 Scotland. And this is the review of it from Bell's Life newspaper. So it is come at last,
 what next? The event that has had the paper so agitated was a woman's football match.
 Several years ago there was a rage for silly displays of certain kinds of athletics by women,
 but we thought the time had passed. To give the arrangement and any semblance of an international
 event, the girls had the cheek to designate the farce England vs Scotland. So not a good
 review for the opening, international match. Not great analysis of the football played.
 Oscar Wilde said football is all very well as a game for rough girls, but is hardly suitable
 for delicate boys. I read about the North Korean female football team, which has a fantastic
 history. And it's another thing, I love that North Korea is a part of FIFA, where it has
 been. Yeah, they're in the last World Cup. I think it is in that way a force for good is that
 for a moment, as it were, violent nationalities forgotten in favour of friendly competition.
 Exactly. I mean, there was conditions apparently in North Korea whereby you could only watch
 a match if they'd already watched it and saw that North Korea had won, which meant they
 didn't watch any matches. I don't know if I've said this before. I might have done in
 the last World Cup. They'd played, I think, Brazil in the first game, and they'd lost like
 3-2 or 4-2, but it'd been a really good game. And everyone thought, wow, this North Korean team
 is actually quite good. They've got a good chance. And so they didn't show the first game in
 North Korea, but they showed the highlights afterwards. And they thought, well, actually,
 we're doing pretty well. So we will show the next game live. And they played Portugal and
 they lost 7-1 or 7-0 or something like that. They got absolutely battered.
 They also, in 2011, in the World Cup in Germany, North Korea lost 2-0 to America. And their
 coach said that the team played such a bad way on that match because a few days ago, five
 of their players were struck by lightning. I was unfortunate for them. And also, the coach
 claimed that he was being coached by Kim Jong-il via an invisible mobile phone that the
 dear leader had invented himself. So he was getting coaching tips from that. The team then
 eventually got busted for having steroids, for using steroids. The reason they were
 using the steroids supposedly was to help them recover from the lightning strike. But
 they also, this is really nice. In 1999, at the Women's World Cup, which was held in America,
 the North Korean players arrived. But FIFA got really concerned about one of the players'
 dental care because they hadn't had proper dental care. Their teeth were looking really bad.
 So they gave her free treatment. It was paid by FIFA, free treatment. And then all the
 other players on the team faked sort of phantom teethyl, this is. So they could all get their
 teeth done as well. So they didn't win any matches, but they all went back to North Korea with
 fantastic teeth. They were like, why are they smiling so much? They've lost all the games.
 Does anyone have anything to throw in before we go to Andy? I do. I want to tell you this
 fantastic story about the island of Grenada against Barbados and the shell Caribbean Cup
 of 1994. Do you know this story? No, no. It sounds great. It was one of the weirdest
 football matches you ever heard of. So it was the last of the group stage. Okay. So Barbados
 had to beat Grenada by two goals to go through to the next round, on goal difference. And
 if they failed, then Grenada would go through. So at that time, the organisers had introduced
 a new rule for golden goals. Okay. And they said, a golden goal, if it's scored, will count
 for two goals because a golden goal by definition ends the match. It's not fair on people who win
 matches by golden goals. Yeah. So a golden goal counted for two. Okay. So Barbados took an
 early 2-0 lead and they were doing really well. They held that all the way through the first
 half. They were playing great in the second half. It looked like they were going to coast
 through that 2-0 lead into the knockout stages when Grenada suddenly scored and made it
 2-1. And it was seven minutes from the end of the match. So the Barbados, the agents said,
 right, the chance of scoring a third goal in seven minutes are very small. So they turned
 round and shot into their own goal, making it a draw, which meant, as it was a draw, when
 the match was over, they would have to go to extra time. Yeah. And they had a chance
 of a 2-0 lead with a new golden goal. Right. That's brilliant. Yeah. So then they've turned
 round, scoring a goal, so it's two all. And it's three minutes to go. So Grenada now has
 to be really intelligent. And they think, right, it doesn't matter which end we score at,
 as long as it's not a draw, it will be only a one goal difference and we'll go through.
 So they first of all, they rush up to the Barbados and they, no, wait a minute, let's go the
 other way. Going back to their own goal. Meanwhile, the Bayesian team realise, we've got to defend
 the Grenade and goal. So hold to here and go round. And like a penalty wall, block the Grenade
 and goal, which they successfully do. Full time is called at two all and they go to extra
 time and Barbados wins a golden goal in five minutes. Oh, wow. That's brilliant. That sounds
 brilliant. Okay, Andy, any final facts that are in here?
 Well, you got everything just about correct, though, I think I couldn't find any mistakes.
 There's a cup rather nicely called the Elf Cup, which took place in 2006 between Crimea, Greenland,
 Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Tibet, northern Cyprus and Zanzibar. I bet no, the Cyprus one that,
 because they're like a really good team, aren't they? They hosted it and they won it. And one
 of the early women's football teams was called the Honeyballers, which is just rather nice.
 And the team captain was a lady called Mary Hudson, but she played under a pseudonym because
 of the band. And the FA have since apologised for the band.
 I do know that, amusingly in Germany, when they allowed women to play football, then they
 were only allowed to play and warm weather.
 Okay, that's it. That's the end of our podcast. That's all of our facts. Thanks for listening.
 If you want to get in contact with any of us about the stuff that we've said on today's
 show, you can get us all on our Twitter handles. I'm on @Sriberland, James.
 @Xshaped. Andy. @AndrewHunterM. Anna. You can get me on podcast@QI.com email me there.
 And John, John, you don't have a look at Twitter. No, I'm taking over at Quickypedia. Yeah.
 Well, you can reach them on 0779. If you want to find out any more about the things that
 we've been talking about on this week's episode, you can head over to QI.com/podcast where
 we're going to have videos, we're going to have links, and you can also find all of our
 previous episodes for this series, including our International Factball series, which was
 a football podcast, which made no mention of football whatsoever. That's it for us this
 week. We're going to be back again next week and tune in again. Thanks so much. Goodbye.
 [Music]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
