 [Music]
 Hi!
 Hi Andy!
 Hey Andy!
 Hi everybody, welcome to Drop As A Line.
 You club fishers out there.
 Hope you're all having a lovely time.
 Welcome to this bit of club fish, which is our...
 It's our correspondence section.
 It's the Traveling Post Office, you know?
 It's just the correspondence bit.
 I can't think of a metaphor today.
 I went to the world's smallest, not the world's,
 America's smallest post office when I was in America.
 Oh yeah?
 It was closed.
 Oh.
 How tiny is it?
 It was really small, but it was really next to,
 it was right next to the place where I bought you that yeti mug.
 Oh!
 Yeah, yeah, I love that skunk ape.
 That's a skunk ape bug.
 And it's the one that we used as a basis for our
 'No Such Things as a Fish' mugs, which are very different
 and certainly not a rip-off of whatever they were.
 I mean, so different they are.
 It's a different jurisdiction.
 It's a different jurisdiction.
 There's no...
 I don't think we have an extradition treaty with America, do we?
 I don't know.
 Probably not.
 But that's good.
 I genuinely paused on saying that because I was worried about
 the skunk ape's lawyers listening to this.
 I want to see that lawsuit.
 Skunk ape versus No Such Things as a Fish.
 Anyway, are we supposed to be doing the people's emails and stuff?
 I think that's not this week.
 Let's just do...
 Let's drop each other a line, you know?
 Let's just get back in touch with each other.
 All right, let's do some emails.
 Okay.
 Ethan Klopfenstein writes, "Yes, what an opening name."
 Just the best names we get.
 Yeah.
 Thank you, Ethan.
 "Your guest on the last episode, No Such Things as a Short Dalek, made a comment
 about American cheese being different kinds of cheeses."
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 Ethan, Ethan has a point here.
 Ethan says, "American cheese isn't even cheese."
 What?
 "It contains less than 51% cheese curds per slice and does not meet the FDA standards
 for cheese.
 This is obviously an American administration and a classification maybe different in different
 parts of the world."
 I feel like we've done this on Fish.
 I feel like...
 Yeah, I feel like we've said that American cheese is mostly not cheese.
 It doesn't pass the test of cheese.
 Is that right?
 I remember that we said that Pringles aren't potato chips because they don't contain enough
 potato.
 They're starch.
 Starch products.
 Because I remember what this discussion was about, Andy, was that in Japan they have European
 cheese-flavored Kit Kats and you were quite stringent in your opinion that there's no
 such thing as European cheese.
 Yeah.
 I think that is an insane classification.
 You can't even say French cheese and there are many other countries other than France
 in Europe.
 Yeah.
 Oh, my goodness.
 No, it's a crazy thing to say.
 Yeah.
 Here's a thing and I don't know who of us is being picked up on this because I actually
 can't remember who said it, but Hamza Alfarane writes, "Love the podcast, thrilled that you're
 talking about Jordan, Jordan the country.
 Just wanted to bring you to your attention that Mansaf is not actually made from camel's
 milk but goat yoghurt."
 Oh.
 And then he says, "In fact it is made out of something called Jameed, which looks like
 a smooth white rock, but Jameed is dehydrated goat's milk yoghurt."
 How interesting because I think it was Sophie Duker who just been to Jordan and she tried
 it and so she has obviously been miss-sold whatever it was.
 Yeah.
 So, thank you Hamza and we'll never have Sophie on the show again.
 That's a lifetime.
 Oh, no.
 Yeah, sorry.
 There's...
 Wait a minute.
 Wait a minute.
 Wait a minute.
 How come Sophie makes one possible mistake?
 I mean, we're taking Hamza's word for it here and she is immediately black-balled and yet
 some people on this call because we're doing this on Zoom by the way may have made more
 than one mistake and are still in the show.
 Who could he be talking about?
 Yeah.
 Inaccurate Andy.
 That's fair.
 It's Anna who's here but not talking.
 Well, here's something I got an actual lead on from Sarah Sidgwick, not a great name.
 A quick, I'm actually for you, a cockpit normally refers to a hole where the pilot is
 strapped into the aircraft with a full flight like in a small plane or a jet plane.
 A large passenger plane like the ones you were talking about in episode 486 would tend
 to have a flight deck instead where the pilot can get up and walk around.
 Oh my days.
 Sarah is very self-aware because she finishes the email by saying, "Not interesting, but
 true."
 That's so funny.
 That's great.
 Yeah.
 That is, yeah, but I rather think if I am on an easy jet flight and I say, "Where is
 the cockpit?"
 Everyone's going to know what I'm referring to.
 I don't know.
 Where's the nearest cockpit?
 I don't know.
 Probably back at Gatwick.
 It's a brilliant, brilliant piece of pedantry.
 It is.
 It is.
 That feels like a good final question in a quiz that would absolutely, if you had someone
 like her, we would win or lose because the actual person wouldn't know it themselves.
 Yeah.
 Probably.
 Oh, here's a ... What's the bit where we talk about ... It's not get yourself off the
 hook.
 It's just a kind of inside baseball question about the nature of the show.
 Okay.
 So it's from Tyler Younger, gentleman, and Anna, who is sorely missed.
 Thank you, Tyler.
 I'm listening to your back catalog.
 I've resisted asking this question for months, but the June 16th episode finally pushed me
 over the edge.
 Here's the question.
 Do you use different versions of wasps, your theme tune, from week to week?
 I swear, some weeks it's faster, some weeks the drum's more clear, some weeks the pleasant
 Japanese lady speaks a little more sweetly.
 Is this a user error or do you actually make adjustments that mean the opening sounds different
 from week to week?
 Cheers from Wisconsin.
 Tyler.
 Well, Tyler, this is something that no one's actually noticed before.
 We have a full band in the office with us every single week.
 And obviously, if you're a musician, this damn knows because he knows a lot about musicians
 and orchestras and stuff like that.
 It's not always going to be exactly the same every single time.
 And there's been a few episodes where we haven't had the theme tune, and that's because the
 band have left their sheet music at home and have been completely lost as to what to do.
 We don't know what notes could possibly appear in this.
 It's so expensive.
 Yeah.
 It's the reason we're still making this.
 We'd all have retired to the Kamen Islands years ago, but for the expense of having a
 full house.
 And what you don't see is all the non-- because they're unionized, so they won't play without
 a triangle.
 There's no triangle, as you know, in the theme tune.
 But every week, we pay for a-- it's about 300 quid.
 We pay the guy with the triangle to just come and go home.
 Absolute nightmare.
 So what was the name of the guy from Wisconsin who asked this question?
 Tyler.
 Tyler.
 No, Tyler.
 It's exactly the same every week.
 It's the same recording.
 We only have one recording.
 If Tyler's talking about the interstitials, that's a possibility, right?
 No, it's the theme tune.
 Yeah, it's the theme tune.
 It's the speaking voice.
 I mean, the theme tune just always starts where it starts.
 We don't dig in halfway through the song.
 Yeah, you need to start at the beginning.
 So that's your ears, Tyler.
 You're hearing something.
 And you've been living a lie.
 Is he listening to the theme tune as it is moving past him at a large speed?
 And it's the Doppler effect that's causing it.
 Oh, sorry.
 I forgot to read out the PS in Tyler's email.
 He says, "P.S., I only listen to fish when I'm playing it on a flatbed truck moving
 slowly past my home."
 That explains it.
 Yeah.
 So let's have another email.
 This is one.
 I've got a really interesting one for you now.
 Okay.
 So this is Tommy, Tommy Heitkamp.
 Brilliant name.
 Andy.
 Yeah.
 Do you even read the emails?
 I've lost the password to get into the inbox.
 Every week I come up with a few great names and then I come up with some grievances from
 previous episodes against you guys.
 Oh, dear.
 They're such great names.
 It's incredible, isn't it?
 Tommy writes.
 Yeah.
 Now, this is a great one.
 And Tommy, in fact, this is a time travel episode because Tommy wrote this in November
 2021.
 Oh.
 And he never got a reply because whoever was previously in charge of the inbox, I can't
 remember, her name escapes me for the moment, didn't get back to him.
 But maybe she was waiting because it's such a good email and then you'd like, "Okay.
 Hi, Anna."
 It's what Tommy writes two years ago.
 I was doing a deep dive through the inbox and I found this one.
 Congratulations on your 400th episode.
 It has been an absolute pleasure listening and scratching my curiosity itches with you
 all over the years.
 Like James, I love a good spreadsheet.
 I think it's me who loves spreadsheets, isn't it?
 I think you're more of the spreadsheet guy.
 I mean, I don't mind the spreadsheet, but it's not my thing.
 You like big lists of data, though.
 That's to be fair.
 That's for sure.
 Yeah.
 And whereas I don't know how good this one is, I have been tracking each episode to
 figure out which member of fish delivers the title punchline assigned to each episode
 to the best of my interpretation.
 How interesting.
 I know.
 I'm going to try and share screen with you.
 I'm a bit worried about this because I pretty much choose that title every week on my own.
 It's one of the few bits where really no one else has any other input.
 So I hope it's not just my joke every week.
 I'm going to share it so you should be able to see that now.
 It has a column for the episode, the year, the title, the punchline.
 Who's present on the show and who delivers that punchline.
 Okay.
 I love that.
 Okay.
 So I'm scrolling down.
 I'm scrolling down.
 Shall I read?
 Now I've shown you that.
 Shall I read you the rest of his email?
 Yes, please.
 That's really interesting.
 Okay.
 He says, "So I guess my fact is that Andrew Hunter Murray is the funniest member of fish,
 not because I say so, but because statistics say so."
 Right.
 Okay.
 If we scroll to the end of this 400 document here, just the first 400 episodes.
 So it's very close.
 It's interesting because what I always think makes a good title is something that's quite
 mundane, something that's not going to scare people away because it's too funny.
 It has to be just the right level of boringness.
 This is great because I obviously only read this out because the email said I was funny.
 That's good.
 I'm back in my box now.
 So for the 400 episodes, I think 140 is Andy, 104 is James, pretty close, Anna 89, Dan 78,
 and then the rest will be guests or sometimes there's no clear, you know, there's no clear
 person delivering the silly joke.
 I'm actually quite, sorry, Glenda.
 Well, it's just interesting, up until 400, me and Andy are on exactly the same number
 of episodes.
 That's quite cool.
 It's a cool stat.
 Oh, yeah.
 But James has done the most episodes until 400.
 Anyway, so I wrote back to Tommy, and Tommy, by the way, lives in Spearfish, South Dakota.
 Brilliant.
 It's just great.
 He adds a little extra detail to my knowledge.
 No one delivers the punchline about a mean butterfly in episode 204.
 I have listened through it at least five times, so I've left it blank.
 Such a hero.
 I'm quite glad, actually, that within kind of an error bar or two, we're quite even.
 I think that's quite nice.
 It's very even.
 And so I wrote back to Tommy, saying, look, this is great, and apologizing for writing
 back 18 months late in response to this magnificent piece of statistical work.
 And Tommy wrote back, saying, you'll be happy to know I've continued on with the project
 and we'll have an update for you circa episode 500.
 Oh, amazing.
 Great.
 So it might all change.
 That's exciting.
 I know.
 Thank you so much.
 Some of these titles.
 Notice this thing goes, Larry Grayson shut that cock.
 That's right.
 What a name.
 I still remember the moment.
 You know, sometimes you hear the title in the episode, someone says it, and you just
 know that that's going to be it.
 My favorite one was Stephen Fry's.
 If you bring Stevens up here on a search, his was in response to something extremely
 stupid that I asked him.
 That one?
 Yeah.
 I think it's a fishman.
 Yeah.
 We were talking about, I think, the ancient Sumerians, and I said, wasn't Stephen, isn't
 there a myth that a fish man, like half a fish, half a man came out of the ocean and
 delivered them the whole writing system and like new intelligence and stuff, and he just
 said to me, there is no such thing as a fish man.
 That's so funny.
 Anyway.
 Oh, Stephen with a V. That's a nice cool spelling for him.
 Okay.
 Let's not pick up Tommy, the magnificent stats guy on one great point.
 No, it's great.
 I mean, that's super cool.
 It's so cool.
 Tommy, thank you so much.
 That's great.
 Oh, there is one thing which we got, which I got wrong, and which I think at the time
 we sort of worried might be picked up on.
 It has been.
 Are we getting towards the end of the show, Andy, by the way?
 Not even through the opening fifth.
 Okay, good.
 Sorry.
 It's just that you haven't mentioned your books yet, so I was just wondering.
 No, what a good point, James, because actually, Pete, no, I don't know, we should try.
 I didn't think we'd have, I thought we maybe could have a non-plug corner today.
 Non-plug corner.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 So, Peter Munro, who is an unofficial engineering correspondent, you might remember he wrote
 in about putting the sausage in the exhaust pipe.
 He wrote in say, "Dear fishfolk, oh, Andy, oh, Andy, oh, Andy, rivets are not screws."
 You came, and you just cut them.
 He says, "Rivets are not screws."
 Oh, yeah.
 Nice.
 I think when Ella was on, we were talking about specifiers.
 I said rivets are a bit like screws, and so, it's quite a long email.
 But he points out, rivets are a permanent mechanical fastener, a single-body comprising
 a domed head and tail, and there are two types.
 They're a hot-formed and cold-formed ...
 You know what, Andy?
 I know what a rivet is, and I'm sure you do as well.
 Well, no, I've read this whole email, and I don't.
 I still ... I think I get it.
 I think I do get it.
 I just thought that when we were explaining what a rivet is, a screw is a decent analogy.
 You know, they both hold things together.
 Well, as Peter says, a screw is a semi-permanent mechanical fastener that can drill its own
 hole and be removed and reused unless you mess up the head, whereas a rivet is a permanent
 fastener.
 Oh, so it's a bit like a nail.
 Okay, great.
 So, rivets are just nails.
 That's fine.
 That's all we need to know.
 It says, "I didn't actually know this big thing about ... Apparently, with hot-formed
 rivets, you heat it up loads, and then you put the head of the rivet through the hole,
 right?"
 It's because you're joining these two sheets of metal or whatever permanently.
 You put the head in through the hole, or the tail in through the hole, and the head's
 on this side, and then you smash the other side repeatedly with a hammer, so the whole
 thing ends up like a dumbbell, which I didn't know.
 Okay, right.
 Anyway, he ends with the absolutely sick burn.
 You may as well have compared rivets to sewing, which I also think is a good analogy.
 You're joining things.
 I do know that after the episode went out, someone edited Ella's Wikipedia page to add
 that she was a rivet expert or something like that, which she then got pointed out to.
 Brilliant.
 So funny.
 We've had a medical one.
 I've put a bit of personal medical information delivered to the inbox, but I haven't yet
 heard back from the person whether it's okay to say their name, so I'll just say it's
 a correspondent.
 So it's not about one of us?
 No.
 No, no.
 Okay, cool.
 Can't that be terrifying?
 Yeah.
 I'm right somewhere.
 And our next email comes from James's doctor.
 Hi, James.
 We're trying to get through to you for weeks through your email.
 I thought I'd try this avenue.
 And we've never seen anything like it before, so good news, it's going to be named after
 you.
 No, this is from, I'll say someone in mainland Europe, which I think doesn't narrow it down
 enough to be specifically identifiable, right?
 Okay.
 A correspondent says, "In episode 486, you asked the question, is any amount of bleeding
 good?"
 Because we're talking about bleeding, I think it was Keats and Byron and byron with black
 eyes probably died and all this.
 Our correspondent writes, "I suffer from a medical condition called hereditary hemochromatosis,
 the only known treatment is regular bleedings."
 Interesting.
 Oh, is that right?
 You're sincere.
 Okay.
 Blah.
 From Blah.
 Yeah.
 Does Scandinavia count as mainland Europe?
 Yes.
 Does it?
 Okay.
 Doesn't it?
 You can't get there.
 You have to go around a bit, don't you?
 I'm just trying to trick you into giving us some more details about this person.
 That was great.
 Does Gibraltar?
 Oh.
 Yeah.
 I would say so.
 It's joined on, isn't it?
 It's joined.
 Yeah.
 Anyway.
 Join us for next week's What is Mainland Europe exactly?
 That's really interesting.
 I hope it's not too bad a condition, but I'm glad to have heard about it.
 Clearly, it's at least, I suppose, treatable or it can be slightly managed in that sense,
 but I don't know anything more about it.
 Yeah.
 And then there's another medical one, which is from our episode with Leven from someone
 called Heather, Heather Carlin from Melbourne, about when Leven had this magnetic stimulation
 on his brain, which triggered his body to move.
 Oh, yeah.
 It made his fingers move, right?
 Yeah.
 So Heather studied this as an undergraduate because she was doing neuroscientific stuff
 and she writes there's something even cooler, right, which is if you, instead of sending
 that short week signal, which just kind of blasts your arm out or whatever, it just causes
 a neuron to fire in a cosy erection, neuroscientists have tried using a longer and a stronger
 signal, which is more like the type of signal your brain actually sends.
 And when they did this, it triggered an entire pattern of behavior.
 So for example, rather than causing a muscle to twitch, it caused the person to reach out
 their arm, grab imaginary food, bring it to their mouth, then close their mouth.
 What?
 Oh my God.
 Isn't that insane?
 Oh my God.
 That's incredible.
 Yeah.
 That might be really useful one day for lazy days when you're like, can we just use that
 shock to do the movement of getting me out of the house down to the corner store, getting
 some milk and coming back again.
 You're like, oh, I can't be bothered going to.
 Okay.
 Bye.
 I'll see you, I guess.
 Bye.
 Wow.
 That is really quite something.
 So, oh wow.
 And apparently it's changing the whole, she goes on, it's kind of like created a debate
 about how the brain is mapped because previously it was thought that moving the right hand
 caused a particular bit of the motor cortex to activate every time, but actually we have
 mapped patterns of behavior and sensation.
 Can you override it?
 No idea.
 Because I mean, that feels like, you know, there's sinister options there for torture,
 isn't there?
 If you just sort of like feed someone to death and they just literally can't stop doing
 the movement of a.
 Why are you hitting yourself?
 Why are you hitting yourself?
 Yeah.
 Why are you hitting yourself?
 Exactly.
 Yeah.
 James is right.
 That's a weird torture method that you've picked for someone.
 You're picking the only one that you'd mentioned.
 Yeah.
 It's not like I just created a new one and it was that.
 I was just thinking of all the wonderful ways it could be used, you know, like people
 who are unable to move their own arms, maybe we can, you know, stimulate their brain to
 help them to do things that they were unable to do before.
 But Dan, you went straight for torture.
 So sinister.
 So telling.
 It's not.
 I'm looking out.
 I'm looking out for the people of the world who might, you know, be finding themselves
 just punching themselves in the cock for 24 hours because there's a spy outside with
 a brainwave machine.
 Yeah.
 That's a good James Bond plot.
 The Malawian ambassador mysteriously died yesterday after punching himself in the cock
 for a day.
 Bond, we need you on the case.
 Wow.
 Oh my God.
 I know.
 Anyway, Heather, thank you so much.
 What an amazing, amazing bit of bonus info.
 That's incredible.
 Yeah.
 That's the, that's the extra soup song of the week.
 Nice.
 Lovely.
 I've just got one last tiny bit of bonus info.
 There's really a nice email from a guy called Ben Harding because we talked about official
 secrets, didn't we?
 And we talked about, was it all these people working on Spitfires and who kept it secret
 from each other?
 Yeah.
 Like a married couple.
 I think that was the headline fact.
 That's right.
 And Ben writes, "We were visiting Hughenden Manor in Oxford in 2005 and the basement
 we used for photographic reconnaissance interpretation in the war and it's now recreated
 as an exhibit.
 We were being shown round by the guide along with a couple we didn't know.
 There was a photo of a wren, you know, the sort of, what's it called, a stand for, sort
 of women's, yeah, women's military service, I can't remember exactly what it stands for.
 There was a photo of a wren looking up from a stereoscopic viewer and the woman I was on
 the tour with suddenly said, "That's my mum."
 No.
 And the guide asked if she was still alive and asked if she would speak to the museum
 to get her story.
 So they rang this woman's mum and the woman there said, "Mum, there's a photo of you
 here using a wild spectroscope.
 You said you were a typist and the mum said, "I can't talk about that" and put the phone
 down.
 And that was in 2005.
 Wow.
 Oh my goodness.
 Is that great?
 It's incredible.
 It's so cool that she's still keeping the secrets.
 I think that just shows real dedication to the cause, doesn't it?
 It's just brilliant.
 Oh, yeah.
 Anyway, it's a nice little bonus thing.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 I was just thinking, I wonder what secret, you know, how big is her secret as the typist
 that she could, what, is it, would it bring down a government or is it just like, no,
 just out of principle?
 It's not seen that way, does it?
 Yeah.
 I went to KGB Museum a few weeks ago, a month ago, and they still had loads of the stuff
 there.
 And it's a guided tour, so you're only supposed to go in certain parts, but I had my one-year-old
 with me and she was just running around everywhere.
 So I was just going into places that I probably wasn't supposed to go.
 But it still didn't feel like there was going to be anything there that I'd be able to use
 to bring down the Soviet Union.
 No.
 And that's only like 30 years ago or 40 years ago.
 And it just feels like those kind of secrets can't still be useful.
 Where's the KGB Museum?
 The one that I went to was in Tallinn, in Estonia.
 Estonia.
 Nice.
 Yeah, it feels like the Soviet Union has sort of stopped existing, hasn't it?
 Yeah, but also, so has World War II is kind of my point.
 Yeah, absolutely.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Yeah.
 I guess the big question everyone's asking is Estonia, mainland Europe?
 Tune in next time to drop us a line to find out if Estonia is in mainland Europe.
 Despite the fact that it blatantly is, it's just Baltic, it's a slightly further up.
 Is there anywhere that is borderline, whether it's mainland Europe or not?
 The middle of Istanbul, isn't that built on the literally on the divide between Europe
 and Asia?
 So yeah.
 There's a bridge over the Bosphorus maybe.
 So that bridge, mainland Europe, unclear.
 Brilliant.
 Nice.
 Shall I say bye?
 Yeah.
 Bye, everybody.
 Bye.
 I thought I'd just do it like slower.
 That's how we used to wrap up the city show.
 Bye-bye, everybody.
 Bye-bye.
 It was very comforting.
 That's very nice.
 Yeah.
 Well, thank you for listening, everybody.
 If you have any spicy meat to throw into the fish inbox, then please lob it in to podcast@qi.com.
 You wrote to us a year and a half ago, maybe longer ago, and you think we never replied.
 We're getting around to you.
 So keep on sending in the emails we love hearing from you.
 Any interesting experiences or anything that the show has sparked off for you, send it
 over to us.
 Thank you for listening to this.
 We'll see you next time.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
