 (bells ringing)
 (speaking in foreign language)
 (upbeat music)
 - Hello, and welcome to another episode
 of "No Such Thing as a Fish," a weekly podcast.
 This week, coming to you live
 from Perth, Australia.
 (audience cheering)
 My name is Dan Schreiber,
 and I am sitting here with Anna Chazinski,
 Andrew Hunter Murray, James Harkin,
 and once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days,
 and in no particular order,
 here we go, starting with you, Chazinski.
 - Yeah, my fact this week is that in the 1960s,
 Brazil and France almost went to war with each other
 over whether lobster's crawl or swim.
 (audience laughing)
 - What a just war it would have been.
 (audience laughing)
 - Who side are you on?
 - Who side are you on?
 - I think they crawl.
 - I think they swim.
 - Yeah.
 - I will see you on the battlefield.
 (audience laughing)
 - Okay.
 - Are you seeing me do both, right?
 - Yeah.
 - The classic sweatsiland in the corner.
 (audience laughing)
 - No, so it is a problem that they do both,
 'cause this is the fact that in 1961,
 a French fisherman found the water of the coast of Brazil
 was full of lobsters, and they wanted to fish them,
 so they could get money from selling the lobsters,
 and so they side-fishing them,
 but Brazil claimed exclusive rights to sea creatures
 that were walking along the continental shelf
 within a certain, like, diameter radius of Brazil.
 So if creatures were walking in that area,
 then Brazil had a right to them and no one else did,
 but if they were swimming in that area,
 then they did not, and so this huge argument came forward
 about whether they were walking or swimming,
 and the French said that they were swimming,
 so they were open to anyone, 'cause lobsters do sometimes swim,
 and so they said, "We're allowed to fish for these lobsters."
 Brazilians said they crawled.
 There was actually, I think there was a moment
 where the Brazilian admiral of the Brazilian navy
 said that, "If you're saying that lobsters swim,
 "you're also saying that a kangaroo
 "would be considered a bird when it hops."
 (audience laughs)
 That is fighting talk.
 (audience laughs)
 But it really came to blows.
 So there was this huge debate,
 and eventually Brazil said, "France, can you please go away?"
 These things are crawling, and France refused,
 and had a destroyer ship accompany their lobster boats,
 a warship, and in response, Brazil mobilized its warships,
 including an aircraft carrier.
 (audience laughs)
 And then both of these sides are ready for battle,
 and this lasted for two years.
 They were sitting there with the battleships,
 poised, ready to fight each other
 over where the lobsters crawled or swim,
 and then eventually some laws of the sea were put into force,
 saying, "Look, guys, chill the fuck out."
 (audience laughs)
 - It was the official wording on the law.
 - It was, yeah.
 And, yeah, war didn't happen,
 and rights were granted to Brazil,
 'cause of a fishing act, and it was okay,
 but we were pretty close, guys.
 - Wow.
 - Yeah.
 - It seems to me that countries are always going
 to war over fish.
 Other things living in the sea.
 So there's been a turbot war between Canada and Spain,
 a crab war between North and South Korea.
 There was an oyster war between Maryland and the state
 versus pirates.
 - Cool.
 - There was a macro war between UK and Iceland,
 a prom war between India and Sri Lanka,
 a squid war between the UK and Argentina,
 a scallop conflict between the UK and France.
 (audience laughs)
 - A catfish dispute between the US and Vietnam,
 and a sprat spat between Latvia and Russia.
 - Wow.
 - That's amazing.
 - God, fish are real trouble makers, aren't they?
 (audience laughs)
 And so, on lobsters, which I believe this was about,
 so the Caribbean, so the thing that this was originally about,
 it was a Caribbean spiny lobster,
 which was a kind of rock lobster,
 but this is a kind of lobster that cues.
 So a very British brand of lobster,
 but when they migrate, they form orderly single-file cues.
 So they migrate seasonally because they want to get away
 from cold water.
 And these, you know, these are the most precious lobsters
 on that coastline.
 And yeah, they cling to each other and form an orderly cue
 and move single-file, each rest is antennae
 over the sort of arse of the lobster in front.
 - Oh.
 - And they move like a conga.
 - That's so exciting.
 - It's a lobster conga.
 - Yeah, I read that in North America,
 back when the European settlers first went there
 for the first time, there was so much lobster in the water
 that they would wash up onto the shore in piles two feet high.
 - Wow.
 - Like a tiny tsunami of lobster, tiny and delicious.
 I've got a fact about putting lobsters into the sea,
 which is a thing that sometimes people do.
 So this was in Britain in 2017.
 Two Buddhists were fined 15,000 pounds
 for releasing 700 live lobsters and crabs
 into the sea of Brighton.
 And they did it as a life-release ceremony,
 which is the thing you might want to do if you're a Buddhist.
 And unfortunately, they weren't native
 and they had the potential to destroy ecosystems.
 And the government had to try and catch them again.
 Only 323 were recovered.
 There are still about 400 out there.
 Yeah.
 - This is a real problem though.
 This is happening in Australia as well,
 genuinely, and in America.
 So it is the Fangsheng ceremony.
 There's a Buddhist ceremony, which is about returning
 life to where it's meant to be.
 But it's always returning non-native creatures.
 (audience laughing)
 - Oh wow.
 - And they always wipe out local ecosystems.
 And yeah, so it's happens with lobsters
 in Australia and in China, America.
 - Do Buddhists have like the equivalent
 of a confession booth that they go into?
 (audience laughing)
 Forgive me, monk father, I don't know what it would be.
 - Lama.
 - Forgive me, Lama.
 I've seen, I tried to save a life, but I've destroyed
 an entire ecosystem.
 (audience laughing)
 That's 12 reincarnations that you've been deducted.
 (audience laughing)
 - That's how it works.
 - You know, Peter, the people for the ethical
 treatment of animals, we've discussed them a few times.
 And they kind of suggest that people might wanna do
 this thing as well, which they call lobster liberation.
 And they have posters, they put posters up saying,
 "Been boiled hurts, lobster liberation."
 But unfortunately, the lobster in their picture
 is bright red, which means it's already been cooked.
 - Oh no.
 (audience laughing)
 - Lobsters do have a very, very tough time.
 So whenever they malt, they have to,
 obviously they have to get rid of their old shell
 to grow larger.
 But they have to lose half their claw weight,
 'cause otherwise the claw is too big
 to fit out of the old shell.
 And the claw muscles are so massive,
 'cause obviously that's what lobsters are like.
 They have to rip, they've got very slim wrists.
 So they have to rip the claw.
 Basically, when they try to malt,
 they have to rip out the lining of their throat,
 their stomach, and their anus.
 Which is, I think that's the trifexer
 of things you don't wanna rip out.
 - Yes.
 (audience laughing)
 - What is the least classy use of the word trifector?
 (audience laughing)
 - Yeah.
 - But they are, they're weird, aren't they?
 I was reading on national geographic.
 So, okay, their brain is located in their throat,
 their nervous system, in their abdomen,
 their teeth, in their stomach,
 their kidneys, in their head.
 They hear through their legs,
 and they taste with their feet.
 They're all over the shop.
 (audience laughing)
 - So the bladder being very much in the head
 means that they urinate out of their faces.
 And urinating is very important to lobsters,
 and especially female lobsters, 'cause it's quite sexy.
 So, the way that female lobsters
 seduce male lobsters is that they urinate out of their face
 into the male lobsters den.
 - That is sexy.
 (audience laughing)
 - Oh, you wouldn't want, imagine your letterbox
 in the morning.
 (audience laughing)
 Oh, no, it's Valentine's Day.
 (audience laughing)
 - Well, it's very attractive in some circles.
 But yeah, the females urinate in the male dens
 until the male is attracted enough for the urine.
 All things are really to get rid of this urine somehow.
 So, he invites the female in.
 And then, immediately, she gets naked.
 So, as soon as she's been invited in,
 she sheds all of her shell.
 And also, I think this is really insulting.
 The other thing that the female sheds
 once she gets into a lobsters den
 is the pouch where she had banked the sperm
 from the prior mate.
 (audience laughing)
 - I'll just leave this by the door.
 (audience laughing)
 - Can she put back her shell on?
 - If he's not interested?
 - No. - No.
 (audience laughing)
 - Well, you can't rip out the lining
 of your throat, stomach and anus.
 And then say, I miss those.
 (audience laughing)
 I've misread those sides.
 I'll just get my pouches for them, maybe on my way.
 - Hey, we need to move on to our next fact, surely.
 - Oh, I think we should honestly give a shout out
 to the amazing lobsters, which are
 the largest freshwater invertebrates on earth,
 which is the Tasmanian lobster.
 And yeah, they're incredible.
 So, they're the size of kind of a normal sized dog.
 And they're extremely strong.
 - And a dog's coming lots of different sizes.
 (audience laughing)
 - That's one of the main things about dogs.
 - They're like a coca-spaniel.
 - Wow. - Wow.
 - They are extremely big.
 They live to be 60 years old, at least.
 And they can break human bones, so with their claws,
 or they can crush beer bottles.
 And they're just incredible.
 And they can't breed until they're 14 years old.
 - Come on. - What?
 - Which we laugh at, but we're humans.
 That's literally the same as humans.
 But.
 (audience laughing)
 - Breed.
 - Yeah. - I had breathed.
 (audience laughing)
 - I thought that when the lobster gets to 14,
 it goes, "Goo."
 - Oh.
 (audience laughing)
 - That's better.
 - Fitting me, it does make that noise,
 but it's a complete of a reason.
 (audience laughing)
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, it is time for fact number two.
 And that is James.
 - Okay, my fact this week is that in 1350,
 there was a man called Williams Stand Up Right.
 (audience laughing)
 And he annoyed everyone else in his village
 so much that every single one of them moved away.
 - Wow.
 (audience laughing)
 - It really sounds awesome.
 - Do we know anything about what he did?
 - Well, so the thing is, this comes from the parish rolls
 in England, so it's where, if you're a historian,
 it's a really good place to get all the really small things
 that happen in the villages.
 And in this one, in particular, it says,
 "The coroner testifies that Williams Stand Up Right
 "is so quarrelsome and rancorous
 "that none of the Lord's tenants
 "can bear to live in the village because of him,
 "and he has caused the village to be deserted."
 (audience laughing)
 And then by 1356, so that's six years later,
 he had also left the village.
 (audience laughing)
 Presumably because he had no one left to argue with.
 (audience laughing)
 - That's amazing.
 And that's all we know about him.
 Like, a lot of these things, these kind of parish things,
 all you see is a very, very tiny snapshot of people's lives.
 It's amazing. - Right.
 - So, for instance, in 1328,
 John Francy claimed two shillings in damages
 because Alice Devaney's had accused his wife
 of wearing her short jacket before Easter.
 (audience laughing)
 - Whoa.
 - Shot to my mouth.
 (audience laughing)
 In 1347, a man called Roger Sweatin' Bed
 (audience laughing)
 was accused of fornication with Latisha Bat.
 (audience laughing)
 - Wow.
 - Roger Sweatin' Bed.
 - Sweatin' Bed, stand at right and shot in mouth.
 Was that the third one?
 - No.
 - This is no, it's so fun reading through these old records.
 So there's actually a document called
 the Assize of Nucenses.
 And I really recommend it.
 It's what I wasted all of my research time doing
 for this show, but it's from 700 years ago.
 And it's literally a list by,
 from the whole of the UK of all the nuciances
 that are reported by neighbors.
 And so I read through it.
 And most of them, to be fair,
 are about sewage leaking into other people's gardens.
 So there were a lot of people.
 - Maybe they were just flirting
 with the next old neighbor in a kind of lobster way.
 (audience laughing)
 - It didn't sound super sexy in the right up.
 So there was a woman who built her own personal toilet
 'cause she didn't like throwing her sewage out of the window,
 which a lot of people did.
 But the solids blocked her gutter
 and the neighbors that they were greatly inconvenienced
 by the stench.
 So that was then, and there was one more, just in 1377.
 Thomas and Alice Young complained,
 the neighbor built a forge and they were making armor,
 but the sledgehammer crashing
 of them making the armor disturbed them.
 But worse than that,
 the smoke penetrated their house, so it smelled really bad.
 And also they said,
 "The blows of the hammer shake the walls of our house
 "so much that it spoils our wine."
 - Wow.
 (audience laughing)
 - That is unpleasant, actually,
 tough to live with that.
 (audience laughing)
 - I've got a fact about kind of celebrity neighbor disputes
 'cause this does happen.
 So for example, in Manhattan in the early 1970s,
 John Cage, famous composer,
 he lived next door to John Lennon
 and he had to go round to complain about the noise.
 - Well, can I just say,
 John Cage is most famous for writing that song
 which is complete silence.
 - Exactly.
 - All right.
 - It's like the idea of John Lennon
 going background and complaining anytime he likes.
 - Can you please stop playing four minutes
 and 33 seconds?
 (audience laughing)
 - I saw another, this is just very, to me,
 this is very British about noisy neighbors
 in Crystal Palace in London,
 which is where I live.
 This family discovered in their basement
 an unexploded World War II bomb
 and they found it in the evening,
 but they didn't call the police
 because they didn't wanna wake the neighbors overnight.
 (audience laughing)
 And so patiently guarded the bomb.
 - How loudly do they talk on the phone?
 - They just didn't want everyone to be evacuated
 because they might be blown up by a World War II bomb.
 - To be honest, if the World War II bomb has lasted 60 full years,
 it's probably gonna be okay for an extra 12 hours.
 - That was their logic.
 - It's so...
 - If it had one of those timers counting down
 from 60 years ago.
 (audience laughing)
 - We've overset this one, but one day.
 (audience laughing)
 - But there is, there are often sort of surveys done
 about the items that people find most annoying in neighbors
 and they include hot tubs annoying
 'cause they, people are making a lot of noise
 and hot tubs when they're in them.
 Barbecues, automatic soda lights, trampolines
 are a very common cause of complaint.
 And I like this in the Guardian newspaper
 who commented that trampolines are complained about
 because they allow the neighbor's children
 to spy on you on an intermittent basis.
 (audience laughing)
 Very annoying.
 - I was just looking at some stupid names
 because of this guy called William Standup, right.
 I found a website which had every single name
 that's mentioned in the Doomsday book.
 And I spent most of my time reading that, to be honest.
 In the Doomsday book, there are four people called Abba,
 12 people called Alfred the Butler.
 - Wow.
 - Two called ape, one called Bono,
 one fish, two gods and a snot.
 (audience laughing)
 And there is one person called Anna,
 who was a man living in Puckle Church in Gloucestershire.
 - No relation.
 (audience laughing)
 - My past is not supposed to be delved into it.
 That was in my contract.
 - There were no dans, no andes.
 And there was one James who lived in Cockfield in Suffolk.
 - Really? - Wow.
 - He actually is a relation.
 (audience laughing)
 - I looked up a few names too.
 So I found that in the last decade,
 several dozen people have named their daughters unique.
 (audience laughing)
 And I also looked up some medieval ones as well.
 And just on the origins of root words,
 there's in the middle ages,
 the early uses of the F word, the word fuck,
 meant to hit something.
 So there is a man in 1290 whose name was Simon Fuckbutter.
 (audience laughing)
 He probably worked in Terry.
 (audience laughing)
 There's actually, there's a really cool Twitter account,
 which is called Name Curator, at Name Curator.
 And it's an account run by an Australian called Ben Osborne.
 And Ben Osborne just puts just his favorite names that he's found.
 So a couple that have gone up on the site,
 these are all real people.
 Dick Passwater is one guy who was a NASCAR driver in the '50s.
 So Dick Passwater and my favorite, a guy called Hans.
 Hans Off.
 (audience laughing)
 And he's a former submarine official.
 - What was he called, Dick Passwater?
 - Yeah, Dick. - And he was a NASCAR driver
 because he was also another NASCAR driver at the same time,
 or maybe the following decade called Dick Trickle.
 - Oh yeah. - Oh yeah.
 - And he's one of my favorite people because Dick Trickle,
 he was an amazing motor racing driver,
 but he liked to smoke.
 And they changed the rules and said,
 "You weren't allowed to smoke anymore
 "because you had to wear helmets
 "and you couldn't smoke while you were wearing your helmet."
 And so what he did was he drilled a hole in his helmet.
 - Yeah.
 - And he smoked with putting the cigarette in there.
 - Wow. - And so for QI,
 I always wanted to ask the question,
 why did Dick Trickle have a hole in his helmet?
 (audience laughing)
 - Beautiful.
 (audience applauding)
 - Didn't make it pass the sensors, didn't it?
 - No, I never made it pass the producer.
 - Do you know what Shakespeare means?
 - Just is it like literally shaking the spear?
 - Well, according to the came out in 2014,
 which is the dictionary of surnames.
 It's written by a couple of professors.
 And one of them said that the medieval surname Shakespeare
 is probably an obscene name originally for a masturbator.
 - No.
 - Wow. - Really?
 - He's a masturbator.
 - Hands off.
 (audience laughing)
 - I think it was pretty hands-on.
 (audience laughing)
 - I was on ancestry.com, and ancestry.com
 has been listing surnames that have gone extinct.
 So obviously the ones that like stand upright,
 I believe will have been extinct.
 So ones that have recently gone extinct include ships,
 temples, rummage, Sothec.
 So those they've seen that there are virtually no new members
 who are being born with the surname.
 And on the endangered list,
 and what counts as an endangered surname is so rare
 that less than 50 people in England and Wales have them.
 So this is for England and Wales.
 Included on the list is Marin, as in Helen Marin,
 Nike, as in Bill Nike, and Bonneville,
 as in Hugh Bonneville, all three leading actors.
 - The endangered species basically.
 - Yeah.
 - It's all of our solemn duty tonight,
 if we can, to mate with Helen Marin, Bill Nye,
 or Hugh Bonneville, depending on your preference.
 - Or more than he cares.
 (laughing)
 - Okay, it is time for fact number three,
 and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that the man who invented
 the Australian Labradoodle deeply, deeply regrets it.
 (laughing)
 He is so sorry that he did that to all of us.
 This is a guy called Wally Conran.
 Wally Conran, who's now approaching his 90s.
 He was the first person in a mass sense
 and is credited with creating the trend
 which started in the '80s of the cross between
 the Labradoodle and a poodle.
 And what he hates is it kind of took off
 and it became a celebrity dog,
 and Jennifer Aniston has one,
 and crown princes around the world have them,
 and it became such a fashionable dog.
 But to get the specific dog,
 there's a lot of breeding that needs to happen,
 and he thinks he's created the Frankenstein
 that has set off all these people
 experimenting with different breeds and so on
 for design or dog.
 So yeah, he's very sorry, he asked me to say he's very sorry.
 (laughing)
 - I thought the reason that he,
 one of the reasons that he was sorry was because
 the whole reason the Labradoodle came to be
 was because he was asked to create a guy dog
 for a woman whose husband had a dog allergy.
 And so by merging those two, that anti-allergenic,
 so you're not allergic to them.
 I thought one of the reasons that he didn't like
 the Labradoodle is that it's advertised
 as a hyperallergenic dog.
 And yet, a lot of people now breed them
 without actually testing whether or not they are.
 So I think quite a small percentage of them now
 are nonallergenic, but.
 - But he is definitely against all of this
 kind of crossbreeding, I'm pretty sure.
 Yeah, he said, I just heard about someone
 who wants to cross a poodle with a rot wiler,
 but that is a thing.
 - That's correct.
 - Yeah, it's called a rottle.
 Also called a roti poo.
 A roti doodle or a rot wiler poo.
 - Yeah, oh.
 - But a rot wiler poo sounds like,
 that's a, yeah.
 - Yeah.
 - Yeah, you can get a coca poo.
 That's a cross between a coca spaniel and a poodle.
 A she poo, which is a shitsoo and a poodle.
 - Yeah, a beach poo, which is a beach on freeze and a poodle.
 A peek a poo, which is a peeking ease and a poodle.
 - No, stop it.
 - I mean, it does sound like they do it
 just for their names, doesn't it?
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - There's a schnailser scotty cross called a schnotty.
 (audience laughs)
 - Yeah. - It's one of the fun cross,
 which is a crossbreeding a shitsoo and a jack russle,
 which has two names, but one of them is the jack shit.
 (audience laughs)
 - Have you guys, there are some other dogs that went extinct
 or dogs we don't have anymore.
 - Yeah.
 - So have you heard of the salish wool dog?
 - No.
 - The wool dog was a dog you could shear
 and then you would wear their coat as your coat.
 It was a dog that was big and fluffy enough
 that you could keep on sharing it.
 - Could you not do that with any dog?
 No.
 - I don't know.
 - You could have a go, couldn't you?
 Might as well try.
 (audience laughs)
 - But you know why poodles have those stupid cuts of hair
 that they have?
 Well, there's a proper reason behind it.
 And that is because they're originally
 to collect stuff from water.
 And if they had this kind of really bushy hair
 and they would just get wet and they'd get heavy.
 - So, but like, is it hunting, use?
 - It was collecting quarry, so you've been hunting
 and then the water says it's a duck, it's in the water.
 And then the poodle would go in and get it.
 And the idea was, so they wanted to have
 as little hair as possible, but it still needed hair
 to keep it in turn Logan's warm.
 So that's why it kept it round there.
 It still needed it to keep the joints warm
 to stop arthritis, so it still needed it round there.
 And the top nut was to keep the long hair out of its eyes
 when it was swimming.
 (audience laughs)
 - And that's it, it's a water dog.
 So the word poodle comes from the old German poodle,
 doesn't it, for puddle?
 Because it was best at going into water
 and getting ducks out of it.
 But do you know the best thing about a poodle these days
 when they're often shown in dog shows
 is the thing that you're striving for
 is for them to be square.
 So I didn't squareness is the thing you strive for most
 above all things.
 So the Westminster Kennel show allows two styles of poodle.
 It's not too many.
 They have continental and English, like breakfasts.
 And...
 - And the English one is a much grezier dog.
 (audience laughs)
 - Yeah, but who's going to pay that much for a continental?
 - Yeah, true.
 The continental is a journey over.
 - It's so overpriced.
 (audience laughs)
 - But the other, there are two styles of poodles
 that are allowed at these dog competitions
 and they're judged on squareness.
 And they're properly square.
 The area from their breast to their bottom
 has to be the same as the area from their shoulder
 to the ground.
 And it's very precise.
 So in shows where poodles are being shown,
 they have to be really groomed very well.
 And groomers work with only the finest scissors, apparently.
 And the best poodle scissors are made in Japan.
 And they cost more than $600.
 - Done.
 - It sounds like you're sellerized scissors.
 - Yeah.
 - My dad has, he's a hairdresser and so is my mom.
 And he bought when he was young, a pair of scissors,
 scissors that were forged in the fires of a seller.
 (audience laughs)
 - They are samurai scissors.
 They were made by samurai.
 - And you set that on the show,
 and we really did not believe you.
 - Yeah.
 - And then I showed you the article
 where he was in the newspaper.
 It's true.
 I mean, it's still him going samurai scissors,
 but they're so sharp because they're made by the samurai.
 That when you're a hairdresser and you have your scissors,
 you need to get them sharpened every two or three years.
 You go and do it.
 My dad takes them every two or three years
 and they say to him,
 "There is nothing we can do for you."
 They are as sharp as the day you bought them.
 Samarized.
 (audience laughs)
 - Wow.
 - I've got a fact about dog mentality assessments.
 If anyone's up for that.
 - Yes, please.
 - It's, sorry, dog mentality assessments in Sweden.
 - Oh, no, no.
 (audience laughs)
 - So there's a Swedish association which has to assess
 how relaxed and calm a dog is.
 And it uses this thing called the dog mentality assessment.
 And what it is, it's basically a haunted house for dogs.
 So they make a dog walk along a long path in some woods.
 And then as it walks along,
 they suddenly, they play a gunshot sound.
 They play the sound of a metal chain
 being creepily dragged along.
 And then suddenly a ghost appears.
 - What?
 - Is it a dog ghost?
 - It's a human ghost.
 It's a person coming in a sheet with a plastic bucket on there.
 (audience laughs)
 And they test how calm or aggressive the dog is.
 - Right, so are they doing this
 because it's like a seeing dog like a...
 - I think they're doing this
 'cause they have time on their hands.
 - Like if it was like a blind person.
 - I think it might be to assess it in that kind of
 in working dogs, the aggressiveness, yeah.
 - Right.
 - Wow, that's exciting.
 - I have a couple of things on,
 so the main headline fact is the inventor regretting
 his invention.
 I found a few other people who've regretted their inventions.
 So Tim Berners-Lee, inventor of the World Wide Web,
 he really regrets, you know, originally,
 when we all had to put in a web address, HTTP and so on,
 he regrets the two forward slashes that you do.
 - Because...
 - That's the best bit.
 - Well, I agree, James.
 I had great fun.
 I wish there were more.
 But...
 (audience laughs)
 - I sense those put an extra one in, just for fun.
 - Exactly.
 - Hour's a fun.
 And so the two forward slashes on it,
 which is completely useless, didn't need to be there.
 He just put them in because like James and I,
 he loves a good forward slash.
 And...
 (audience laughs)
 And they had no purpose at all, and he regrets that.
 He's publicly spoken and said,
 "I'm very sorry, I didn't mean to do that."
 - Okay.
 - Yeah, I think people thought they did code at the time.
 I mean, they did serve purpose in certain code, didn't they?
 And so he assumed they were useful.
 - Yes.
 - But then it turned out later that they weren't,
 and he said the countless hours of human labor
 and time spent typing those two key strokes.
 - Oh, what, what will we have done with the time?
 - I could have watched the wire.
 - Okay, yeah.
 - I'll never watch the wire because it didn't burn as late.
 - Hey, we need to move on to our final fact soon.
 Guys got anything before we do?
 - The queen is very responsible for dog crossbreeds.
 - Is she?
 - Our queen and yours guys.
 (audience laughs)
 - Don't forget.
 - Hers was one of the first crossbreeds
 as the BBC put it to infiltrate the Kennel Club
 because she bred daxans with corgis
 and she insisted on her doggy being in the portrait
 that she had done with her in the 1970s in 1975.
 And quite sweetly, the secretary of the Kennel Club
 at the time that judges all of these things said that,
 look, the daxan was evolved to chase badgers down holes
 and corgis were evolved to round up cattle.
 So if anyone loses a herd of cattle down a badger hole,
 these are just the dogs to get them.
 (audience laughs)
 - Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show
 and that is Andy.
 - My fact has a content warning, this bit's rude.
 - Okay cool.
 - Unlike that lobster bit we did earlier.
 - Oh yeah.
 (audience laughs)
 - So my fact is that the word shit faced originally meant
 having a very small face.
 (audience laughs)
 So if you said I was absolutely shit faced last night,
 it just means all your features bunched up
 right in the middle.
 - It's because it comes from the word shit.
 You hear that, it's very old fashioned saying
 you hear it said sometimes a mere shit of a lot.
 - Or like a chitty is a little receipt or something.
 - Exactly, yeah, it just means it's like a small thing.
 So the first usage that I've been able to find
 is 1622 where there's a child described as a peaking
 shit faced page.
 (audience laughs)
 Just means small face.
 (audience laughs)
 - I think we should bring it back, don't you?
 - Yes, I do.
 - There are loads of words for being drunk,
 but there were very few for having a small face.
 (audience laughs)
 - Imagine if the band, the small faces,
 had originally called themselves the shit faces.
 (audience laughs)
 - So this is the weird thing, but last night,
 Andy said to all of us, who do you think
 has the smallest face?
 I've all of us for, and I don't know what we were doing
 this for.
 - Is that what you were doing?
 - It's not what, it's not consciously why I asked.
 - Because you were called pinhead at school, aren't you?
 - Yeah.
 (audience laughs)
 - But as I pointed out, pins famously have very large
 heads relative to their body.
 (audience laughs)
 So let me tell you, the drunk was on those guys.
 (audience laughs)
 Nice one shit face.
 (audience laughs)
 I was looking up other false shit words, basically.
 So there's the word shittle, which means inconstant.
 So like a shuttle, it means back and forward,
 the word shittle.
 So you used to play badminton with a shittle cock.
 - No way.
 - Yeah.
 - No way.
 - Wait, shite poke, shite poke, yes.
 Sorry, I just don't like you.
 - I'm sorry.
 (audience laughs)
 - Now, shite poke was an old word for a heron.
 - Wow.
 - And the reason was because people thought that herons
 defecated when taking flight.
 - We say do sometimes, or not all the time.
 Yeah.
 - There was a guy in the 19th century who wrote,
 the dictionary of West Somerset in 1875,
 and he said that the 29th of May is shit sack day.
 And he writes this, the writer of the dictionary says,
 in the northwest of Somerset and North Devon,
 it is common to hear boys call out on that day,
 shit sack, shit sack, but I have been unable
 to discover the origin.
 (audience laughs)
 It feels to me like he's not heard them saying it
 to him on the other day.
 - Yes.
 (audience laughs)
 - There's a three volume dictionary of slang
 called Jonathan Greene's,
 Jonathan Greene is the guy who wrote it.
 He's a genius.
 But I looked up peculiarly Australian shit slang words.
 So I don't know how familiar these might be,
 everyone knows them.
 So for example, I'm so hungry,
 I could eat a shit sandwich, only I don't like bread.
 (audience laughs)
 There's to take the shit with the sugar,
 which is to accept that one must have
 both bad and good experiences in life.
 And my favorite is you don't know
 whether you want a shit or a haircut.
 (audience laughs)
 Which is, you're stupid, that's what that means.
 (audience laughs)
 - I think it's possible to want both of those things.
 (audience laughs)
 - The word shit though, has a long history,
 doesn't it, in a long etymological history.
 So it comes from "skay" which meant to cut.
 And so it's the same origin as words like science
 and schedule and shield.
 And it was spelled "shite" until the 1700s.
 But they used to kind of broaden their shit base vocabulary.
 So in Old English, "skite" was direer
 and "besketan" was one word that meant to cover with excrement.
 And also in 18th century,
 according to the Partridge Dictionary of Slang,
 to shit through your teeth was to vomit,
 which does make a lot of sense.
 (audience laughs)
 The example that's given in this dictionary
 is "Egy Harky Friend,
 "have you got a padlock on your ass
 "that you shite through your teeth?"
 (audience laughs)
 - Wow, wow.
 I have some swear words which are not a tall rude,
 but they are awesome.
 These are incredibly rude in the languages that they are in.
 Okay, so for example.
 - So we're gonna alienate not just the English-speaking world
 of this podcast.
 - Yeah, the Swedish, the Romanians and the Japanese
 have better buckle up when they're listening to this.
 So in Sweden, you can say,
 go and put an old blanket over yourself,
 which is really rude to them.
 - In Sweden.
 - Yeah, in Sweden.
 - But that's what that guy who is pretending
 to be a ghost was doing.
 (audience laughs)
 - So in Japan, you can say,
 "Tofu no kado ni atama wo butsu kete shine,"
 or hit your head on a corner of tofu and die.
 (audience laughs)
 In Romanian, there's a phrase which means,
 I can't believe this is true.
 It means, "I would dry my dirty pants
 on your mum's crucifix."
 (audience laughs)
 That one's quite rude in English as well.
 (audience laughs)
 - Can I just, in Romanian, I read an article on Vice,
 which had a Romanian person writing in
 about swearing in Romania,
 and they said, "Swearing culture in Romania
 is built on oral sex, mothers, and Christ."
 (audience laughs)
 - That's very much the trifecta of things
 not to say in Romania.
 (audience laughs)
 Okay, that is it, that is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we've said over the course
 of this podcast, we are on our Twitter accounts.
 I am on @Sriberland, Andy.
 - @Andruhontoem.
 - James.
 - @JamesHarkin, Chazinski.
 - You can email pokos@ky.com.
 - Yeah, well, you can go to our group account,
 which is @nosuchthing, our Facebook page.
 No such thing as a fish, no such thing as a fish.com.
 It's so many no such things as fish, things you can go to.
 But the website does have all of our previous episodes.
 It has our tour dates and everything.
 So head there, we will be back again next week
 with another episode.
 Guys, you have been awesome.
 Thank you so much.
 We'll be back again.
 Goodbye!
 (audience cheering)
 (upbeat music)
 (audience cheering)
