 Do you know what that is?
 I don't know what that is...
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming
 to you from the QI offices in Covenant Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber and I am sitting here with James Harkin, Alex Bell and Anichezinski
 and once again we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts from
 the last seven days and in no particular order here we go.
 Starting with my fact this week, my fact is 10% of the UFC is owned by the UAE.
 That is quite surprising.
 So the UFC stands for Ultimate Fighting Champions.
 Yes.
 What did UAE stand for?
 The United Arab Emirates and 10% of the UFC is owned specifically by Abu Dhabi.
 It's a company called Flash Entertainment which is owned by the government and in 2010
 they bought 10% of this company which last year or perhaps even early this year was sold
 again for four billion.
 It's a huge industry now and they've retained their 10%.
 So yeah, a government is part of the Ultimate Hardcore Fighting Machine.
 Alright.
 So let's explain what UFC is for the uninitiated like me.
 Okay.
 Well, if you've been reading the news this week you will see that the biggest boxing match
 for a very long time has happened between a man called Conor McGregor and Floyd Mayweather.
 When you say has happened, it's not happened yet in our universe has it?
 That's true.
 We're recording this on a Monday.
 You're hearing this from a Friday onwards.
 So yeah, it's...
 Let's take a pun.
 I think it's really sad that Conor McGregor died within 10 seconds of adventuring the
 UK.
 Yeah.
 So Conor McGregor is the UFC fighter in this case, Floyd Mayweather is the boxer and UFC is
 a collection of different disciplines of martial arts brought together in a ring known
 as the Octagon and it means that when you're fighting an opponent there are just many different
 ways that you'll be fighting against them at different martial arts styles.
 It's no holds bar, isn't it?
 That was what it was originally always marked.
 Yeah, but it used to say there are no rules, didn't they?
 Yeah.
 It says on the Wikipedia page and it's immediately followed by a list of rules.
 Yeah, there's a lot of rules.
 Yeah, yeah.
 It says there are no rules and then actually even in its first fight it banned biting,
 eye gouging, fishhooking, headbutting, hair pulling and groin strikes.
 What's fishhooking?
 Fishhooking is when you go for an already open cut or it's when you do like a right hook
 but with a fish, I think.
 With a fish.
 Yeah.
 With a modified fish.
 Yeah.
 It was actually the first two of those that aband, right?
 So biting and eye gouging and the other two are all frowned upon and then often I think
 the fighters will agree that when there were two fighters that had ponytails they agreed
 not to pull each other's hair and stuff because it would make a better fight.
 Okay.
 But interestingly, the biting and the eye gouging of the two headline things that aband and
 that's the same two things that were banned in the ancient Greek pancreation wrestling.
 No.
 Which was like 2000 years ago.
 Is that deliberate?
 I wonder if it is.
 I don't know.
 It's a very intellectual sport.
 UFC, yeah.
 Well, you know I mean nothing about it so I'll believe anything you tell me invented by
 Plato, was it?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 It was their first champion.
 Do you know why it's called the Octagon?
 It's got eight sides.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I frame both quite badly.
 The origin of the name of the Octagon is a really, really bad Chuck Norris film from the 80s.
 So the guy who was commissioned to design the pitch, are we calling it?
 The square.
 The ring.
 The ring.
 Thank you.
 The pitch.
 The ring in which they fight.
 We'll be fighting in the pitch.
 We're joking.
 The guy was commissioned to design the ring.
 He was called Jason Cousin and he didn't really know anything about fighting or what he was
 supposed to do.
 And he just heard of this Chuck Norris film that was about no-holds-bad fighting and it
 was called the Octagon.
 So he said, "So did it.
 Let's make it an Octagon."
 Yeah.
 So cool.
 It's quite, I mean it's as good a shape as any, right?
 In fact, you could say, well you could say it's better than a square because it's closer
 to a ring.
 Yeah.
 Like a ring is something with infinite sides and an Octagon's got more sides than a square.
 Right.
 Compared to infinity though.
 Hardly more on the way to that many sides.
 They should have a dodecahedron.
 They should.
 Yeah.
 That'd be good.
 Just for the visual, if you're listening to this right now and you're thinking, well, what's
 this Octagon look like?
 It's steel mesh all around it.
 And the ring wall, as it were, the steel mesh wall, goes up taller than the, let's say,
 the Empire Stable.
 Yeah.
 So they have to be lowered in by crane into the ring.
 Yeah.
 We were saying that it's quite no-holds-bad.
 It gets quite violent.
 And people were kind of outraged in the '90s when ultimate fighting and mixed martial arts
 was invented.
 And the thing that I think outraged people the most, or the thing that became the epitome
 of it, was the fact that it was done with bare knuckles.
 So it was bare knuckle fighting.
 So people were saying, this is so dangerous, look how barbaric it is.
 And with bare knuckles, you know, that just goes to show how barbaric it is.
 And so they banned the bare knuckle element of it after a few years and added gloves to make
 it safer.
 And in fact, that made it much more dangerous.
 Because the reason that bare knuckle is better than wearing gloves is that if you punch
 someone super hard with your bare knuckle, then you basically break your fist.
 And so most people don't want to punch people too hard.
 Whereas as soon as you've got boxing gloves on, then you can punch someone much, much harder
 without damaging yourself.
 So by adding gloves, you kind of save the hands, but instead you give people much more severe
 brain damage.
 That was quite aggressive the way that you said that fact, because you had a fist the
 whole time.
 And you were kind of jabbing the air.
 Yeah, it felt good.
 I could see the attraction actually.
 There was a study on a few years ago where researchers worked out a code for how intense somebody
 smiles.
 And then on the day prior to fight, when the fighters have that traditional face-off, like
 press conferencing, these researchers watched 152 different UFC fighters and worked out how
 much they were smiling.
 And then they found that the more a fighter smiles, the more likely they are to lose the fight.
 And they think it's due to the link of like, if you smile or you have lower testosterone
 and you're less aggressive in nature, and they worked out that whilst in the short term,
 it means they're more likely to lose that fight the next day.
 They're not more likely to lose all the fights coming up.
 So it's literally how much you are smiling the day before your fight.
 Why?
 The day before your fight.
 Well, this is interesting, because Conor McGregor has been sparring against these pro-boxers
 to sort of get him into shape.
 So one of them has come out because he-
 That's great, he's really good with it, and I just want to say congratulations, mate.
 Wish you're the luck in your love life.
 No, he sort of was kicked out of the Conor McGregor camp, and then he revealed a lot of the
 process of how he's training.
 And one of the things he's doing is he is doing long stair-offs with these boxers.
 So he's practicing the stair.
 I just would say at his stage, I would not be focusing on that element of the game.
 I don't care how important the stair is.
 But isn't it true that we did say a few podcasts ago that Divers, professional Divers, half
 of their job is climbing up to the top of the set.
 Exactly, yes, thank you, James.
 Really half of his job is walking to the rig.
 This is hype, if you were diving from a high board, half your job is climbing ladders.
 I remember it vividly, it's ingrained in my brain.
 And we use the word fact very loosely.
 Yeah.
 So using half of a fighter's job is staring contest.
 Yeah, if you're really good at not blinking there, you could probably win the blinking
 competition, dry out your opponent's eyes, and then they'd be blinded.
 It's not a blinking competition, so it's not like chess boxing, where you play a bit
 of chess, then you play a bit of boxing.
 It's like you fight for three minutes, and then you just sit there and stare at someone.
 I mean, that would, I would watch that.
 That would be amazing.
 If he had just like a smaller belt for a blinking champion for the contest.
 But it could be that you have three minutes of fighting, then you have a staring competition,
 and whoever wins a staring competition gets one free punch at the start of the next round.
 Oh, yeah.
 Nice.
 You should invent that as a sport, and put it in a non-agun or something, and play more
 creative, something amazing.
 And the kicking can be really damaging, can't it?
 So I think if we talked about the fight between Mahamadali and Antonio and Noke before.
 So this is a fight that's seen as basically the precursor to MMA to mixed martial arts.
 And this was when Mahamadali took on a Japanese wrestler called Antonio and Noke, and
 the 70s in the 1970s.
 Can you say MMA?
 Yeah, MMA.
 Not MMA.
 Oh, sorry.
 Yeah.
 This is the precursor to MMA mixed martial.
 MMA.
 Wow.
 This is the precursor to mixed martial arts.
 And this was when Mahamadali took on this Japanese wrestler called Antonio.
 Mahamad Ali.
 Anyway, the point was Mahamadali and Antonio and Noke had this
 fight to see which of the disciplines was going to win.
 And Noke caused massive damage to Ali.
 So basically he spent the whole time lying on the floor, I think.
 Yeah.
 Almost the entirety of the time.
 He lay on the floor and just kicked Mahamadali in the shins really hard.
 And Ali got blood clots after that.
 And I think his legs were permanently damaged from then on to have surgery and stuff because
 of it.
 But it was called a draw, I think, which was good because it meant that neither of them
 had disgraced themselves in front of their fans.
 Yeah.
 And he said afterwards that the reason he just kicked Mahamad Ali is because Ali had such
 devoted fans that he'd been warned if he laid a hand on him, then his fans would kill him.
 So he decided to go at him with the feet instead.
 Oh.
 Yeah.
 Do you think when Mahamad Ali's supporters came up to him later and tried to attack him,
 he's like, no, no, I didn't lay my hands on him.
 I think that's what he said.
 I think that's what he said.
 I think that's what he said.
 You've got to start.
 You've got to get back and read a small print of off-threat.
 He did.
 I love how that like as fans would be going up, going, hey, man, we're going to kick your ass.
 Like, no, this guy just kicked Mahamad Ali's ass.
 Like, yeah, you stand no chance to get it.
 Yeah.
 Exactly.
 And when the angry mob comes down, he can just lie on his back and kick the police.
 Abidab is not the only investor in the UFC.
 There are many other people who...
 Well, he said they only have 10% so I'm not surprised.
 Other people who have a stake in the UFC are LL Cool J.
 Who's named?
 Who's named?
 You know where LL Cool J comes from?
 No.
 It's short for Ladies Love Cool James.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 Oh, that's very cool.
 Does anyone ever cool to you that James?
 No.
 Yeah, you sound like you tried to make that take off first and no one would have it.
 And then you could do your work.
 You just got there just too quickly otherwise that's all they've become.
 So Calvin Harris, Flea from the Red Hot Chili Peppers, Trey Parker of South Park.
 Really?
 Maria Sharapova, the tennis star, and Sylvester Stallone and Conan O'Brien, who is the late-night
 talk show host in America, who's been having Conor Gregoron a lot recently.
 And I was like, "I hadn't didn't know he had an interest.
 He's got a business interest."
 Yeah.
 That's quite a who's who of spot stars and...
 Yeah.
 The buy-in was $250,000.
 So I think they all bought the sort of the minimum of it.
 But again, this is back in 2010 and the sport exploded, so those guys are probably making
 some money.
 I can't believe all those people are making some money, finally.
 Finally.
 I mean, after years of poverty, L.Courchain.
 Well, I mean, you picked the one name that probably doesn't need some money.
 I don't know.
 The only one I could remember.
 That was the fact that Conor suddenly was doing the round and read it this week about
 UFC, which is that there's a fighter called Rory and McDonald's and so at the end of
 all the fights, they have walk, no, the beginning of all the fights, they have walkout music,
 so an introduced each fighter.
 And he was quite unhappy about a lot of the music he was getting and the guy that was organising
 it.
 But he didn't really say anything because he thought that he'd manage everything, we're
 just organising it themselves.
 And eventually he mentioned something and the guy who was organising music was like,
 "No, I thought you were requesting all of these."
 And it turned out that he'd had his phone number changed a couple of years ago and a fan
 got a hold of his phone number and was requesting stupid music, like Rihanna's We Found Love and
 MC Hammer's You Can't Touch This, so all these songs were kind of dissing him and making
 fun of him a bit.
 It was just somebody taking the piss like three years.
 I could think of worse songs, I could have put it, but I'd have sent the Tehli Tubby's
 theme up.
 Yeah, exactly.
 I think whoever the fan was did a good job to just about find that level where they didn't
 get found out for like years.
 Column MacGregor got in trouble quite recently for saying that he could beat Jesus in a fight.
 Yeah, this was last year, he said, "There's not a man alive that could beat me, but Jesus
 isn't alive, so maybe he could and come back from the dead, but I don't know, I'd still
 whoop his ass."
 But that's true, because you only have to lie down for like ten seconds for your hour as
 Jesus would take three days to get up again.
 Nice.
 Yeah.
 So he'd get back up, but they'd actually converted the arena into a Little Mix concert
 at that point.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two, and that is LL Cool, Jake.
 Okay, my fact this week is that Palau is about to pass a law, meaning that every hotel
 in the country has to be five star.
 I will admit that I spent a good two minutes when you sent this by email looking for the
 footnote, because I thought the star was an asterisk and I was like, "Five watts."
 I was like scrolling through all the replies.
 So what this is is a new law to try and make just high-end tourism in this country,
 allow which is in the Pacific, and they're suffering from climate change more than everyone
 else really, like all these Pacific countries are, and they have problems with infrastructure
 when they're getting the loads of tourists in, and so they think, "Well, if we only have
 high-end tourists, that means fewer tourists, but still the same amount of money."
 They want new hotels to come in with their own walled treatment system, with their own
 power, and stuff like that.
 And so Palau is a collection of islands, right?
 So is this every single one of their 280-ish islands having five star hotels, or is there
 a central spot to it?
 Well, it will be, if you want to put a hotel in any of those places, it'll have to be five
 star.
 Yeah, and I've been to Palau.
 Happy occasion.
 Yeah, I did.
 We went when I was a kid, because I lived in Hong Kong, and that's not too far away.
 It's quite far.
 I mean, you didn't row there, did you?
 No, we got the holidays.
 The jet ski.
 No, yeah, we, we, uh, holidayed there, and it was in, I mean, this is, we're talking 15,
 20 years ago, so it was in huts by the beach, so, um, but those can be five star, obviously.
 Yeah.
 I just know already that you're exactly the kind of person that are now working to keep
 out on it.
 Yeah.
 You're the person this policy is aimed at.
 It took us 15 years to get the law through, but it's definitely not coming back now.
 So I've got some stuff on hotels, okay, um, there was, there's a really good article on the
 economist about the various standards that hotels have to stick to.
 Um, and so for instance, the Hilton chain of hotels, there's a manual that stipulates
 that staff have to answer the phones after three rings exactly.
 For instance, um, whereas intercontinental, you have to wait four rings.
 Is that right?
 Well, you used to work for intercontinental hotels.
 Did you ever answer the phone before or after four rings?
 I think I might have done.
 Well, that is that why you're working here.
 I quite appreciate that rule, actually, because it is quite startling when you ring someone
 they pick up really fast.
 Yeah, totally.
 Um, they have, there's one chain which wasn't allowing itself to be named, which all of
 its hotels, all omelettes have to match a laminated model omelette that they have there,
 which is cigar shaped and they have to model it on that.
 Right.
 Um, yeah, intercontinental also, you might remember this rule, James, specifies that the
 rooms have to offer at least four pornographic films. At least four. At least four, yeah. You
 can't go up.
 You don't want to turn up for the Zolli three polygraphs, do you?
 Can you imagine calling up reception and be like, hi, could do with a couple more?
 I seem to be missing one of my four. Yeah. So this is your first night. I know. It's been
 a long session and I just need one or two more to kick me over to the end.
 Could you change the sheets while you're up there please?
 By the way, you picked up on the fourth ring and I don't know, more a three ring guy.
 We didn't ask about your sexual preference, is it?
 A hotel in Colorado downloads pictures of your family from the internet and frames them
 for when you arrive at the hotel because either brilliant or the most creepy thing I've
 ever heard in my entire life.
 Yeah.
 I think I know which one of those it is. There's also just one more which is a hotel in
 Mexico, a luxury hotel where they do research into you beforehand and the housekeeper matches
 the colour of the thread in the guest sewing kits to the clothes that you're wearing.
 And again, they get that from photos on social media do you think?
 I think actually it must be from when you've arrived so there must be an emergency you arrive
 at the reception desk and they're like, she's got a red dress on, quick, get the red thread
 in the book.
 That's good because most of the pictures of me on social media from fancy dress parties.
 So you just get, I don't know, what kind of stuff do you wear, you get some face paint.
 There were a couple of zero star hotels in Switzerland and the first one was in a Cold War
 bunker so there were no TVs, there were no separate bathrooms, there's no daylight because
 it's in a bunker.
 But it doesn't look too bad, it's basically like a kind of low-end youth hostel.
 The second one is just a bed and a bit of a wall up a mountain in Switzerland and then
 there's a butler who is actually a local farmer who comes and is responsible for giving you
 the weather forecast and telling you jokes and it's all about, it's sort of ties some
 critique on hotel culture and it's good though.
 It does sound good though.
 I reckon I'd pay for that in the hotel to have a farmer come and tell me jokes.
 Yeah me too.
 Especially if they check my social media and saw what kind of jokes I like.
 Good point.
 Yeah.
 He'd be like, this is an easy one, yeah.
 Or labored tons.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three and that is Alex.
 My fact this week is that every Canadian citizen is entitled to a free government issue portrait
 of the Queen.
 Ah, of our Queen.
 Of our Queen.
 And their Queen.
 And their Queen.
 They're actually entitled to five portraits of the royal family in various combinations.
 And they choose whichever members they like as in if you prefer princess Eugenie and
 Prince Andrew you can have those two.
 You know what I don't think they're on offer.
 I think it's mainly like Philip and the Queen and I think Prince William.
 Yeah, it's the big, it's the headline, it's the main characters.
 But there are just five different ones and you can order up to like one of each so you
 can get five in total, right?
 So you'd be like, how come on, you got to unlock Eugenie with your dedication.
 Because even though there's a prince, not original oil paintings every time you
 do.
 It's a huge frame.
 No, these are just paints.
 Oh, you can download them like free.
 So I've downloaded mine even though not.
 You're not Canadian.
 I know.
 But that was big as a lot.
 So this is part of a lot of services that you can get from the government of Canada.
 If you ring 1-800-O Canada, you get, I know, you get onto the helpline that provides
 that information on Canadian governmental programs and services and stuff like that.
 It's really cool.
 But the O is that a zero or is it the O in the keyboard?
 No, the letter O from the numbers.
 Really?
 Because when you give someone's phone number, you often use the word O to mean zero, don't
 you like O-800?
 Sure, yeah.
 It's really convenient.
 A lot of Canadians getting through to them random pizza place on my arrow.
 Demanding pictures of the Queen.
 What's going on?
 Interestingly, when you go to the website, I look to the pictures as well.
 I couldn't see as many as five actually.
 I saw you could have the Queen or Philip or the Queen with Philip.
 So those are your options that I saw.
 And they have lots of rules, though, for if you do download them, for what you're allowed
 and they're allowed to not do with them.
 So for example, you cannot use the images on adhesive seals.
 That's one.
 Lots of adhesive seal.
 I guess.
 Like a sticker on an envelope?
 Yeah, that's what I was thinking like on an envelope.
 I guess a stamp is what they're saying.
 I see.
 Are you sealers in that holds the envelope together?
 Yeah.
 So you're not allowed that.
 You know, all the time, rather than buying a normal envelope, you just buy one and
 then use a sticker.
 I always do that.
 But then I always put a sticker of the Queen on, so now I'm a bit worried.
 Oh, yeah.
 You got to recall all those postcards from over the years, James.
 Can you recall a postcard?
 Yeah.
 The postcard just locks on, you know, sorry, I'm just going to get that.
 She doesn't wish you were here anymore.
 Yeah.
 Also, can I just say postcards, the one thing you don't have to put them in the envelope?
 As the words came out of my mouth, I don't have no one notices that.
 And the one final thing you're not allowed to use it for, there's other things, but another
 thing you're not allowed to use it for is to advertise if the Queen or Philip have visited
 your shop.
 So the example they give is, for example, if the Royal Highness is the Duke and Duchess of
 Cambridge were to visit a cheese shop, that shop could not use a photograph of the occasion
 to advertise its goods.
 Is that like when you go into like a curry house and they've got like a sign verse of
 Gary Linnicka?
 Yeah.
 Or like a Laundra.
 But it's always Gary Linnicka, it's always Gary Linnicka.
 He just visits Laundra and curry houses all the time.
 It must be that Gary Linnicka's going to a lot of curry houses with signed photos, right?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Or are they, I mean, have you ever seen him on any linen?
 I haven't.
 So that means it's the same photo of Gary Linnicka.
 Right.
 It's the same.
 Yeah.
 I think that he just doesn't have an oven or a washing machine.
 So he always constantly has to use the Laundra and eat out or something like that.
 We go to the curry house, it spills curry alone for himself, so he has to get everything
 to like these.
 An adorable, messy eater.
 Something else that you can get free in Canada, that's quite cool, is the flag that's flown
 at the top of their equivalent of Big Ben, basically, which is the Ottawa Peace Tower, so it's
 a huge clock that's sort of part of the Parliament buildings.
 And you can write off, you can sign a form and write off and request one of those flags
 because every single day, or about 250 days of the year, they'd take the flag down and
 they'd change it and put up a new one.
 And then they wash that one and iron it out and they send it to whoever in Canada has requested
 it.
 Really?
 They must be massive, though, aren't they?
 They are big.
 Yes.
 And so there must be more than one person must request it, so.
 Right.
 So this is what's happened.
 I think you've hit upon a problem.
 They've had at least 20,000 requests at this point, which means that there's now a 73-year
 waiting list to get your flag.
 What?
 So you can have delivered to your grand children.
 You've got to be pretty young to make an application now, don't you?
 You really do to be successful.
 But why do they keep giving away flags?
 Sorry, why do they need a new one every day?
 I don't think they do.
 I think this is just an idea they had.
 Right.
 They had a thing to do to donate a flag each day to some-- or most days of the year to someone
 in the country.
 Good.
 Every day they replace the flag.
 Not every year.
 It's about-- so it's every weekday except bank holidays are apparently when the weather's
 poor.
 They don't bother changing it.
 Every Canadian citizen is entitled to three hours to vote whenever there's an election.
 In the booth?
 No.
 It doesn't.
 So you'll have three hours of work to vote basically.
 Oh, right.
 So what are you doing in there?
 Basically, if your work schedule means that you finish work at, say, four o'clock or something
 and the polls close at seven o'clock, then that's fine.
 But if your work schedule means you don't have three hours spared, they have to give you
 three hours off.
 That's good.
 Yeah, it's good there, isn't it?
 Yeah, it's a lot of time to get to a polling station.
 Yeah.
 Cool.
 Probably have lunch as well.
 Yeah.
 I guess the problem I might not even vote, to be honest.
 I got another Queen Canada fact.
 So the Queen appears on the banknotes of Canada, actually, doesn't Australia and all around
 the Commonwealth.
 But interesting claim that Canada has over it is they were the first country even beating
 the UK to having the Queen on a banknote before anyone else.
 Was it like as soon as she became Queen, they rushed it out?
 No, it was pretty.
 It was, this was in 1935.
 She's just a child.
 Yeah, she was nine-year-old.
 You remember this?
 I remember reading it before you just said it.
 I knew it.
 Time to shovel her.
 I went back to order my flag.
 Did you know in Australia, you can also get a portrait of the Queen.
 But you can also request CD and DVD recordings of the National Anthem if you want them.
 Really?
 If you Google constituents request program, you can just ask your local MP or a political
 representative for that and you can request a booklet on the flags of Australia.
 You can get a booklet on Australia's National Symbols and yet you can get a DVD of the National
 Anthem.
 So can someone listening to this in Australia, please do that and send us a photo of you
 with your DVD?
 Yeah, please do.
 Actually, I quite like a photo of someone from Canada with a free portrait of the Queen.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Okay, if you're in a Commonwealth and you have this option, if you're listening in
 Britain, just a picture of Gary Linnaco will be great and please post it to us on our kiwai account.
 Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show and that is Chazinsky.
 My fact this week is that the first ever in cyclopedia Britannica said that humans were
 divided into five categories.
 These categories were American, European, Asian, African and monstrous, the five types of
 humans.
 Did they believe that there were monsters?
 Is that what we're saying?
 I read this in this really good book I've just started reading, it's called "You Could Look
 It Up" by a guy called Jack Lynch and so what it was was that there was kind of an age
 of exploration and there were often a lot of rumors about the kind of people you'd find
 in strange places.
 Maybe there were kind of mythical, semi-human creatures around so there were reports
 for instance of men who had feet backwards or men who didn't have any noses.
 There were reports of humans who had dogs heads and who communicated by barking and so there
 were kind of these rumors about mythical monsters.
 So you are describing Bigfoot and werewolves and these are all still real things out there
 today Anna.
 So this was the casual term of the users to cover themselves, to be like anything we don't,
 it's in miscellaneous basically.
 And this went back to Leneas who classified homo sapiens 10 years earlier, so in 1758.
 And he actually said that there was homo ferrous as well as a different species which was wild
 men and then homo monstrous which was monsters.
 And yeah so we're not quite sure what they are but we're looking made up people.
 So I was reading up on the first ever encyclopedia Britannica because weirdly as you almost feel
 like the authors should be famous names and I didn't know a single one.
 So there were two guys who effectively brought it together.
 One was called Colin McFarcher and that's exactly how he pronounced it.
 Quick to question Mark at the end.
 He never knew.
 The name's McFarquad Colin McFarquad?
 Yeah.
 He also sat up with a guy called Andrew Bell and Alex, your surname is Bell, we're talking
 it all about her.
 Yeah.
 As for the encyclopedia Britannica, he was the engraver, he was the one who did all of the drawings
 which on our podcast when you're not on the microphone with us, you are our illustrator
 for all the things.
 So you both have the same surname.
 That's exciting.
 I like the way that you said Bell as if there was no exclamation points at the end of it
 as well.
 So you got McFarquad.
 What?
 Bell.
 Yeah.
 I don't know what's going to go with my pronunciation but Bell was a very interesting
 guy.
 He was quite small.
 He was four foot six and he had a big nose that he would sometimes try and hide by wearing
 a paper mash a version in order to hide the bigness of his nose.
 He was surely bigger.
 Yeah.
 You would say, right?
 No.
 I think he was a joker and he did it whenever anyone stared at his nose.
 He put a bigger one up a bit to say, are you looking at my nose, bitch?
 I think he was like, because he was going to be in my book.
 Bitch.
 He was going to be like, the tallest one, please.
 I like that.
 I do.
 Going to hire a horse.
 They've just got the same options like at the car rental place where you're like color and
 height and compact.
 Do you leave it fully fed or do you do someone else do that?
 Yeah.
 So the oldest known encyclopedia Britannica is still in use, apparently, and it was only discovered
 in 2010 and there's an 18 volume set that was from 1797 and it just belonged to this family
 in Chelmsford and they'd used it growing up and stuff and they were still using it all the
 time.
 They bought it for 15 pounds, the full set, which seems unbelievable for 18 volumes of encyclopedia.
 But now it's worth like 9,000, right?
 Yeah.
 Under sampling.
 It seems like not very much money for the encyclopedia, old, is encyclopedia.
 I agree.
 Which doesn't seem to go for any.
 Yeah, but you can get them on CD-ROM these days.
 Yeah, it's true.
 Dig.
 Yeah, that's what he did.
 It was so with it.
 Yeah.
 That's no idea.
 If Wikipedia was printed out on paper, it would be about 1,900 volumes worth of Britannica.
 Really?
 That would be the most tedious.
 I mean encyclopedias are not exactly the greatest read of all time, are they?
 But imagine Wikipedia.
 All those little pages for like high schools in the middle of America and stuff.
 Well, there was a project, like it was more of an art project, but this guy called Michael
 Manderberg in 2015 printed out some of it and kind of did a little math and worked how much
 of a cost.
 It was called from A to Zap so that A was A-A-A-A-A-A-A exclamation mark, which is like the
 first Wikipedia entry he could find in the beginning to Zap, which was Z-Z-Z-A-P exclamation
 mark, which was a really random kid's CV show that I remember watching.
 Really?
 Yeah, isn't that weird?
 I remember watching--
 Ah, yeah, that's classic.
 My favourite encyclopedia is the four volume encyclopedia of lubricants and lubrication.
 Nice.
 Have you read it?
 No.
 It's not you couldn't put it down, it's you couldn't pick it up.
 Okay, well, anything else?
 I'm happy to wrap.
 Yep.
 Let's hear that wrap.
 Hello, cool J.
 Okay, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said over
 the course of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland, James, @EggShaped, Alex, @AlexBellUnderskool, and Shazinski.
 You can email podcast@QI.com.
 Yeah, but you can go to our group Twitter account, which is @QIPodcast, or you can head
 to no such thing as a fish.com, where it has all of our previous episodes.
 You can also buy tickets or are upcoming tour in October and November.
 It's also got a link to buy our book, the book of the year, which comes out in November.
 And why not join us every Monday on Facebook Live 5.30pm, British time, which apparently
 is not a thing, but London time.
 And we'll be there to chat about this episode.
 We'll see you again next week.
 Goodbye.
 (upbeat music)
