 (upbeat music)
 (speaking in foreign language)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 - Hello and welcome to another episode
 of No Such Thing as a Fish.
 (audience cheering)
 (speaking in foreign language)
 from Oxford.
 (audience cheering)
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 Here I am sitting here with Anna Chazinski,
 Andrew Hunter Murray, and James Harkin.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days
 and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with you, Anna.
 - My fact this week is that the Victorian soldier,
 Major Charles Bendire, once braved enemy fire
 to get an egg from a tree,
 then held it in his mouth while he climbed down.
 And on finding that it was stuck inside his mouth,
 removed one of his teeth to free it.
 (audience laughing)
 It's amazing.
 - This is just egg collecting or egging, in fact,
 was a really popular pursuit in the 19th century.
 And still some people do it today.
 And yeah, he was an egger.
 And it was thought of as quite a manly pursuit.
 It was very dangerous because like birds lay their eggs
 in precarious positions on cliff faces
 or really high up trees and stuff.
 So yeah, Major Charles Bendire got up there
 to prove his manhood and yeah, had to have his tooth removed.
 And he was being attacked by a patchies, wasn't he?
 - Yes.
 - This was an America.
 He was trying to get an egg of a zone-tailed hawk.
 And I looked to see how big those eggs are.
 And they are about three inches by two inches.
 Okay, so if you can imagine that.
 What, I've got my phone here.
 The width of my phone, this is an iPhone 6s plus.
 This is about the same width as the egg.
 So I'm gonna put it in my mouth.
 Okay.
 - Wow.
 - Wow.
 - Listen to this at home.
 This is incredible stuff.
 This is, I mean, the people of Oxford
 have never seen anyone deep-throw tonight before.
 (audience laughing)
 - Nobody has.
 - Please no one text me right now.
 (audience laughing)
 But anyway, that gives you an idea of how big the egg was.
 - That's the width of it.
 - Yes, so that's the length actually
 and the width is two inches.
 So it's a bit smaller, widthwise.
 It's egg-shaped.
 - Wait, is it okay?
 (audience laughing)
 - You therefore put it in kind of with the long end.
 - Yeah.
 - You put it in the wrong way round.
 - I know, but I'm terrible, Ega.
 But my feeling is that Charles Bendier
 might have done it that way, right?
 Because surely that's how it must have gotten stuck.
 - Maybe.
 - Well, I think also his jaw swallled up, swelled up.
 Due to being under fire, it was a very tense situation.
 And I think that made his jaw swell up a bit.
 Meaning that--
 - Is that what happens?
 - That's one account I read, and he had to get,
 so his men took it out under threat of court martial.
 He said, "I will court martial you if you don't..."
 - How he went?
 (audience laughing)
 - Yeah.
 - And his tooth broke, didn't he?
 So it may not have been an entire tooth
 and his tooth broke as it was on the way out
 or he insisted that it was broken
 to ensure that he retained the egg.
 - So, but burgers, no, sorry, Ega's,
 who had dangerous times.
 There was another guy called Francis J. Britwell.
 I'm pretty sure this is 19th century.
 He was strangled by his own climbing rope,
 climbing to reach a nest in a tall pine tree
 on his honeymoon.
 (laughing)
 - Oh, yeah, that's a good honeymoon.
 - The other thing is that guy, I Googled him
 to see if there was anything else about him.
 And that seems to be literally the only thing
 we know about him.
 - Imagine that, that's all you're known for,
 trying to get an egg on your honeymoon.
 (laughing)
 - He died doing what he loved,
 but not doing who he loved,
 which is what honeymoon's all about.
 (laughing)
 - Miss the entire point.
 - Yeah, but they get really obsessive, don't they,
 these collectors?
 - Yeah, and they still happen.
 So, there's a society called the Jordan,
 Jordan, or Jordan Society,
 which is named after an egg collector of the 19th century.
 And this sort of still exists,
 although they're honorary members now,
 because it's actually illegal to take eggs out of bird's nest
 because it kind of damages birds' procreation cycles.
 But yeah, there are loads of them around.
 So, there's actually one of the UK's most prolific egg collectors
 called Colin Watson, who I think had more eggs than anyone else
 in the late '90s, and then they all got seized by the police.
 But he died falling out of a tree in 2006.
 - Oh, yeah.
 - So again, still very risky.
 - And he's supposedly been retired for years, right?
 - Yeah.
 - Because he kept getting arrested,
 so he said, "I'm no longer in the game."
 And then, but he was on a watch list of 300 egg collectors.
 So, there's a list where they come,
 and they think you have it.
 They raid your house.
 - Oh, no, there was one guy who had 3,600 eggs in his house.
 And when the RSPB smashed his door in with the police,
 he said to them, "Thank God you've come.
 I can't stop."
 So, this is a real obsession that people have.
 - Yeah, that's right.
 And often it's the wives or the family who call the police,
 don't they, or call the RSPB?
 Because they're worried about their husbands,
 and they always is husbands.
 Literally every single person on this list is a male age between 25 and 45.
 No woman has ever been convicted of eggs, eh?
 - Oh, I guess.
 - They're just better at it.
 - Thank you.
 - I do it all the time.
 No one's ever caught me.
 - There was a guy called Mervin Shorthouse in the '70s,
 and so there's an egg collection at Trink,
 which Walter Rothschild collected, thousands,
 maybe I think hundreds of thousands of eggs.
 But he broke in, and he posed as a wheelchair-bound invalid,
 and he stole, over the course of three years, 10,000 eggs, 10,000.
 I think that's about 10 a day for three years, every day,
 including Christmas and your birthday.
 And then he mixed up all the labels to apparently cover the theft.
 I'm not sure how that covers the theft,
 because you've been probably 10,000 eggs in your house.
 - I've heard that with any museum thefts,
 and any general theft where there's a label involved,
 the biggest problem that any scientist cares about
 is they don't care if a thing is stolen,
 because most likely it will be recovered down the line.
 A black market trade will reveal it somewhere
 somewhere in a house.
 It's when you remove the data that says what it was,
 where it was, and how it was found.
 That's the most important thing that goes missing,
 the little label.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - So we're saying steal what you like, but keep labels.
 - Leave the labels.
 - Yeah.
 - steal the labels up, even worse.
 - Yeah.
 - So strong.
 - It must have going into a museum where nothing was labeled.
 You were just looking at stuff going,
 "What the fuck is that?"
 (audience laughs)
 No idea.
 Is it angel Egyptian?
 Is it 1920s?
 There was, it isn't quite gangster.
 There's this amazing New Yorker article,
 which I would really recommend,
 which kind of goes through the long history
 of egging kind of in the modern day.
 And one of the things it describes is a raid in 1994,
 and this was by the RSPB,
 the investigative of the RSPB,
 who was specifically outcatch egg thieves,
 and he raided this hotel in Salisbury in 1994.
 And there was this,
 'cause he knew that there was a short-down society
 dinner taking place.
 And the RSPB actually planted an attractive female employee
 at the bar at the meeting of the egg thieves
 to try and get secrets out of them.
 Did they think they were gonna get laid?
 (audience laughs)
 - There's another thing, when you get a prison,
 and people have been to prison,
 it's illegal to collect bird eggs.
 They get a hard time in prison,
 according to one investigator,
 'cause it just seems very weird as a crime.
 (audience laughs)
 And some of them will only speak on the radio
 if their voices are disguised,
 like they're a terrorist.
 (audience laughs)
 - Oh, yeah, there's one who's called Mr. X,
 who's a known egg for eggs.
 (audience laughs)
 Oh, that's what he's done.
 (audience laughs)
 Eggers and you two have the same sense of humour.
 (audience laughs)
 But he goes around wearing a crow mask all the time
 to disguise his identity.
 - He disguises himself by wearing a crow mask.
 (audience laughs)
 - He's climbing up trees, though, isn't he?
 (audience laughs)
 - I think both other crows and humans
 would rumble him immediately.
 (audience laughs)
 Have you guys heard of the national egg collection?
 - No. - This is cool.
 This was the first world war thing.
 Basically, there were lots of wounded soldiers and sailors,
 and the country had to start a massive egg collecting drive
 to send to the soldiers and sailors.
 They collected a million a week, a million eggs a week,
 and they sent them to the front,
 which is very dangerous place for an egg.
 (audience laughs)
 People wrote their names and addresses on each egg
 with a message for wounded people.
 So if you were a soldier lying in hospital near the front,
 you would get an egg to live with you with a message
 saying, "Well done, and this is for me,
 "and this is who I am."
 - Oh, yeah.
 - I don't think anyone got married off the back of eggs.
 That would be very romantic, I think.
 (audience laughs)
 - A similar thing of writing on eggs.
 Have you guys heard of clown eggs?
 - If you're a clown, you have a unique pattern
 of painting on your face,
 and in order to trademark your face,
 you need to paint it on an egg.
 And you give that egg to this warehouse in East London.
 There's a few more now,
 but initially it was in East London,
 and that would trademark your face officially as a thing.
 And there's thousands and thousands of eggs.
 It's an amazing tradition.
 - What if you're a bald clown with no makeup?
 - And no features.
 (audience laughs)
 Like that guy on Twitter.
 (audience laughs)
 He is a dickhead, isn't he?
 (audience laughs)
 He's so rude.
 (audience laughs)
 - Can I do some stuff about sticking things in your mouth?
 (audience laughs)
 - Yeah.
 - Is it post curfew?
 - Yeah, is it going.
 - So there's a guy called Dinesh Upadhyaya,
 who's a science teacher from India,
 and he holds 48 world records for stuffing objects
 into his mouth.
 - Impressive.
 - So he's put five golf balls in there.
 He's 79 grapes, 92 pencils.
 - Penisles.
 - 92 pencils.
 (audience laughs)
 - He must have been heavily sharpened.
 - Surely.
 - You can't go one pencil in your mouth.
 - Yeah, you don't tell James what he can't come to do,
 I don't know.
 - You put a pencil in there.
 - Oh, not all the way in, just.
 - Yeah, so they're kind of,
 if you can imagine at home,
 putting a pencil in your mouth,
 but not sideways like the blood tensor.
 - Like a smokin' a cigar.
 - Yes, exactly like that.
 So he does that 92 times.
 (audience laughs)
 He's done 12 lit candles in his mouth,
 and he says that daily practice
 was the key to his success.
 And he says he aims to break all possible mouth-stuffing records
 as soon as possible.
 (audience laughs)
 He says, "Great, doesn't he?"
 - That's so great.
 - I don't reckon he's gone much competition.
 I think that's neat.
 He could've just put two candles in his mouth.
 No one else is doing it.
 (audience laughs)
 Also, if you're competing over putting lit candles
 in your mouth,
 you absolutely need to specify on that record
 which way you've inserted it into your mouth.
 'Cause if it's just lit and facing outwards,
 that's not remotely impressive.
 - Yeah, you're right.
 - That's just you put a bit of wax in your mouth.
 - Oh no, because it's, you know,
 the longer you take to put more in,
 the closer the flame gets to your head.
 - What do you mean it burns down?
 - Yeah, it would burn towards your head.
 - You'd have to be pretty slow putting them in.
 - You wouldn't, yeah.
 - I don't.
 - It would be like a very, very slow James Bond villain-esque.
 (audience laughs)
 - Have you put them Mr. Bond?
 (audience laughs)
 - What budget Bond films have you wanted?
 (audience laughs)
 - The dumbest of Bond.
 I expect you to age one year.
 (audience laughs)
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, it is time for fact number two, and that is James.
 - Okay, my fact this week is that if a woman left her husband
 in 18th century England,
 the husband would often put a lost and found advert
 in the local newspaper.
 (audience laughs)
 And this is the thing that happened.
 And it's the thing that happened in the 1700s,
 but it happened all the way to 1980.
 But the golden age of it was in, I mean golden age, yeah.
 What's the opposite of a golden age?
 - Shitty age.
 (audience laughs)
 - The shitty age of it was the 1700s.
 And there's a blog called georgineera.blogspot.com.
 And they've collected a load of examples from history.
 So they've got one from the leads intelligentsia
 from 1797, one from the Chester Chronicle of 1799.
 And basically for more than 300 years,
 if your wife left you, you might put an advert
 in the newspaper saying you basically
 be no longer responsible for her debts.
 - Yeah.
 - Basically.
 - Because husbands basically were responsible
 for paying for their wives at all times, weren't they?
 So if your wife screwed up like that,
 then you were like, I'm not responsible for that.
 - Yeah.
 - The thing was, people did this thinking it was a legal thing
 that would help them out.
 Actually, it had no legal basis whatsoever.
 Maybe in colonial times in America for a show
 I'm out of time, it might have worked,
 but certainly not in 1980, it wouldn't have worked.
 (audience laughs)
 And the phrasing was always the same.
 It was, my wife is not here anymore.
 She's left the house.
 I will not pay for any of her debts.
 It's a bit like, you know, you know on Twitter
 where it says like retweets are not endorsements.
 And everyone thinks that's a legal thing
 that will save them if they do anything.
 And it absolutely won't.
 - Oh no.
 - Well, this is exactly the same thing.
 - What?
 (audience laughs)
 - I've been retweeting some pretty bad egg-based accounts.
 (audience laughs)
 And they did all have the same wording,
 but some of them got pretty funky with the language.
 Only a few.
 So I found one from 1841, which said,
 "Whereas Fanny Martin has, without calls,
 "left my habitation and is floating on the ocean
 "of tyrannical extravagance.
 (audience laughs)
 "Pro to prodigality, taking a wild goose chase
 "and kindling her pipe with the call of curiosity."
 (audience laughs)
 (audience laughs)
 - Amazing.
 - That's a great tagline for our show, isn't it?
 - Oh yeah.
 - What was it kindling your pipe with the call of curiosity?
 (audience laughs)
 - But the women used to get understandably quite annoyed
 'cause often they'd left their husbands
 for totally justified reasons.
 Even though in all of these ads, as James says,
 they all the ad said, without just calls.
 And so the women started coming back from the very early days
 and posting their own ads in newspapers,
 actually explaining why they'd done this.
 So for instance, in 1810, there was a woman called Elizabeth Dick
 and her husband had put this advert out saying,
 "No, it's not a funny name.
 "Come on."
 (audience laughs)
 - How are you Fanny?
 - Her husband had said that she'd gone without just calls.
 And so she posted an advert in the paper,
 a couple of weeks later, saying,
 "It is true that I left my husband's bed and board,
 "but not before he made several attempts to murder me."
 (audience laughs)
 - It used to do weird things.
 The my favorite thing that I read about this,
 if there was a sort of marital dispute,
 there used to be a thing which was marital jewels.
 Have you heard of that?
 So it's, you know, classic pistols at dawn,
 except this was husband versus wife to sort out an argument.
 And there were specific rules about the marital jewel
 that you had to hear by.
 So the basic rules were that you would go to the place,
 there would be an adjudicator.
 The wife was armed with three rocks
 and that she could wrap them around in cloth
 to swing and hit the husband with.
 And this is in the 1200s.
 The man basically had wooden clubs,
 but he had to have a disadvantage to the fight.
 So his disadvantage was he had to have one arm tied
 behind his back and he had to fight the jewel
 from within a three-foot hole in the ground.
 (audience laughs)
 So he would be sat whacking away
 and she could stand, he could never leave the hole
 and she could run around and smack him with her rocks.
 And that was a real thing,
 and there's countless accounts of the marital jewel happening.
 We should bring that back.
 - As a married man, I don't think we should bring that back.
 - Yeah, why did I say that?
 - We should certainly bring it back as a game.
 I mean, that is a fun game, you're standing in a hole.
 You've got, maybe let's make the club out of foam or something.
 - That's like a channel five game show, isn't it?
 - Yeah.
 - I forgot to tell you guys, I had a marital argument this morning
 but you forgot to tell us.
 (audience laughs)
 - It's something I didn't realize I did.
 I woke up in the morning and I was like,
 "You okay?"
 And she said, "You slept all class night."
 I was like, "Did I?"
 What did I say?
 She said, "You said, "I have many secrets."
 (audience laughs)
 And that was it.
 She was up for the rest of the night.
 I was like, "He's fucking secrets."
 Done.
 She knows about the egg stealing.
 (audience laughs)
 - So I was looking at classified adverts in the newspaper.
 That's the thing that happens.
 So classified adverts were an enormous thing.
 You know, they kept loads of newspapers going
 in the days before Craigslist
 and whatever people use these days.
 But the London Review of Books used to have
 the greatest personal's adverts to find love
 out of any publication.
 And people used to collect these and read them avidly.
 So they included things like,
 these are all complete ones, by the way.
 Angry troll up, 37.
 Offers?
 (audience laughs)
 Amazing.
 There was another one.
 Less Venus in first, more Derek in Bucksdon.
 (audience laughs)
 Interested?
 Right.
 Right to Derek in Bucksdon.
 (audience laughs)
 And this is my favorite, favorite, favorite, favorite one.
 Vegan love God on the brink of mental and physical collapse,
 male 26, seeks pallid calcium deficient female
 for nights of apathy, depression, and headaches
 while touring the moral high ground.
 (audience laughs)
 - So you mentioned Craigslist.
 They have some really funny postings that have gone up
 and a lot of them are jokes.
 But some of them, I was reading through, you know,
 their best ones they've had.
 And some of them I think are real and incredibly sad.
 So this was one posting on Craigslist a few years ago.
 I need someone to hide Easter eggs in my apartment
 when I'm not there.
 They are small and filled with candy.
 I would like to find them myself on Sunday.
 I am willing to pay serious enquiries only.
 You want someone to, I know.
 - I mean, it sounds like someone weaning them
 self off ex stealing, doesn't it?
 (audience laughs)
 Please, please, please ignore the rumful
 of 10,000 eggs with mismatched labels.
 (audience laughs)
 And the man dressed as a crow in a car.
 (audience laughs)
 - There was another one.
 There was one about a man who claimed
 that he'd robbed a woman's purse.
 But then he'd caught her eye after he was robbing it.
 So he'd mugged a woman.
 He'd then he'd put an ad on Craigslist saying,
 "Hi, I mugged you the other day."
 But then I caught your eye.
 There was a quick moment when our eyes met
 and I felt something strong.
 I think you felt it too.
 (audience laughs)
 If I wasn't so shy, brackets also committing a crime.
 Close brackets.
 I would have asked your name.
 I, of course, later got your name
 from your driver's license.
 (audience laughs)
 So Jennifer, if you'd like to get together for a drink,
 please call me.
 - I'm made. - I'm outside your front door.
 (audience laughs)
 Do you know that Guns and Roses
 got together through a personal's advert?
 - Did they? - Yeah.
 So there was, this used to be a thing
 for bands getting together.
 So they were posted in music magazines
 and obviously which have a music you like,
 you posted in that magazine.
 So the advert said, "Base player needed
 "for band influenced by Aerosmith, Alice Cooper."
 - Call slash.
 - Oh, what? - Call slash.
 - Call slash.
 - And they used to put the holes in the enemy,
 didn't they quite a lot?
 I remember when I was growing up
 and of course that's closed down today.
 - Just today. - Yeah.
 - What?
 - Last issue goes out on Friday.
 - You joking.
 - No jokes.
 - Last chance if you want to get in a band, Andy.
 (audience laughs)
 - I thought I was in one.
 (audience laughs)
 So it was a weird sort of vocal band.
 (audience laughs)
 - I think there's a problem in classifieds, right?
 When people are looking into the history of them
 'cause you don't get any other extra information.
 So there's this really good looking book,
 which is called "Found Strange Red Cow."
 And it's called that because it's related to an advert
 that was placed in the Pennsylvania Gazette in the 19th century
 which said, "Found Strange Red Cow."
 And it was about a cow that wandered
 onto someone's property
 and will return to owner who proves that they own it.
 But another example of one of the ads in this book
 is 1892 in New York.
 Wanted a young lady of German parentage
 must be 36 inch bust
 and understand bookkeeping on a small scale.
 (audience laughs)
 - What job requires?
 All of those very specific issues.
 - But I'm willing to compromise
 on the bookkeeping on a small scale.
 (audience laughs)
 - Okay, move on to fact number three.
 And that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that there is a bell
 that's been ringing in Oxford nonstop for 178 years.
 Yeah.
 - Yeah, you guys must be pissed off about that.
 - Yeah.
 - Sounds really annoying.
 - The hometown fact or where we're recording
 or home city fact.
 It's, this is in the Clarendon Laboratory.
 It's a 10 minute walk from where we are right now.
 And back in 1840, they set this up
 with a new experimental battery that they wanted to test out.
 And effectively, it's two batteries
 and a little bell hanging between
 and it oscillates and just goes between the two bells.
 And they thought it would last for a while.
 But since 1840, it has not stopped.
 It is still going.
 I visited it today.
 You can go and see it.
 - Oh, did you?
 - And you look really close and it's just tingling, tingling.
 - It's just tiny here at Dinging.
 - No, I made the noise.
 It's behind two bits of very thick glass
 and then it's in a thicker, a bit of glass
 even so once you get to it.
 - I don't know it's Dinging then.
 - 'Cause I made the noise.
 - We don't know what noise it's making if any,
 but you can see it physically.
 - Well, it's likely to be a Dinging.
 - It's one of those things when you see it.
 You're like, tingling, tingling.
 It's got the motion of that.
 And yeah, so this has been going
 and it's battery powered.
 This is what's most impressive.
 It's not as if it's a perpetual motion or anything.
 Which would actually be more impressive.
 - Yeah.
 - Given how that would break the laws of the universe.
 - No, I don't want to show this over the science first.
 It's another perpetual motion thing I've built.
 - The problem is is that because they don't know
 the exact composer of what's going inside it,
 they need to just leave it
 because the experiment now is how long will this go for.
 It's like Schroddinger's battery.
 If you touch it and go in, you ruin the experiment.
 So yeah, so they're just going to wait it out.
 It's a long-term experiment.
 - The best guess is that it's 2,000 alternate layers
 of metal foil and paper coated with manganese dioxide
 and honey compressed into a glass tube
 and sealed from humidity in a casing of sulphur.
 - Honey!
 - That is, honey.
 - That's a good guess, isn't it?
 (all laughing)
 - You were close, but it was peanut butter.
 (all laughing)
 I just find it amazing that this stuff doesn't erode,
 which I know metals are very erosion proof,
 but the clapper has struck the bell 10,911,456,000 times
 since it started.
 That's like almost 11 billion times.
 - Yeah, they think that the physical bell will break
 before the battery itself breaks.
 'Cause there's a lot of metallic dust at the bottom,
 isn't there, where it's kind of eroded over time?
 - Yeah.
 - But you know what, this experiment is called
 the Oxford Dry Pile experiment
 and it's been going longer than physics.
 (all laughing)
 By which I mean that it was bought in 1840,
 like you say, by Reverend Robert Walker
 and he was a reader in experimental philosophy
 and that's what they called physics back then.
 So it's before you had physics professors.
 - Yeah, wow.
 - That's cool, isn't it?
 - That is cool.
 - Also, the battery was effectively made in 1825.
 They started ringing it as a bell in 1840,
 but Walter, with the first batteries, was 1800.
 So in 25 years, they created a battery
 that is still running today and just nailed it.
 - I imagine when it stops, they'll be like,
 have you tried rubbing it?
 (all laughing)
 - I think we should say,
 'cause I think there's been a few moments
 where it has stopped due to humidity and stuff like that,
 but it's always come back on.
 - Does anyone else have a problem with dry pile being
 a way for this incredible?
 - Terrible problem with dry piles.
 (all laughing)
 My notes are all about completely different stuff, actually.
 It's mostly a list of pharmacists
 that I've visited today.
 (all laughing)
 - It's an unfortunate name
 who was an extremely important piece of, you know,
 physical progress, but the Voltaic pile
 invented by Volta of voltage fame is what it's basically based on.
 And I didn't actually realize how they worked,
 but basically it's just the Voltaic pile
 is alternating layers of two different types of metal.
 And if you've got metals of two different chemical components,
 then charge will travel between them.
 If you put like salty watery paper between them,
 so that allows electricity to conduct,
 'cause you've got this watery salty paper.
 So the metal slightly dissolves into that paper.
 And then when they touch each other,
 then the current travels through them
 and a circuit is created.
 So it's just a pile of metal with a wet paper in between.
 - It was bizarre.
 - That's electricity.
 - And he's the guy who demonstrated electricity
 first by electrocuting loads of frogs, right?
 Volta, so he--
 - And Galvani as well.
 - And Galvani, so these were the two electricity pioneers
 of the early 19th century.
 And they were kind of for this fight,
 because Volta used to put two different types of metal
 on a dead frog's leg.
 And the frog's leg would twitch.
 And he'd say, look, that shows that these two different metals
 are creating electricity.
 And Galvani, from where we get the word Galvanise,
 said, no, no, it's because the frog's leg
 is generating electricity.
 And he thought that dead animal, you know,
 bit created electricity.
 So he turns out he was wrong.
 - But we could have had a world where instead of a battery,
 you have to shove a dead frog's leg
 into the back of your torch.
 - A better world.
 - A better world.
 (laughing)
 - Do you know Volta did an experiment
 just after he invented the Voltaic pile
 where he found out that electricity takes sour.
 And the way that he did this was he got a number of volunteers
 to form a chain.
 And they each pinched the tongue of the person,
 I won't do it Andy, don't worry.
 Of the person next to them.
 And so they were all in a chain pinching each other's tongue.
 And then he put some electricity going through them.
 And everyone could taste the fingers
 of the person next to them going sour.
 - Really?
 - That's a good experiment.
 - But how do you get the volunteers for that
 in your class of mind ever?
 Wanted, what are the volunteers for wacky stuff?
 (laughing)
 Actually, we don't have electricity.
 And he'd say, come and taste my fingers.
 (laughing)
 Taste my finger was the Victorian equivalent
 of pull my finger actually.
 (laughing)
 - Do you know, just on how batteries work
 and how, you know, electrical current flows.
 In the 19th century, there were a lot of cases
 of exploding teeth.
 And I know it sounds like those two sentences are unrelated.
 But they've realized, people have realized
 that the most likely explanation for this
 is that people used to have teeth
 that were made of metal, obviously.
 And they would often be two different types of metal.
 And there were all these dentist records
 and doctors records of exploding teeth.
 Like, people would be in huge amounts of pain.
 And they'd feel like there was an electric current
 going into their gums.
 And then their teeth would explode.
 And it's actually because they literally
 were turning their mouths into a battery.
 So if you had these two different types of metal
 and they were making contact,
 then there was a circuit running around your mouth.
 - Well, and that's what happens if you have a filling
 and you bite a bit of metal,
 you're making a tiny little battery there,
 aren't you? - Yeah.
 - That's why that's so painful.
 - Really?
 - Yeah.
 - Is that painful?
 - Yeah.
 (laughing)
 - I was looking a bit into,
 'cause this is a long-term experiment
 that's been going on.
 I just looked into long-term experiments.
 And I found one which I thought was really interesting.
 There was a paper that was published in 1998
 and the title of it was,
 "Does knuckle cracking lead to arthritis of the fingers?"
 And this was written by a scientist called Donald Unger,
 who basically for 60 years cracked his knuckles
 in order to work out if it was arthritis
 that you would get off the back of it.
 He did it because when he was a kid,
 his mother and his aunties said to him,
 "Stop cracking your knuckles, you're gonna get arthritis."
 And he thought, "No, I'm not."
 So he said, "60 years on the left hand alone,
 cracking his knuckles."
 And then he didn't crack his right hand.
 - Exactly.
 So it started as a kid.
 Just was like every day he would crack his knuckles
 and he got to the end and his answer was,
 "No, it doesn't give you arthritis."
 - Although, that seems like a very petty thing
 to spite your mother for 60 years.
 - Yeah.
 - It was an unhealthy relationship.
 - Okay.
 I have done further papers and it turns out
 the broccoli is not delicious.
 (audience laughing)
 And it turns out, I won't go blind if I keep doing that.
 (audience laughing)
 - Should we move on to our final fact?
 - Yeah.
 - Okay, it is our final fact of the show
 and that is Andy.
 - My fact is that King Edward VII
 had a liquor invented specifically for him to drink
 while driving.
 (audience laughing)
 This was very pretty health and safety.
 So there's a drink, it's called the King's Ginger
 'cause it was named for him.
 He was the first monarch to drive a car.
 He was driving from about 1898.
 He was an early adopter.
 He became King in 1901.
 And he was a huge fan of drinking,
 but he was driving around on quite chilly mores,
 open top cars.
 And his doctor, this is the story of the drink,
 was worried that he might get cold and chilly.
 So instead of giving him medical advice,
 he just asked a wine merchant to invent a new alcohol for him.
 And it's very gingery and it's called King's Ginger.
 - And it still exists, right?
 - It still exists.
 And actually, I've brought some along with me tonight.
 - That's so good.
 - My wine was literally about to run out.
 - Well, have you got a cup?
 - I've got four.
 I did try and find shot glasses in my house,
 but due to my lifestyle, I've got one.
 (audience laughing)
 I've then got two measuring shot glasses,
 which he used for K&Pepa.
 (audience laughing)
 And I've got one shot glass I borrowed from the venue.
 Thank you very much.
 (audience laughing)
 So if you'd like to, oh, Cracky.
 - I'm not driving home later.
 Am I still allowed to drink it?
 (audience laughing)
 - We don't normally finish with alcohol consumption on stage.
 Sorry, we normally start with it, but.
 (audience laughing)
 And it's shot at it, right.
 - It was a shot glass.
 (audience laughing)
 (audience cheering)
 - Okay, should we talk about facts and stuff?
 - Yeah, sure.
 - Oh yeah, ever the seventh.
 He liked drinking, he liked generally having a good time,
 didn't he, ever the seventh?
 So old Bertie, one of the things he was famous for
 was having a siège d'amour or a loft chair,
 which is an item which I think still exists today,
 but it was made for his own personal use,
 a brothel called Lushabane,
 which was a very famous brothel in Paris.
 And if you should look it up, the loft chair,
 if ever the seventh, and apparently it's made for him
 to have sex with two women at the same time.
 It's a bizarre contraption, it's got stirrups on it,
 it's got hand grips on it.
 I've steered it for about 45 minutes today,
 and I cannot for the life of me work out
 how you could have sex with one person.
 - Let alone two, using this chair.
 - But he was worried, wasn't he,
 because he got quite massive later in life,
 and so his main worry was he didn't,
 he was having a lot of sex still with a lot of people,
 and he didn't want to crush them while he was having sex.
 That was his decision.
 So the chair gave him the sort of the uncrushability
 that he was looking for when having a minasie toire.
 - Yeah. - And can I just say quickly,
 because I know we're in England,
 and everyone knows who Edward the seventh is,
 but as you know, there's little else spoken about
 these days, contemporary national discourse.
 But for international listeners, he was the son of Queen Victoria.
 He was born in 1841, which, for context of this podcast,
 was one year after the bell started ringing in Oxford.
 (audience laughs)
 And he was, yeah, he was known as Dirty Bertie.
 He was such a odd character, but very influential as well.
 A lot of things have gone through history
 that are said to be, as a result of him,
 one we know for sure is the fact that the royals get two birthdays.
 The Queen has two birthdays.
 That's down to him.
 Because his birthday was at a bad time.
 It was in a wintery time.
 So he said, "I want a more a summary one."
 So he gave himself a second birthday.
 So that's down to him.
 Some royal drinks.
 - Oh, yeah. - All right.
 - So you said Queen Victoria, who was his mother?
 - Yes. - Her favorite drink was whiskey
 and red wine mixed together.
 - Yeah, that's true.
 I think we found out from Gladstone,
 didn't we, a Prime Minister of the 19th century?
 And yeah, he did not like the idea.
 He wrote, "She has her claret strengthened,
 "and I should have thought spoiled with whiskey,
 "but that was her drink."
 Kate Middleton likes crack, baby.
 - Sorry. - Hey, never called me baby again.
 (laughing)
 That was a very legally contentious statement, James.
 It's a cocktail.
 There's no crack in it.
 It's called vodka, raspberry liqueur,
 passion fruit and champagne.
 It's called crack, baby.
 That's one of her favorite drinks.
 Did you know that there is a new drink
 that's been invented called a Voktail?
 This is from last year.
 It's by the University of Singapore
 and it's a virtual cocktail.
 So it's a special glass,
 which can make you think you're drinking alcohol,
 even though you're not.
 - Sounds awful. - It's got three methods.
 So you pour a liquid in, you pour just normal water in
 and then there's a light that goes on in the glass.
 So already you think, "Oh, it's a lovely red cocktail,"
 whatever, then there are electrodes all around the rim
 where you can alter the sweetness
 or the saltiness or the bitterness
 by stimulating the tongue with a small electric current,
 like--
 - Valter. - Yeah, man, vulter.
 And finally, there's a tube in the side
 which releases gases to make you think
 that you're drinking something else.
 So you can think you're drinking lemonade
 even though you're drinking water.
 And then do they smack you over the head
 so you have a headache in the morning?
 (laughing)
 Hey, we're gonna have to wrap up shortly.
 Do you guys have anything before we do?
 I've had so much kings to enjoy.
 I can't really see any more, though.
 (laughing)
 I got one last thing which I really like,
 which is that there's a lot of celebrity alcohols
 that have been released over the years.
 And my favorite, like ACDC, do wine, iron maiden, do beer,
 Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie and Danny DeVito,
 they all have their different wines.
 My favorite one is that the band Hanson,
 famous for the song "Umbop,"
 they released their own beer, which they called "Umbops."
 And that's available at shops.
 It shops, I think you'll find it.
 (laughing)
 Okay, that is it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we've set over the course
 of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Streiberland.
 Andy.
 (speaking in foreign language)
 James Haken and Shazinski.
 You can email us at qa.com.
 Yep, or you can go to our group account,
 which is @nosuchthing, our Facebook account as well,
 or our website.
 Nosuchthing is a fish.com.
 We've got links to our tour.
 We have links to our book.
 We have links to this, well, very soon, hopefully,
 our cassette, when we're about to give one away.
 Because we ask the audience here in Oxford
 to give us a fact.
 Their favorite fact, James is picked a winner.
 So the winner is, it is Ryan O'Reilly.
 The fact is that in 2005, Babu, a male red panda,
 a Birmingham nature center in Birmingham, escaped.
 He was subsequently named Brummy of the Year.
 (laughing)
 Amazing.
 What for escaping Birmingham?
 (laughing)
 Ryan come find us outside at the end of the show.
 We'll give you a cassette.
 And this is, we're not selling them anywhere else.
 So if anyone wants one, they're going to be out in the foyer.
 We're going to be out there as well, signing them.
 Guys, thank you so much for being here.
 We'll be back again next week with another episode.
 Goodbye.
 (audience cheering)
 (upbeat music)
 (audience cheering)
 (audience cheering)
