 We run it on QI a few years ago.
 Which was, there's no such thing as a fish.
 It is not such thing as a fish.
 No, seriously, it's in the Oxford Dictionary of Underwater Life.
 It says it right there, first paragraph, no such thing as a fish.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming to you
 from the QI offices in Covered Garden. My name is Dan Schreiber. I'm sitting here with James
 Harkin, Andy, Marie and Anna Chazinski. And once again, we have gathered around the microphone
 with our four favorite Spooky facts from the last seven days.
 For this, our Halloween special and in no particular order, here we go.
 Okay, fact number one, Andy. My fact is that until the year 635 AD, Halloween was on the 12th of May.
 Why was it on the 12th of May and why did we change it?
 Well, it's only really on the 12th of May because it's Halloween is the day before All Saints Day.
 Yeah, I was under the impression that that was the first of November.
 Yes, well, basically Halloween is part of the All-Hallowed Tide Festival.
 It's three days, which is All-Hallowed Zeeve, which we've got Halloween, All-Hallowed Day or All Saints Day
 and All-Souls Day. It was introduced in 609 AD, but it was on the 13th of May and everyone
 would travel to Rome and do pilgrimages there. But in 835, Gregory IV, who was then the Pope,
 said that it should become the first of November and we're not really sure why.
 There is a theory that it was because it was sort of a way of adopting other religions
 or other traditional rights and folding them into the church.
 Because there already was a kind of a middle of autumn.
 Yeah, that's called 'Sawin' and it was the festival of the beginning of winter
 and there was a lot of death around in the air and that's what people saw.
 Also, autumn is just a spookier time. Spring isn't a spookier time,
 that's when life starts to happen and the sun's coming out.
 Except that. Autumn is spookier.
 Well, when people used to visit Rome, there is a theory that it was moved to autumn
 because when so many people visited Rome, everyone got malaria,
 which is itself quite a spooky zombie-like thing to happen to.
 Yeah, chords of pilgrim so.
 But it used to be because obviously we've transformed it into a time of the undead
 and all that stuff.
 Like, wasn't really about that.
 Was it as spookier back then?
 Yeah, so that might be why it might have been nice in May.
 Yeah, there are amazing Halloween traditions which sort of evolved from
 the whole 'Remember the Dead' thing.
 So, trickle-treating came from solving.
 It was originally not just children, it was poor people and children.
 You would go door to door praying for people, dead people in exchange for cake.
 I've heard some other ideas about where trickle-treat came from.
 Yeah, me too. That's a bit.
 So here's one. For instance, they had mischief night in Leeds and Bradford in Yorkshire
 and the children would go around causing trouble and the authorities would just let them off
 and they say, "It's nub-but-but-mischief-nate."
 Oh, okay.
 There was also a thing called 'Hop Tuna' in the Isle of Man.
 And that had people wandering around armed with bits of turnip,
 singing in 'manks' and demanding 'cash'.
 And the idea is that these guys from like Yorkshire or Isle of Man or
 Island or Scotland had all gone over to America during the, you know,
 whenever that was.
 And they brought it there and then it's come back over here.
 Yeah, that's one theory behind trickle-treat.
 Well, I thought it was a, I think it was originally a German tradition,
 but it was popular in Pennsylvania and Dutch communities in America up until the early 20th century.
 They're first-hand accounts of it and it's called 'Belsnickling',
 which I think it should be because it's just a good name.
 But it was a Christmas tradition and it happened on Christmas Eve,
 but it's so similar.
 So basically the teenagers of the community were dressed up as various different characters,
 fictional characters and they go around kids' houses and they'd scare the kids
 and the kids would have to guess what they were dressed up as and if they guess right,
 they got a suite.
 So basically there's lots of different theories to trickle-treats.
 It's probably just something that builds up all over the world.
 Yeah.
 It's an obvious thing, isn't it?
 One night a year, you go a bit crazy.
 Yeah, like the, like the purge, that movie.
 And do you like the movie the purge?
 So 'Borbing for Apples' is Halloween tradition now, obviously.
 It seems like it should be more of a Valentine's Day tradition.
 So it was a way of people selecting a future husband.
 So each apple would be dropped in water and assigned a man's name.
 And then a bunch of women would rock up,
 plunge their faces into the water and the apple that they bit.
 If they bit the apple the first time, then they'd marry the man and live happily ever after.
 If they bit the apples successfully the second time, then he would court her,
 but their love would fade.
 And if they but the apple the third time, the relationship was doomed.
 Oh, but it used to be that.
 Is it called 'Borbing for Apples' because the name of the man you might marry would be Bob?
 It was always Bob, yeah.
 Only people could Bob get it.
 It sounds like swinging, you know, when you throw your car keys into a hat,
 but with more commitment.
 Yeah, yeah, it doesn't feel like that.
 It's weird because Halloween has turned in these days into a scaremongering time
 where everyone thinks 'Borbing for Apples' were filled with razor blades.
 And...
 Oh, yeah.
 And big scare, wasn't it?
 It was a big scare, yeah, yeah.
 And just general, you know, like, you've got to watch out now and it's not safe to be on the streets.
 That portends badly for the relationship, doesn't it?
 If the apple you've bobbed into, the man's name is full of razor blades.
 It appears your mouth.
 But I've got it first time, so I'm sure the marriage will be successful.
 Have you guys heard of a singer called Keisha?
 Yes.
 Spelt with a dollar sign in her name.
 Okay, cool, because I read something about her,
 but I just wanted to check people have heard of her.
 I hadn't.
 She has a song called 'Supernatural'.
 Do you know what that's about?
 I'm ghosts.
 It's about her having sex with a ghost.
 Her experience having sex with ghosts,
 which she does on a semi-regular basis apparently.
 She wants to go to a hypnotherapist who told her that she had dead people living in her body
 and specifically in her 'Nether Regions'.
 And so she had to have her vagina exercised.
 And the song 'Supernatural'.
 Sorry, that's actual exorcised.
 Exorcised, yeah.
 Not real.
 So Keisha's new DVD.
 Oh, and the footsteps have been in McCall.
 There's a word for the ghost that has sex with people.
 I can't remember what it is.
 Succubus.
 Succubus, yeah.
 Or an incubus.
 Yeah.
 Are they the female male versions?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 That happens in ghost busters.
 Yes, that's it.
 Yeah, yeah.
 I saw a bus yesterday which had ghost bus tours written on it,
 which I think is an amazingly good way of doing it,
 because they do ghost bus tours.
 It's better than calling it 'succubus'.
 Just quickly on the night terrors and being assaulted by ghosts in your sleep,
 there's a folklorist David Huffer to estimate that 15% of people will experience that.
 At some point in their lives.
 So don't genuinely, don't feel bad if you've had it.
 There's one thing where you're kind of just kind of on the verge of waking up or on the
 verge of going to sleep.
 And your consciousness comes back, but your body's still asleep and so you can't really
 sit up and you kind of get a bit of a terror that you can't sit up.
 I think that's quite a common thing.
 Yeah, it is.
 And people believe that it's like people believe it's dead.
 So that they're being held down by ghosts because the consciousness has come back
 before the body is woken up properly.
 That's right, wow.
 I had that uni, it's absolutely terrifying, yeah.
 So do you know what the number one Halloween costume is?
 What is the most popular?
 A witch still.
 Yeah, what I thought was going to be something really surprising, like it's actually
 pretty terrible.
 It's not surprising, yeah, but I thought it would be like, I don't know, a super hero costume
 like Spider-Man.
 Well, I find where there's a list online of the most popular ones, isn't there in America this is?
 And there are seven million children dresses witches in America this year, they think.
 And there's going to be 5.8 million princesses, which is a second most, but how's that scary?
 Yeah, so what there's a theory that the costumes comes from this tradition, which was in the
 Middle Ages, where churches would display their relics for all Hallows Eve and all Hallows Day.
 But if they didn't have any, they would let the parishioners dress up as the saints instead.
 Oh, how cool is that?
 Which saint would you dress up as, Andy?
 I don't know, Saint Jerome.
 Oh yeah, what did he look like to know?
 If I dress up as Saint Martin of Tor, would I be allowed to do what he did, which was he went
 around exercising people in one of the ways he did that was to push his hand down their
 throat and push the spirit out of their anus.
 He's going the wrong way about it if he's trying to exercise Keisha, isn't he?
 Apparently there's a quote, which is something like the spirit left a muddy, filthy trail behind
 it as it left.
 Okay, time for fact number two, and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that witches used broomsticks to put hallucinogenic drugs up their
 bums. What?
 Turns out that a lot of historians suggest that the imagery itself is actually representative
 of what they were going through, which is that they used to do hallucinogenic drugs.
 And the tripping and the flying that they used to do was actually flight to the mind.
 It was stuff going on inside their head.
 And it was all just one big drug trip, which is insane.
 A drug called datura, a European drug that you could get, which was a hallucinogenic,
 and they just used to go through their mental landscape.
 And the flying bit of it is just representative of what they were going through in their heads.
 I suppose that's more logical than the match we're flying.
 Yeah.
 What about the broom?
 Well, okay.
 The broom was a way of applying the datura drug, which it was an application device for the bum.
 Oh, wow.
 A suppository.
 A suppository.
 So all the imagery that you see is not them flying on a broom.
 It is using the broom as a suppository for the drug.
 A guy called Jordan De Bergamo in the 15th century who was one of the guys who were
 made up.
 He raised about it, said they anointed the staff and then anointed themselves under the arms
 or in other hairy places, which is another way one could refer to.
 The head, yeah.
 Exactly what do you meant?
 Um, yeah, so I just like that.
 I like that because everyone dresses up as a witch and they have an impression of why they're
 dressing up as it and it turns out there's a whole different connotation to what they're.
 So do we think this is definitely true about the broomstick or because there must be some other
 theories about why they're dressed?
 Yeah, I so I found this out via a ethnobiologist called Wade Davis.
 Oh, yeah.
 He's a guy who's who's made extraordinary adventures.
 He's written great books and this was just a passage inside this book.
 The book is actually about zombies on a trip that he did to Haiti.
 He went to five separate villages and in those villages they all used the same combinations
 of thing to create this thing where people were sighted as being supposedly being zombies.
 So his idea is that he did discover what makes zombies in Haiti and it's this potion.
 I like the idea on potions that um so I was reading about six in 16th century Spain this
 physician.
 He raided a house basically which was occupied by what they thought was witches and he confiscated
 from it a pot full of a certain green ointment composed of herbs such as hemlock and nightshade,
 henbane and mandrake from home of a couple of keys of witchcraft.
 And I just like the idea that that's the 16th century drugs raid.
 Is he said well I've got some mandrake as I'm a hemlock under the bed.
 The first woman in Germany to run a post office was burned as a witch.
 Oh, was she?
 Was it for running a post office?
 No, it was for raising the price of them.
 No, she was called Katarina Henot or Henot and no, she was she was just a big member of the community
 and then she got accused of being a witch as they often did and then she was burned unfortunately.
 You have an extraordinary number of witches or alleged witches who were killed in Europe in the
 15th to 18th century.
 Is it 50,000?
 Yeah, some wow.
 Some wow.
 But like the Salem witch trials that basically came as just someone accusing someone else and then
 it went bigger and bigger and bigger.
 But it ended when the wife of the mayor or something like that got accused of being a witch and then
 suddenly the mayor went oh this is all rubbish.
 You guys stop it but until then the authorities are kind of agreed to it all.
 And then as soon as like one of the wives of the main guys in the town was accused,
 then suddenly they were like nope, no, yep, definitely not true.
 Bloody politicians.
 I know.
 They still in Papua New Guinea there's still a tradition of kind of hunting down,
 which isn't accusing people of witchcraft and that's mainly focused on men at the moment
 apparently or quite so.
 That's quite a heavy focus on men.
 Yeah.
 And also when I was reading about this I learned the difference between witchcraft and sorcery,
 which does make total sense.
 But what would you guess it was?
 Men and women.
 No, it's witchcraft is something that you are born with that you have a gift inside you and sorcery
 you can learn.
 So we could all be sorcerers but only I am a witch.
 One way of finding out if someone was a witch in Africa was administering poison to a chicken.
 They're mentioning the name of a suspected witch.
 If the chicken dies then the suspects is a witch.
 Which it might be because the suspects is a witch or it might be because you've just poisoned it.
 Wow.
 That's a stacked legal system you've got there.
 It's said, yeah.
 In the 19th century there was a chicken that kept on laying eggs saying that Christ was coming
 in the end of the world was nigh and everyone got really panicked by this for a while.
 It was written on the eggs and eventually a guy went to investigate it and it turned out
 that it was being written on the eggs and then they were being shoved back up inside.
 Oh my god, reverse accesses them.
 It was to leave them again.
 Insus isn't.
 Have you heard of witch bottles?
 You would bury them.
 This was in the 16th and 17th centuries.
 You would bury them to ward off witches basically and you would fill up an ordinary bottle
 with hair and urine and pins and that was the person you wanted to protect.
 You would put their urine in and it would throw any spell they cast back on you
 and they keep finding these things buried all over the place.
 That's weird isn't it because that's almost like a spell in its stealth isn't it?
 Yeah, because you're almost doing your own little bit of witchcraft to get rid of the witch
 which kind of makes you a witch as well.
 I don't know, it's a never-ending cycle.
 Eventually we'll all be witches.
 Yeah, the pins are quite important to witches.
 They use them a lot in their spells.
 The Pendle Witches who are from my neck of the woods, they were found to be witches
 because one of them went to town to try and procure some pins because they needed them for the
 spells. Asked this guy for some pins.
 He said no, he walked away, she swore at him or something, he then had a stroke or a heart attack
 and they thought that she'd caused it and then that's why they all got caught and then
 hanged for being a witch.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 Brums traditionally use the marriage ceremonies in a lot of cultures because one end represents
 the phallic kind of male end and one end is the bristly female end but also the youngest
 person to get a patent on something is a little boy who's got a patent on a double-headed
 brimstick and it's Sam Hoffton of Bucsley and Darbyshire.
 He was three years old when he came up with it and by chance his father was a patent lawyer.
 Okay, so in fact number three and that is Chazinski.
 Yeah, my fact is that the woman who played the voice of Reagan in the exorcist only agreed
 to play the part on the grounds that she have two priests in her sound booth at all times
 could be constantly drinking whiskey, chain-smoking cigarettes and eating raw eggs.
 Who is it only very similar to Anna's rider?
 Oh my gosh, thing is official putting buttons.
 We just haven't mentioned Grigori and Samuel.
 He didn't buy his priests.
 Obviously she had a majorly raspy angry voice in there but why the priests?
 Well, because so she decided that yeah, as you say, she wanted to do the whiskey and the
 cigarettes and the raw eggs because she thought that would give her the right voice but she was an
 alcoholic and she was dry. So she also addicted to raw eggs and priests.
 So she thought the priest had monitored her because to make sure that she wasn't falling
 off the wagon in the process of drinking the whiskey.
 Oh, they weren't there to kind of exercise any demons as well.
 Well, I thought presumably it was because of spiritual.
 So I've read both but either the director or the producer, I can't remember who did
 it. It's had an interview where he said that it was because she was an alcoholic but then I have
 also read that it might be because she wanted to make sure no evil spirits got into while
 she was playing the part.
 But yeah, Warner Brothers, we were talking about last week, failed to credit her for voicing
 her in the exercise.
 Well, it sounded like from what I read, she didn't want to be credited initially because
 she just saw I'm just doing a voicing and it was such a popular movie.
 In fact, I think still to this day it was the highest-grossing film of the time that that
 Warner Brothers had.
 I think adjusted for inflation.
 Yeah, adjusted for inflation that was the highest-grossing film that they had.
 So I think as soon as that happened she suddenly wanted to be credited.
 Oh, yeah.
 You know the scene where the girl's neck spins round and that's back into place.
 Yeah.
 You know that sort of sound of her neck and the creaking around.
 It was actually made by the director's wallet.
 Leather wallet.
 And he just sort of twisted it around near the microphone and that made this...
 I just grew up the idea that he's such a cheap skate that whenever he opens his wallet it makes his creaking sound.
 And the shot of the cobwebs closed, that was inside there.
 He used to, the director used to, in order to achieve the requisite levels of fear on the
 faces of the actors used to fire guns during filming at certain points.
 I just find it blank.
 I could never tell if this stuff is true.
 What do you read this about movies?
 He was interviewed.
 Yeah, I know, but he said he did it.
 Okay, in Scream, Drew Barrymore is the opening scene in Scream.
 If you remember the movie where she's chased and she becomes the first victim of the villain.
 Apparently, in order to keep her scared on set,
 Wes Craven would go around telling her stories of animals being harmed because she loved her.
 And that would put the fear into her and bring, it's like no, she's an actor.
 She knows how to act scared.
 It's kind of insulting to the actors a little bit.
 It's like, oh, you can't do a scared face.
 I'm going to have to pretend to shoot you.
 Yeah, yeah.
 So in Alien, the famous spoiler alert,
 chest bursting scene.
 The actors weren't told about it beforehand.
 And I think I've read a bit more, I think they were told, but not in detail.
 They weren't told exactly how horrible it was going to be.
 And they did use four cameras for the take.
 So they got to see the real sort of horror on the face of the actors reacting.
 Well, there's another one at the Alien movie,
 which is that they needed a shot of a cat looking scared.
 Apparently, it wasn't scary enough for someone in an alien costume to be there.
 So what they had was they had a screen down with the cat sitting there as the camera's filming it.
 Lifted the screen and there was a dog sitting there.
 And they didn't tell the cat that it was going to be a dog.
 That's kind of insulting to the cat saying that he can't act properly.
 Yeah, it's true.
 The exorcist wouldn't have been written if he weren't for Groucho Marx.
 Really?
 Who wrote it?
 Yeah, in a little in fact.
 Actually, the guy who did write it only ever written comedy before.
 And then wrote the artist.
 But he's so he's called William Blassie.
 And he went on this show called You Bet Your Life,
 which was hosted by Groucho Marx.
 And he won $10,000, which allowed him to take some time off.
 More grueling work on right now.
 Oh, that's cool.
 That's great.
 Yeah.
 Harper Lee, who wrote to Kill a Mockingbird,
 worked on an airline booking desk.
 Maybe she was sort of managing an airline booking outfit.
 And then she was given a sabbatical by her employers.
 And that's when she wrote to Kill a Mockingbird.
 Wasn't Kafka just a clerk and then he just used to go home and write and stuff like that?
 I always love that idea of these great writers actually doing other normal jobs.
 You're writing an expert time.
 There's a thing in the latest fact book we've just done,
 which is that there are 500 references to Geoffrey Chaucer in his lifetime,
 which is a huge number for someone living in that time.
 Yeah.
 Not one of them says that he's a writer.
 It's always other stuff.
 He was a spy, wasn't he, or something?
 What do you think, sir?
 Oh, he's a good one, then.
 I did not get.
 You haven't read the spies tale.
 Jack Nicholson was a firefighter and in the shining,
 when there's that really famous scene in the shining if you've seen it,
 where he has to hack down the door with an axe.
 The prop skies originally made a prop door that was really easy to hack down
 and because even a firefighter, he hacked it down too easily.
 So they had to get an actual door put in for him to hack down.
 Oh, because he was too--
 Because he was too good.
 Supermanly and strong.
 Wow.
 And that's cool.
 What a cool guy.
 I have a thing about ET.
 ET was originally conceived of as a horror movie.
 What's it?
 Yeah.
 It was after Close Encounters of the Third Kind.
 Spielberg wanted to do more alien stuff.
 But he wanted to do something darker and more threatening than Close Encounters.
 And so he commissioned a script and it featured aliens who could kill you
 just with one long, bony finger.
 Remember ET's finger.
 And they made a load of prototypes of the models of it.
 And they basically look like evil ET's.
 You know how in Gremlins, the bad Marguerite look a bit like the good one.
 That's basically--
 And then did they realize that Drew Bimel was incapable of doing the requisite scared face?
 So they had to change it.
 So Steven Spielberg came in and said animals are being attacked every time.
 Yeah.
 Can I tell you one quick thing about exorcisms?
 Please do.
 I know we're going to move on shortly.
 But so this is the thing, the Catholic Church still has 5 or 600 exorcists, official ones.
 One of them, Gabrielle Amorth, is the kingpin of them.
 He's supposedly done 100,000, used to do 20 a day.
 Wow.
 20 a day.
 Yeah, but they--
 That's a lot, isn't it?
 Yeah, but you can rattle through them quite a lot.
 They're easier than you think.
 Yeah.
 No.
 They are.
 Katie Brand, the comedian.
 She used to do them.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 Yeah, Katie Brand used to be a part of a church.
 And one of the things that she used to do was demon exercising.
 She used to do the hand down the throat version.
 Oh, is it?
 I think it was more--
 Is it the book and the--
 What do you have?
 I think you just--
 The bell and the bell, book and candle.
 Yeah, I think also it's a lot of yelling.
 Like the power of Christ compels you.
 It's that sort of stuff.
 And people are talking in tongues.
 And yeah.
 Saint Hilarion could exercise up to 400 people at the same time.
 So I think you can do them ensemble.
 If you're very good, she also wants exercise to camel.
 It's amazing.
 So I just wanted to tell you one thing I found
 from an article about these exorcism conferences the church has.
 During the conference, the reverences are Tricui.
 An exorcist based in Switzerland recounted one experience
 he had aboard a Swiss air flight.
 Two lesbians, he said, had sat behind him on the plane.
 Soon afterwards, he said he felt Satan's presence.
 As he silently sought to repel the evil spirit through prayer,
 one of the women, he said, began growling demonically
 and threw chocolate at his head.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I'll be called demon, though.
 Asked how he knew the woman was possessed.
 He said, once you hear a satanic grow, you never forget it.
 It's like smelling margarita pizza for the first time.
 It's something you never forget.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Margarita pizza.
 Do you know what the first ever horror film was?
 Oh, yeah, it was in 1892.
 No, it wasn't.
 It was before that.
 It was a George Melias movie.
 It was like two minutes long, wasn't it?
 Yeah, it was about two minutes long.
 And he followed it up with another movie.
 So I think the first one was called The Haunted Castle.
 Second one was three minutes long.
 And everyone said, no, they've gone overboard this time.
 Yeah, there's--
 I thought I can't take it.
 So the second movie, this was The Plot.
 A man tries to go to sleep, but is disturbed
 by a giant bug climbing up the bed onto his wall.
 He attacks the bug with the broom and disposes of it
 in a chamber pot in a compartment of his bedside table.
 That was it.
 That's the second horror movie ever made.
 Third horror movie ever made was a remaking of the haunted hotel
 by George Raleigh and by another group of people.
 That's amazing.
 Yeah.
 And Nosferatu, that was the first version of Dracula.
 But the first movie to have the name Dracula on it
 was in the-- I believe in the '20s.
 They did this really interesting thing
 where they made Dracula in the daytime, the English version,
 and a Spanish film crew came in at night,
 used all the same sets and made a Spanish version of Dracula.
 So they made it in tandem, which seems like a really great idea.
 They were using the same sets, but they were using totally different.
 But also, it means that the whole of the British one
 has to be set during the daytime, which is probably
 not when Dracula or me came out at night.
 It doesn't get out much.
 So yeah, it's just a guy.
 He keeps intimating that he has a secret at night,
 but we never see him.
 The actor who played him, Bella Logosi.
 But he was buried in the cape that he wore in the Dracula movie.
 Let's see.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 It's just a nice little was the first time anyway.
 OK, time for the final facts of the show.
 James.
 OK, my fact is that the secret of youth
 is drinking youngsters blood.
 Great thing to be condoning on our podcast.
 We should also mention that Anna's two priests
 are some youngsters for James, but you're worried.
 Open brackets, if you're a mouse, close brackets.
 And they're also mice, so I should have said that.
 So these are some studies done quite recently
 where they've transplanted young mice blood into older mice.
 And they've reversed some of the signs of aging in these mice.
 What signs?
 They stop being racist and stuff.
 That's amazing.
 Yes, no, it is amazing.
 They're not quite sure why.
 They think this might be some compounds in there which help you.
 But it's like muscle mass.
 It's the brain tissue.
 It's all sorts of things.
 Wow.
 Probably what work in humans, just for a disclaimer.
 But worth a try.
 Because of the ethics committee or--
 Well, I mean, you couldn't really do it, could you?
 But I don't think there's any evidence that it works in humans.
 Very good.
 I'll do it.
 Yeah, you're younger than me.
 Yep.
 Oh, no, don't.
 Remember, there was the theory that the queen mother
 was constantly having--
 No, I've not heard that theory.
 Get out.
 Of course you've heard that.
 No, I really haven't.
 And remember, we move in different circles too.
 No, there was the big--
 Dan moves in different crop circles to us.
 It was the big thing that the queen--
 the queen mother, the reason she was able to stay old
 and alive, alive being the main one,
 was that she used to have blood of the young.
 I don't know.
 I genuinely never heard that.
 I don't know.
 I don't think any normal people have.
 Well, the queen mother, there is a headline from the telegraph.
 Queen mother is given eight hour blood transfusion,
 which is when she was 101.
 But it was to help her recover from anemia, which she had.
 She wasn't personally biting into the necks of youngsters.
 Yeah, it was a medical procedure.
 You're looking on the wrong site mate,
 because DavidIke.com literally says--
 People did used to try blood transfusions.
 Doctors didn't know before.
 It was in any way a safer sense of what
 they were doing for weird stuff.
 I think Louis the 14th personal physician.
 Jean-Baptiste Dene used to do blood transfusions
 to various people for various things.
 Infuse the same guy with coughs blood twice,
 because he was suffering from a mental illness.
 And he had various symptoms after this,
 like vomiting, passing, black urine, et cetera.
 But for some reason, he agreed to a third attempt,
 at which point he died from the blood transfusion,
 because obviously it was incredibly unsafe in those days.
 And he didn't know about blood types and stuff.
 No, no.
 But it turned out-- so then he was accused of killing the guy.
 And then they've tested his blood since the guy who died.
 And it's turned out that he was poisoned by arsenic,
 probably murdered by his wife, who obviously
 saw an opportunity.
 Oh, yeah.
 Before we get this blamed on that doctor, man.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 The first documented case of any kind of transfusion
 was by Pope Innocent the 8th.
 He was a 15th century pope.
 He was supposedly given the board of three 10-year-old boys.
 But he took it by mouth.
 He didn't transfuse it into his blood.
 Wrang the blood.
 Yeah.
 And also, it's not that maybe it's not true.
 And it's just like empty papal hysteria.
 But that's the first written evidence
 we have of anyone taking someone else's blood.
 Pope's name, Pope Innocent, making a suggestion.
 That's not an anti-papal name, is it?
 Pope guilty, they call them Pope guilty.
 In really witty circles.
 I do mix in those witty circles.
 James is a joke writer for the Protestant society.
 I've read a bit more about this mouse experiment.
 So the young mice that they did the experiment
 with were three months old.
 The elderly mice were 18 months old.
 I don't think that's quite a sweet.
 Completely to crap it.
 But they did it partly by stitching together
 their circulatory systems, which is an extraordinary idea.
 And then after the experiment, the mice who had been treated,
 the elderly mice who had been treated,
 remembered how to find a hidden resting platform
 in a water maze better than the control group.
 And this is the maze they'll use for mice these days.
 I don't know if you know this.
 It's not like the Hampton Court maze anymore.
 It's basically a lot smaller these days.
 It's just way too big.
 No, but the standard mouse test these days
 is either a T-shape or a Y-shape,
 or it's a tub of milky water with a platform hidden
 somewhere under the surface.
 And they put the mouse in it, and it has to swim desperately
 around until it can find the platform.
 That's easy.
 Well, it remembers it.
 It sounds easy to you.
 Much easier than Hampton Court.
 It's much easier than Hampton Court.
 It's smaller.
 Yeah.
 Anyway, animals that drink blood, a tick can drink 600 times
 its own body weight in blood in one sitting.
 Oh, really?
 And so it's back blows up to, it looked like a balloon.
 It's great.
 Oh, yeah.
 There's also a bird that drinks blood.
 Vampire finches have evolved in the Galapagos Islands
 because it's quite tough climate out there for them to survive.
 And they've worked out that they can
 pick the backs of other birds, of booby birds,
 apparently, and they can get this a blood out of their eyes.
 But the interesting thing is, is that they don't mind.
 Yeah, they don't.
 The booby birds just sit there, and they're kind of just
 mine.
 They think that either they don't react
 because there are a lot of the finches,
 so they might be swarmed by the finches.
 So they've worked out that they're going to be killed by the marfict.
 Oh, yeah, they're sitting there hating it.
 And they're just saying to each other, just leave it.
 Just leave it.
 It's not worth it, Gary.
 It's not worth it.
 So this is cool.
 So while we're on vampire animals, vampire bats, obviously.
 Well, there's the common vampire bat.
 Then there's the hairy-legged vampire bat
 and the white-winged vampire bat.
 And the white-winged one, they feed on birds and mammals.
 The trick for getting chickens is, they will approach a hen,
 and they'll mimic a chick by nuzzling up to her brood patch,
 which is a bit of a skin on her underside,
 which she uses to transfer heat to the eggs, as she nests.
 And the hen sometimes thinks it's her baby cuddling up to her.
 And so she'll just sit on the bat, which then has all you can eat,
 boofay, because it's managed to trick the hen into thinking
 that it's a--
 Oh, gosh, yeah, maybe.
 It's a little freaky.
 That is.
 Bedbugs also drink blood, and young bedbugs are transparent.
 So the first meal they have turns them red.
 Oh, it's quite cool, isn't it?
 I really love that image.
 Headlouse mouth parts are transparent, as well.
 So you can see a little vein of blood going from a scalp
 into the headlouse.
 Oh, that's cool.
 Yeah, well, I remember in Australia, headlice,
 you'd always get headlice, because you were always
 in the bush and stuff.
 The school I went to, at least, we're constantly
 having to face that.
 Yeah, we always had headlice in school.
 That's because of schools and kids, not the bush.
 But yeah, they are quite see-through.
 You can see, yeah, you can see, I remember one falling
 out of my head once, and being like, wow, that's a donation.
 They just walk as well.
 They don't jump.
 There's normally children playing.
 And it has to be one head touching another.
 So if you have a group photo, obviously,
 it's spread like wildfire.
 But it's--
 Also, the idea that they prefer clean hair to dirty hair
 is just they just like hair.
 How do they?
 Yeah, they're just like a place where
 they can grab on some hair and drink some blood.
 They don't care if it's dirty or--
 Right.
 It sounds like a room that was propagated by nine-year-olds.
 Recalcitrant nine-year-olds.
 What's weird, though, is that they just stay exclusively here.
 They stay in your head hair.
 Whereas pubic louse travel all over the body.
 You can get them in your eyebrows.
 You can get them in your eyelashes,
 but you don't get them in your hair.
 And they're two separate species,
 and they don't actually cross over--
 Yeah.
 --very odd.
 I've been reading a book.
 It's a book about parasites.
 And it says, if you have pubic lice in your eyelashes,
 you've probably done something to deserve that.
 It's probably been in the bush.
 [LAUGHTER]
 OK, that's it.
 That's all our facts.
 Thanks so much for listening to our Halloween special.
 If you want to get in contact with us
 about the things we've said in this podcast,
 you can get us all on @QIPodcast.
 Otherwise, you can get us individually
 on our other Twitter handles.
 I'm on @Tribaland.
 Andy.
 I'm Andrew Hunter-Em.
 James.
 @XshapedHanna.
 Can email podcast@QI.com.
 Or you can head over to QI.com/podcast,
 where we have all of our previous episodes up there
 for you to listen to.
 Otherwise, we're going to be back again next week
 with another edition of No Such Thing as A Fish.
 See you there.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 ♪ Do you hold on to me? ♪
 ♪ Do you hold on to me? ♪
 ♪ Do you hold on to me? ♪
 [ Music ]
