 Hi everyone, Dan here, welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish.
 Before we get started, we just want to let you know that we have now completed our run
 for the first series of our TV show No Such Thing as the News.
 If you missed it and you want to see it, head to No Such Thing as the News.com,
 where we have all of the episodes either on iPlayer for viewers in the UK
 or on YouTube for everyone who's international.
 Please watch them, we love making them, hopefully we'll get to make more.
 But in the meantime, here's another episode,
 and you'll notice James is away this week, he's in Transylvania, so we have,
 in his place, another QIL, Stephen Colgan.
 Steve's just actually published a book, it's called "Why Did The policeman Cross the Road?"
 How to solve problems before they arise.
 It's in bookshops now, it's an amazing book, it's all about his time when he was a police officer
 and all the problems he had to solve as a part of Scotland Yards Problem Solving Unit.
 How cool is that sound? Okay, that's it, on with this week's show.
 [Dance Music]
 Hello, and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast
 coming to you from the QIL offices in Covenant Garden.
 My name is Dan Shriver, I am sitting here with Annachosinski, Andy Murray, and Stephen Colgan.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts
 from the last seven days, and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with my fact, my fact this week is that heart surgeons now perform surgery
 while wearing 3D glasses.
 3D glasses, like the ones you get in the cinema.
 They're slightly more modern, but they are 3D glasses.
 To get other special effects as well, like, to someone blowing their faces while they're doing their final prayer bit of order.
 Then that's a 4D operating experience. That's true, yeah.
 The reason they do this is because with heart surgery, a lot of the way that they do heart surgery now
 is via camera going in, because they can't get into such delicate spots, so they have to watch it on a camera.
 And so it's really hard to know if you're further than you think you are, or if you're not close enough,
 it's just hard to get perception.
 So what they realize that they could do is by adding a 3D camera to the thing that goes into the body.
 You could then wear the 3D glasses, and you would have total immersive and proper experience of a 3D operation.
 It's insane.
 Plus you look awesome.
 These aren't the old red and green ones, are they?
 So they're slightly more modern, so yeah.
 I have been to the cinema to like to clarify since 2005.
 They said that, but even the ones in the cinema, they actually can reduce the brightness of the screen by up to 88%.
 So should they be able to light it quite well?
 Yeah, yeah. Well, maybe that's the modification.
 But when they used to do it with the 2D normal operations, it would take something like two hours longer or four hours longer,
 because it was so hard, you had to be so careful.
 And now with these glasses, they can do things at twice the speed.
 They have the time of what the operation should be.
 So it's just, yeah, it's amazing.
 Well, the whole 3D things are very interesting area anyway, because a few years ago hearing Andy Neiman go out about this,
 because Andy Neiman, the magician and Ratti, he's a huge fan of 3D movies.
 And he was saying that 3D was kind of brought into cinemas as a way of fighting back against new technologies,
 that the cinemas were worried that people would stop going to the cinemas.
 So like in the 1950s, it was because of the rise of television in the late 70s and early 80s,
 because of video coming along.
 And in the modern age, it was because of computers in the internet.
 And that's what I was saying. And people would go, oh my god, people aren't going to go to the cinema anymore.
 So 3D kept coming back as a gimmick over and over again.
 But now they spent so much money on the infrastructure, we can't get rid of it now.
 Wow. I didn't know that.
 It was kind of stuck with it, yeah.
 These people should have watched more knockoff DVDs and realized most of them,
 the sound is out of sync with the visions and it cuts off halfway through anyway.
 So cinemas are safe.
 Safe bet.
 Well, if you go to the cinema and you hate watching 3D movies,
 but you happen to be in a 3D movie,
 you can now buy and it's been for a while 2D glasses that turn a 3D movie back into 2D.
 So this is on.
 If you go to 2D-glasses.com, you can now buy these glasses.
 And it's basically the guy who invented them, his wife hated going to 3D movies.
 So he invented it so that she would still come to the movies, but get the 2D experience.
 Well, I was looking into this a bit more and looking at a few medical papers about this.
 And apparently there's 12% of people who can't see 3D anyway.
 Well, when they were in the glasses, yeah.
 Wow. Wow.
 Is that due to visual impairment?
 Yeah, well not impairment, it's just that the rods and cones and the eyes can pick it up very clearly.
 Wow. So these are people with 2020.
 Yeah, it's people who otherwise have got good vision.
 Amazing. The other thing is the rods and cones in your eyes, they discovered last year,
 your eyes actually do see 3D separately.
 So your eyes can actually see each eye, can actually see 3D on its own.
 What?
 When that's combined with parallax, which is where you're seeing it from two slightly different viewpoints from each eye,
 that gives you perfect 3D vision.
 So they don't reckon that the 3D vision that we see in cinemas is actually anywhere near as close to real 3D vision anyway.
 That's really amazing because we obviously just think the only reason we see 3D is because we've got two.
 Well that's the parallax thing, isn't it? You see things from two slightly different viewpoints.
 The brain superimposes them, but apparently each one of your eyes can actually detect 3D anyway on its own.
 Apparently there are three or four different things that come together to give us 3D vision.
 And a couple of those we've got anyway, because even if you shut one eye,
 you've still got a fairly good idea of how far things are away.
 It's only when things get close to your eye, like you're trying to thread a needle that it all goes completely to pot.
 Wow, yeah.
 So I was distracted because Anna was launching her hand into her own face.
 I was practicing my one eye 3D vision, and all it made me think is I'm really short-sighted in my left eye.
 I was looking into surgical innovations and things that surgeons are doing now that are improving medicine.
 And I've been corresponding with a couple of doctors who have told me amazing things.
 And I just wanted to mention them, they're called Peter Brindley at Martin Beat.
 Well no, this isn't about personal ailments or anything, is it?
 No, it's like, although they've assured me it will clear up in four to six weeks if I keep putting the ointment on.
 Okay, get this. To train surgeons, one thing you can do is simulate smells for them.
 Smells of particular things in an operating room.
 So there are cookbooks available online where you can cook up the smell of internal organs or cerebral spinal fluid,
 or whatever it might be to sort of train surgeons more effectively for when they actually get under operating.
 Wow, that's cool.
 Why is identifying a smell?
 Well, I don't think a smell is useful medically, is it?
 To identify a disease.
 So yeah, so a lot of people could diagnose while you're going.
 Oh, okay, you shut yourself.
 I was reading, there was an article on cracks written by a surgeon saying some secrets of the trade.
 And he was recounting, so he recounted two quite amusing things.
 One was that at one point a man woke up while he was restarting his heart because they'd have to give him,
 I think a dose of adrenaline to get his heart going and maybe it was too much the man woke up.
 And this surgeon said, "When he saw a resident elbow deep in his organs, he gave us the exact look,
 you picture somebody having when they wake up to find a stranger's hands inside their chest."
 We all know that, though.
 I was like, the position of a masterful.
 He looked at us exactly like we were doing the thing that we were doing.
 Yeah, I read a few articles about doctors revealing secrets about surgery and stuff.
 One weird one, I wish I wrote it down.
 This is just going from memory, but about how, with every surgery, if you're a man getting surgery,
 they have to hold and squeeze the penis just to make sure there's no urine in it.
 Dan, I think you've been had.
 If that's the excuse he gave you.
 Where were you at the time?
 If you weren't in a hospital, then he said he was a doctor.
 My mum's never going to consent to another general anesthetic, now she knows that's outrageous.
 Yeah, I don't know how they get it out of the ladies, actually.
 Yeah, that's true.
 We probably have a doctor to pick him up and take him away from him for the fact.
 I did read some stuff about, I mean, you talked about a keyhole surgery earlier.
 There have been a number of scientific papers, people looking at whether people playing video games
 give them skills that will make them better surgeons in the future.
 And there's one particular paper I was looking at, which was called "The Impact of
 Video Games on Training Surgeons in the 21st Century," which was kind of looking at all the
 existing papers that have been written on it and bringing all the data together.
 And apparently they found that current video game players made 32% fewer errors
 when they were involved in doing surgical work and performed 24% faster.
 It will be all that time spending in your bedroom.
 It could mean you're going to be a really good keyhole surgeon one day.
 Yeah, you're not allowed to be stoned when you perform surgery, though.
 So that's what I'll first of all.
 The worry about thing is cool, so there are surgeons who now perform operations routinely
 from like 400 kilometres away from their patients, aren't they?
 There's this guy called Mr. Tickle.
 Yeah, no, there's this guy called Mecharan Anvari, who does almost all of his operations
 on different continents, and he just does it.
 But you put this sort of console on your head.
 It looks like one of those things that, when women get their hair permed in hairdressers,
 it's like one of those and then you just control that and you're remotely controlling.
 Exactly.
 But there was one, so I think the most used one is the DaVinci surgical system,
 and that's used in about 200,000 operations worldwide.
 And it's a virtual reality thing.
 So you stick your head in a console and you can be in a different room,
 but your voice will blast into the patient's room while you're on the surgery.
 So you can tell the nurse is what to do.
 Oh, blast clip.
 This is the voice of the surgeon.
 Well, one doctor said, I've heard one surgeon get carried away while doing this in shout.
 I'm Conan the fucking barbarian.
 Okay, it is time to move on to fact number two, and that is Steve.
 Okay, my fact is that one day we may all be drinking pigeon milk.
 First of all, I should say that pigeon milk isn't milk like we get from cows,
 because birds can't lactate.
 It's actually produced in the bird's crop, a little space between the throat and the stomach,
 where birds will store food, sometimes to soften it up before swallowing.
 But sometimes, if they're looking after young, they can keep food in to regurgitate to the young later.
 And there are some species of bird pigeons are one of them that actually can make
 a kind of secretion in that crop to feed the young birds.
 And they generally do it when the birds are first hatched.
 It's a bit like, you know, in humans, you get colostrum.
 You get the stuff that mother first produces when babies are born.
 And it allows the baby to put on weight very quickly, and it also feeds their immune system.
 Well, this stuff does the same job, and they reckon it's part of the reason
 that pigeons are able to survive so well in cities.
 So is this why we're going to be drinking it?
 We need to survive in cities.
 What they're saying is that they might be able to switch on some parts of the DNA in pigeon milk,
 and put it into other animals milk that we do drink,
 which means that milk won't taste any different, but it'll actually boost our immune system.
 Oh, okay.
 So they sort of secrete it, don't they, pigeons, from the crop?
 It's like curd, is she like?
 Yeah, it's like cottage cheese, texture, isn't it?
 Yeah, that's a pretty thick secretion.
 Yeah, well here it is.
 Because the crop is sort of lined with these cells which are full of fat,
 and those are the cells which extrude this milk.
 Oh, okay, right.
 Yeah, so I was looking into birds which produce milk.
 You've got pigeons, where both sexes can do it.
 You've got flamingos, where both sexes can do it, and you've got penguins.
 Emperor penguins, only the males produce milk.
 Oh, wow, a feminist society.
 Basically, yeah.
 But I was looking into the flamingo milk because I thought that sounds like a cool thing.
 And it turns out flamingo milk also pink.
 Oh, yes, I was so hoping you were going to say that.
 So there's been a load of studies done, especially at Exeter University by guy called Paul Rose.
 Everything is pink.
 Okay, so we all know flamingos pink, but the milk is pink.
 The inside of a flamingo's egg is pink.
 The egg yolk of a flamingo egg is pink.
 The skin is pink.
 When they get the breeding season, they decide how they're going to have sex.
 They're all hanging around together.
 And one of them goes deep pink, he sort of flushes.
 And if all the other birds start to go pink, they all start breeding.
 So going pink is a way of saying I'm ready to meet with you.
 Yeah, and presumably it just depends how attractive the flamingo that's gone pink is.
 Yeah.
 Because either all of them do it or only one or two of them do it, and then they feel embarrassed.
 Okay.
 So the reason they're pink is that they eat the algae and the little shrimp things which are pink.
 So this is a whole species that goes around thinking it's a colour that it's not.
 Yeah, and it's just because they've got a weird diet.
 Yeah, yeah.
 It's a one day they'll just have a new food taste or that bacterial diet out.
 And then they'll go back to their normal colour and be like, what?
 Yeah.
 Why aren't we eating flamingo eggs with pink yolk every day?
 Because it's harder to store flamingos than it is to store chickens.
 Because you just need slightly taller...
 Taller-coote buildings.
 That's it.
 You could just drill a hole in the top for the head to poke out.
 You're getting trouble for that.
 Oh, one shop.
 It was either...
 I can't remember.
 Maybe it was M&S.
 They sold recently double yolk eggs.
 Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 There's about one egg in a thousand, has two yolks out.
 I've never had.
 How did they find out where they're opening it?
 I think they can scan them and detect two yolks.
 That's very good.
 You say, wow, as if that's the most advanced technology you've ever heard.
 They can just use an X-ray camera to see inside an egg.
 No, I just thought it's a lot of effort, isn't it?
 To buy the scanning machine, to buy the eggs.
 Absolutely.
 To give away...
 To throw away the other eggs.
 I don't think so.
 That was 99 eggs, was smashed.
 You should throw the rest away.
 Back to pigeons very quickly.
 There's a theory that pigeons killed a lot of Tyrannosaurus rexes.
 The only issue with the pigeon is it needed to die in order to kill the T-Rex.
 And that was to be eaten by the T-Rex.
 Paleontologist called Dr. Steve Salisbury,
 University of Queensland, has been looking into it.
 And he says that, basically, they have evidence of avian infectious disease and dinosaurs.
 And they noticed it in the back of their jaws,
 these little holes in the back of their jaws,
 which could only have got there by eating something.
 And so pigeons could carry this disease, but they were immune to it.
 And so the T-Rexes were eating pigeons, which is an amazing image.
 If you think, I mean, I didn't know how far back pigeons went,
 but the disease would then carry through to their jaw.
 And that would be a bacterial infection that just destroyed them.
 Wow.
 That's very cool.
 Everything killed the dinosaurs, didn't it?
 I'm amazed that they survived so long.
 Apparently it's like an earthquake, a great global event.
 They all drowned.
 A pigeon.
 A Martian invasions.
 Mocking.
 It's true.
 Have you ever seen, I mean, people always say,
 you know, you never see baby pigeons.
 Well, there is a good reason for that because they stay in the nest a lot longer.
 They don't fled journey like a lot of other birds.
 They stay in their for ages, saying feed me.
 But if you ever see one in a nest,
 it looks remarkably like a dodo.
 It's got this huge, really.
 Well, dodo's are the closest known relations.
 What?
 Dodo's are pigeons.
 Dodo's are pigeons.
 Yeah.
 I have learnt so much in the same thing.
 They can fly, they do backward somersaults pigeons and no one knows why.
 Is this in the, it's in the hair or on a branch?
 In the air.
 So there's a pigeon called a Birmingham roller,
 which is called that because it does this rolling.
 And yeah, we don't know why,
 but it seems like they might just do it because they like it.
 And one of the reasons we think they might like it is because
 before they do the somersault when they're in the air,
 apparently they engage in arching, frequent arching and wing clapping.
 They just start clapping their wings together and excitement
 at the fact that they're about to do an awesome trick.
 Of course they pre-applaud their efforts.
 Yeah, get it going, guys.
 Get the floors going.
 No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three.
 And that is Chazinski.
 My fact this week is that books used to be stacked
 with the spines facing in woods.
 That's amazing.
 It's so ridiculous.
 It's so weird.
 It's just so weird that this is more widely known.
 So the reason this happened, which is really interesting.
 And I learned this when I discovered a book called
 "The Book on the Bookshelf" by Henry Petrosky.
 He found out that they did this because books were incredibly precious
 back in medieval times.
 Almost always the last thing you would do to a book after you'd found it
 is send it to a jeweler and a goldsmith to get it all decorated.
 They had lots of like really precious diamonds and jewels on them.
 Book chazzled.
 Book chazzled, exactly.
 So they were really precious.
 And so then they were always chained.
 Or they were usually chained to the shelves where they were stored.
 And they'd usually be in monasteries.
 It was mainly kind of monks who had books.
 And obviously it's easier to chain a book to a bookshelf or a cupboard
 if you're doing it via the spine.
 Because you can just put the chain through the spine.
 Oh yeah, yeah.
 And so that's how they attached them.
 See, I kind of assumed it was something to do with fading
 or something like that.
 Because I've got some quite old books at home.
 And the spine is much more faded than the actual front and backpapers are.
 Oh really?
 Because the spines were sort of the least desirable part.
 They were almost something you should hide like the hinge of a door.
 Yeah, it's sort of philosophical.
 But Trosky says that shelving books with the spines in was must have seemed
 as natural and appropriate a thing to do as to put the winding machinery of a clock
 toward the wall or behind a door.
 Cool, but still a nightmare trying to find a book in a library.
 Yeah, and you can imagine it just walking in there.
 Just face to it with all the pages.
 Yeah, I see that.
 Okay, there is a library in Dublin called Marsh's Library.
 Yeah.
 It's a really early public library.
 And they don't have chained books because chain books is obviously to keep them safe
 just in case people want to just connect them or anything.
 So they don't have chain books.
 But they do have cages which you have to sit in if you want to read certain books.
 What?
 Wow.
 And they're really nice cages.
 I mean, they're not what you're picturing.
 But they are sections of the library little alcos with girls across them
 and you get sort of shot in there with the really precious books.
 What's so you're like a zoo animal?
 People can observe what a human reading looks like.
 Yeah, cage reading.
 cage reading.
 The next extreme sport.
 I was looking into libraries generally when I was researching this topic
 because old libraries are really fascinating.
 The systems that they used to run by.
 And I was reading about, and this is from the independent
 about how the New York Public Library has unearthed this huge file
 of questions submitted to them by members of the public.
 So before the internet, before Google, where would you get your information?
 If you needed it immediately, you would go to your library
 and you would submit a question and have them answer it for you.
 And the librarian would go off and look for it and either call you back
 or just next time you're in, give you the answer.
 And they published some of their favorite questions.
 So they include, why do the 18th century English paintings
 have so many squirrels on them?
 And how did they tame them so they wouldn't bite the painter?
 So that was from 1976.
 And they have it on a little card that they've counted.
 1976 as far as that drug you.
 Yeah, from 1956, what kind of apple did Eve eat?
 And then this telephone call, mid afternoon, New Year's Day, 1967.
 I have two questions.
 The first is a sort of an etiquette one.
 I went to a New Year's Eve party and unexpectedly stayed over.
 I don't really know the hosts.
 Or to I to send a thank you note.
 Second, when you meet a fellow and you know he's worth $27 million
 because that's what they told me, $27 million.
 And you know his nationality.
 How do you find out his name?
 You can see why she was desperate to track that guy down again.
 Yeah, I'll start with a thank you note, actually.
 And I'd say, by the way, the man wearing the gold suit from last night,
 what was his name?
 So 1976, you're saying, wow, as far as then,
 people still sending in questions.
 The library, the New York Public Library,
 have said that they still get 1,700 questions a month to take.
 Wow, so they are the original Google, right?
 Librarians are the original Google.
 And now it's kind of exactly the same situation as black cabs and Uber, I think, isn't it?
 So now, presumably, librarians just can say Google it
 and they're putting these old school knowledgeable ones out of business.
 Just like the way that cabbies now will say, just Uber it.
 So this is the thing, you were talking about old libraries, Dan.
 So in very early monasteries and libraries and places where books were extremely
 precious, right?
 Some places had a system where the librarian has a key, right?
 And all the books are kept in trunks.
 You know, he's great big trunks.
 But there are also two other locks and there are two other keys.
 And you have to have all three people present, all three librarians,
 for someone to borrow a book.
 Wow, what a crown jewel!
 There's so valuable.
 And then there's a ritual of book return as well.
 So I'm quoting here,
 the librarian shall read the statement as to the manner in which brethren
 have had books during the past year, as a monastery.
 As each brother hears his name pronounced, he is to give back the book
 which had been entrusted to him for reading.
 And he, whose conscience accuses him of not having read the book
 through which he had received,
 is to fall on his face, confess his fault, and in treat forgiveness.
 And I think that's right for return to libraries.
 Absolutely.
 A little powerful and a fine, isn't it?
 I did find out what the biggest fine-waver was for a library book.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah, surprisingly modest actually.
 It was $345.14.
 What?
 That was a lot, isn't it?
 But it was a two cents a day for a poetry book, Days and Deeds,
 which was booked out of the Kennewee Public Library in Illinois in 1955.
 And they found it in her house 47 years later.
 Wow.
 But 47 years, only accrued $345, which in current money is about $200 and 3 quid.
 That's good to know.
 So surprisingly modest.
 Do you know someone who was responsible for a cool bit of book innovation
 as then in the way we see books?
 It was Lewis Carroll.
 Really?
 Yeah, so in 1876 he wrote to his publisher saying,
 "Guys, could you please put the name of the book on the outside on the dust jacket?"
 Really?
 Yeah, so dust jacket, this is a really interesting thing.
 You used to not have dust jackets on books at all,
 and then you developed really nice bindings, like Hannah says,
 and you would then have a dust jacket to protect against the dust,
 but it was plain, and you just throw it away once you'd opened the book.
 It was just unnecessary packaging.
 And then they started having transparent dust jackets,
 so you could see a bit of the spine.
 And then eventually people started drawing on the dust jackets,
 and they started in about the 1830s.
 And in 1876 Lewis Carroll had to ask his publishers,
 though, "Can you put the name of the book on the spine of the dust jacket?"
 So it was still not widespread, even then, I think.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 People often say that he invented putting the name of the book on the spine.
 I don't know if that's true.
 People often say, "This is a good idea on 19th century figures and books."
 So Humphrey Davey, who's an extremely famous chemist,
 who we've talked about before, who discovered a bunch of metals, famous metals,
 and who is important in electricity and battery making,
 he never wanted to waste time by being tempted to read the same book again.
 So every time he finished a book, he destroyed it.
 He mutilated it, so he would never be tempted to go back and reread it.
 Whoa.
 Did you do it as you read?
 Repaid, did he tear off?
 I'm never reading this again.
 And then he gets to, "Wait, who was that character?"
 That's amazing.
 Okay, it is time for a final fact of the show, and that is Andy.
 My fact is that in May, an internal memo by the Egyptian government
 on how to crush the press was accidentally sent out to the press.
 It's so pleasing.
 So Egypt is a very repressive government,
 and they're constantly arresting journalists and things like that.
 And they, in May, sent out memos to journalists
 from the Ministry's official email account
 about how to counter this news media campaign,
 which was saying, by the way, the government keep arresting journalists,
 and they were saying, "Oh, well, we can stop all coverage related to this."
 We can undermine the credibility of the journalist union,
 and we can monitor news websites around the clock with more staff.
 And it was basically this whole series of measures
 designed to shut down the press.
 And then they put it out as a press release, basically.
 Oh, my God, I'm fantastic.
 Yeah, and I got this from a report in the economist
 about press freedom and loads and loads of it not happening.
 It's a world all over the world.
 So lots of people are being arrested.
 There was someone in Thailand who was prosecuted recently
 for being sarcastic about the king's dog.
 Wow.
 Yeah, really?
 Yeah, yeah.
 It's quite hard to prove sarcasm.
 It's one of that, because you can always just say I was being genuine.
 Yep.
 Or you can say, "Oh, yeah, I was being really genuine."
 I think you will still get locked up, of course.
 It's worth a try.
 My favorite thing that's happened recently
 in terms of freedom of expression
 and people getting oppressed for, for instance, satirising.
 Leaders is your favorite impression story.
 I'm really big into those, yeah.
 No, that's not true.
 No, my favorite thing that's happened along these lines
 was in December 2015 in Turkey
 when a Turkish guy was on trial
 and he'd been accused of insulting the president again
 because he compared him to Golem from Lord of the Rings.
 And the trial had to be adjourned
 because it turned out that the judge on trial
 hadn't read Lord of the Rings.
 And so it was impossible to assert
 whether or not this was an insult.
 And in the end, they had to call in five experts
 to deduce whether or not comparing
 the president to Golem was an insulting thing to do
 and to decide whether or not Golem was an evil character
 or a good character.
 Completely five as well.
 What did you show the film?
 No, because it takes...
 Because they needed the experts to interpret it.
 So they had two academics, two psychologists
 and a movie/television expert.
 Marker mode.
 Eventually Peter Jackson got involved.
 He released a statement or he tweeted
 saying that actually it shouldn't have been seen as insulting
 because smegel in fact, which is who was depicted in the satire,
 it was a very good character, a lovable and honest guy
 who should never be confused with Golem.
 So he got his aura in?
 Swing it in favour of the defendant?
 I think it was concluded at the end of the trial
 that it's not insulting to compare someone to Golem.
 Oh good.
 Well, we can say that President Erdogan is exactly like Golem then, can't we?
 And we can't do that because in Germany, for example,
 a poet wrote a poem about saying
 that President Erdogan has sex with goats
 and has been arrested.
 And I think is awaiting charges now.
 Because there are laws against insulting foreign heads of state.
 There's a huge thing across Europe as well.
 So in Iceland, I think you can get up to six years in prison.
 I mean, something insane like that.
 Well, for insulting, not your own head of state,
 but a foreign head of state.
 Yeah, that is mad.
 Well, they have to call in people to decide whether it's offensive
 to say someone has sex with goats.
 I don't know, yeah, I think five.
 There was quite a big international incident
 of an insult that was done recently
 between the president of Argentina and Pope Francis.
 And basically, the president of Argentina
 made a huge charitable donation towards a cause
 that Pope Francis had set up and been talking about.
 The amount that this guy gave was 16,666,000 pesos,
 which is roughly just under $1.2 million American dollars.
 But it contained the number 666 in it.
 And the Pope was convinced that that was a deliberate move by him.
 To sort of insult him and sort of undermine him.
 So he rejected the charitable donation.
 Well, it contained the number.
 So it was like 16,666,666 right there.
 I think we've done on QI.
 That it's not 66661616.
 Although it is just about possible
 that the Pope isn't an avid QI fan.
 He's going to feel like a fool when he gets that clax.
 As he's watching the show.
 I'm quite fond of gaps with politicians.
 It was a great one in 2013 when the Australian opposition leader, Tony Abbott,
 was criticizing the Prime Minister, Kevin Rudd, and said,
 "No one, however smart, however well educated, however experienced,
 is the suppository of all wisdom."
 I can't handle that one.
 I'm sorry, yes.
 Do you know that George Bush senior,
 when he was president, threw up on the Japanese Prime Minister?
 I mean, he did have an intestinal flu at the time, or so he claimed.
 But what was really funny is that it actually became a phrase for vomiting in Japanese,
 it's just going to do a bush, or Bushu-Zuru.
 He's to do a bush.
 He's to throw up.
 He's to throw up.
 I love you say that he had an intestinal problem, or so he claimed.
 So this suggestion is he might have just managed to bring voluntary vomit out of his mouth.
 To insult Japanese Prime Minister.
 Is that what we're saying?
 Finger down the throat, excuse me.
 Do you see one as well recently?
 This is quite a big gap.
 Queen's Honours list this year, a lot of amazing people on it,
 and they included by accident two serving soldiers from the SAS.
 They released their names.
 They're still active, and it's the first time ever that that's happened.
 Yeah, and so they had to immediately delete it.
 And the newspapers have been quite good.
 They've not published their names, but they were on there.
 Oh, wow.
 We're here to reveal that.
 James Harker.
 Mark Kamo.
 That was a bit like, in 2003, there was a schoolgirl in Devon called Clem McDonald.
 She was 15, and she suddenly started getting emails from the Pentagon.
 And she got about 11 emails a week.
 They were full of state secrets, they came from a Ministry of Defence.
 They came from the Pentagon.
 They detailed various things like communications problems on British warships.
 New Zealand's Defence Strategy.
 One of them actually had details for how to avoid leaks from the secret service department.
 Tips on how to avoid leaking information.
 And it turned out that there was a Navy commander who was supposed to distribute it to an email list and made a typo.
 And she was getting all these emails.
 She replied to them saying, "I really don't think this is meant for me.
 I'm a schoolgirl from Devon."
 Her no response.
 She just kept on receiving them.
 And eventually-
 I hope we're at this weekend.
 Schoolgirl from Devon.
 Yes, we're all schoolgirls from Devon.
 Okay, that's it.
 That's all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things
 that we have said over the course of this podcast,
 we can all be found on Twitter.
 I'm on @ShriverLand.
 Andy.
 @AndryHunterM.
 Steve.
 @StevenKolgan.
 Chazinski.
 You can email podcast@ky.com.
 Yep, or you can go to our group Twitter account, which is @kypodcast.
 And also go to nosuchthing as a fish.com where we have all of our previous episodes.
 And also why not go to nosuchthing as the news.com, which has all of our previous TV episodes.
 We will be back again next week with another episode.
 Do go out and buy Steve's new book,
 Why the Policeman Cross the Road.
 And we will see you again for another episode.
 Next Friday, goodbye.
 [MUSIC]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
