 [Music]
 Hi everyone, welcome to this week's episode of No Such Thing as a Fish!
 Before we start, a little bit of news that is very important to Anna and I, and
 that is that our new book is finally out in
 paperback! Woohoo! I know that might not seem like a big deal to you,
 but honestly this is a real chance for us to get more people
 reading this book. One very interesting thing to say is
 that the book has had a name change. What used to be called
 "Everything to Play For" is now called "A Load of Old
 Balls - The QI History of Sport" by James Harkin and Anna Tyshinski. A lot of people
 have said to us, "Why did you not call it that in the first place?"
 I'm not sure if they're being rude, I hope not, because it is a book
 full of the most interesting facts and stories about sport you can possibly
 imagine. Even if you're not into sport, probably this
 summer you will notice that everyone's off watching the Euros, everyone's off
 watching the Olympics. Perhaps you don't really have much to say
 to those people when it comes up at a dinner party,
 we'll read our book and you will be the pinnacle of all sporting knowledge and
 all quite interesting sporting knowledge at that. As you imagine from me and Anna,
 it's just full of silly stories, fun facts. We spent so much time doing loads of
 in-depth research in there that even if you are the kind of person who's
 watching every single sporting event this summer, there will be loads of stuff
 in there that you didn't know. So if you go to anywhere where you would
 normally buy your books, then look for a load of old balls,
 the QI History of Sport or search for our names, James Harkin and Anna
 Tyshinski and you will find that book. Please do buy it, it would
 mean the world to us if you did. Of course we're going on tour, don't forget
 that people in Scotland, Wales, England, Ireland, New Zealand, Australia
 do get your tickets very very soon. A lot of them are sold out. I know we've got
 quite a few tickets left for the Scottish Dates in Edinburgh
 and Glasgow and I think quite a few for the show in Cardiff.
 So if you're in any of those cities then do get your tickets
 but actually you know go to gnosisthingsthefish.com/live and you will
 see all of the dates where we're playing and hopefully one of them will be
 near you. Okay not much more to say apart from
 on with the podcast.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast
 coming to you from the QI offices in Hoburn. My name is Dan Shriver and
 sitting here with Andrew Hunter Murray, Anna Tyshinski and James Harkin and
 once again we have gathered around the microphones with our four favourite
 facts from the last seven days and in no particular order
 here we go. Starting with fact number one and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that snooker games on cruise ships
 are sometimes played with flat balls.
 Are we talking about the balls on the table, are they?
 The men playing. Yeah this is this is obvious when you think about it.
 Oh it's so obvious. It's so obvious when you think about it. I don't really know
 how you could place a nooker on a cruise ship with a ball-shaped ball
 actually on a rough cruise ship. We'll get to that in a
 sec because you can and there's a pretty awesome way that you do that but
 this I got from a book that's written by an Australian comedian called Hung Lee.
 It's called The Crappiest Refugee. He tells the story of
 from immigrant boat to cruise ship comedian. Anyway he wrote this book and
 inside the book he mentions that he's seeing a bunch of guys playing on a
 pool table or a snooker table and they are hitting with puck-like objects
 because obviously in the rough seas the balls are going to be rolling around
 and so there will be cruise ships out there that have these tables on them.
 And the idea I think is like you know air hockey, it's those kind of like
 puck things, isn't it? Exactly. Now to your point Anna,
 a modern day cruise ship does have pool tables or snooker tables,
 billiards, but they use gyroscopic technology.
 What? So it's amazing. No. It's honestly I've watched videos of it online.
 It's so cool because basically while the rest of the ship is moving
 the pool table isn't. That's insane. That's the top of the pool table.
 That's a high-end cruise ship. It is incredible.
 I've read stories of people finding it so fascinating that like staring to fire
 sometimes people will just go and sit and watch it as it doesn't sway.
 There's even stories of crew members that when they get particularly sick
 they'll go and sleep on the pool table because the seasickness is getting to
 them. It's not moving so you can have a restful night.
 Which begs the question, why isn't every bed on a boat gyroscopic?
 Probably price. Cost. Yeah.
 How good is the correction mechanism? Like if you have a Titanic situation
 how long can you continue with your game of snooker?
 So it goes vertical. I see that.
 So I met someone who was a dancer on cruise ships for a while.
 This sounds like a good anecdote.
 She did the musicals because they often have a theatre on board and
 sometimes a show and she said that the most difficult one she'd ever done
 was Starlight Express where you're on roller skates.
 She said in rough weather you would set off across the stage and you didn't
 know how soon you were going to arrive because it might be that you caught
 the ship moved with you and suddenly you're there for half a second
 or you're going against it and you just roll backwards.
 So yeah snooker. It's a good sport. Mostly not played at sea.
 Largely it's a land-based game isn't it? A land lovers game.
 I did watch a tiktok yesterday just coincidentally of people playing on the
 beach that looked really cool. Snooker.
 It was pool actually but they kind of dug holes
 for the pockets and then we just hit the bowls. Oh so they played on actual sand?
 Yeah yeah. There's no facts to this but it did look pretty cool.
 I'm amazed that snooker in any form has made it to tiktok because snooker is
 famously quite a long game to watch. Tiktok is not a long format.
 Andy honestly if you could see my tiktok it's just snooker, golf, cricket.
 It's the dullest tiktok because he just suggests things that you like doesn't
 it and it just works out what you like. I reckon if you were on tiktok which I
 bet you're not but you would just get moss video after moss video.
 Yeah that sounds very economic. It's amazing how it works.
 But it is very slow isn't it? It's all rather it takes a long time.
 You play lots of frames in the course of a match and it's interesting
 because for anyone who doesn't follow snooker only one person is playing at a time.
 That's weird. Will you play a frame right?
 Well no. You play until you mess up and then the other guy gets to have a go.
 But whoever your opponent is they have to stay in their chair.
 They just stay in their chair watching you and you could be playing for hours if
 you don't make a mistake. It's just psychological torture.
 Are there any other games which are like that where I know tennis you're only
 playing when your opponent is not playing. But usually it's quite soon before you're playing again
 isn't it? I don't know actually but that is one of the main things about snooker is the
 psychological angle of it. Although Ronnie O'Sullivan said he likes it
 obviously because he's always going to be um Ronnie O'Sullivan.
 Who's Ronnie O'Sullivan? I think he's a famous snooker player.
 I would say Ronnie O'Sullivan and Don Bradman are the only two people.
 I don't know what James thinks about this but who have excelled everyone else so
 much in their sport that it's like whoa. So Ronnie O'Sullivan is the best snooker player ever.
 And he hates the fact that it's so slow for instance because he's this
 mercurial crazy character with an amazing history and he likes snooker to be super fast.
 So I think he's got pretty much all the records for fastest break.
 But yeah he's amazing and he's got such an interesting history.
 His dad went to prison for murder when I think Ronnie was about 16.
 Yeah he was a millionaire though so even though his dad went to prison for murder
 he was from a very affluent background because his dad ran a lingerie shop or something like that.
 I believe he may have called them lingerie shops in the newspaper ads when I think they were sex
 shops. I mean potatoes and potatoes. You say potato I say vibrator.
 Yeah so I think some of the other snooker players who came from
 less affluent backgrounds kind of point to that and say you know we're working class but Ronnie
 actually was quite rich when he was growing up. Interesting because he was heavily embedded
 probably in that gang culture a bit. It was one of the Cray Brothers, the third Cray Brothers
 driver who he murdered in a nightclub I think. Oh sorry the third Cray Brother.
 Yeah I didn't know there was a third Cray but you hear about the Cray Twins.
 I know he was very much the... It's like the third Chuckle Brother.
 Yeah he and the third Cray Brother must have given each other a ride look sometimes across
 the Eastern clubs. They both have that picture of Bramwell Bronte in their house.
 Imagine a joke that has to craze the Chuckle Brothers and Bramwell Bronte in it.
 We've got the Jonas Brothers as well. They've got the extra brother who's called Bonus Jonas
 who is the one that just isn't in the band and does his own thing all the time.
 Bonus Jonas. Snooker's got fairly sort of poshish sort of foundations doesn't it because it was
 invented by supposedly, this is the big story, by Neville Chamberlain, not the Prime Minister,
 but apparently a cousin. The reports are a bit dodgy but apparently he was in India in the 1800s
 and he basically incorporated two existing games. There was one called Blackpool and there was
 another which was called Pyramid and so one was played entirely with red balls and that was in
 a pyramid shape so he goes 'I will love the pyramid shape' and then the other one had all the other
 colour balls in it and he brought that over, smashed them into one big game with the pyramid
 and then just kept yelling 'Snooker' at people as they were playing and by the end of the game
 he'd called everyone 'Snooker' and so it stuck. Why did you call someone what did it mean? Did it
 mean dickhead? I think it was a sort of term for an idiot, someone who was incompetent at whatever
 task they were doing, a rookie. I see. It is weird though because he said he invented it in 1875.
 He only said that in 1938 which is a substantial amount of time later that's what.
 63 years later. 63 years later and he was an army officer already when he invented this
 so he must be knocking on but the claim was accepted and I think it's sort of widely accepted
 that that's where it comes from but also the other weird thing about Snooker, that name thing you
 were saying Dan, is so if you snooker someone is it that I need to hit a red next but I'm behind the
 yellow or whatever? Precisely. So that is unusual as well because it's a move in the game where you've
 messed things up for someone else. Yeah. Which is, is that in Croquet like that?
 It's a bit like that, you croquet and croquet someone. I think there is a connection between
 Croquet and Snooker really. I think Snooker kind of grew out of Croquet like games. Yeah. And that's
 why the that's why the table's green because it was like originally played on grass. Right.
 The bays. The bays, yeah. Which has, has to have, do you know the difference between the bays
 in Snooker and pool? I got a bit too into table makeup. Is it the nap? Yeah. I'm just going to
 almost disqualify you from answering this question, James. I thought disclosure, I am very much into
 snooze. Yeah. You're not allowed to answer any more quiz questions in this section. What's the
 nap? So the nap is the way that the kind of hairs on the substance that the table is made of bend.
 So basically in Snooker you have to have a nap and that means that it's a little bit like if you
 imagine a velvet surface. In fact, if you look at those cushions over there. I'm having a nap
 listening to this. Andy, this is fascinating stuff. Sorry, sorry. Go, go, go. Okay. You look
 at those cushions over there. They're velvety. You stroke them one way and they look smooth. You
 stroke them the other way and they look rough. Oh, okay. Yeah. And that's like a snooker table.
 It has to have that effect and it really affects how the ball travels because as you can imagine
 if the little hairs, fibres are standing up a certain way and depending on the angle at which
 is hitting them, you really have to work with the nap. So if you aim for a shot in the middle
 pocket, you have to aim slightly outside the pocket because the nap will make it naturally
 bend towards the pocket. That's so interesting. So part of the gameplay is literally getting
 your face close to the table and seeing how the nap is looking. No, it's always the same.
 Yeah, it's always the same. Well, I actually read in a really furious blog that a man who
 has heard of people who install their own tables putting the nap on back to front,
 which is obviously an absolute disaster. Doesn't it just go the other way then? Or do you mean
 upside down? No, I think he means it goes the other way. So it will go slow and it should go
 fast. But you would be used to it. Like you would be very much used to it being one way.
 Yeah, I've got a question. Are you allowed to comb the table before the get before your pot?
 So before every frame, before every frame? Yeah, probably someone will come on and give the table
 a quick comb. And also you are allowed to kind of flatten it. If you see a bit come up a little bit,
 you are allowed to flatten it. Mid game. Yeah, mid shot, like not mid shot, but just before your
 shot you're allowed to. Like a bit of the rugs rocked up. Yeah, you're just smoothing it out.
 Mid shot would be like curling, wouldn't it? Yeah. That would be a game. So actually,
 Snooker isn't played on a Snooker table. He's played on a Billiards table.
 What? Because Billiards was invented before it and then Snooker was played on the Billiards
 table and we still call it a Billiards table rather than a Snooker table officially.
 So what gets played on a Snooker table? There's no such thing. There's no such thing as a
 Snooker table. Well, it's just another word for a Billiards table, I guess. Right. That's great.
 And what's Billiards? So Billiards is a game where you have three balls only on the table
 and the rules say you get a point by either potting one of the balls
 or by hitting one ball onto the other. Right. And then if you get a point, you get another go.
 And you get another go and another go and another go until you stop getting points and then your
 opponent comes on the table. Okay. So a bit like Snooker, your opponent sat there for quite a long
 time just watching you play. Yeah. But in 1907, a new technique was discovered where, you know,
 the pockets in Snooker where the ball goes into. Yeah. What this guy called Walter Lovejoy
 managed to do was to get two balls stuck in the pocket. And so he could just tap these two balls
 every time and they would always hit the cushion or hit each other. Oh, wow. And he could do that
 again and again and again and again. And there was a game a bit later between Tom Chapman and Tom
 Reese where Tom Reese managed to score 499,135 points by using this technique over 85 hours of 49
 minutes. Wow. Oh, what a tedious person. Is it illegal now as a technique or? It's illegal as
 a technique. And also like this record was never in the record books because all of the fans went
 home, the referee went home and even his opponent went home. Wow. That's so good. I worry about
 this guy's home life. It sounds like you didn't have much to go back to. I think it's great.
 I didn't know the pocket Billiards was real. I thought it was a vulgar euphemism all my life and
 actually it's a proper game. And what is it? It's just a smaller version of Billiards. Oh.
 Or it's slang for messing around with yourself. I would stop playing pocket Billiards is what
 you'd say to someone. Yeah. If they were masturbating in public. Yeah, right. Okay.
 Just don't get them mixed up. That's how I say it. I thought I was getting away with it all this
 time. I think I'm playing Billiards. Oh, dear.
 Okay. It is time for fact number two and that is Anna. My fact this week is that one of the major
 battles in the Cold War was to see who was better at squashing metal. Was it to get rid of the iron
 curtain? Brilliant. Oh, my God. Lovely. This is the heavy press program, which sounds kind of like
 a raunchy sexual program, but it wasn't. You get turned on by very different things to me, Anna.
 No, I'm with Anna. It's coming around to my place for heavy press. I don't know. No,
 I'm just going to say I'll do some pocket Billiards.
 The heavy press program was launched by the US in response to the fact that the USSR in the
 1950s, it believed, had got very good at squashing metal. And the good thing about squashing metal
 is that it was a much better way of making airplanes. So it meant that you could put a huge
 ingot into a machine and squash it into the shape you wanted for a big bit of wing or something.
 And that would mean that it would be a lighter aircraft, that if you just nailed together lots
 and lots of little bits, which is how you were making planes. I've seen images of this thing and
 it's so impressive. It's a ginormous structure, the one in America that we're going to get onto,
 which is a very famous one called the 50. You say it's very famous, but I think it's only known
 because there's this one guy who's just written a series of amazing articles about it. It's one in
 the Atlantic and other in the New York Times, who's just really into it. And that was in Cleveland,
 Ohio. It still exists today. So I think that they made 10 machines in the US and they made four
 pressing machines, whether you squash metal and six extrusion machines, where you squeeze it like
 toothpaste. Wow. And I think eight of them are still going today. It's nuts. At the moment,
 every single US military aircraft contains bits made by this 50 machine. By this one machine,
 yeah. I mean, these are built in the 50s. They're still going today. The engineers of the 50 think
 it's going to be going in total for about 110 years. Can I add squires called the 50? I think it
 was because it would exert 50,000 tons of compressive force, which is the equivalent of being able
 to lift up 500 blue whales. Wow. And it's massive. It's 87 meters high, so it looks huge. It's so
 cool. Honestly, this really awoke something in me, this machine. This really brought my inner
 Clarkson to the fore. It's just really the most amazing machine in the world. It's just so cool.
 It is. I think it's the size and the majesty of them. And there are lots of them. So there are
 those in the US. And then, well, as I said, in the Cold War, the reason it became a fight was
 because Germany was actually the best at making them. So Germany had all this technology in the
 Second World War for pressing metal that no one else had. And as part of the agreement after the
 Second World War, we divided things up. And the USSR got their biggest heavy press. So they got the
 30,000 pressing machine, 30,000 tonne pressing machine, whereas I think America only got about
 10,000 tonne one. And I ended up reading all of these CIA documents, spying on how Russia was
 using them and saying, what are they doing with this thing? They're incredibly boring, aside from
 the word secret at the top. But yeah, they had to transport it back in four specially made train
 carriages from Germany to the USSR. But yeah, America were like, oh no, they've got this now.
 We'll have to make a big one. But it's all and it's partly it all partly relates back to the
 First World War, right? So in the First World War, again, lots of post-war reparations, Treaty
 of Versailles took a lot of things away from Germany. And there was a shortage of various
 key materials for the German economy and for the armaments and all this. So they developed the
 technique of press forging, which is where you press down on the diet just because it's more
 efficient. And the one thing they'd been allowed to keep or one of the things they were allowed
 to keep was their magnesium, right? The Allied power said we're not interested in your magnesium,
 so you can have that. But the problem is that the previous method of forging things is basically
 big hammer, smashes down, smashes up. Does it not explode if you hit magnesium?
 If you put it, I think you put water on it, isn't it? But it does crack. It doesn't forge well
 under the current forging conditions. And that's why Germany invented the technique of press forging
 because they were working with the materials they had and also they had to be as efficient as possible.
 So once again, shot yourselves in the foot with Versailles, didn't you, allies? But then actually,
 in playing the long game, you got the technology back. So sort of a nice score draw for the Treaty
 of Versailles. I think that's right, yes. I think the Treaty of Versailles is a foe of the podcast
 because we give it a right kick in this show, don't we? True. The highest pressure ever achieved
 is 770 gigapascals, which is more than twice the pressure in the inner core of the earth.
 Okay. Yeah. What did we do it for? Well, it's just scientists in it.
 They wanted to see what happens if you squash osmium really, really, really a lot.
 And who's he? Richard Osmium. He's the Roman Richard Osmium.
 It's the chemical element osmium and they really, really squashed it with all this pressure
 and they found out that it does not change its crystal structure. Wow. Well, sometimes you're
 going to go through that experiment to find out. It's as important to find out nothing as to find
 out something. I wonder if it's especially tough osmium or is it especially dense? Okay, that's
 cool. Surely. Otherwise, it seems silly if it's just. We'll start off by squashing a flump and see.
 The biggest press now, I don't think get much press. It's in Vienna and it's made by an Italian
 company who would have thought. Not me. I don't see any reason why the Italians would be good at
 pressing. I suppose most industrial things like that are Russia and China, sometimes America,
 and they do have the other big ones. But an Italian company have made it in Vienna and it's
 called Tyson. Is it to make lasagna sheets? It is. They can make a meatball that is as dense as the sun.
 And yeah, that exerts 100,000 tons of force, which is the equivalent of being able to lift up
 100 Eiffel towers. Wow. Which is impressive. That is amazing. It is amazing. Is it used for the
 same just making like sheets of metal for airplanes and stuff? Yeah, they do lots of stuff with like
 oil and gas industry and wind turbines and nuclear and things you would imagine need loads of metal.
 I was reading into humans crushing metal because that is, yeah, it's a thing. And it turns out
 there's a lot of Guinness World Records for people who have done that in the past. So one of the
 records I found was the most cans crushed with shoulder blades in one minute. Okay, so back
 shoulder blades. Yeah, so you're sort of moving them together to create the crush. What do you
 reckon in one minute? Well, okay, question. Yeah, is someone putting the cans in your shoulders after
 you have to place them there yourself because that feels tough. So the records held by Fabrizio
 Malito and another one for the Italians. Exactly. Yeah, crushing metal. It's just their forte.
 And it was his brother, Frank, who would replenish the can in between the shoulder blades to be
 crushed. 84. You're not far off. 68. 68. That's 10 more than someone managed to do it with their
 head in one minute. So 58 achieved with their head. That's interesting, because if you ever
 crush a can these days, it's really easy. It's very, and that used to be seen as like a pop-eye
 or a manly roar kind of thing. It turns out that that did used to be that because cans were 40%
 stronger back in the day in terms of the material and the strength and the thickness. This really
 shows how old I am. But I remember when aluminium cans came in. And that they were much, much easier
 to crush. It used to be that you could buy cans of pop and some of them would be aluminium and some
 of them wouldn't be. Right. And the aluminium ones were way easier to crush. Were the previous ones
 steel? I suppose they must have been. I'm not really sure, but I just remember Blue Peter had a thing
 where everyone had to crush cans and send them for recycling in their 80s. Nice. And so we were
 all into can-crushing back then. Before Tamagotchi, so that was what it was, wasn't it?
 Can I read an introductory sentence to you? Yeah, sure. Is it from your new novel? It's
 from a piece about another kind of forging, which is a thing called drop forging. And it's in
 kadahi. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm pronouncing it wrong, Milwaukee. It begins like this, tucked away
 in a kadahi warehouse. Something big has been pounding away since 1959. But this is a huge
 great hammer. And this is the kind of thing where you just have a giant hammer to smash down on your
 metal and get it into the shape you want. Right. And this one, it weighs one million pounds. And
 it goes five floors above ground and also five floors below ground. So it's called a counterblow
 hammer, which is meaning that you are whacking above sides. Oh, cool. Yeah, on the below at the
 same time. Like a crocodile. It's so cool. It's just like flames and fire inside it. And it's just
 smashing away at these objects. Yeah, yeah. Basically, that hammer, that gigantic hammer has
 been in operation so long that you've got multiple generations of the same family who've been operating
 that hammer. It's been going since 1959. So there was a guy interviewed for this article saying,
 "Yeah, my grandfather worked on this hammer." I know. What would happen if you put just a person
 in there? Oh, they'd be in trouble. They'd be in such trouble. They'd get just squished. But I'd
 love to see what that like doesn't look like. Oh, no. It's not like when you frame Roger Rabbit.
 You would not love to see that, I can say. You've become a perfect two-dimensional human.
 It's a shame that's not on the list of options for like, you know, you've got classic burial,
 cremation, obliterated pine, bash. The flattening. Can I tell you one thing about a cool destruction
 engine from the 19th century? But this is great. This is, there was a great new scientist piece
 about it, and it was called the Victorian Monster Destruction Engine. Not its official name.
 But it was made by an engineer called David Cacoldi, who's Scottish. And he was the chief engineer
 behind this machine, which existed to smash metal, to tear it, to twist it, to crunch it,
 to bop it, you know, to do all of this. And it was because before his work, you could not test
 the components of a bridge, say. So, you know, you just have to trust that the bridge you were
 building was strong enough. Yeah, you've got some rivets, you need to know whether they're
 going to hold if you put a load of pressure on it. How do you do that? Exactly that. And he built
 this gigantic machine. It was 116 tons, which at the time was huge. And its entire job was to
 tear things apart and it could measure the tonnage at which or the force that needed to be applied
 before things broke. And this changed engineering because, you know, there was the Tay Bridge disaster
 in Scotland. And they went down to the riverbed after this awful disaster had happened. Lots of
 people died and it was a really tragic event. A really bad bit of poetry was written about it
 famously by McGonagall. That's right. The Tay Bridge disaster disaster. And they went down and
 they got some of the lugs that had attached the bridge rods to the supporting columns. And it was
 found that they broke at 20 tons of pressure rather than the 60 that they should have done.
 So that, you know, ruined the career of the engineer who had said, no, these are fine and
 these are strong enough to support the bridge. So I feel like they should have used buttresses
 as many a wise man confesses. It's a line from the poem. Is that genuinely a line from the poem?
 That's good memory. All the poems you could have memorised.
 But yeah, he made loads of bridges as well, didn't he? And they were shipped all over the
 world because he was the first person ever to test these things. So the Sydney Harbour Bridge
 was all tested, but in his one machine, at the various bridges in London, Hammersmith Bridge.
 The family thing, like Generations, the Festival of Britain in the 1950s,
 some of their structures were tested by his grandson. And I love this. It was certainly in
 2014 there in a museum, I think it's in Southwark. And there used to be on the top floor a museum of
 fractures, which was a collection of broken pieces of metal. But tragically during the Second World
 War, a bomb fell on it. And all the pieces came back together. It was like, what am I supposed to
 do with these? Find a pristine spitfire. Okay, it is time for fact number three, and that is James.
 Okay, my fact this week is that in 18th century America, you could tell a merchant from a lawyer
 just by looking at their handwriting. So the lawyer would put little hearts over the eyes.
 This is insane. The merchant was dollar sign. Yeah, it's crazy, isn't it? I just didn't know this.
 It was in an article in The Atlantic, I read it, an article by Rachel Gutman Way. And she wrote that
 there were different font types for different jobs. The handwriting of the merchants apparently
 was supposed to reflect the efficiency and speed with which they worked. And lawyers would have
 different scripts, aristocrats would have different scripts. And what would happen is,
 it was, you would be in your guild or whatever, or you would be taught to do this job. And when
 you were being taught it, they would teach you particular ways of writing. So as the years went
 on, it would kind of get more and more enforced, this style of writing. Because doctors are the only
 people today who have reputedly got a particular kind of handwriting, which is terrible. Yeah.
 I don't think that's a font, is it? Barscript. I feel like journalists. I've seen journalists
 doing fast writing. Short-hand. Yeah, short-hand, which feels very them. And that's a sort of
 separate language to notate. But this is, you're talking about the English language written. Yeah,
 so you would write the same words, but you'd be able to read them and you'd be able to say,
 this person is a merchant, this person is a... Could you masquerade? If I was a merchant,
 I'm wanting to pretend to be a lawyer. I suppose you could, but it's a bit like forging signatures.
 Is I guess it's difficult, right? Because your signature, you do naturally without thinking,
 whereas to forge it, it takes time and sometimes it's not very easy to do it exactly.
 And you probably need other proofs that you're a lawyer. It probably wasn't that people would
 hire a lawyer by saying, can you just write your name on a bit of paper? Looks like a lawyer's
 handwriting to me. I'm in a Mrs Doubtfire scenario in my head. I'm the aristocrat and the nanny in
 this, what I'm trying to do. Right. Well, one thing that might work there is that men and women had
 different handwriting as well. That's so interesting. So men had more masculine handwriting
 they were taught, or muscular handwriting. What does that even mean? Well, muscular handwriting,
 according to someone called Carla Peterson, who is a professor of English at the University of
 Maryland, they used more pressure on the pen. Just holes in the paper. 50,000 tons of force
 on every letter. And women had more like an italic, cursive handwriting. What I thought was so
 interesting about this fact is that I hadn't really considered until now the fact that we were all
 taught a font. So basically the handwriting equivalent of font is script. And we were all
 taught a script. And of course we were. And when you see writing from the olden days, like if I
 look at collections of letters written by, like my grandparents had old letters written by their
 grandparents from the 19th century, the handwriting is so different. And that's because official
 styles changed. And so there was this thing called Spensarian scripts in the 1900s, which
 President Garfield called the pride of our country. America's done so much stuff. That's
 the biggest one. Is that the biggie? That's the biggest Spensarian. The guy who came up with this,
 Platt Rogers Spencer, said he was inspired by pebbles on a beach and is sloping. It's got to
 be at an exact angle of 52 degrees, sloping forwards and slightly rounded. Okay. And it
 was that like basically Americans would write that like that. Yes. Because I know like, for
 instance, my wife writes in a Russian font, which is different than an English font for sure.
 Yes. Yeah, yeah. There's lots of chat about the different ways that different European
 countries still write. So Platt Rogers Spencer spent so much time trying to get it to be the
 standard writing style they were teaching in schools and so on. To the point where it feels
 very missionary when he died, his sons then took textbooks of it and they sort of went out and
 campaigned for it to be changed. Have you tried this font style? Even go to schools and hand them
 and this sort of people start reading the books. No, don't read the words. Just look at the letters.
 Yeah, exactly. So weird. Yeah. And then it did get taken over by a thing called Zana Bloso method,
 and then that eventually got taken over by another. So we've got generational changes within how we
 write. You can tell when texts come from right because you can, there's a thing called paleography.
 Is that it? It's old writing and it's the study of old writing. Your course is in it because if
 you look at a text from hundreds of years ago, even if it's in English, it's going to be really
 hard to decipher. It's hard to recognize time travel, as I suppose, is that they have different
 handwriting. Yes, it'd be so obvious if someone suddenly started writing in that gothic script
 that as you say, you can barely read it. It looks so different, doesn't it? So hard to distinguish.
 I was thinking people from the future might write, like for instance, in block capitals or something.
 Hello. Oh, wow. Busted. So Spenserian just very quickly, before we wrap up on that,
 that did go out and these other fonts took over, but it did embed itself in society,
 and we see it virtually every day. So it was a win for Plat and Rogers.
 It's understandable. Oh, yeah, it should be. Think of...
 Ingredients lists on packets of food. Oh, they're always in handwriting, aren't they?
 Okay, okay, okay. I'm just warming up. Something that's in handwriting. Yeah.
 Okay, there was something on a banknote, like the code promise to pay the bearer.
 No, it's a logo. It's a logo in handwriting. It is a great call.
 It is a food and drink product and it is not anything that you've said. It's a drink.
 Coke. Coke. Coke-a-cola. Coke-a-cola.
 That lovely... You're right. That rounded cursive. That rounded cursive. I forgot what the question was.
 So it was basically phased out Spenserian, but he managed to have an impact saying,
 and Ford Cars is also the way that Ford has written is based on Spenserian.
 That is great. What a legacy. That's a great legacy.
 That's kind of time travel, but the normal way around, you know, like a survivor.
 It's like those animals that you find, which, oh, we thought you went extinct 130 million years ago,
 but here you are swimming around. Like a sealant camp of handwriting.
 Yeah, it's a Coca-Cola camp.
 Could you set me up for that, Joe? No.
 I felt like it. I felt like I walked straight into a fur trap there.
 We should probably say that handwriting evolves for practical reasons.
 So it was all about these people saying, this is a quicker way to write,
 and this is an easier way to write. This is an easier way to teach.
 Or the reason that Gothic, which was invented in the 12th century-ish,
 that was quite squashed up, and it was because there was parchment shortages,
 and so you could fit much more on the page.
 So it's all practicalities, which feels relevant when it's enforced today,
 because people say, isn't it sad that no one learns proper cursive anymore,
 and there are a number of American states that enforce it legally,
 and there isn't really evidence that there's particularly a purpose.
 Cursive has just joined up handwriting, right?
 Yes. I can tell you a lot about someone, their handwriting.
 Well, no, it can't really. But they can tell you how drunk they are.
 Well, that's good. Of all these kind of graphology things,
 which is you're supposed to be able to tell people's personality or whatever,
 from their handwriting, most of it does seem to be mediopie,
 but definitely for sure, the height of ascending letters,
 height of descending letters, spacing between words, tremors,
 bit of sick on the page, the height of the upper and lower case letters,
 all changes depending on how much alcohol you've had.
 That's good. That's very good.
 That's got to be one of the most pointless studies ever done
 writing declines with alcoholism.
 Did you find the B.I.G.?
 Notorious.
 Notorious British Institute of Graphologists.
 They're real.
 They're pretty hardcore on there.
 They are. That's really funny.
 And their claim, and I think I'm not, I don't think it's backed up by solid evidence,
 is that it's better than therapy, because actually with therapy,
 you can only know what the client has told you.
 Okay.
 Whereas with graphology, you just look at the writing and you say,
 "Well, that's disgusting. I can't believe you had that dream."
 Or whatever, you know.
 You're not a merchant, you're a lawyer.
 We did a debunk of graphology on QI once and got very angry emails.
 And letters didn't we?
 And written.
 Yeah, we got one letter from a graphologist saying that
 some of the evidence is, if you get a pen and put it in your mouth
 and try and write something on a piece of paper,
 you'll use the same movements as if you were to do it with your hand.
 Like so Andy would write it with his same sort of spidery hand writing
 with his mouth as he would with his hand.
 And that's evidence that it's coming directly from your brain
 as opposed to being something in your hands or whatever, hasn't it?
 Inherent in yourself the shape of your letters.
 Is that claim true in either sense?
 Like, is it true that there's any correlation to your mouth and hand
 or that you could draw that conclusion?
 All I'm giving is both sides of the story, like I'm on the BBC.
 Good on you, mate.
 But no, that's what they claim.
 But of course, you know, I think these days we think that it's nonsense.
 Unless you're listening to this podcast on BBC Sounds,
 in which case, the jury's out.
 I do wonder if we were able to bring back certain people from history
 and just say, "Oh, I love your book," called that.
 And they go, "That's not what that's called."
 And it's because they're bad handwriting.
 And there's a few cases where people claim this is a thing.
 So apparently, Beethoven's piece for Elise.
 Apparently, that's not the title.
 What? It's called "Furry Leaves."
 Apparently, it's for Therese.
 No.
 Yeah, it's Therese or Therese.
 It's either that.
 No way.
 Yeah, but his handwriting is so dodgy that it just, it's,
 well, we'll just go with Elise.
 Are all the notes different as well?
 That's so funny.
 Well, if you're worried about bad handwriting,
 which I always was in exams,
 because I have quite a legible small handwriting,
 and I always thought they're never going to read this gold.
 I happened to be on the OCR,
 which is one of the famous exam boards.
 OCR exam board page, FAQ's page,
 and they clarified examiners are experienced at reading
 a wide range of handwriting.
 And if one examiner can't read it,
 it gets passed to another one, and so on.
 Wow.
 So I think if your handwriting's bad,
 it just goes, gets passed to 20 different examiners.
 That's so funny.
 I knew where it would end up.
 Where?
 At the very end, there is a lady on the Isle of Man
 who runs a firm called Transcription Services,
 and almost no one does what she does.
 She is just phenomenal at reading handwriting.
 Really?
 Specifically old writing.
 Like the work by William Wiseworth,
 the Brontes, John Dunn,
 it's all passed to her in the Isle of Man,
 and she's just amazing at it.
 And that is paleography.
 Yeah, one person who was really difficult to decipher
 was Catherine Mansfield.
 I was reading about the New Zealand short story person.
 Her handwriting was so bad that when she died
 and left 53 handwritten notebooks,
 it took decades to decipher them.
 Wow.
 And the person who was doing it
 once spent an entire week trying to decipher a single word.
 So the way you write can kind of show where you're from.
 I thought this was really interesting.
 So the way you write a T, for instance,
 which bit do you write first?
 The width.
 I don't even know.
 I go the top.
 I don't do the cross, basically.
 You don't cross your T's?
 No, I do that.
 Oh, right.
 OK, yeah.
 You don't cross your T's, imagine that.
 I'll see you in the burrow.
 See you later.
 So presumably, oh, Dan actually,
 what do you write first?
 Well.
 You write all in capital, so it's kind of relevant.
 Who writes the cross bit first?
 Well.
 What's the cross bit, do you mean?
 The cross your T's, the bit that goes across.
 I do.
 I do.
 You write the cross first?
 OK, here, if I was writing that in lower case, I go.
 Guys, do you know what's so fascinating about this?
 Right.
 Do it again.
 What does Dan, what can Dan also write
 that none of the rest of us can?
 Brilliant books about weird beliefs.
 All right, I don't think you can write this.
 What can he speak and where was he brought up?
 Oh.
 Mandarin.
 Australian slang.
 Mandarin.
 Australian slang, yes.
 It's Mandarin writers, writing lots of little short dashes.
 And so it makes sense for them to write, when they learn English,
 they tend to write the cross of the T first.
 Because it's lots of little figures.
 How interesting.
 Whereas we would always write,
 and there's lots of little stuff like that.
 In Koreans, they write nine backwards.
 Do you write your lines backwards, Dan?
 No, I, well, I don't know.
 You might tell me now that I do.
 I write it like that.
 No, that's like every other night tonight.
 That's normal.
 I wonder if I've got a cultural mesh going on,
 because I will start that like that,
 but then I'll do that to end it.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 Gosh.
 Interesting, because I've never seen you write
 in lower case before.
 Yeah, I didn't know you could.
 I am Casemore.
 Wow.
 I'm so sorry.
 What do you think, the school I went to taught?
 Well, let's not go there.
 Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show,
 and that is Andy.
 My fact is that the sun is surrounded by a layer of moss.
 Hey.
 Is it?
 Space moss.
 I mean, it obviously isn't happening.
 So this is a thing which industry experts, sun experts.
 Industry?
 Astronomers.
 Big science brains.
 They call moss.
 I love this.
 So this is in the sun's corona.
 We're outside the sun itself,
 and there are areas where the sun's magnetic field bursts out,
 and gas flow, the gas that makes up the sun,
 flows around these huge loops,
 and then spears back down into the thing.
 It's all really, it's awesome.
 Anyway, and the moss is these sort of lacy patterns
 around the corona and around those corona loops,
 around the feet of them, if you like.
 It's a term that NASA uses,
 and lots of other astronomers use it.
 Of all the sexy words you can use for lace-like structures,
 to use moss, I feel like.
 Yeah, what would you have gone for?
 Well, lace.
 Lingerie.
 Lace.
 Negligent.
 That's quite a cool, yeah.
 Yeah.
 I do think of it when I was reading about it.
 Yeah, you've described it pretty well there.
 It looks like a rainbow,
 if you look at these coronal loops,
 and the moss is sort of at the bottom of them,
 so it's like the gold at the bottom of a rainbow.
 Very nice.
 Lovely.
 What's really weird is I read that this is the case.
 There may be other reasons for it,
 but the reason those loops come out, at all,
 is largely to do with the rotation of the sun.
 Right.
 Yeah, so you've got basically,
 it takes 25 days at the equator to rotate,
 but at the poles, it takes 33 days.
 So you have this bit overtaking the outside,
 and it sort of snaps, and it creates these big loops.
 It's sort of running past itself in a,
 it's the weird rotation,
 the double rotation of the planet.
 Yeah, because it's all gas,
 so it kind of feels natural, right,
 that it would rotate at different levels.
 But yeah, that chaos that's generated.
 Yeah.
 But it seems like we still don't know a lot about the sun,
 which is quite exciting,
 and they're still discovering stuff about it, aren't they?
 I mean, this is all linked to that eternal mystery,
 that why is the sun's atmosphere,
 the bit just above the surface of the sun, so hot?
 So I think we might have mentioned before.
 So hotter than the surface or even the core?
 It's the hottest there, is that what you're saying?
 It's hotter than the surface, definitely.
 I'm not sure if it's hotter than the very core.
 Yeah, it's so much hotter.
 So the surface of the sun is about 6,000 degrees Celsius.
 I think we can all agree, very hot.
 Yeah.
 Well.
 But the corona, the atmosphere, is 1 million and 6,000 degrees Celsius.
 It's a million degrees hotter.
 And do you know that even NASA says that there are flares,
 which they think might be between 10 and 40 million degrees Celsius?
 Wow, 40 million degrees.
 So the sun's rotating, producing magnetic field, right?
 Yeah.
 And then these lines of magnetic force, they get tangled,
 and they build up pressure and they snap.
 And most of the energy goes outwards,
 but some of it goes back inwards, into the sun.
 And the particles in the sun's lower atmosphere,
 they build up this pressure wave and it penetrates deep into the sun.
 And it becomes a sunquake.
 Just everything starts sounding like a cool title for a metal album.
 Sunquake.
 Sunquake.
 I've been going around singing Sunquake.
 There's a group called the Solar Wind Sherpas,
 who also sound pretty cool and metal.
 So they're a band.
 No, they're a group of scientists.
 But just anything sun related, like coronal moss, or whatever.
 That one doesn't quite work, I gotta say.
 Okay.
 It's not metal, I don't think that one.
 No matter how much you put that voice on.
 Okay, okay, okay.
 Quite similarly, you get solar rain,
 which is actually lumps of plasma
 that fall down from these coronal rainbow loops.
 And when they splash into the chromosphere,
 the bit in between the atmosphere and the surface,
 they make a big splash and they send up loads more plasma.
 We are chromosphere.
 This is our album, Solar Rain.
 What about that?
 Yeah, it's good.
 We are the Solar Hedge Row.
 What about that?
 It's a bit rural, bit rustic, but nice.
 Yeah, maybe like the muscles.
 I mean, it's not that interesting.
 It's just like filaments of mossy-like stuff from the sun
 that create loops that go in like a line, like a hedge row might.
 But it is an official term apparently.
 That's cool.
 Do you know who is the first person to take a photo
 of these filaments on the sun?
 Oh, it's almost.
 Is someone we've heard of?
 Oh, no.
 That narrows it down.
 That narrows it down.
 You might have come across her name.
 Annie Monda, she was called.
 And she was married to Edward Walter Monda.
 And she was probably the last of what was called the lady computers.
 So towards the end of the 19th century,
 this is obviously there were computers like for the space race and stuff like that.
 But these were women who would do the calculations
 when astronomers would come up with loads of data.
 They would give them to the women
 and the women would work them out and work out what was going on.
 Amazing, right.
 And also the Monda minimum is named after her,
 which you might have heard,
 which was a time in the 17th century when all sunspots disappeared.
 Was that when it got very cold?
 Yeah, the little ice age.
 Exactly.
 Was that the Monda minimum?
 But it's named after her.
 And her husband as well, yeah.
 Yeah, that's awesome.
 But so she's coming through data to find all this stuff.
 So amateur photographer on the side.
 She was also a photographer on the side, yeah, yeah.
 And she and her husband did photographs of the sun.
 And we're doing it all the time, basically.
 Whenever there was a clear day,
 they would go out and photograph the sun.
 How do you photograph the sun with that?
 You need a special filter to stop hurting your eyes, obviously.
 There are lots of different ways of doing it.
 And like, for instance, you can do it with a pinhole camera.
 I think you could largely just point it in the direction
 and press snap, can't you?
 I think if you do that and you send the photos to Boots,
 you're going to get a sticker on them.
 In Britain, you can photograph the sun pretty easily.
 The sort of vague, white dot on screen by Cloud.
 That reminds me of the warnings
 when there are eclipses about what they can do to your eyes.
 I've been sort of mad to very extents over the years,
 but I was reading about the eclipse in Melbourne in 1976.
 I think it was.
 When there was this doctor who sort of spread panic
 around the city saying there could be an epidemic
 of thousands of kids being completely blind.
 Because all you need to do is look at that
 for a couple of seconds and you can go blind.
 Now, it's not, it is exaggerated, the scare mongering,
 but it scared Melbourne into watching it from inside.
 So 2 million of the 2.5 million people there
 watched it on their tellies.
 It is a problem, I think, with the eclipse,
 which is it is bad for you.
 And you can't say it's not bad for you,
 but pretty much all the time everyone says
 it's worse for you than it actually is.
 I think that's the problem.
 So when Trump famously looked at the sun,
 that wouldn't have done.
 It depends how long you do it for.
 I think you can tell if it's doing damage.
 Bloody left-wing media spinning these stories to make him--
 We're not saying.
 We're not saying you should go and look at the sun.
 That's the problem is you can't say that.
 You can't say go out and look at the sun.
 Brilliant idea.
 I would say give Trump a break.
 That's what I'm saying.
 But yeah, it's like you've looked at the sun
 every now and then by accident for a second or so, right?
 And you're like, oh, that hurt my eyes,
 but you didn't go blind at any stage.
 No, because it's the eclipse.
 Isn't there a risk that people are going to try
 and look for longer than the tiny, tiny glimpse
 that might not do you any harm?
 But it feels so much common sense
 that the only people who do get in trouble,
 and I think this was true in Britain when we had it in 1999,
 are people who had lots of drugs.
 So there was a girl who'd taken lots of speed
 who stared at the eclipse for half an hour,
 and she did have some permanent eye damage.
 Isaac Newton, that was a story that he stared at the sun
 in that sense impartially blinded.
 That was deliberately for an experiment
 to see what would happen if he stared at the sun.
 So you can be very, very clever and also very, very stupid.
 So I think it's just good to wear on the side of court
 and say never look anywhere.
 I think that's fair.
 But I think one bit of good news is if you do go blind
 for staring at the sun for too long,
 is that there's a new invention
 that allows blind people to enjoy eclipses.
 Really?
 Yeah, it's called light sound,
 and it sort of measures and translates the sky's brightness
 and turns it into music.
 And so you can like put your headphones in,
 and apparently it gives a really good impression
 of the change of the sun
 and the change of the brightness that's happening.
 That was so cool.
 That was so cool.
 Yeah.
 That's amazing.
 That's awesome.
 Milosevic scared his people underground.
 Slobodan.
 Or Aston Villa striker Savo Milosevic.
 I think it was Slobodan though,
 of course I haven't written it down,
 but whichever one was ruling Serbia in the 90s.
 Yeah, he said that it would make you urinate really frequently
 and get heart palpitations.
 And everyone literally went inside,
 pulled all their curtains down.
 They were calling help lines saying,
 is it safe to watch it on telly?
 Wow.
 That like no one went outside public transport all stopped.
 So the whole of the rest of Europe flooded outside
 to watch the eclipse,
 and all of Serbia retreated underground and indoors.
 Did he have motives that we know now?
 Well, was that a weird, the urination thing?
 Well, what was where did that come from?
 No, I agree, because no, I don't know.
 I don't know why.
 There was actually a paper saying what were his motivations,
 and I couldn't download the full thing.
 So we'll never know.
 No one, apart from people who could afford 24.99,
 will ever know.
 But I can tell you that animal rights activists
 sent sunglasses to the chimps in the zoo.
 So scared, were they?
 Gosh.
 Golly.
 I think one of the coolest things I read
 as part of this research is that you got the sun,
 we're just staring at it,
 we're trying to work out what's going on with it.
 We got nothing to compare it to.
 But we got nothing to compare it to.
 And that's not true anymore.
 And it's not been true for a while,
 because the Kepler Space Telescope,
 back when it was operating,
 monitored 150,000 stars in the Milky Way,
 and they found 369 suns that are incredibly similar to ours.
 And so now we can look at other case studies,
 as it were, and go,
 "Oh, this is interesting.
 That sun is very active at the moment."
 And it wasn't 10, 11 years ago.
 That must mean that it's running in phases.
 So we can learn via these suns
 that are billions of miles away about our own sun.
 Yeah, because there are a lot of scientists
 that look at our sun as a curiosity
 compared to other suns,
 in that they say it's spectacularly boring
 in comparison to all the other suns
 that we're seeing in the universe.
 And they partially wonder if that's why we're here at all.
 Yeah, that must be right.
 Because if it starts spitting out stuff at us
 every two or three years, we're going to die.
 Exactly. So our sun is just not that active,
 and that's been incredible for us.
 It has. And I think actually with the election coming up,
 sometimes you want a boring center of your universe,
 don't you? Because it can be relied upon.
 To not destroy you.
 That is a political broadcast for Kier Starman.
 Don't know what you're talking about.
 We actually had someone write in who was a space weather forecaster.
 Oh, I know.
 To the fish inbox.
 Really?
 This is cool.
 He's called Gavin Medley.
 What? Dark with no weather again.
 He works at the LASP,
 which is the Laboratory for Atmospheric and Space Physics
 at the University of Colorado.
 And he was writing about the, you know,
 if the sun emits a giant electromagnetic storm,
 we won't get warning before it hits us.
 But there are space weather instruments
 that sit on spacecraft at Lagrange points,
 and they just sit there in gravitational equilibrium.
 And one of their goals is to collect data
 to predict and warn about solar storms and flares,
 which can take down our electrical structure.
 And that's how we knew like a few weeks ago
 when they had that big solar storm
 that people in London couldn't see,
 but everyone else in the country could see.
 Yeah. The aurora.
 The aurora. We know about that because of those things.
 Yeah.
 By the way, we're in the most exciting year for the sun
 in 11 years, loads of sunspots.
 Oh.
 'Cause the sun switches poles every 11 years.
 Yeah.
 So the most boring year was 2019,
 and that was like hardly any sunspots,
 because the poles were just like perfectly aligned
 north and south, and now we're in the most feisty year,
 which I think might be why they've discovered this thing
 that your main fact was about,
 is because it feels like as a scientist,
 it's the most thrilling time to look at the sun,
 'cause so much mad shit's going on there.
 So if one of these big coronal mass ejections hits us,
 we're kind of buggered a little bit, right?
 All of our electronics are going to fry,
 and until they fix it, it's going to be pretty tough.
 And we knew that this big one was coming a few weeks ago,
 and I was in Wales in the middle of nowhere,
 and so I got a load of cash out of the cash machine
 just in case, all of the cash machines got back genuinely.
 Just subtle prepper.
 I love it.
 Your cash is no good in the aftertimes.
 But it'll get me home.
 Like all I had to do was get home.
 I have an electric car, right?
 So if I'm stuck in Wales with an electric car,
 and all the electrics are fried,
 I am kind of buggered.
 I'm not necessarily buggered if you have to stay in Wales, James.
 Come on.
 Good people of Wales.
 Great place to be stranded for a while.
 No, it's a great place to be,
 but it's not ideal for the rest of my family if I'm in Wales.
 James's electric tin opener is in London.
 That's what he's getting back to.
 Oh, he brings that with him.
 I keep that in a lead-lined case,
 a case of a coronal mass ejection.
 But there's a theory, right?
 So we could fire out a big loop of wire into space.
 So the entire earth is covered by one wire.
 Okay.
 And then when the coronal mass ejection comes in,
 which is basically charged particles,
 then the wire can kind of ground it,
 and it won't fry all of our electricity.
 That's interesting.
 It's a really good idea.
 No one's really taken the idea seriously,
 but they reckon that the loop would cost about $100 billion to make.
 But if we did get hit by one of those coronal mass ejections,
 which will happen sometime,
 the cost will be way more than that.
 Yeah.
 Wait, wait, it'll be in the trillions.
 It will fuck up our economy for years.
 Actually, $100 billion.
 Sounds a lot, but actually, you know,
 a lot of things, when you read about it in the paper,
 it's like $600 billion.
 Oh, okay, yeah.
 We clubbed together.
 Yeah.
 We didn't deal with that.
 Well, how much did you get out of the cash point the other day?
 There's a big queue behind James.
 His limit's 200 a time.
 It's only $20 million a time there.
 Let me take out.
 [Music]
 Okay, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we've said over the course of this podcast,
 we can all be found on our various social media accounts.
 I'm on @tribeland, on Instagram, Andy.
 @andrewhunterm.
 On X.
 James?
 No such thing as James Harkin on the TikToks.
 And Anna?
 You can get in touch with all of us
 by going to @knowsuchthing on Twitter/X,
 or going to @knowsuchthing as a fish on Instagram,
 or you can email podcast at qi.com.
 Yep, or you can go to our website.
 Knowsuchthingasafish.com.
 All of the previous episodes are up there.
 There's a link to the portal, to the gateway of Club Fish,
 our secret private members club.
 And there are also links to our upcoming tour.
 Thundernerds.
 We're heading around Europe.
 We're going to Ireland.
 We're going to Australia.
 We are going to New Zealand.
 There are all the links up there.
 We put on a couple of extra shows.
 One in Sydney, one in London.
 If you missed out on tickets for those, do check it out.
 It's all up there.
 Otherwise, just come back here next week.
 We'll have another episode waiting for you.
 We'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
