 We run it on QI a few years ago.
 Yeah.
 Which was, there's no such thing as a fish.
 You have a nice, such thing as a fish.
 No, seriously, it's in the Oxford Dixie Marie of Underwater Life.
 He says it right there, first paragraph, no such thing as a fish.
 [MUSIC]
 Hello, and welcome to another edition of No Such Thing as a Fish.
 Coming to you from the QI offices in Covert Garden.
 My name is Dan.
 I'm sitting here with the regular three elves,
 James, Anna, and Andy.
 And once again, we are going to go over our favorite facts
 from the last seven days.
 [MUSIC]
 Fact number one, this is my fact.
 And the fact is that 30 million Chinese people live in caves.
 Whoa.
 Yeah, really?
 I've been reading a Paul Theroux book called "Riding the Iron Rooster."
 I was initially reading it because of a fact I'd read a long time ago.
 He was talking about all the great Chinese inventions.
 He said, you know, the Chinese invented paper and gump out and wheelbarrows.
 And the guy who is telling it to him in the book ended by saying,
 "We even have wheelbarrows in China that you and the West don't yet know about."
 What?
 Yeah, that was the most exciting sentence.
 Wait a minute, what this is?
 This is different.
 I know what great innovations have happened to the wheelbarrows that we don't know about.
 So they got secret wheelbarrows in China that we in the West don't know.
 Yeah, I know about.
 But it was on the following page that it then said 30 million people live in caves in China.
 And that in 1986, there was a program to relocate all these people,
 but not into houses, but to relocate them into better caves.
 I went to Mary Islands quite a few years ago and they traditionally lived in caves as well.
 And they wanted to bring back this kind of old tradition.
 So you could get a government grant to live in a cave rather than live in a normal place.
 Oh, wow!
 Why would you live in a cave like a shot?
 Would you?
 Yes, definitely.
 Wasn't there a story about English people?
 Yes, there was.
 During the Second World War, there were caves called Chiselhurst Caves in Kent
 and 15,000 people stayed there.
 And I found some guidelines.
 It really, in the middle of this cave, there's a very English notice board
 saying, "No admission or reentry to the dormitory section after 9.30pm."
 There must be reasonable quiet by 10pm, lights out an absolute silence by 10.30pm.
 You can still visit them, I think, aren't you?
 You can.
 I think I feel like I've visited them in my childhood.
 There are 17 rules and about 15 are about going to bed on time.
 I wouldn't think that would have happened.
 The president of China used to live in a cave.
 What?
 Is she Jinping?
 Uh-huh.
 You'll be better on the pronunciation than me.
 Yeah, he lived for seven years in a cave when he was exiled during the Cultural Revolution.
 I remember, we looked at this in the series C, unsurprisingly.
 We found out that, like you said, 30 million people lived in China and caves.
 But we also found out the entire population of the world in the Stone Age was only 5 million.
 So that means that there were more cavemen now than there have ever been in history, basically.
 Which I think is possible.
 That's great.
 And most people didn't live in caves.
 No, no, no.
 During the Stone Age?
 I mean, a few people worked up.
 But most people just lived in the open.
 Yeah, of course.
 I think most cases were basically always been unlivable, haven't they?
 I think that's what I read, which is why most people couldn't live in caves.
 Although, so I feel like this can get easily confused with the fact that a lot of people in Beijing,
 they've underground, don't they?
 They're used to.
 I think they still do.
 Two million people at the moment.
 They think they live underground.
 10% of the population in Beijing.
 I'm talking in a basement flat.
 They either live in, like, basement flat, windowless basements, air-raid shelters.
 There are something like pipe networks, because just, like, probably surprises are so high.
 I remember.
 I read a biography on Mousey Tung, which I found that great fact that his barber was called
 Big Beard Plan.
 And there was amazing stuff about him.
 I mean, it was an incredible biography.
 It was written by his personal physician.
 And in it, he says that Mao built an entire under-Beijing city, like an entire city that
 never got used.
 But it was in the event of a massive war that everyone would relocate under the city.
 And they would live there.
 They're trying to do more research on it, but I can't find anything else on it.
 If you can't find the secret wheelbarrow, they're not going to tell you about the Mousey
 Tung City.
 They're not going to tell you about the Mousey Tung City.
 Actually, Leonardo had a design for a city, which was on two layers, and the poor people
 would live on the bottom layer, and the rich people would live on top layer.
 He was, like, an architect, as well as everything else.
 Eventually, we're talking about--
 Yeah, sorry.
 Not a capray.
 Not the teenage turtle.
 He had a--
 He lived in the sewers.
 Oh, yeah.
 Great.
 I read the other day.
 I have any solid information on this.
 They found in 2009, I think, it was about 60 kilometers more of the Great Wall of China,
 that they didn't know existed when they were doing a Google Earth survey of it.
 They discovered a missing bit of the wall.
 And they discovered a local village nearby, who had just obviously come across this wall
 and gone, well, no one seems to be using this.
 And they took the bricks.
 And they made a village out of it.
 Yeah.
 I think that happened with Hadrian as well, as well, didn't they?
 They took bits of the wall and just made houses out of it.
 And with Rome in the Renaissance, they used old buildings to make new ones here.
 I heard a brilliant fact about stones this week.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 So the world's largest piece of limestone.
 You can see where all the elves are coming from for the L-Series of QI.
 The world's largest piece of limestone is in Lebanon.
 It was cut up by the Romans, and they were going to make a massive, great, big temple with
 it.
 But once they cut it open, they realized that it was too big to carry.
 And so it's still there when they cut it.
 That's wonderful.
 I read recently that the oldest thing on Earth, they know they know the oldest rock on
 Earth.
 What?
 You would think that that's impossible, but it's a bit of a cheat.
 It's a crystal.
 It's a crystal that they found as 4.4 billion years old.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 So it's the oldest.
 I love it when you have like a little object that you can date Ash, who's a friend of mine.
 And for yes, in our theme tune, he has a chair in his house, which is a trunk, bit of a tree
 trunk.
 But it's so old that it's crystallized.
 Is it crystallized the word?
 No, what is it?
 Oh, petrified.
 Petrified.
 And so it's, but it feels like marble when you touch it.
 And I was touching it.
 And you kind of go, this is amazing enough.
 And then he said, check this out.
 This chair is older than flowers.
 Wow.
 That's great.
 Oh my God.
 That's amazing.
 And my favorite thing, by the way, about the wall, the Great Wall of China is that, you know,
 when they say, oh, we found a bit more Great Wall, you go, you expect it to be five more
 meters of it.
 And then when they say 100 kilometers, that's just, I love it when things are found in
 such a ridiculous bulk.
 One of my favorite facts of all time is Barbara Cartland, after she died, they discovered
 unpublished novels.
 You know, like after an author dies and like, oh, we found unpublished novels, they found
 160 unpublished novels.
 But with the Great Wall, you would have just thought someone would have gone from one end
 to the other, just to say, like, I've seen it all now.
 Yeah.
 Not to draw that.
 Why haven't they done that?
 I find it weird.
 Well, there have been.
 There were two conceptual artists who walked the length of the Great Wall of China towards
 each other.
 And then they met in the middle and kissed each other once and then they never met again.
 And that sounds like a dream or a very fancy film, but it's not.
 It did happen.
 The guy died this week, who was the person who kissed at the end of World War II.
 Do you remember that?
 Yeah, he did.
 Iconic picture.
 Yes.
 Did he die?
 Yeah, he died this week.
 Because I thought there was doubt over who it was.
 I think these were the guys who are accepted because they have other pictures that look very
 similar to them, but there were other people who claimed to be.
 After the war, he was a male carrier and some professional baseball player.
 Oh, really?
 Yeah.
 They were identified by the Houston Police Department forensic artist.
 She took about 100 pictures of him using a pillow to pose as he did.
 And she said she could match the muscles, ears and other features of the 80-year-old McDuffy
 to the sailor in the picture.
 You don't want to be committing any crimes in Houston anytime soon, do you?
 You've got that.
 Especially not near an artist.
 You don't have to paint you at the time.
 His name is Glenn McDuffy.
 And after he was identified, he went around fundraisers and parties telling his story and
 women would pay $10 to kiss him on the cheek.
 Why the cheek, though, that?
 I mean, that's not what they do in the photo.
 You just thought you'd go for the full-on bent over backwards, wouldn't you?
 Otherwise, what's the point?
 Maybe that was a bit more, like £10 on the cheek, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 He was changing trains in New York when he was told that Japan had surrendered.
 He said, "I was so happy.
 I ran out in the street," said Mr. McDuffy, then age 18, along his way to visit his girlfriend
 in Brooklyn.
 And then I saw that nurse, he said.
 She saw me hollering and with a big smile on my face, I just went right over to her and kissed
 her.
 Afterwards, I just went on the subway across the street and went to Brooklyn.
 Wow.
 And you imagine if she's just reading the newspaper the next day and she just sees stuff?
 I know those muscles in that earlobe.
 OK, um, yeah, my fact this week is there is a banker in Latvia who will lend you money
 using your immortal soul as security.
 So what form do you hand over your immortal soul?
 When is it like a piece of paper you sign?
 No, it's just your word, do you think?
 Your word?
 I think so, yeah.
 This guy is not very evil.
 What?
 Weird thing is, he's an atheist and he doesn't believe in souls, this guy apparently.
 And what his point is, is that a lot of people are not repaying their loans at the moment
 and he said, "I decided that in such times a man's word is more of precious pledge than
 a car or an apartment which had depreciating in value."
 How much money has he got?
 He sees trading.
 Exactly, I imagine in that one debt he lent her all his money.
 It was a maximum of $1,000 you could borrow.
 Right.
 There was a gaming company in 2010 who put in their terms and conditions you know the things
 that no one reads.
 By placing an order you agree to grant us a non transferable option to claim for now
 and evermore your immortal soul.
 Should we wish to exercise this option, you agree to surrender your immortal soul and
 any claim you may have on it within five working days.
 Yeah, but the belief in soul is quite common, like even today in this country you'll get...
 I happen to know that in some hospitals when someone dies they'll open the window just
 so that the soul can escape.
 Well, that is a question of a nurse with a superstition that is not policy.
 I know it's not policies.
 I can say to me that I could borrow money in exchange for my immortal soul.
 I don't believe in my immortal soul, but I think I would hesitate before doing it.
 Wouldn't you like to just incase?
 Right, so like I was saying before people in history always seem to believe that people
 live forever.
 After you die you go on and you do something else.
 There's a huge number of Chinese emperors who all died because they were seeking out the
 illiterate life.
 Yeah, the chin.
 The man who effectively unified China gave it its name.
 He died because of his constant search for the illiterate life.
 He did a number of things in his life.
 He did the terracotta warriors.
 Oh, yeah.
 And they still haven't gotten into it.
 His main aerial place and it's incredible because the descriptions of it from legend were
 that it was made with a river of mercury and they've put pests to see if it's dangerous
 or not to go in and they levels of mercury are extremely high, extremely high.
 So it kind of suggests that maybe he did make it contrary.
 But he died from drinking mercury because he was told that he was going to live forever
 that way also.
 Is that to some work, does it?
 Does exactly the opposite.
 It does exactly the opposite.
 The irony.
 He was also told by a thousand-year-old wizard who he met once and could never find
 again.
 Oh, yeah.
 That there was an island in which they would find the illiterate life.
 He sent off a boat full of people and supposedly that boat never came back.
 Supposedly that's the boat that founded Japan.
 But also that he sent off another expedition after the first one didn't come back to look
 through the islands of the immortals.
 Only one line came back saying that the herbs on the island were guarded by fierce whales
 and that the expedition had failed because they had been frightened by a huge fish.
 Speaking of people living forever, there was a politician in America called Leonard Live
 Forever Jones.
 He ran for Governor of Kentucky in the 1860s and he ran on a platform of being immortal.
 And because he was immortal, he refused any medical help of any kind and he died of a chest
 cold in 1868.
 Just with the age thing, I read this the other day which I found amazing.
 The 10th president of America, John Tyler, born 1790.
 His grandson is still alive.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 His grandson.
 It's really impressive.
 You know the oldest, the oldest complete skeleton found in Britain was the guy who was
 found in Chedigorge, who's 9,000 years old and you know they tried to trace some of his descendants.
 They decided to just look in the local area and they found this guy, Adrian Target, who's
 a schoolteacher, who's a direct descendant on his mother's side of this 9,000 year old skeleton.
 So he's now like, he's broken the world record for someone who can trace his descendants
 back.
 Oh.
 Tracer's ancestry back to the furthest.
 His wife said, this is all a bit of a surprise, but maybe it explains why he likes his
 steaks rare and it does explain everything's falling into place.
 Do you guys know about Joyce Heff?
 No.
 No.
 She was a, she was, do you know P.T. Barnham, the great secretary in Prasario from the 19th
 century America?
 One one every minute.
 Okay.
 One one every minute, which he didn't ever say unfortunately.
 But Joyce Heff was one of his earliest successors, she was 161 year old African-American
 woman.
 Well, this is the thing.
 She was part of his shows and he claimed she had been George Washington's nanny.
 After she died, he hired someone to test it and the surgeon responsible said, and this woman
 is about 80 years old, which he claimed that the autopsie victim was another person and
 that the real Joyce Heff was alive in Europe during a tour.
 It was good in those days when you could just walk around pretending to be something
 you could.
 Yeah.
 So, one of your favourite facts is about the two-headed Mexicans.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Pascal Fernan, the two-headed Mexican, he's got one head and he's from Texas.
 Time to move on to fact number three, which is you, Hannah?
 Yeah.
 So, I found out this week that for 100 years almost all the maps we had of Africa contained
 a mountain range that didn't exist.
 They were called the Mountains of Kong.
 It was this enormous mountain, yeah, it was, but the map first appeared in 1798.
 It was an English jogger for James Reynolds who recorded the, you know, Mungo Park who went
 to Africa.
 Yes.
 So, he was recording the notes of Mungo Park and he just elaborated a bit and he invented
 the Mountains of Kong, which stretched like from the east side to the west side of Africa.
 The only problem with it, I think, was that explorers then went there, but they, because he said
 it was impossible, he said they were mountains of stupendous height, it was in an insuperable
 barrier.
 So, explorers didn't even bother to try and cross it.
 Oh.
 Because they didn't get, they were like, no, the mountains are over there, I can't get
 them.
 The south side of Africa.
 Yeah, let's go.
 So, what should we keep going until we've hit the mountains?
 Take a picture?
 No, no, no.
 We haven't even got to France yet.
 We're going back to London, but that's my favorite fact about this whole thing is that there's
 an explorer whose main discovery was undiscovering the mountains of Kong.
 Yeah, yeah.
 His name is Louis Gustav Binger.
 There's this town name approom, Bingerville.
 It's in...
 It doesn't exist.
 Yeah.
 Basically, he donated up all the graphics.
 But no, he did.
 He discovered the mountains of Kong.
 Speaking of places that don't exist, like Bingerville, Bingerville exists.
 Okay.
 Well, there's a place called Aglow in New York State, and it was made up by a guy.
 He put it on a map, and he, I think it was Nanagram of his name or Nanagram of someone's
 name.
 And it was a completely made up thing, but it got copied by maps and copied by maps and
 copied by maps, and then someone put a gas station where it should be, and they called
 it Aglow gas station, and now there's house there, and now it has become a real place.
 So now, he is...
 That's good to hear.
 He is no longer a liar.
 Yeah.
 And the map will map's launch last year, or the year before was it, and all those errors
 that were hilarious.
 One of which was the Senkaku islands, the Japan and China dispute, and Apple maps just made
 two.
 So there was one on the Chinese side and one on the Japanese side, just like my side.
 Isn't that nice?
 That's a good way of solving conflict.
 It is a good way.
 If it just made two crimeers, then Russian...
 You can't really have to worry about that.
 Yeah, because how often do they really go there?
 They just want to write it down, don't they?
 That they own it.
 They think they do.
 Yeah.
 They think it's as well.
 Because the...
 Mexico wanted...
 There's a bit...
 A bear and me hat island is strategically important, because if you get the water around it,
 you get a little oil deposits, and unfortunately for Mexico, it also vanished several years ago.
 So now they don't end up in that bit of water, it's...
 No, no.
 Because what you do is you own a certain distance around your land.
 And what it used to be, it was a distance that a cannon could fire.
 So you'd let...
 You'd own...
 Say a cannon could fire 500 metres, that's the distance.
 You would own out to sea.
 Wow.
 And it's changed over the sea.
 Come to sea.
 But that's what it originally was, yeah.
 Wow.
 I think that might've been in Reagan's time, certainly pretty sure it was in the 80s, America
 changed their rules and said, "Okay, it used to be the common distance.
 Now we're going to say we actually own 10 kilometres out to sea."
 And that increased the area of the United States by an enormous amount.
 I feel like we should mention, just in case there were people that I didn't know about
 California, in the fact that it was an island, until the 18th century, which is probably
 the most famous map cook-up and lasted from, I think it was, 1510, the first map appeared
 that made California into an island.
 And yeah, like Frances Drake went out, sailed out there, caught her, sailed out there, all
 sent voyages out there.
 And none of the managed to just come back and say, "No, it definitely isn't good."
 I think in one of the other Britannic as it said, it is unsure whether it is an island or
 peninsula.
 Yeah.
 There's a theory that it got confused with Guam, which is, if you look at a map, not
 very close at all.
 It was a very long way away.
 It was very far.
 They were doing, yeah, they were bigging themselves up there claiming they'd sailed to Guam.
 Do you know the Good Guam fact?
 No.
 And so Guam is this island in the Pacific, owned by America.
 They have a naval base there, and an air base there.
 And they drop some snakes there, some brown snakes, by accident, one day, just a couple
 of them.
 And with no other predators on the island, they multiplied and multiplied and multiplied.
 And now the one is just covered in snakes.
 I know the snake population.
 They've now dropped dead poisoned mice onto the island, stuffed with 80 milligrams of
 parasitamol, which is deadly to brown trees snakes, tied to miniature cardboard parachutes.
 I've read a story which is in the news about a mystery ghost ship that's carrying nothing
 but cannibal rats.
 That's a very, it's the same thing.
 They've multiplied and multiplied, and now they're worried that this ship is going
 to...
 They don't know if the ship is still out there, because they think storm is fine.
 It's been seen to our island, wasn't it?
 Yeah, yeah.
 But it's amazing.
 You could say they were pyratts.
 Yeah.
 Just around the window.
 Yeah, just a nice environment.
 Very good.
 Here we go.
 I have seen this.
 This has been debunked.
 Apparently there are no more inclined to eat one another than humans.
 Dr. Penny Hawkins of the RSPCA said, rats have a really bad press, and this doesn't
 help.
 Okay, let's head to the final fact of the show, fact number four, and let's see you, Andy.
 Okay, this is that male Pennsylvania grass spiders are much more likely to approach a female
 for sex if she has recently killed and eaten another male.
 Exactly.
 Because I think she's already sated, so maybe she won't eat them.
 This is the thing.
 If females typically only eat one male, so if your girlfriend is already killed and eaten
 one male, she's probably not going to kill and eat it.
 Yeah, it's you, it's the theory.
 So you think that for me.
 Yeah.
 And also, this is, some females don't kill and eat males, and there's these blurred lines.
 Exactly.
 Because you'd be waiting the whole time going, so if you eat in any one reason, wait.
 I don't remember.
 That's why you wouldn't approach.
 Because if you knew that females ate generally only one male, you would think, oh,
 well, I'll definitely go over the one who's definitely not going to eat me.
 Yeah.
 The redbacks actually ask for it, don't they?
 The redback male spiders sort of beg to be eaten, and I don't think people are 100% sure
 why.
 So basically, they come up to the female who's like 50 times as big as them, and they get
 onto that abdomen, and they put their palp, their kind of spider penis, into the lady.
 And then while they're doing that, they also use their palp to kind of sum assault themselves
 into the spider's mouth, and then she chooses them, because she's got two openings, so they
 can put the palp in both, and it's best if they get in there with both.
 They, so they repel themselves into her mouth.
 She feeds on them for a bit, so she sucks food out of this, like, males, abdomen, while
 he's still inserted into her.
 And then he inserts himself into, like, whole number two, and then spins back again into
 her mouth to let her eat the rest of him.
 Good grief.
 And there are more, which, there are more males which have techniques for not being
 eaten, though, those species which don't want to be.
 So some tetrag-nathid, please don't write them with pronunciation, though, spiders, have
 specialized jaws, which hold open the jaws of females during copulation, because they basically
 carry around sticks with which they can just leave her open her mouth, even though it takes
 to have sex.
 I know.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 The golden op spider is very similar to the first guy you were talking about, but they
 will only mate, or they prefer to mate with a spider who is currently eating another male,
 because she's busy eating, so she's just like, during dinner, he'll prefer to do it.
 Don't mind me.
 Just here.
 Wow.
 That's pretty much ultimate wingman behaviour, isn't it?
 Don't worry.
 I'll take the flak for this one.
 I really wish that women had what loads of other animals have, loads of spiders in sex,
 slugs, reptiles, birds have, and including the red-backed spider, which is cryptic female
 choice.
 Which is basically, it is the ability if someone has recently had sex with you to decide whether
 or not you're going to bother accepting their sperm and allow you to fertilise you.
 So they think that might be why it's good to get eaten as a red-backed by the woman, because
 then she likes you.
 She's like, "Oh, yeah, you sacrifice yourself to me.
 All right, fine.
 I'll let your sperm fertilise my egg."
 So they can, she can literally say, "Oh, not really, didn't we like you?"
 And how tasty it was, mate.
 Yeah, I guess so.
 Yeah, you were delicious.
 Oh, definitely have your offspring.
 That's amazing.
 But I like the term cryptic female choice.
 Yes, that is wonderful.
 So cannibalism is quite common in animal kingdom, not just in spires, is it?
 Yeah, I love it.
 Yeah.
 One of my favourite ones are those sharks.
 I can't remember the species, but they, in the womb, there's more than one shark.
 So they haven't been born yet, but they will fight each other and eat each other before
 they're even born.
 And I like the octopuses who will eat their own arm if they're stressed.
 So it's like auto cannibalism.
 Yeah.
 That's kind of why they'd want to what purpose does that serve?
 Just stressed.
 Come to me down.
 Come to me down.
 It's just like biting your nails.
 Have a cup of tea.
 And eat this.
 I would cease to become so soon into the process of eating my own arm.
 So going back to spiders, they have cannibals, aren't they?
 I remember reading, I don't know if this fact is true or not, but if you put 10,000 spiders in a room
 and just leave them to themselves, then they'll all keep eating each other.
 And in the end, you'll just end up with one big fat, satiated spider.
 So it's body would just be building on tiny legs.
 Wouldn't it be?
 Wouldn't that be okay?
 It's legs aren't going to grow.
 The spiders don't feed very often do this.
 That's not even the loose bones.
 And we should become giants.
 It's all eating giants.
 There'll be one big guy called Barry.
 Do you know that spiders' brains are so big enough that they spill into their legs?
 They're not big enough.
 Their heads are so small.
 They're right there.
 What's that again?
 So their brains spill into their legs?
 They have very small bodies, as I said.
 Very small heads, but they're mostly legs.
 So some spiders, the brains, will spill into their legs because the brains are bigger than the heads.
 It would be annoying to think that every time you've tripped over and grazed your knee,
 you might have brain damage.
 Imagine how stressed you'd be at home.
 Yeah, you'd probably bite your own arm off.
 But lions kill each other, which I didn't really realise.
 I know I'm so if a female lion has got a bunch of cubs that she's nursing
 and a male lion sees her and thinks, "Actually, I want to copulate with her."
 He can go and kill all the cubs, but within 24 hours of the male murdering their cubs,
 they'll be back on eat.
 They recover that fast.
 There's no morning period.
 They're just like, they're dead.
 So the Lion King really would just been the rest of them going for a Simba.
 Just get over it mate.
 Move on, have some sex.
 You're missing out on sex by me.
 And you were telling us about how often they have sex.
 Yes, when lions are in heat, it's 20 to 40 times a day.
 But it's always very for very short periods.
 Each coupling, as they call it, lasts for maybe 30 seconds.
 Well, wasn't there something about ladybirds about that?
 Yes, ladybirds have, they have a lot of sex, but they have sex for a very long time as well.
 So often it's for at least one or two hours.
 Sometimes it's up to nine hours, but that's mostly because the male wants to prevent the female
 from mating with any other males.
 But also, male ladybirds are so indiscriminate with who they approach that when they meet another ladybird,
 they will mount it, whether it's the same species of ladybird, whether or not it's the same sex.
 If it's a male ladybird, they mount.
 They just quickly dismount and pretend nothing's happened and walk off.
 Does it even have to be a ladybird?
 Like, when a ladybird flies lands on my arm, does it think that it's going to be me?
 What if I'm reading a ladybird?
 (laughter)
 It's the most beautiful ladybird ever.
 Okay, that's our show.
 Thanks everyone for listening.
 If you want to find out more about any of the subjects we've been talking about,
 we're going to put links, we're going to put videos, we're going to put pictures,
 and so on on our ki.com/podcastpage.
 We're also going to be on Twitter, constantly monitoring any ads that you have for us about things that we've said.
 Either wrong or right, if you just want to chat to us generally, say hi.
 I'm on @tribaland, Andy.
 I'm Andrew Hunter-M.
 I am @texshaped.
 And still not on Twitter, but buckling very quickly.
 So at the time of this podcast going out, she's at Quickopedia.
 And that's the official ki account.
 We're going to be back again next week with another episode of No Such Thing as a Bish.
 And we'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 [MUSIC]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
