 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Hello, and welcome to another episode.
 And no such thing as a fish this week coming to you
 from the hay festival in hay.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I'm sitting here with three other QILs.
 It's Anit Chazinski, James Harkin, and Andy Murray.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days.
 And in a particular order, here we go.
 Starting with you, Chazinski.
 Yes, did you imagine that these are specifically
 literary facts?
 Absolutely.
 You did mention it.
 Yeah, because it's a literary festival, right?
 And that's why I said it.
 That's why I thought you said it.
 So my literary fact is that the first ever novel
 ended mid-sentence.
 And this is a Japanese novel called The Tale of Genji.
 It was written in the early 11th century.
 So probably 1008, I think.
 And yeah, ended in the middle of a sentence.
 Was it like a cliffhanger ending?
 Kind of.
 I mean, not as melodramatic, but she's
 a character that's introducing another to character
 someone, and the end saying, caroo introduces him
 to the, you never find out who.
 And people don't know if that was intentional,
 or if she just died in the middle of gay guy.
 We've got bored of it.
 I think most critics think that it was intentional.
 I heard another version, which is like,
 she just carried on.
 She was going to carry on a carry on until she couldn't
 do it anymore.
 Because there's quite a lot of book, isn't it?
 Yeah, I think it's about 1100 pages.
 Yeah, 1100 pages.
 Yeah.
 Apparently, there's like 400 characters in there.
 Yeah.
 And none of them have names.
 No, none of them have names.
 I read in one-- how do you do that?
 Well, yeah, it must have been so confusing.
 So there are 400 characters.
 And apparently, at the time, it was rude in Japanese.
 It's all about Japanese aristocratic society
 in the 12th century.
 And it was rude to refer to someone by name,
 because it was thought as being unnecessarily familiar.
 So if a 400 characters, none of them
 would have to be referred to by name.
 So they're all like your ex-an-see, your majesty,
 his highness.
 Oh, so they still have titles, OK.
 Yeah, but I mean, there are 75 his highnesses.
 [LAUGHTER]
 What's the way so it'd be like, oh, what's he doing here?
 It said him, the key knew what he meant about him.
 That's a very cool way to end it.
 I like it.
 Yeah, it is.
 So she's a bit like a pre-curse of Tristan Jandit.
 She seemed to have interesting things
 she did with the form of the Nuffel.
 Look at the form of the Nuffel, which she just invented.
 It's a really bold new kind of novel, actually.
 She defied the convention that she created 400 pages earlier.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Bye.
 There's one bit.
 So two thousand of the way through she
 killed off the main character about whom
 the whole thing is written, the tale of Genji, just dies.
 And also, it doesn't really explain.
 He's been killed off.
 It's just that there's a blank chapter
 called "Vanished Into the Clouds" with no text in it.
 And then in the next chapter, it becomes apparent
 that the protagonist has died.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 Does anyone know what the first e-book was?
 No.
 That's a thing where it's like there's a few different claims,
 but probably the most likely was a book called "Uncle Roger"
 by Judy Malai.
 And you can still see it online.
 It's like all hyperlinked.
 And you go in there, and it's like there's
 been a party, and it has all the characters.
 You can click on the character, and it gives you
 their little story.
 And then you click on the next character, and you do that.
 It's like a "Choose Your Own Adventure" books,
 those things that they use to have.
 They were amazing those books, but they used to be.
 So good.
 And so reading that this was like "Choose Your Own Adventure"
 I thought I'd look into those.
 And apparently you can get adults to choose
 your own adventure books.
 Oh God.
 Yeah.
 And the two best sellers that I could find
 are called "Beer, Women, and Bad Decisions."
 [LAUGHTER]
 That's great.
 So it's good, doesn't it?
 It sounds like you're going to try and get the bad decisions.
 Yeah, it's like another point, or a position tonight.
 [LAUGHTER]
 That haven't worked.
 That's how most nights work.
 And the other best selling one I found
 is called "Night of a Thousand Boy Friends."
 [LAUGHTER]
 Night with a K.
 Oh.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So the first novel in the English language
 is obviously a different thing, because the tale of Genji
 is not in English.
 People often say it's Thomas Mallory's "Lomort D'Arso,"
 which I like the idea that the first
 novel written in English has a French title.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So I think it's actually this novel written in 1561
 called "Beware the Cat."
 [LAUGHTER]
 I think the main content of the first novel
 written in English is just by a printer's assistant
 called William Baldwin.
 It's kind of a horror novel about evil cats, really.
 It's about this-- for this guy, Eves drops on a cat.
 And he overhears a female cat on trial.
 And the female cat's called "Mal Slayer,"
 for obvious reasons.
 And she's having to explain to this court of other cats
 that she hasn't broken the cat's code of sexual conduct,
 which dictates that a female cat is not
 allowed to say no to any fewer than 10 male cats a night.
 So if you reject, you know, the 10th guy,
 you're up in court on trial.
 Anyway, here's over his list.
 Another point in this story, this first novel ever written,
 a priest slips on a cat and falls into a crowd.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
 Does he slip on the hat?
 Or does he slip on the hat?
 A cat!
 Oh, sorry.
 [LAUGHTER]
 He slipped on the hat.
 Sorry.
 And it's going to be Googling a book called
 "Be Where Are The Hats?"
 No, no, no, no, no.
 Oh, wait.
 What are these guys doing?
 Cats on trial.
 His priest does slip on it.
 And he ends up with his face in the bare arse of a boy
 who out of fear.
 What?
 What kind of an excuse is that?
 I slipped on a cat's face.
 I mean, they were the 15th century governor of banana skins.
 Ends up with his face in the bare arse of a boy who
 out of fear had to be shit himself.
 [LAUGHTER]
 First novel.
 Wow.
 Wow.
 That's the first novel.
 That is the first novel in English.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 So I was seeing what was happening in Europe
 at the same time as this book was being written,
 this Japanese one.
 And in 1008, Bishop Birchard of Worms
 was writing books on canon law, a book
 that he called "Corrector et medicus."
 And the idea was he would give it to the bishops
 and give it to the priests, and it would give them
 the rules of the penance that they would give out to people.
 So if he did something wrong, it would be like Five Hail
 Mary's, or whatever.
 But quite a lot of it seems to be very strange.
 One of the things was, if a woman had smothered a live fish
 inside her vagina, and then served it to men,
 or a classic prank, I really got it
 with the old vagina fish tonight.
 He won't put cling film under my toilet again.
 Either that or needing bread on her naked buttocks,
 then she would get a penance of two to five years
 fasting on feast days according to this book.
 So we were on endings of books earlier.
 So the first version of Hamlet has a happy ending, which
 is nice.
 And it's called Amleth, which is Hamlet
 with the h at the other end.
 That's the soul change.
 It does move the h.
 Was that some kind of like copyright or bad news with him?
 We can't do anything with Amleth.
 Wait a minute.
 And it's the same.
 And it's right down to stabbing someone
 who's hiding behind an aris, all of that stuff.
 But then, at the end of it, he
 kills the usurper, so his father's brother, his uncle.
 Killed the usurper, goes to England,
 marries the sexy queen of Scots, returns with an army,
 and then becomes king.
 And then he has two queens, one is his wife,
 and one is his mother, who was queen before.
 Wow.
 That's how it ends originally.
 I think they should redo it like that.
 Do we have it?
 Or we've just heard that it exists?
 I don't know.
 It's just about authors who sort of came up with something
 and then flipped into something else.
 Do you know how fear and loathing in Las Vegas started?
 Huntress Thompson's book.
 It was meant to be--
 and this is what he handed in when he handed in the majority
 of the book.
 It was actually originally meant to be a 250-word photo
 caption for sports illustrator.
 They wanted him to go cover a derby, and he started writing.
 And they were like, it's great.
 But we kind of needed a fit in here.
 Can you say the same stuff, but in there?
 Wow.
 That's amazing.
 What do they say?
 Bad news.
 We can't put that below as a caption.
 So we've had to just give you a book deal instead.
 No, no, no.
 They didn't like it at all, and he had to take it elsewhere.
 And of course they didn't like it at all.
 Read the mail online articles, and there's
 a one-line description of the photo.
 So and so turned up at a party looking nice.
 You don't want a 60,000-word novel there.
 OK, why don't we move on to our second fact,
 and that is James.
 OK, my fact this week is that JRR Tolkien and CS Lewis
 went to a party dressed as Polar Bears.
 It was not a fancy dress party.
 And then there's the average shame of turning up
 in the same thing as somebody else.
 So Tolkien and Lewis, they were really good friends, of course.
 Well, not always.
 No, not always.
 You'll probably get onto that in a few seconds.
 No, no, please.
 Sorry, do we know the circumstances of a fancy dress party?
 Or is that just amazing?
 No, really, it seems to-- I read it in a book.
 It was a biography of Tolkien.
 And it was like, here's one of the funny things
 that he used to do.
 He used to do that.
 He used to do that.
 Yeah, I know.
 But he used to like dressing up a lot.
 Yeah, he-- and not even when it was an fancy dress party,
 just in day-to-day life, really.
 Yeah, yeah.
 He apparently very famously dressed up
 as an axe-wielding Anglo-Saxon warrior
 and chased his neighbor down the road.
 So after they met for the very first time,
 C.S. Lewis wrote in his diary about Tolkien,
 "No harm in him.
 Only needs a smack or so."
 So they did-- they were very good friends for a long time.
 And then they had a rival relator.
 Tolkien, eventually, they had meetings
 of a group called The Inclins, which
 is a sort of famous literary salon in a pub in Oxford.
 And they would read out their stuff to each other.
 And eventually, Tolkien didn't even
 go along to meetings when he knew that C.S. Lewis
 was going to read out Narnia's stuff.
 That's how bad it got.
 He really did lie the allegory in Narnia.
 He said that writing an allegory, which Narnia--
 a lot of people say it is.
 Yeah, I think it is.
 He said that allegory was a very lazy form of writing,
 and he didn't really approve of it.
 So that's what it was.
 One of the things that The Inclins did
 is they would hold competitions
 to see who could read a particular lady's work without laughing.
 She was the worst writer.
 What?
 In the world.
 Was this a particular writer, or just
 did they find any woman awful?
 Oh, great.
 Look, because the lady said it.
 It just sounded like they were all massive sects.
 Yeah, it's true.
 It did sound like that.
 It still sounds pretty good.
 It does sound like that.
 So this lady was called Amanda McKittrick-Ross.
 She wrote lots of fiction, and here's
 some examples of things that she said.
 She refers to eyes as globes of glare.
 She refers to legs as bony supports.
 And she refers to pants as southern necessity.
 Well, that one's got assamence.
 The first one had litteration.
 I mean, this is like ticking all the literary boxes,
 as far as I can tell.
 OK.
 She called sweat globules of liquid lava.
 Lovely.
 That's great.
 This is a down good, similarly.
 OK.
 I'll be right there, so I'm not going to be sorry.
 One of the main reason--
 but I think the main reason actually
 is that Tolkien objected to C.S. Moses' allegory.
 And I just think this is quite interesting.
 It's not funny at all.
 But Tolkien was a strict Catholic.
 And he-- so for instance, when they started at the start
 of the 20th century, even in Catholic mass,
 they would start saying that in English,
 he would say the mass very loudly
 and let in in the middle of church.
 Well, they were saying in English to make clear his thoughts.
 But he didn't object.
 So C.S. Moses was an Anglican, so Tolkien--
 so he didn't really believe that the word of God
 should only be spoken through like priests and members
 of the clergy, whereas Tolkien did.
 So Tolkien thought that it wasn't C.S. Lewis's place
 to be telling people about religion,
 because he wasn't members of the clergy.
 It was just, you know, it was quite interesting.
 Also, Lewis nominated Tolkien for the Nobel Prize
 for Literature in 1961, and the committee rejected him.
 And they only recently have released the papers,
 which-- because they have a sort of 50-year rule
 on the committee's decisions.
 And they rejected Tolkien, saying that he was a bad storyteller.
 No, they said the storytelling area just
 not up to scratch.
 Wow.
 Yeah, cool.
 You know that Lord of the Rings--
 I don't know if this is really common knowledge,
 but the Beatles tried to option it to make it into a movie,
 and they approached Stanley Kubrick to make it.
 And what?
 I think everyone decided it was a bad idea.
 Once they all saw-- yeah, but--
 Yeah, that would have been amazing.
 They were going to play all the characters.
 They were going to play all the characters.
 We were going to play all the characters.
 The Beatles, Lord of the Rings.
 It would have been amazing.
 I think quite red is-- like, there are so many theories
 about why it was rejected.
 And I don't even know why they used to be a theory.
 It's quite obvious.
 But--
 We're going to do it.
 And then they were like, no, he's such a terrible writer.
 We love the Beatles.
 We love Kubrick and the Beatles.
 But you know--
 The top thing thing.
 I read one theory that it was because Paul and John were fighting
 over who got to play Gander.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah, that was what a tourer did part of it.
 That's great.
 Some things on fancy dress.
 Yeah.
 Oh, we're here.
 There's a lady called Sharnie Christy, who lives in Kent.
 And she has a phobia of people in costumes,
 which the newspaper article called Metamphysomiophobia.
 And she works in theatre.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So she said, people think it's quite funny
 that I'm working in something that means I'm
 around people in costume all the time.
 I have to watch people get dressed in costume in order
 to reassure myself that I know who they are.
 So she has to watch them get changed,
 just so she knows it's not a fantastic excuse
 of being a pervert.
 I'm not saying that.
 Yeah.
 But also-- so she's not only got a fear of people in costume,
 she suddenly recognizes them as the character
 that they're playing.
 Yes.
 So she's like at the Lion King.
 She'll be like, hey, Mike, have a good Symbol.
 Let's evacuate to this.
 There's a Lion Loan.
 Is that the zoo?
 It's me.
 Yes, me again.
 Every night for the same.
 Hello, LemonZoo.
 There are a lot of cats everywhere.
 Do you say hats?
 No, cats.
 I want to know when people started dressing
 as really crazy things.
 Because they used to dress as aristocracy
 or people from different ancient Greeks.
 You would dress up as ancient Greeks or Trojans.
 And I think I've pinned down one early date
 in terms of dressing as crazy things, which was 1745.
 King Louis the 15th of France had a masked ball at Versailles.
 There were 15,000 guests.
 And everyone was in nice dresses and with masked.
 But he and several of his goughtiers turned up dressed
 as clipped "you" hedges.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Is that you?
 And I think that's the year 0 for dressing as stupid stuff.
 And just speaking of French, fancy dress.
 Do you know the Charles the Fourth of France,
 the story of the dance of the burning men, actually?
 This was a fancy dress party.
 And Charles the Fourth and the load of his goughtiers
 came dressed as sabbages, which meant they blacked up.
 And they covered themselves in pitch tar
 and they chained themselves together.
 And then when they arrived at the party, one of the other guests
 wanted to see have a good look at their costume.
 So he went up to them with a naked flame.
 And they were all wearing pitch tar.
 And they were all chained together.
 And they all went up.
 And I think two people were burned alive.
 Two people died within days of their injuries.
 And it really-- like he was pretty mad to self-ly,
 but that really ticked him, although.
 Wow.
 Fancy dresses are dangerous games.
 You shouldn't do it.
 Americans got really into fancy dress in the 19th century,
 didn't they?
 And they would dress up as European aristocracy and wear.
 So it was like--
 I think the general consensus is, because people weren't
 really doing it in Europe.
 The America didn't really have at that time
 an aristocracy or a history of its own in terms of--
 you know, it didn't have a great nebility.
 It didn't have all these big families.
 And so it kind of-- what was the quote?
 It bought its own history.
 And so people would buy, like Mary Antoinette's,
 genuine jewels and costumes, and then go wearing them to parties.
 And you'd go to a party with like 1,200 guests,
 like the Vanderbilties to hold these amazing parties
 in the 19th century.
 And it would be a competition as to who
 had the most genuine artefacts that
 used to belong to a great British king or a great friend
 ruler or--
 Yeah, so it used to be a bigger deal than just buying
 a £10 plastic, which is costume, the local Scotland.
 Honebes.
 Oh, yeah.
 Honebes were in the original fact.
 That's what they were.
 Yeah, they dressed up as Honebes.
 This is just because I discovered coincidentally last week
 that pollution in the sea and then in the seas at the poles
 is contaminating various wildlife there.
 And Honebes' penises are getting weaker.
 Their penis bones are being shrunken.
 Well, they say that, but it is cold up there.
 They really don't need that expert skew.
 It's getting warmer though.
 And that's true.
 So the female polar bears are going, it's getting warmer.
 That's still nothing.
 Well, well, well, where is it?
 You've been promising me for two million years.
 And yet it's the pollutants.
 That's what they claim.
 They don't know why quite a bit of us have penis bones,
 but they are getting smaller.
 And they think it's going to do some kind of damage.
 Most animals have penis bones, don't they?
 No, they don't.
 Most of us on this panel--
 Oh, most of animals have penis bones.
 Yes, yes.
 And in the Victorian times they wore badger penis bones
 as typums.
 Yeah.
 Have you seen a walrus penis bone?
 I've held one.
 They're extraordinary.
 I was thinking of the walrus at the time.
 When the walrus asks, just say no, Dan.
 I was out of fancy dress, and I was saying this was walrus.
 OK.
 Hey, very quickly, this is just to bring it back
 to Tolkien and CS Lewis.
 CS Lewis died the same day as Aldous Hotsley.
 We lost two literary juggernauts that day.
 And it kind of really didn't register with anyone
 because someone else died that day, JFK.
 And they just completely--
 no one actually knows they're dead yet as a result, yeah.
 All right, so in the Guinness Book of Regals,
 we're all just writers.
 Yeah.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Hotsley in this.
 We need to move on because we're really
 running past our time here.
 OK, time for fact number three.
 And that is Andrew Hunter Murray.
 My fact is about Agatha Christie.
 And it's that Agatha Christie thought
 that Hercules Poirot, her most famous creation,
 was a, quote, "detestable, bombastic, tiresome,
 egocentric little creep."
 She hated him from quite early on as well in her career.
 And she wrote an essay called Why I Got Fed Up With Poirot.
 And she really, really didn't like him.
 And she wrote his death story in 1945, which
 was 30 years before she died.
 So she wanted to write it quite early.
 And she left instructions that when she died,
 that story should be published.
 So she would take him down with her.
 Absolutely.
 And she even kept the manuscripts in a bank vault.
 That's how much she disliked Poirot's character.
 And then when she was 85 with her own hell failing,
 she decided to publish it so that she would outlive him,
 I think, is what I think she wanted to do.
 But when she did publish the story,
 Poirot got a front page obituary in The New York Times,
 which I think is, might be, even more than she got.
 So really?
 Yeah, I'm not sure.
 I don't know why she was role news day, isn't it?
 It's the only fictional obituary they've ever published.
 Yeah.
 And so even in death, he was really, really famous.
 And she couldn't get away to properly block him on the head.
 Was it from page of the obituary section?
 Nope.
 It was from page of the paper.
 Of the paper.
 Yeah.
 Jesus.
 We say they're dumbing down today.
 That's what I was talking about.
 It is weird when you hear authors hating
 those central characters.
 Yeah.
 When you didn't know, don't they?
 Who was Sherlock Holmes?
 Yeah, Conan Doyle killed off Sherlock.
 And then, did you hear what chaos that created
 when he killed off Sherlock Holmes?
 I've got, yeah, I found a bunch of stuff.
 Basically, he just got, so he killed him off.
 And then all these letters came in, which one began,
 you brute, like they just treated it as if it was real.
 I'm like the trolling of its day.
 Yeah.
 It's a writer letter to someone saying,
 you brute.
 Yeah.
 A lady picketed his house, fans wore black iron bands,
 20,000 people canceled their subscriptions to the strand
 magazine, which was being published as a periodical.
 And yeah, and then I guess he eventually brought it back.
 But that must have been a confusing time.
 So, A.M.L. really hated Winnie the Pooh.
 Winnie the Pooh, yeah.
 That's so cruel.
 Everyone hated Winnie the Pooh, didn't they?
 Did they?
 All of its creations.
 A.M.L hated Winnie the Pooh, Christopher Robin.
 Yeah, he well played.
 So, I mean, his life was kind of ruined by the fact
 that he was Christopher Robin.
 And he always resented, I think that's it.
 So, how was Christopher Robin, A.M.L.?
 Sun, yeah.
 Yeah, he resented that.
 And the guy did the illustrations, who was fine by his name,
 but he said, E.H. Shepherd, ruined his life as well,
 ruined his career, everyone defined him by Winnie the Pooh.
 Did they all have meetings where they're going,
 not this shit again?
 If only we could stop doing it somewhere.
 And the other thing that Mill hated about it was that it made people think
 that he liked children.
 And he said, I have never felt in the least sentimental about them.
 So, but he did have a son.
 Yeah, I was taking dictations and he was really into that.
 Take a note, it's a crap.
 And yeah, the very difficult relationship with his side,
 which kind of, you know, seems to be explained by this sensation.
 And so, one thing you can do, if you really dislike your character,
 this is something that Agatha Christie did.
 I love this.
 She put a version of herself in her own books,
 a mystery novelist called Ariadne Oliver.
 And in the novels that Agatha Christie wrote,
 this fictional novelist, Ariadne Oliver,
 hates her most famous creation,
 who is a vegetarian, finished detective called Sven Herson,
 who, and she appears in six novels,
 this character who hates her, her main character.
 And she, Oliver says, if I ever met that bony, gangling,
 vegetable eating fin in real life,
 I'd do a better murder than any I've ever invented.
 That's a really good idea.
 This is how much she'd disliked it.
 It's a really good idea of putting yourself in novels,
 and then, like, and then the guy said,
 oh, easy jitter, idiot, something.
 Everything that you're annoyed with, you could put in your book.
 Another person who hates your creation now is Annie Prue,
 who wrote, broke that mountain.
 Oh, yeah, because of fan fiction.
 So she hates the fact now.
 So she was like nominated for a Pulitzer Prize.
 She wrote this brilliant short story.
 And she says she wish she'd never done it,
 because she's plagued by fan fiction now,
 by people writing either sequels to broke that mountain
 or alternative endings to broke that mountain.
 And she said, the vast majority of them are people
 who, so the majority of them are people
 who start their letters with, I'm not gay, but.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And then go on to give an alternative ending,
 by the two male characters then, up together.
 I've written an intense searing homo-erotic series of, yeah, yeah.
 And I've never written anything before in my life.
 And that's not the point-- yeah, yeah.
 It's not weird.
 Oh, yeah.
 It's just every day, I'm more homo-erotic
 than to different people saying they're not gay.
 But it does-- yeah, there are, I think,
 more than 100 sequels to Pride and Prejudice.
 And obviously, it's been 200 years, so there's a lot.
 But in one of them, Elizabeth Darcy, as she becomes,
 is widowed, Darcy is dead.
 And then she has to defend England from invasion
 by Napoleon in a fleet of hot air balloons.
 And I've never tracked down this book.
 But if I do, I am reading the hell out of it.
 It sounds so good.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And we need to move on, guys, by the way.
 But if anyone-- does anyone have anything else?
 Nothing that's short enough.
 I've got-- I've got-- I've just one last thing, which
 is I really like when, as you're saying,
 Poirot goes on the front page of newspapers.
 I love it when these characters seep into the real world.
 And there's a thing I read that, which is The Met.
 And all crime departments in Britain, or the police,
 they use a national computer system, which
 is developed, basically, for major crime inquiries.
 All the British forces use it.
 And it's called the Home Office Large Major Inquiry System.
 But everyone refers to it by acronym Homes.
 So quite nice.
 And there, as well, is a training program
 for it called Elementary.
 Should we move on to the final?
 Yeah, yeah.
 OK.
 Time for our final fact of the show.
 And that is my fact.
 So we've been talking about books this whole time.
 So I thought I'd find a fact, which
 was about the enemy of the books, the television.
 So my fact is that before he invented the television,
 John Logie Baird invented a pair of socks
 to wear underneath your socks.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And who can say which history will judge the greater invention?
 I'm not calling it.
 I just-- I love that fact, because I just think that's--
 because if you look at the history of his inventions,
 as well, prior to the television, he invented, as well,
 a razor, which was rust proof.
 You could never make it rust, but it never ended up selling
 because it was made of glass, and it shattered on people's
 basis and ended up passing it.
 OK.
 He made a glass razor.
 It doesn't rust, but it slices your face off.
 It slices your face off, yeah.
 He made some pneumatic shoes that had balloons in them
 that he thought they'd pull your feet off.
 But just that's his history.
 And then suddenly, the television, it just makes no sense.
 But the socks were actually quite good, wasn't they?
 They were amazing.
 Yeah, how did they work?
 So they're not designed to protect against moisture
 from the outside.
 It's the moisture that your feet create
 when you're walking around the day.
 So they were for soldiers in the First World War,
 and they're sprinkled with a chemical called Borax,
 which absorbs the moisture from your foot.
 So you put it under your foot, facing upwards as a way.
 You put it on that way, then you put your sock over that,
 then your shoe over that.
 And soldiers in the trenches swore by it,
 and it made him a huge amount of money.
 It's what let him resign his job as an electrical engineer.
 Yeah.
 One soldier said, I find the bird on the socks
 keep my feet in splendid condition out here in France.
 Foot trouble is one of our worst enemies,
 but thanks to the bird on the sock,
 mine are in the pink.
 Now, we can just make an anti-jermen sock
 then put my father worst enemy in my house.
 [LAUGHTER]
 It's a joke.
 It does rather, yeah, the worst enemy being foot trouble is.
 That's a sense of letter.
 I would have changed it.
 And through the officers.
 But he advertised them in the newspaper
 and managed to sell one pair doing that.
 So initially it was a complete failure.
 And then he built a plywood tank
 and carried it around the streets of Glasgow
 with the bed under sock written on the side.
 And then he sold loads.
 Yeah.
 This was during the war, though, wasn't it?
 So like, a big tank going through the streets
 you got down through in the war.
 People look at scary.
 So he made these socks, and then he got ill for a while, didn't he?
 And then when he got better, he suddenly
 realized he had loads of money in his account
 because people had bought all these socks.
 Will he win us?
 That's what he was.
 Didn't he go away?
 Oh, gone away.
 But when he got all this money, he went to Trinidad.
 And he started up a jam factory.
 Unfortunately, the local insect life either ran off with the sugar
 or landed in the hot fats and boiling preserve.
 Wow.
 I think I read.
 And so it never took off, because it was just insects.
 Just full of insects.
 And so he lost a bit of money from that and then came back.
 And then it was when he invented television.
 When he came back before inventing television,
 he had the sock business and the--
 The razor?
 The jam and the razor.
 And he then had 200 quid left.
 He was really broke.
 So he decided to buy two tons of Australian honey, cheap,
 and selling it for people.
 And then he bought a ton of soap and he sold that.
 Wow.
 And then television.
 Complete out of no way.
 To be fair, the television thing was something
 that he really dreamed about making quite early on.
 And he couldn't do it.
 So he had all these other businesses that went along the way.
 So they were just kind of maybe a smoke screen.
 There's other inventions to throw people off the sand.
 They absolutely were in that, as well as when he would just
 make these other things.
 When he was making the TV, any time he had a photo
 where he was showing how he was making the TV,
 he would put in fake objects.
 So that no one who saw the photo could go, OK,
 so he's got that and got that.
 So he would misplace.
 Oh, yeah, yeah.
 He was so unique.
 OK, so it looks like he needs two tons of cheap Australian
 honey to get the TV to work.
 How has he done that?
 Where did the socks go?
 I don't know.
 He was saying about the electricity.
 When he was working in Glasgow, he decided
 to try and make artificial diamonds
 by passing electricity through a stick of graphite.
 And he put so much electricity through the stick of graphite
 that he caused a blackout over the whole of Glasgow.
 Wow.
 There's a weird coincidence in his life, as well.
 Just one of those tiny things that's actually--
 it's quite nice when you discover it.
 He went to school with a guy who was called--
 so this was his classmate.
 This is his actual classmate.
 He went to school with a guy called J.C.W. Rief,
 who we now know as Lord Rief.
 So basically, the inventor of the television
 went to school with the man who defined television
 for the BBC in England.
 That's an absolutely insane coincidence.
 And he got bullied by Lord Rief all the time.
 He just bullied the hell out of him.
 And Lord Rief's parents had to pull him out of school
 because he was just too much of a menace in that school.
 Wow, really?
 Lord Rief was a bit of a--
 He was a bully, yeah.
 Yeah, it's amazing.
 That's a jolly good thing.
 I'll get back at him.
 I'll invent something that's so good.
 He won't ever be able to take part in it.
 He'll have nothing.
 I've read-- I cannot believe this is true.
 That originally, when the BBC sent out experimental
 transmissions, which was in 1929, that John Lugabaird
 had to pay the BBC to transmit his images.
 Right, he's just so topsy to--
 Or be cut, yeah, but like Lord Rief.
 For as much as he's done for TV--
 and if you haven't heard the name Lord Rief,
 in this country, most people have him assuming.
 He's the guy who absolutely defined how
 BBC became the thing that it is.
 He hated television.
 Yeah, of course he did.
 Yeah, as you know, we know Baird, isn't it?
 His salary was £5,000 and a mean wedgie.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Just on author's early inventions and early careers,
 before they did the thing that we know them for,
 can I tell you very quickly about Daniel DeFoe?
 Yes, please.
 OK, his early jobs--
 and obviously Robinson Crusoe and the general of the plague
 gear, all these incredible works.
 Before that, his early jobs included selling hosiery,
 dealing wine, investing in a diving bell
 to recover sunken treasure, and harvesting
 musk from the anal glands of cats.
 Did she say hats?
 No.
 No.
 No.
 [LAUGHTER]
 It really happened with this.
 In 1692, he bought 70 civic cats, but 850 quid,
 because the Dutch made perfume using the musk, which
 they secrete as the base ingredient.
 And he hated them.
 And then to get the musk, an attendant
 had to put them in a special cage so they could only face one
 way.
 They couldn't turn around.
 And then, I'm quoting here, I used a spatula
 to scrape out the butter-like secretion
 that gathered in a pouch between the tail and the anus.
 And then he lost the cats, because he didn't even own them.
 He didn't taste them properly.
 He got them more money by borrowing it.
 And then, to keep them, he defrauded his own mothering
 law, who then sued him, like he was a disaster.
 But that was his-- yeah.
 So whose cat-- they were just wandering cats?
 No, they were owned by someone else.
 And he bought them with borrowed money.
 And then someone else said, no, I want my cats back.
 You can use them, but you don't own them.
 And also, where's their anal butter?
 [LAUGHTER]
 We've been stealing that.
 I can't believe it's not civic cat-able butter.
 [LAUGHTER]
 We're going to have to wrap up.
 OK, that's it.
 That's all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you would like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we've said over the course of this podcast,
 we can all be gone on Twitter, and on @Streiberland.
 Andy.
 Andrew Hunter M. James.
 Art, Ed Shakes.
 Anna.
 You can email podcast@QI.com.
 And we will be back again next week.
 By the way, thank you so much for being here tonight, guys.
 This has been really fun.
 For those listening at home, we'll be back again next week.
 And then on their episode, we'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 [APPLAUSE]
 [CHEERING]
 [APPLAUSE]
 [APPLAUSE]
 [APPLAUSE]
 [APPLAUSE]
 [APPLAUSE]
 [APPLAUSE]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
