 (upbeat music)
 (speaking in foreign language)
 - Hello and welcome to another episode
 of "No Such Thing as a Fish" a weekly podcast
 this week coming to you from Cambridge.
 My name is Dan Treiber and please welcome
 to the stage, it's the regular elves,
 Andy Murray, Anna Chazinski, and James Harkin.
 (audience cheering)
 (audience applauding)
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days
 and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with you, Andy Murray.
 - My fact this week is that before trains had corridors,
 guards had to climb along the outside of the carriage
 to check your ticket.
 (audience laughing)
 That is so amazing.
 - And they did it while the train was moving.
 - And this was a thing, this happened.
 Carriages used to not be, you couldn't go through a carriage.
 You would get in at one end, they closed the door,
 they'd lock it, you were locked in for the whole journey,
 then at the other end they'd unlock it, and that you'd get.
 And it was just across the train,
 instead of front to back through the train.
 - Well you locked in for health and safety reasons.
 - I think partly you were locked in
 so you wouldn't try and sneak into first class.
 - Wow, yeah.
 - I don't think they were that bothered about
 health and safety, if you have a guy climbing
 on the outside of the carriage.
 - Indeed, that's where it seems to fall down.
 How did it get, was there a ledge?
 - There was a little, they call it a running board.
 So just on the outside of the carriage
 at the bus, there's a little plate that you could climb on.
 But it wasn't even a continuous running board,
 it was intermittent, so you had to climb along
 between the beds, and the people did suggest,
 why don't we give people a continuous running board?
 And the train company said,
 "No, no, passengers will use them to sneak into first class."
 (audience laughing)
 - How good was first class?
 - It was, it was awful, 'cause it was 1840.
 - Oh yeah, these people's are desperate.
 - I bet in those days you just had to always
 know where your ticket was, 'cause if you were stuck
 there going, "Oh, where is it in this guy's outside going?
 "Find the ticket!"
 There is a tunnel coming.
 (audience laughing)
 - How fast did the trains used to go?
 - Well, these were really early ones, so maybe,
 I mean, about 40 miles an hour comfortably.
 - People thought that if they went over a certain speed,
 then your body wouldn't be able to deal with it, didn't they?
 - Yeah, they said that the human body would not be able
 to endure speeds of 25 miles per hour.
 Someone said that to start off with.
 And then someone else in America wrote that if a woman's body
 accelerated past 50 miles an hour,
 then her uterus would go shooting out of her body.
 (audience laughing)
 - And that's the plot of speed three.
 (audience laughing)
 - You'll never look as tangible
 like the same way again.
 - When trains first got to the Isle of White,
 well, they were taken to the Isle of White, obviously.
 (audience laughing)
 Wasn't a rogue train, which went off the rails.
 (audience laughing)
 - So the first ever journey, it was a four mile track
 and it went along its route in less than 10 minutes.
 And I think that's, I've worked it out about 30 miles an hour,
 give or take, we're not sure exactly at the time.
 But that was apparently faster than anyone had ever traveled
 on the Isle of White until that point in history.
 - That's pretty cool.
 I was reading about in the 1800s, 1827,
 there was a race between a train and a horse.
 But, and check it out, this is a bit unfair on the horse's side.
 The horse was towing a train.
 (audience laughing)
 - It was unfair.
 (audience laughing)
 - It was back in the day when horses used to pull trains
 prior to the engine.
 And so this was an example of showing
 that potentially an engine could beat a horse.
 And it probably would have, but one of the wheels
 or a little band around the wheels burst.
 And so they had to stop the train.
 So it wasn't the lead and then the horse took over.
 But there was an actual, let's have this as a big race,
 horse versus train.
 - So things were always going wrong.
 So at the 1829 display of, you know,
 which train is the best train,
 10 different types of train entered this competition.
 Five of them didn't even show up on the day.
 So I think broke down before they made it to the venue.
 So five trains entered.
 Stevenson's rocket being one of them.
 And only one of them completed the trial.
 So Stevenson's rocket didn't win because it was the best.
 It won because it was the only train
 that managed to not break.
 Or so the cycloped, do you remember the cycloped train,
 which was one of the--
 - I remember it personally.
 - I mean, I know I'm old.
 - I didn't think of you, but.
 - I did look at you directly there for a reason.
 - The cycloped train sounds like a quite a cool design,
 which is a, it's led by a horse,
 but it's a horse on a treadmill.
 And the horse, the treadmill that the horse is walking
 on powers the train.
 - Oh, yeah, yeah.
 - Yeah, so really cool.
 But the horse, the demonstrations,
 the horse fell through the floor of the train.
 And so that failed, obviously.
 - I once fell on a treadmill.
 (laughing)
 Anyone want to hear that?
 No.
 Really?
 Oh, okay, I was a kid.
 It was my first time on a treadmill.
 So one of the ones that you put the actual is electric
 and it was going like crazy.
 I put it up to 10 and I thought this is going to be incredible.
 And I tested with my hands on the side,
 whether I could run on it.
 And I thought, yeah, that's easy.
 So, with one jump, I just jumped onto it
 and immediately my two legs went,
 "Whoop!"
 And I fell on my face on it.
 I got shot off the back, but it was on a carpet.
 And so everything went right off it except for my face.
 And for about half a minute,
 I was going, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb.
 That explains an awful lot.
 (laughing)
 - It does also explain why I didn't get into, "Okay, go."
 (laughing)
 - Do you guys know about the city of crush in Texas?
 - No, it was from an extremely brief period,
 the second largest city in Texas.
 This was in 1896.
 And that was because 40,000 people came to it.
 And that was because someone had decided to stage
 a train crash.
 So this was 40,000 people went to,
 it was organized by this guy called William Krush.
 And he said, I guess we're going to say, yeah.
 He said he was going to just fire two trains towards each other.
 So he had like four miles of track created for the purpose.
 And 40,000 people came.
 And there was such demand that people did have to sit
 on top of trains in order to get there
 'cause they couldn't squeeze into the carriages.
 And then at 5 p.m., these two trains started going towards
 each other, picking up speed, picking up speed.
 And Krush stood right in the middle of the railway
 on a white horse and then he waved a big flag,
 saying they're coming.
 It's all right, he survived.
 - Oh, thank God.
 (laughing)
 - He stepped out of the way sort of at the last minute.
 The two trains crashed into each other.
 Both of their boilers exploded and a bunch of people died.
 - So when he said it's all right, it wasn't completely all right.
 - Well, here's the thing.
 Krush got fired that evening and then the company
 that he worked for, Relented and Hired him again,
 the next day, the rail company.
 And he worked at the same rail company
 for the rest of his life.
 - What?
 - We're going to need to move on
 to the next fact soon, ish.
 - Okay, so there's a guy called Andrew Dowd.
 He's from Wiggin, up in my neck of the woods.
 And he visited all 2,548 railway stations in Britain
 between 2010 and 2014 in his car.
 (laughing)
 - Need we ask why?
 - Well, people asked him that in the newspaper articles,
 but he didn't really kind of have a very good reason.
 He said, I started doing it round near where I lived
 and I kind of enjoyed it.
 So I thought I'd do the whole country.
 And they said to him, asked him what he did.
 And he said, I take a little look around if it's interesting,
 but most out, very interesting.
 (laughing)
 - Wow.
 - Why not?
 - Yeah.
 - I like to think there's an equivalent train driver
 who's planning to visit all the petrol stations
 in Britain on the train.
 (laughing)
 - Wouldn't it be visiting all the car parking spaces?
 - Yeah, right, there was a bad analogy.
 Yeah, that's better.
 - No, it was harder to visit all the car parking spaces
 'cause there are so many these days.
 (laughing)
 Anyway.
 (laughing)
 - Okay, time for fact number two.
 (laughing)
 And that is James Harkin.
 - Okay, my fact this week is that Ernest Shackleton's
 dog's names included slippery sloppers,
 satin, painful, swanker, bummer, and bob.
 (laughing)
 It's swankish over, he's the wanker.
 (laughing)
 Do you know the history?
 - Well, they all had different names for different reasons.
 I got this fact actually from a guy on Twitter called
 @davepain164, and it made me laugh,
 and so I thought I'd use it on the podcast,
 and it kind of fits in with one thing that I like,
 which is just going through lists of ridiculous data
 and trying to find funny bits or whatever.
 But they got the names for lots of different reasons.
 Some of them were nicknames that are people on the ship.
 So it could have been short for he's a wanker, I guess.
 It's possible.
 The dogs all came from Canada and they had names already.
 So some of them like Bob was already a name,
 and they just kept that.
 So some of them were changed like Bismarck, Napoleon,
 and three dogs all named Carlos.
 (laughing)
 They had to change all of those.
 (laughing)
 - What a great name for a dog.
 (laughing)
 - What's the, in just like a basic two sentences
 or a few more, Shackleton, just the background of Shackleton?
 - Polar Explorer.
 Went down to try and get to the South Pole, didn't quite make it.
 Became the furthest South of that anyone had ever got.
 Abinson beat him to the South Pole,
 and so he went on another expedition
 to go across the whole of the South Pole from one side
 to the other, and then ended in disaster again.
 And he became famous for a big sort of escape
 from the ice-filled islands of Elephant's Island.
 - Okay.
 - And now you don't need to watch the 12-part documentary
 (laughing)
 Shackleton.
 I like this.
 So there were a bunch of quite interesting people
 on board the expedition.
 So they had like official photographer, Frank Hurley,
 who used to like risk his life trying to get good photos
 because his only priority on this life-and-daging expedition
 was to make sure he could make money when he saw the pictures
 when he got back so he'd climb right to the top of the mast
 or go out onto the yard arm and hang from it to take good photos.
 And they also had an on-ship artist.
 And I just like this quote,
 I kind of remember where I read this in an account
 of when they were stranded on Elephant Island.
 So they were sort of like, we're definitely going to die now.
 No one's going to find us here.
 How on earth are we going to survive?
 And at one point, it was said this ship's artist,
 George Marston, allowed his remaining oil paints
 to be used as glue to make the canvases cover the shelter properly.
 And I like the idea that there was a little bit of a debate there.
 I have more facts about the dogs.
 I do want.
 So they were trapped on the ice for months and months and months.
 I think 15 months, maybe, and an amazing amount of time.
 So Frank Hurley wrote loads of notes about all the dogs.
 And there was Shakespeare, a steamer, Wallaby Satan,
 who was a treacherous brute.
 Sue is a flirt.
 [LAUGHTER]
 They've been on the ice for a long time, haven't they?
 Bummer.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And then there was Snapper.
 It does not snap at all.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And they built the dogs a town.
 They built a little town.
 They called Dog Town.
 They built a lot of dog igloos out of ice and wood.
 And they built a pup-loo for the puppies that have been born.
 And they built a pig-loo because they had some pigs with them as well.
 A pig-loo.
 Yeah, that's great, isn't it?
 It's pretty cool.
 But they ate a lot of these animals.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And they had a ship's cat as well.
 They did.
 The ship's cat was called Mr. Chippy.
 Mrs. Chippy?
 Yes, Mrs. Chippy.
 It was always a male.
 Yeah.
 And it belonged to the cruise carpenter, Harry McNiss.
 And they decided to kill it because it was using up a lot of the meat.
 But Harry McNiss was not very happy about that at all
 and got into a massive fight with Shackleton, didn't he?
 Yeah.
 He was Scottish, wasn't he?
 Yeah, that's right.
 Harry McNiss.
 And someone who met him said the only thing I ever heard him talk about
 was the fact that Shackleton killed his cat, which, you know,
 they were in a difficult spot, I think.
 But he then really got furious.
 And he and Shackleton, as you say, had a huge route.
 And he was the only one of the expedition.
 I think all 28 men survived.
 There was a separate supply mission where a few of them end up.
 But all of the men with Shackleton survived.
 It was this huge survival story.
 He was the only one later denied this polar medal
 that all the others got for insubordination.
 Wow.
 You know that Shackleton's medals went up for sale
 in auction not too long ago.
 And they got a ridiculous amount of money.
 It was about 800,000 pounds.
 And I started looking into the kind of stuff
 that gets auctioned off from those trips.
 Discovered that-- this is quite recent--
 one of the biscuits that they didn't eat
 went up for auction recently and was bought for 1,250 euros.
 I definitely would have bought that.
 That's so cheap.
 A biscuit from a Shackleton, isn't it?
 They ate the dogs before eating that biscuit.
 No, because probably someone went when we bring this back,
 this biscuit will be worth a fortune.
 No, but so apparently Shackleton was giving
 one of his fellow explorers Frank wild a biscuit
 from one of the rations.
 And while recorded in the diary--
 and this is how spare food was back then--
 thousands of pounds would not have bought that biscuit.
 So that's how great it was.
 And so it's quite nice that now it has gone
 for over 1,000 pounds.
 I love-- so I read also as well recently in an auction,
 the head of the scouts, Robert Baden-Powell,
 a letter that he wrote to an autograph hunter saying
 you should not become an autograph hunter,
 recently sold at an auction to an autograph hunter.
 It's great when auctions have that little twist on them.
 There was another biscuit.
 Do you want to hear about the world's most expensive biscuit?
 Yeah.
 Do you just happen to have a biscuit factor?
 Well, I've also saw the thing about the Shackleton biscuit.
 All right, and then I thought, what's the most a biscuit's ever gone for?
 So a few weeks ago, it happened in October this year.
 A biscuit from the Titanic was auctioned.
 What?
 Yeah.
 It's old for 15,000 pounds.
 Wait, how?
 How did a biscuit survive had made its way into a lifeboat?
 Sorry, I mean, it was in a box and someone took the box
 and when they escaped the ship on a line.
 And it was in a sealed iron box or something.
 And that was one of the lifeboats which was picked up.
 So yeah, so that's the most expensive biscuit ever so far.
 Yeah, I don't want to rule out any future biscuits to go for more.
 I had a look for some unusual dog names and there was a website called petinsurance.com
 that collected a load of unusual dog names.
 But at the same time, by coincidence, I also found a list of the most unusual nicknames
 that men have for their genitals.
 Are we going to play dog or genitals?
 OK, I'll just read them in the order I have them.
 Baron von Ferry Pants.
 Oh!
 Dog.
 Correct.
 Ah!
 Lord Chubby Pruneface.
 Genital.
 Genital.
 No, that's a dog as well.
 Oh, no.
 Simon Wiggles Patello.
 Simon Wiggles Patello.
 Simon Wiggles Patello.
 Genital.
 Genital.
 No, dog.
 Ah!
 You got a dirty mind.
 OK.
 Prince Patches, oh, wholy having the third of Wilsher.
 Dog.
 Dog.
 Yeah.
 They were all dogs.
 I wouldn't give you any genitals.
 In the 15th century, the Duke of York, this is what he spent his time doing in those days,
 he wrote a list of 1,100 names that he considered appropriate for hunting dogs to advise people
 on what to call their dogs, so there were things like Troy, Genitals, Genital, yeah, nose wise,
 nameless, perony, clench, bragg, ringwood and hold fast.
 So there you go.
 That's what you're allowed to call your dogs, they're going to the Duke of York in the 15th
 century, if you ever find yourself there.
 Can I bring up a famous dog name?
 Yes, please.
 So Lassie.
 Oh, yeah.
 Lassie was originally called Paul, and that was the dog's name, Paul.
 Paul did all the movies, it was the single dog that did it.
 So when Paul died, they then took the litter, and when they grew up, they replaced Lassie,
 they became the next lassies.
 So every single lassie that you'd see in the early days was a descendant of the original
 lassie.
 Yeah.
 And then there was a huge controversy, I think it was in 1997, where suddenly the first non-blood-related
 lassie was used, and they were, yeah.
 And there were genuine protests.
 And people said, this is not on, and they were like, well, no, but we don't.
 And so they buckled, and then they did bring in another descendant of one of the descendants
 of Lassie.
 And then again, when another revival happened, they brought in another unrelated non-blood-line
 dog.
 Again, people freaked out, and it's been like that for ages up until very recently.
 And now one of the bloodline has come back into the fold and is the current lassie.
 But that's like saying that James Bond should be played by Sean Connery's grandson.
 I just, I love that somewhere in the world, someone is protesting strongly against something,
 and we have no idea for years and years.
 Do we know how many, was it like, Iraq, war, style, level?
 No.
 It was me, my mum, my sister, at least six of us.
 Yeah, I don't know, to be honest.
 So, shall I put it out a stowaway on board, didn't he?
 Did he?
 Yeah, he did.
 And he regretted that decision.
 Should be landing in a nice one country by now.
 What happened?
 He was a guy called, he was a sailor called Perse Blackboro, and he was actually helped to
 sneak on board.
 He just really wanted to be part of the expedition, and he was discovered after three days, as I
 assume he expected to be.
 What was he going to do?
 I hide on the ship for a year.
 And so he was discovered after three days, and Shackleton, you know, threatened him
 a little bit, and said, "I can't believe you've done this, you're bastard."
 And eventually he said, "Okay, you can stay, but only if you sign this agreement saying,
 if you stay, you'll be the first person to be eaten if we need to start eating each other."
 And so he signed that agreement, and if they had had to eat each other, he would have
 been the first person to go.
 The nibbly got him.
 He's going, "But there's biscuits now."
 Okay, time for our next fact, fact number three, and that's my fact.
 My fact this week is that, according to a recent theory, Stonehenge was built as part of a team
 building exercise.
 I love that.
 I love that.
 Big away day.
 So this is, there are a lot of theories, by the way, about how Stonehenge came about, but
 the idea is that rather than it being a place that people returned to and so on, they seemed
 to have found evidence that it was occupied for about a decade, and that so it must have
 been built in that period of years, and then they left it once it was done, because apparently
 there weren't a lot of people back then, and the idea was to create something where people
 could come together, get to know each other, but do something that was a team building exercise,
 and the guy described it as glass refesible and a motorway building scheme at the same
 time.
 That's what it was.
 Yeah.
 Really?
 Someone said, "We're having a team building exercise.
 You need to book the next 10 years of work."
 Yeah, that's true.
 So when I read that sentence, I thought, "Oh, I bet that's a really mad idea," which
 obviously it probably is, but I did think it was druids that had built it and that it was
 part of this religion thing, this cult thing that they were doing, and it turns out that
 just we have no idea how it got there.
 There were so many theories, and they're all amazing theories, another recent theory.
 It's a prehistoric blockage feel, because apparently if you hit it, it rings in a really
 nice way.
 Acoustically, it's very amazing.
 So the hitting, hitting the stone thing does seem like a bridge too far for me, but it
 doesn't have exactly the same acoustics as a concert hall or a theatre or something, or a
 particular way you'd have musicals on, and so they do think that it was designed specifically
 so that the music, like any sounds inside it, would.
 That is good.
 Rebound.
 The thing that Dan said about the druids having built it is quite interesting that there is
 evidence that people were doing something at Stonehenge for every period from when it
 was built to now, apart from the late high-end age, which is a very time when the druids
 were supposed to have been around, and that's the only time in history.
 We don't really have any evidence of anything having happened there.
 They did have a load of druids there.
 They had a ceremony there in 1905 where 259 druids were inducted into druidism, but they
 were really mercilessly teased by the press on account of the fact that a lot of them had
 fake bids.
 Well, here's a very interesting fact about Stonehenge.
 Someone actually bought it at one point.
 Oh, yeah.
 He was sold at auction in a lot, and this husband called Cecille Shubb was sent by his wife to
 go to this auction, and he saw it was up for sale, and he thought, "Oh, that'll be a nice
 present for my wife."
 But when he got home, she was furious at him.
 She sent him to the auction to buy codons that she liked, and he came back with a hinge.
 He said that he bought it on a whim in the auction room.
 Yes.
 He said, "I just thought a local guy should own it, because he lived really nearby."
 So it's sort of a nice story that he bought it for his wife.
 And the thing about curtains is kind of too good to check, but it's right, okay.
 Another recent theory, it was a barbecue site.
 This is so they found a bunch of bones of animals, and when they were looking at their bones,
 they could see burn marks on it that suggested that quite like an Aussie barbecue, they were
 just sort of turning them over and cooking them nicely.
 It's amazing what they can do with the archaeology, they find bones, and they assume that it
 must be a barbecue or whatever.
 I read one thing that in the Iron Age in Wales, they had an annual party where the guests
 only ever had the right foreleg of pigs.
 And they found that, because they just found a big pile of the specific one leg of pigs
 all the time, and they lasted for years and years and years, and it seemed like they came
 from one year after another, after another, and they assumed that they just must have had
 this big party where you just got one leg off a pig and everyone had to.
 And we're sure that in those days, it wasn't just that pigs only had one right.
 They were like a pogo stick.
 That's an excellent point.
 Definitely.
 I was having a look through the British newspaper archive to see which, so that goes back
 about 300 years and gives you newspaper records from that time to see kind of what people
 thought of Stonehenge in the past.
 And so a lot of the articles in the early 1800s, around 1840, everyone thought that it
 had been brought over by the Egyptians, so people thought the stone from Stonehenge
 had been brought over from Africa to Egypt, and then the Egyptians, because they were considered
 such a civilized race or such a civilized people, and they had much better mechanics and engineering
 than we did.
 We were all still, you know, stuck in.
 They also thought, for a time, that it was only built about a thousand years ago, which
 it would be.
 Oh, I have a theory on this.
 When was Stonehenge built?
 2018.
 Yeah.
 It may be seen.
 OK.
 What would you say, if I told you it was 1958?
 [LAUGHTER]
 I'd say, Dan, be quiet.
 But every single stone at Stonehenge has been moved between 1901 and 1964.
 No.
 Almost every single one.
 So they were either moved or they were straightened.
 Some of them were set in concrete.
 This was just very early 20th century guys saying, ah, it's not quite right, is it?
 Why don't we just bodge it up and put some concrete under it?
 And they were very early cact-handed preservation.
 So I say that Stonehenge was built in the late 50s.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah.
 That's a great theory.
 Well, you said that people thought that these stones came from Egypt, but they actually
 came from Wales, didn't they?
 They came from the Presley Hills in Wales.
 We know that now because of X-rays and stuff like that.
 But for 90 years, they were trying to dig on this particular hill.
 And then they found out that they were digging on the wrong hill.
 And it was another one, one mile away, that they should have been digging out.
 And Dr. Richard Bevins of the National Museum of Wales, he was a guy who found this out.
 And he said, I don't expect to be getting any Christmas cards from the archaeologists
 who have been excavating at the wrong place for the last 90 years.
 Well, most of them will be dead by now.
 [LAUGHTER]
 We're going to need to move on soon, by the way.
 OK, I have one quick thing.
 There's a company called Jackamo, who make clothes, especially for men.
 And they did a catalogue called the Architecture of Men, to identify modern kind of builds.
 And they said that Simon Cowell and Ricky Gervais are built like Stonehenge.
 Why?
 Apparently, they have short, stocky build, broad shoulders and chunky legs,
 according to Jackamo.
 Russell Crowe and Jay-Z look like the time bridge, according to these guys.
 What?
 And James Corden looks like the Girkin.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Harsh.
 It's very harsh.
 The Tasmanian town of Buckland built a replica of Stonehenge.
 There are loads of replicas all over the world.
 So there's a place called Phonehenge in South Carolina.
 And there's a place called Carhenge in Kansas made of old cars.
 And there's a live webcam that you can watch.
 I watched it for hours the other day.
 It's not much goes on.
 It's just a camera pointing at a carhenge.
 But yeah, you can watch that.
 But the Tasmanian-- there was a Tasmanian town called Buckland, which built one.
 And it was demolished by the authorities.
 And on the Wikipedia page where it says, "In keeping with the original Stonehenge,
 it did not have the necessary planning approval from the local council."
 [LAUGHTER]
 OK.
 Time for our final fact of the evening.
 And that is Chazinski.
 Oh, yeah, my fact is that Utah has a 106-acre forest that's made out of one tree.
 And this tree is so cool.
 It's called Pando.
 And it-- or some people call it the trembling giant.
 And it's a quaking aspen tree.
 And it's a clonal colony, which means that basically it's got the same root system.
 All the branches that stick up out of the ground are clones of the original tree.
 So it's all completely interconnected.
 Every single bit of it is genetically identical to every single other bit of it.
 And yeah, it takes up 106 acres.
 And it's this one tree.
 That's astonishing.
 It's incredible.
 It's so good.
 Pando means in Latin ice spread, which is why it's called that.
 And it's also the heaviest-known organism.
 It's really old as well.
 So the average age of each end of-- if you went into this forest and you saw one of the trees,
 it would be 130 years old.
 But the age of the roots is thought to be about 80,000 years old.
 But could be 800,000 years old.
 400,000.
 200,000.
 To be ridiculous.
 [LAUGHTER]
 It's amazing this tree, though, has been growing for 200,000 years.
 Is it one tree, though, or is it low to no tree?
 Yeah, it's definitely one tree that is--
 It's the same organism as that.
 It's one organism.
 It's all completely interconnected.
 It's just like a tree whose branches go underground and then come back up again.
 Wow.
 It is.
 Very cool.
 It's so great.
 So Utah, where it is, as far as Utah is really amazing.
 I didn't realize how cool Utah is.
 So Utah is where Kentucky fried chickens from?
 [LAUGHTER]
 Absolutely true.
 Are you sure?
 Yeah, absolutely true.
 Colonel Sanders was visiting Utah and there was an existing restaurant.
 And he went inside the restaurant.
 And he went there specifically because he liked the owners.
 And he said, I have this interesting chicken.
 And so he did the recipe and they advertised outside.
 He was away when they started selling it in the shop.
 And they said, what should we call it?
 And it could have been Utah fried chickens from Kentucky.
 He said, if you call it UFC, people would just be fighting there all the time.
 So Kentucky fried chicken, they said, let's call it Kentucky fried chicken,
 because he's from Kentucky.
 And then when he came back, he realized how big it was.
 And they opened up the first ever KFC there.
 And then it spread around America.
 So Kentucky fried chicken is from Utah.
 Wow.
 Not know that.
 That's very good.
 Yeah.
 And also NASA planned for our trips to Mars there.
 So in the Utah desert, they
 have these stations where they put astronauts in for a bunch of days, weeks, months.
 And while I was reading this, I discovered something.
 I never heard of this.
 NASA has actually created, or at least someone from NASA, a Mars flag.
 Do you know, we have a Mars flag?
 What?
 No.
 What's that mean?
 What's that for when we go to Mars?
 For when we go to Mars, we have a flag now.
 And if you look at it, it's like the French flag.
 It's sort of vertical stripes, three.
 And it starts red.
 And then it goes red.
 Red.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So it goes red and then green and then blue.
 And the idea is that that's gradually how we would be making the planet.
 And I've never known this.
 So Mars has a flag.
 What about when we get there?
 And the Martians say, we have a red flag.
 Thanks.
 Have you guys seen the-- this is not your topic.
 But New Zealand is trying to redesign its flag at the moment.
 Or actually, the final design may have gone through now.
 Have you seen the suggestions for the newly designed flag?
 And I've always thought I don't understand why flags in the world are so boring.
 And they've really nailed it this time.
 So a lot of the entries that have been submitted
 are, I think, the best one was of a Kiwi, which
 was not the same color as a Kiwi.
 I don't know what color it is.
 And it's shooting red lasers out of its eyes into the corner of the flag.
 And that's being reported as, yes, we'll give it a good thing.
 Yeah.
 Oh, back to trees, yeah.
 So there is a tree of the year in Europe every year.
 And this year's tree of the year is an Estonian oak tree
 that's in the middle of a football field.
 It's in the Arisare Stadium.
 And if you Google it, you can see pitch of it.
 It's right in the middle of a pitch.
 Wow.
 In the middle of a stadium.
 And according to visit Estonia, when the stadium was being built,
 the Soviet technology could not beat the oak.
 And therefore, it was never uprooted.
 And so it's kind of a sign of--
 Oh, I see, sort of, independence, and play, exactly.
 And then it also says on the website,
 today, everyone is so used to their extra player on the field
 that the tree is hardly noticed during the games.
 And I promise you, it is massive.
 There is no way the ball does not hit this tree
 every single time it got us anywhere.
 Well, so that was Tree of the Year 2015.
 And they're gearing up to announce Tree of the Year 2016
 nominations have begun.
 And I read the British nominations this year.
 So a tree featured in the Game of Thrones series
 has been nominated, which is very exciting.
 And this is a laboo pick, is it?
 There are also laboo picks from Britain.
 It's going to be like Eurovision all over again.
 Because there's classic trees in it.
 There's the tree that the Magna Carta was supposedly signed
 under.
 There's the tree where Charles II hid.
 There's the tree where apparently Robin Hood hid under as well.
 There must be the four-tingle you, then.
 This is the tree that apparently is the oldest tree
 in Britain and possibly in Europe.
 And it's the tree under which Legend says Pontius Pilate
 hid it's in--
 Or just Pilate.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 He left the Middle East.
 Yeah, to hang out with Scotland under a tree.
 Yeah, it's thought that that's where he went.
 And this has hit the news recently because--
 so it's about 5,000 years old.
 It's thought-- so possibly the oldest tree in Europe.
 And it is just having a sex change.
 So it's mid-op right now.
 So what on earth does that mean?
 It's been a male for, well, almost 5,000 years.
 And it's just-- so it doesn't produce fruit.
 So a lot of plants, I think, most plants actually
 don't have genders, but a lot of plants
 are either male or female, have male parts or female parts.
 And it's been a male for almost 5,000 years.
 And someone noticed recently it was growing fruit, which
 the men don't do.
 And one of its arms is having a sex change and becoming a female.
 Wow.
 So that's good for the four-tingle you.
 That's astonishing.
 The England's tallest tree is a Douglas fair, which
 is on X-Moll and near Dunster.
 I visited it a few years ago.
 But they don't tell you exactly where it is.
 They just tell you it's kind of in this forest somewhere.
 Because people like you were going chop it down.
 There was a whole thing where James--
 Have you heard of the Chillingham cattle?
 There's a herd of wild cattle up in--
 Is it Yorkshire?
 Very, very Northumberland.
 Northumberland, really, really way up North.
 No one has touched these cows for 300 years, right?
 The field is completely sealed.
 They live, they breed, they die, all on their own.
 They occasionally they throw over a bale of hay
 or some extra food in the harsh winters.
 And as soon as James heard about this,
 he said, I'm going to go there and touch them.
 And now they're all in therapy.
 Sorry.
 I did say that, I didn't go.
 But you did visit the tree, though.
 No, well, I went to see the tree.
 And I just thought that it's the tallest tree.
 You're going to know which one it is, right?
 Well, they haven't planted it around loads of big trees.
 But basically, it is around the load of big trees.
 And so you just go there and you just kind of have
 to take the word for it that is there, really.
 But the US has a national register of big trees.
 But again, they don't tell you where any of the trees are.
 They just tell you the general area where they are
 and say it's called this, and it's this height.
 And there was a spokesman from American Forest
 who does this register.
 And he says, we don't want to send flocks of tree
 spotters and paparazzi to harass the trees
 and ruin their lives.
 Which sounds like he's talking about me, doesn't it?
 Yeah.
 Have you heard of the world's rarest tree?
 No.
 No, it's so cool.
 It's a tree called Penentia, Belisiana.
 Where is it?
 I'm not telling you.
 [LAUGHTER]
 From 1945, for about 70 years, there was only one in the world.
 And it was on a tiny island off New Zealand.
 And it became the last in the world when humans
 introduced goats to the island.
 And they ate all the other trees.
 Oh, my God.
 I think they found out just in time that this was the last one.
 But scientists have found a way of growing a load
 of new seedlings, so they've planted a load.
 Oh, we're going to have to wrap up really soon.
 Can I just give a recommendation to everyone here
 if they haven't already seen it?
 Since you mentioned goats, have you ever
 seen the Argania trees, which are the trees that goats climb up?
 So there's a tree called the Argania tree and goats climb it.
 And yeah, you just see them in its branches.
 And just look it up, A-R-G-A-N-I-A.
 Wow.
 How many goats do you get in one tree?
 There are pictures of at least a dozen, I would say.
 Wow.
 And that's just so much for these trees.
 Don't tell them at all.
 OK, I think we should wrap up.
 That's it.
 That's all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things we've said over the course of this podcast,
 you can get us on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland.
 James.
 @xshaped.
 Andy.
 Andrew Hunter M. Anna.
 You can email podcast@ky.com.
 And yeah, you can also go to no such thing as a fish.com.
 That's our website.
 Thank you so much for being here, guys.
 Thank you for listening at home.
 We'll see you again next week.
 Goodbye.
 [APPLAUSE]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [APPLAUSE]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [APPLAUSE]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
