 (playing in foreign language)
 - Hello and welcome to another episode
 of no such thing as a fish, a weekly podcast,
 this week coming to you from Lester.
 (audience cheering)
 (audience cheering)
 My name is Dan Schreiber, and I am sitting here
 with Anna Chazinski, Andrew Hunter Murray,
 and James Harkin, and once again,
 we have gathered around the microphones
 with our fourth favorite facts from the last seven days
 and in no particular order.
 Here we go, starting with you, Chazinski.
 - My fact this week is that walkers, crisps,
 only source potatoes that are grown
 far away from golf courses,
 because their factory machines
 can't distinguish between golf balls and potatoes.
 (audience laughing)
 - That's amazing.
 - It's true.
 So this is a walkers, crisps, factory in Lester, obviously,
 and red, well done guys,
 a very good contribution to the country, I would say.
 And yeah, it's factory has this density-based sorting system.
 So what it is is, all the potatoes come in,
 and the machine automatically knows the stuff
 that has the right density to be a potato
 that can be turned into a crisp.
 But it just turns out the density of golf balls
 is exactly the same.
 And so it used to be that there'll be a lot of golf courses
 next to the fields where farmers are growing their potatoes,
 which would then be shipped to walkers,
 and lots of people got like hard bits of golf ball
 in their crisp packets.
 - So would you sort of, you'd be on the green
 about to take your shot and a walkers machine
 would just nab your golf ball and whisk it off to a factory?
 - I didn't read the details of it,
 but I would assume it's more likely that you'd take your shot,
 it would go over into the field as you're a golfer,
 James, sometimes you miss hit things, right?
 Not you, obviously.
 - Just very, very occasionally,
 every single time I ever play, yeah.
 - Yeah.
 - And then it gets scooped up by the tractors.
 - But I wouldn't have thought I'd be able to replace
 my golf ball with a potato, for instance.
 - I know, it's weird, isn't it?
 It doesn't feel like they're the same density.
 - I'll give it a go.
 - And so was this a problem?
 Were there people sending packets back going?
 I expected Salt and vinegar crisps and I got a golf ball.
 - Like was that ever been a thing?
 - People did mention it.
 I mentioned that they had hard crisps,
 but if you're interested, each golf ball yields 18 crisps.
 (laughing)
 - That's incredible.
 - But no, the factory is really cool, isn't it?
 - Yeah, so one of the things I really like about it is,
 basically a crisp goes from being a potato
 to being in a bag in 20 minutes.
 - Wow.
 - Which is extremely fast, I think.
 And there's a man at the end of the whole potato line
 who just said he's the potato overlord.
 And he just looks at the potatoes and he said,
 they're all good, they're all good, they're all good.
 That one's bad.
 - Yeah, it doesn't sound quite as exciting
 as you just made it look though.
 'Cause I think maybe you read the same article
 as I did in the Leicester Mercury.
 (laughing)
 - Wow.
 - Another great contribution to the country.
 (laughing)
 They said about this guy who's checking
 that actual potatoes go through, they said,
 he looks unsurprisingly, utterly bored.
 (laughing)
 The worst thing is, they probably got permission
 from walkers to go in and said,
 oh, we'll write it up really nicely.
 They say, look, utterly bored.
 This is, surely, the worst job in the whole building.
 - Whoa.
 - Whoa.
 - In the whole building though,
 maybe everyone else is a crisp tasteer,
 except that one guy.
 There are crisp tasteers out there.
 You have to be a super-taster if you wanna be a crisp tasteer.
 And when you're doing it,
 you're not allowed to drink tear or coffee
 because it will interfere with your palate.
 And they have to have 20 minute breaks between tests
 where all they eat is fruit.
 And they make it so that you're only allowed
 to certain number of crisps every day
 so you don't go over your salt limit for the day as well.
 - Oh.
 - It doesn't sound quite as cool, does it?
 - No, it doesn't.
 - I mean, it's better than the guy just looking
 at the potatoes all day.
 - But what is that crisp once the guy's eaten it?
 - No.
 - No, no.
 - They don't retrieve it afterwards.
 - Right.
 - You have the assistant vomitter.
 And I think actually that's the worst job.
 And they shove their fingers down his throat
 and they get the crisp back.
 - It's just for like the general batch.
 - Yeah. - It's like a sample.
 - Okay.
 - You should have said that because that makes sense.
 You left us all hanging thinking.
 - I think when you say "ozol,"
 I think my feeling is that the people
 have lester got that.
 - I'll talk about me and the voices in my head.
 - I think you said that because you've seen wine tasters
 and you've seen them taste the wine then spit it out again.
 - Yes.
 - Like they do, don't they?
 And did you assume that other people then drunk that spot out?
 - Yeah, I thought they just popped that back in the bottle.
 - I have a fact about the lester walkers factory.
 They aim to extract so much water from the potatoes
 that they don't need any water.
 Because potatoes are 80% water, okay?
 So when the potato slices get sliced up and then they get boil,
 all the steam comes off and they condense it
 and get water from that that they use
 for the process of running their building.
 - Well, they also use water to peel the potatoes, don't they?
 They fire it at it, so it must be for that.
 - Yeah.
 So basically what I'm saying is in the event of a catastrophe,
 this is probably the safest place to be on the planet.
 It's got self-sufficient supplies of water and potatoes.
 - Yeah.
 - As long as the potatoes keep being delivered.
 (laughter)
 They might relax the whole no-goal course kind of deliveries.
 They also have a sort of what was described
 in this amazing blog I read and I would really recommend this blog.
 It was this girl who went to visit the factory
 and gives a really detailed description of her tour of it.
 And I can't remember what she's called or what the blog's called.
 So just Google and Google until you find it.
 (laughter)
 This is, she described how there's sort of a log flume
 for the potatoes where they're dropped in this water.
 And as the potatoes go through the factory,
 all the starches, some of the starch comes out of it.
 So in the various processes, some of the starch comes out.
 So when it goes into this log flume to get transferred
 through the factory, then the starch goes into the water
 and it goes a kind of milky color.
 And when she was being shown round, they reassured her.
 They said, don't worry, that starch doesn't get wasted.
 It goes to a starch recovery plant, which is just next door.
 And then it gets turned into quavas.
 - Oh.
 - That's what quavas are.
 - That's awesome.
 - Yeah.
 - Did she work that out or did they work that?
 - Would she told that for the blog?
 - How would you deduce?
 - How would she...
 (laughter)
 - Would she have followed a secret door that said,
 "No, no, don't go ahead.
 This is where we put the starch."
 She goes, "It's the quavas factory.
 Holy shit."
 (laughter)
 - I just blown this thing wide open.
 (laughter)
 - Oh my god.
 Of all the things you could work out,
 that really is one you have to be told.
 (laughter)
 Just opened a bag of quavas three weeks later.
 Oh my god, I recognize this.
 (laughter)
 - Hey, so you know how you're saying it takes 20 minutes
 from it going from the van into...
 So that's the full potato into a crisp packet
 in 20 minutes' time.
 The amount of potatoes that they use every single hour,
 if you went to the Lester Tiger Stadium.
 I haven't been to that, but I imagine some of you guys here have.
 The amount of potatoes they use in a single hour
 would carpet the entire floor of that stadium.
 That's how many potatoes per hour.
 That's every day that this happens.
 So there's way more potatoes on earth than I realised.
 - That's why I get from that.
 - That's a lot of potatoes.
 - That would make the sports matches
 that get played at the Lester Tiger Stadium
 extremely amusing.
 (laughter)
 What gets played there?
 - Oh brilliant.
 - Come on Andy.
 I'm sorry.
 - I've got to do your research before coming to these cities.
 (laughter)
 - Did you guys read about my favorite part
 of the factory?
 And then we can move on from it.
 But it's a machine called the OptiSort.
 And this is the last machine that the crisps are put through.
 And this is to check for potatoes
 that might have flaws in them.
 So there's a machine at the beginning that looks at them
 to check for green bits and shave the green bits off.
 But there might still be some left.
 And what the OptiSort does is it separates the crisps
 individually onto this conveyor belt.
 So they're one layer thick.
 And then they get hurled.
 Like catapulted really fast.
 At three meters per second passed this camera,
 really high speed camera that checks for flaws.
 And if the camera sees any kind of little speck of green
 or any speck of black or something,
 then the crisps flies over a gap.
 Still going really fast.
 A 10 centimeter wide gap.
 And if it's a dodgy one, then there's a swift puff of air
 that blows down through the gap
 and dismisses it from the production line.
 - Wow.
 Isn't that cool?
 - Yeah, but why all the drama of the speed and the tight?
 - Because you've just got to be incredibly quick.
 Because you've got to make so many bloody crisps.
 - That's actually the motto of Walker's crisps.
 We've got to make so many bloody crisps.
 (all laughing)
 I suppose you think it's easy.
 You bastard's a kettle hand manufacturing everyone.
 We've got a proper company to run here.
 (all laughing)
 - We should move on.
 We need to move on.
 - I have so much stuff on golf.
 - No, we don't have time.
 - We don't have time.
 Why don't you try and crowbar a golf?
 - Oh yeah, I'll do a fact in one of these.
 - Just wait for that later on.
 - Yeah.
 Okay, it's time for fact number two and that is James.
 - Okay, my fact is about golf.
 (all laughing)
 - It's not, it's not.
 - I could make it about golf.
 (all laughing)
 That would really screw up the podcast with me.
 - In a word, yeah.
 - Okay, no, it's not about golf.
 My fact this week is that during World War One,
 truces would occasionally be called in the trenches,
 so both sides could yell insults at one another.
 (all laughing)
 - So good.
 - That is really cool, isn't it?
 - Yeah.
 - So this is the diaries of a guy called Sapa French.
 Sapa was his nickname and he said in one of his diaries,
 and this was been quite recently found.
 I saw a rather curious thing in the trenches this morning,
 heard some shouting and laughing,
 and saw a German leaning over the parapet
 and shouting across to our men.
 The distance was about 75 yards.
 One of our men shouted, come on over Fritz.
 Fritz shouted back in perfect English.
 No bluing fear.
 In fact, they could all speak good English.
 This went on for half an hour,
 and then all the heads went down,
 and the war went on the same as usual.
 (all laughing)
 Wow.
 - That's pretty cool, isn't it?
 - Yeah.
 - They just thought, let's just do a bit of insults,
 and then we'll carry on shooting.
 - That's amazing.
 - A lot of German people who had been in Britain
 before the war had been waiters,
 and there was one instance,
 which was a bit of a nicer instance of how
 they used to actually chat between the trenches
 when they weren't actually at war,
 and someone recorded how one Englishman had shouted
 "Good and Morgan" at dawn,
 presumably the only two words he knew,
 and then the German guy on the other side had responded
 and said hello in English,
 and then they started exchanging some kind of fun insults,
 and they'd ended by saying the English guy said,
 "Waiter!"
 And the German guy said, coming sir.
 So...
 - Ah, ah.
 - The war so nearly tipped over into banter,
 and it would have...
 We could have avoided hundreds of thousands of deaths.
 - Yeah.
 - Yeah. - The trenches were really interesting
 because the British ones were made
 as if it was gonna be quite temporary,
 that's what they thought,
 and the Germans thought we might be here for a while.
 And so their trenches, they had doorbells?
 - No. - Yep.
 They had staircases, electric lights, steel doors,
 real kitchens, and wallpaper.
 - Wallpaper?
 - No, wallpaper on the trenches, yeah.
 - The doorbell is a especially impressive thing,
 'cause obviously when the British go over the top
 and arrive, they'll have to wait after ringing the doorbell.
 - Very clever.
 - But they were.
 I just recently read All Quiet on the Western Fund,
 which is an uplifting read if you haven't been there yet,
 but about the First World War.
 And the constant chat among the German troops
 was how their stuff was better than the Allies.
 - That's cool.
 And there's kind of a history of yelling and shouting in wars.
 The Georgian hero, Tariel,
 was apparently able to drop opposing warriors
 using only the force of his mighty war cry.
 - Okay.
 And in Welsh mythology, their hero, Colhwook,
 he was said to be able to give a battle cry so loud
 and violent that all women in the courts
 would become sterile.
 - Oh.
 - Whoa.
 - He must have been a really popular guy in party zone.
 I thought you were going, I was wondering where you were going.
 And I thought you were going to say pregnant.
 - No, it sounds like it would be that, doesn't it?
 - Yeah, exactly the opposite, actually.
 - Yes.
 - Really?
 - Yes.
 - A sobering thought.
 I have another fact about life in the trenches.
 - Okay.
 - And sort of agreements between the two sides in the trenches.
 So there was a guy in the First World War, British officer,
 Captain Robert Campbell.
 He got captured by the Germans,
 I think after the Battle of Mons.
 And after nearly two years in prison,
 in a German prisoner of war camp,
 he heard his mother was dying and he wrote to the Kaiser,
 you know, asking to be released to go and be with his dying mother.
 Incredibly, the request was granted.
 He was given two weeks leave from a prisoner of war camp
 on the German side to go back to England,
 visit his mother on the understanding
 that he would then go back and go to prison again.
 And he did.
 He visited his mother.
 He spent time with her in the last days of her life.
 And he then honored the agreement and returned.
 And then the next day, he's like,
 "Oh, my dad's sick now."
 And that's the only time that happened in the whole of the war.
 Well, because didn't the Allies then...
 So there was a German prisoner of war
 with the Allies who tried it, I think, because that had happened.
 I'm really.
 And the Allies did not let him go.
 And then they said, "No, we didn't trust you."
 And so then it was clamped down on.
 So yeah, he didn't, the only one.
 Wow, it's so weird, though.
 I think these insults mean a lot to military
 when they're doing it to each other.
 Because it still goes on to this day.
 And a few years back, there was a big moment
 between North Korea and the Americans.
 The North Korean soldiers were seeing American soldiers
 pointed them, make strange noises.
 They were pulling disgusting facial expressions at them.
 And this was their big problem with them.
 And the Americans said, "We wouldn't do this."
 And this is how important that is
 in the follow-up bit to the statement
 of them going, "They're pulling faces at us.
 They're pointing at us really weirdly."
 They said, "Oh, also, they're aiming their guns at us."
 That's like the second thing on the list.
 And then just to prove how childish it is,
 the statement warned US troops to stop the hooliganism
 or face dogs' death anytime, any place.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Like, it's all it is, it's like banter wars, isn't it?
 That reminds me of, is it in that book,
 or did we cut it in Bhutan?
 It's in the book, yeah.
 So in Bhutan, there was a battle.
 It wasn't a battle.
 It was an argument between India and China.
 And they went kind of arguing of this tiny bit of Bhutan.
 And if they went to war, it would have been something
 like a quarter of the world's population would have gone to war.
 And they all went to this tiny bit of Bhutan,
 but they decided they'd not have one really wanted to have a war.
 And so no one brought any weapons.
 And you can see videos of it.
 And it's just basically some Chinese soldiers
 and some Indian soldiers kind of just chest bump in each other.
 Yeah.
 It's incredible.
 Yeah, it's literally-- it's a whole line of army members
 just not fighting, but sort of--
 It's giggling.
 Yeah.
 I can now tell in Leicester.
 Is that what it's like here?
 You don't know, just go home and have a nice pack of crisps.
 There was a lot of friendliness.
 There's a really good book about World War I
 called Meeting the Enemy, the Human Face of the Great War.
 And even more friendly than that, there
 was one instance where Brits arrived at the psalm.
 And they were expecting they were like,
 we're fighting the enemy, you know, all geared up
 from massive battle, and they arrived.
 And they just found, on a bit of barbed wire, a note.
 And it was from the Germans saying,
 why don't you send two or three of your guys with some stuff
 you want to trade, and we'll send two or three of ours,
 and we'll swap presents.
 And they met up in the middle of No Man's
 then that first day.
 And they exchanged kind of magazines, and souvenirs,
 and periodicals that they wanted to read.
 And--
 It's amazing having a book club in the middle of a total.
 It really is.
 It's so impressive.
 So we haven't even mentioned the Christmas truce,
 which was a big thing, a sporadic thing,
 along a lot of the West and Front.
 So I didn't know, though.
 It's stretched not only in the army,
 it's stretched to the other services as well.
 So on Christmas Eve, 1914, the Royal Flying
 Corps flew over a German airfield at Lille,
 and they dropped on the runway a plum pudding.
 And then on Christmas Day, the German Air Force flew over
 a British airfield, and they dropped a bottle of rum
 to say thank you.
 The Christmas truce, there was one really lovely moment.
 A lot of Germans had been living in the UK before the war.
 And during the Christmas truce, they all went up into No Man's
 Land, and one of the English guides
 realized that one of the German guys was his barber
 who used to cut his hair in Hoban.
 And he said, "I need a haircut."
 And so his Hoban barber cut his hair for him.
 I mean, that was very trusting, isn't it?
 You know, it didn't take part.
 It was an absolute killjoy at the Christmas truce, actually.
 Oh, was it the senior officers or the...?
 Yeah, they didn't, but in particular,
 one soldier on the German side.
 You might be able to guess it was.
 Oh, I can guess.
 Is it the most famous one?
 It's the most famous one.
 Hitler.
 He absolutely was not a fan.
 He hated the Christmas truce.
 Yeah, refused to take part.
 He sat in a strop on his own
 and just said really disapproving things
 like you guys have no sense of honor.
 And this isn't what we should be doing in wartime.
 Classic Hitler.
 Hey, we should move on to our next factor, right?
 OK, it is time for fact number three.
 And that is my fact.
 My fact this week is this.
 And I find this so interesting.
 14% of all California's firefighters are in prison.
 Is that amazing?
 What do you mean by that?
 They take people who are in prison, women who are in prison,
 and they say, would you like to sign up for this?
 We'll relocate you to a program whereby you'll
 be a firefighter under the confines.
 But you won't be an actual prison.
 And lots and lots of women have signed up to it.
 So as a result, 14% of their whole firefighting force
 are prisoners who are serving time.
 And then when they're needed, they go in either fight fires
 or they clear paths where fires might happen.
 And--
 Yeah.
 I mean, it's women on men, isn't it?
 It's women on men.
 At one point, it was 40%, it was 40%, but I think--
 Yeah, no, it's both.
 Lots of men.
 And I don't think they get to do the super fun stuff,
 like the hosing.
 They do a lot more clearing, like you said.
 Yeah, some of them do get chainsaws.
 Ooh.
 Yeah, because obviously you need to clear a path in forest.
 Yeah, you can only need a chainsaw to do it.
 Yeah.
 So yeah.
 And they get paid something like $1 an hour in America.
 But the exchange bit is that they're not
 in a classic prison system.
 And they get days off.
 They're sentenced every time they serve for what they're doing
 with their job as a firefighter.
 But it's only $1 an hour when you're actively fighting a fire.
 Normally, you get paid about $1 a day.
 But I think there is a certain economy in prisons,
 isn't there?
 And there's a lot of trading that goes on.
 And did you know that they have their own shopping catalogs?
 Well, in prison.
 Yeah.
 So they're in shopping catalogs, at least in America.
 So Gizmodo, the really great website,
 did a series of articles called Lockdown.
 And interview this guy who said that they have a shopping
 catalog of approved items.
 So is anything that you want?
 Really, from TVs to toothbrushes or whatever.
 And what happens is you can pick what you want.
 And you take it out of the small pay
 that you might have got in prison or your family can buy it.
 And then it gets delivered.
 And then it gets engraved.
 So you get automatically engraved items.
 Because otherwise, all the other prisoners have also
 got the same stuff.
 And so you need to know that it's yours.
 And actually, weirdly, in the YouTube clip
 I was watching of the guy being interviewed,
 he was saying, and this is some of the stuff
 the prisoners have ordered this week.
 And he was opening packages.
 And he opened up a DVD of the series Richie Rich, season 2.
 Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
 I only know Richie Rich as a film.
 I did too until I had to look into this.
 You're saying they've made a TV series of Richie Rich?
 Yeah, it's the same general thesis.
 Oh, sure.
 That is fantastic.
 Well, I mean, you heard a fact within a fact there.
 It gets something like 22% on Ross and Tomatoes.
 But you could certainly give it a go.
 But so the thing that really amazed me about this fact
 was, A, that's an amazing percentage
 that are in prison that are working for the firefighters.
 But B, I thought that firefighting was largely
 about fighting fires.
 And it turns out that it's not.
 It turns out that most of the time that firefighters
 spend is doing tasks that the public call for them to do.
 And there was a report from the UK from a few years ago
 that said, we need to stop responding
 to these weird calls that we're getting
 because we just keep wasting our time.
 Between 2009 and 2011, these are the stats.
 1,613 incidents where people were locked out,
 where firefighters had to go and let them back in.
 276 adults called firefighters out
 because they were locked in toilets.
 14 people were locked in cupboards.
 One woman was stuck in a fridge.
 One man was stuck in a freezer.
 And one person was stuck in a recycling bag.
 There's so many ridiculous things that they get called out
 on a day-to-day basis.
 They used to shout as they ran to a fire.
 And this was going on as late as 1901 in America.
 As they went to the fire, they would shout, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi.
 Well, they're doing the knee-nails themselves.
 Well, it seems that way, right?
 Yeah.
 I mean, I kind of worked out what I thought the tune might be.
 It might not have been that.
 OK.
 It might have been hi, hi, hi, hi.
 I don't know.
 But when they decided to replace the shouting
 with a gong, a gong, and they all hated it,
 they were like, no, we like doing the hi, I think.
 Who are you?
 And also, when automatic fire alarms came in,
 they all hated that as well.
 At the reason being that they had lookouts who
 would look out for the fire.
 And as soon as the automatic fire alarms came in,
 those guys lost their job.
 Is the robot's taking over the jobs, isn't it?
 That was the start of it.
 It is pretty much.
 And so then the firemen started doing fire alarm
 pranks to set off these fire alarms.
 No.
 Did they?
 Oh, but that's a thing.
 They used to be loads of rival gangs of fire fighters.
 And there's a scene in New York where all the fire fighters
 get in the scrap outside of fire,
 because they all want to be the ones to solve the fire.
 So you know, in Japan firefighters,
 they bring water pumps to the fire.
 But they don't aim the water at the fire.
 They emit it themselves.
 What?
 Oh, yeah.
 So they wet themselves down so they're not flammable.
 And then this was in the Edo period in the 17th century.
 Oh, right.
 Not now.
 Yeah.
 No.
 So they would wet themselves down.
 They'd run into the house.
 And then they pulled the house down.
 And that's how they stopped the fires.
 And they used to--
 Smother them, didn't they?
 So they had deliberately very, very thick clothes
 that would weigh, you know, as much as a person when they were wet.
 And they would go up to a fire and just--
 Smother it.
 They'd go up to a smother it.
 They would just jump on it, basically.
 They would be able to get close enough that they could
 puffer it up.
 But amazingly, they were positions of real respect
 in Japan in the Edo period.
 So up until 1868.
 And they used to wear outfits that look like normal firemen
 as outfits on the outside, so they were quite plain.
 But then on the inside of their suits,
 they had unbelievable works of art stitched throughout them.
 And they had stories and everything.
 It was kind of like manga that kind of style.
 And they became really famous.
 And if they were successful and they put out a fire,
 they all turn their coats inside out.
 And they paraded through the streets,
 victoriously.
 Wow.
 And they often had their bodies tattooed
 with the designs on their coats, because, you know,
 it was such a mark of, you know, something special.
 And, yeah, and also the stories that were told on the inside
 of their jackets became bestsellers in Japan.
 So the kind of cartoon strips that firefighters had
 became well-known stories that you tell your children.
 There was another thing which, speaking of covering
 yourself completely in water to be going in.
 That was in the early days, one of the things
 with firefighters breathing was very hard.
 And so in order to get into a fire and keep your own breath
 and not suffocate was a hard thing.
 So most firefighters used to have a massive beard.
 The male firefighters, I would go in.
 And what they would do is they drenched their beard
 into a bucket of water.
 And then they would bite into their beard and hold it
 over their mouth.
 And that's how they would survive the fires,
 because they would have this beard mask
 that stopped the smoke coming through to them.
 Is that true?
 Yeah.
 That's incredible.
 Isn't it true that the guy with the longest beard ever
 died because there was a fire, and he ran out of his house,
 and he forgot to put his beard in this pocket,
 and he tripped over it and fell down the stairs.
 Yes.
 She just wiped it, she just dipped it in the bath before he left.
 That doesn't stop you tripping over it.
 If anything, it makes it more rope-like,
 makes it likely that the fire went up.
 Just lock it up.
 Have you guys heard about the firefighting goats of San Francisco?
 No, but I get the feeling we're about to.
 Sure thing.
 San Francisco has firefighting goats.
 That's great.
 Right, moving on.
 Time for fact number four.
 And...
 Do you want to say it?
 Yes, sure.
 Well, they're kind of pre-firefighting goats.
 So they're let loose around San Francisco to eat bits of dry scrublin
 that would otherwise be a massive fire risk.
 Oh, that's clever.
 But they've been introduced, and it's helped massively
 with the problems of fire-breaking out in the summer.
 That's really clever.
 It's not as kind of rock 'n' roll when you explain it.
 When the goat goes home to his wife, and he's like,
 "I'm a firefighter."
 "What'd you do today, darling?"
 I just ate some more grass.
 It was really nice.
 Save some lives.
 Should we move on to our final thoughts?
 OK, it is time for our final fact of the show.
 And that is Andy.
 My fact is that mere cats can turn their bottoms inside out.
 So do they do it on purpose?
 They do do it on purpose.
 They do it to socialise.
 So...
 They've all got a party trick,
 and it's all turning their bottoms inside out.
 So they have what's called an anal pouch.
 And it's under their tails.
 And they produce this kind of paste inside it.
 And it's nature.
 You can't go, "It's nature."
 And they smear it on plants and rocks
 to mark territory as their own.
 And they even sometimes smear it on other mere cats.
 I read that this paste comes out of them a lot like
 when Play Doe is extruded from one of those doll's heads.
 I believe so, yeah.
 From a doll's head?
 Yeah, you know those things, you remember.
 It was like an old kind of tie
 from there, probably you're too young, I guess.
 But you used to have Play Doe, and you used to squeeze it,
 and then you had these little dolls,
 and it would come out their hair and their hair would end up looking like that.
 Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 And scientists do squeeze it, didn't they?
 So when they're trying to study the makeup of this paste,
 that's how they get it when they've extruded their pouches.
 The scientists literally grab it, and they squeeze it,
 and you can actually get it out like that.
 Yeah, that, I think, is a worse job than being the crisp.
 A tester at walkers hanging outside a mere cat's nest
 with a cotton bud just waiting.
 But this came to light, I think, probably,
 and you read this, they've done a new study
 about the bacteria in myocard bottoms.
 Yeah.
 And they've found that it's the bacteria that
 makes up this, the different smells, which
 means they can kind of say whose anal paste it is.
 Yeah, so the smell comes not from the myocard,
 it comes from the bacteria.
 But the myocards use the bacteria to judge what's going on,
 so they swapped these anal pouches to get the bacteria.
 And I read an article in popular science,
 and they were talking about these guys who
 were doing the swabbing, and they said,
 these pouches are wide open.
 They're almost asking to be swabbed.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So myocards are kind of bastards, aren't they?
 Sure.
 Yeah, mostly.
 Yeah, they really are.
 They've actually did a study recently
 looking at the most murderous mammals.
 And myocards came out on top, and they're
 looking at how many of their deaths are caused by members
 of their own species.
 And with myocards, it's 20%.
 So the 20% of myocard deaths are caused by other myocards.
 Which is amazing.
 They're always killing each other.
 They kill their own babies.
 They kill their mate's babies.
 Wow.
 I love killing babies.
 And I read that study as well.
 And it also said that sea lions are more murderous
 than actual lions.
 Oh, wow.
 That's quite a good fact, isn't it?
 And humans are not very murderous, how
 are we according to what we should be?
 Apparently, we should be about 200 times more murderous
 than we actually are.
 Should be going to the rules laid out 100 million years ago,
 pinned to a tree.
 That's really nice that we've kind of mastered our worst
 instincts.
 Yeah, it kind of goes off a few times when this wasn't shit.
 Sometimes they when they're fighting,
 they latch on to their enemy.
 So I think basically the tension in myocard colonies,
 it's caused by the fact that they'll
 have colonies of 50 myocards.
 And there's basically one mating couple, isn't there?
 And no one else is really allowed to have kids.
 And if someone else has kids, then the lead couple
 kills those kids.
 And also, who's the dominant couple?
 It's all decided on based on the size and their weight
 and their age.
 And so everyone's always looking at each other
 and working out who's going to be bigger,
 who's going to be the next in line.
 And they are literally, as one article pointed out,
 all the myocards are comparing the myocards.
 That's what they're doing.
 [LAUGHTER]
 That's very good.
 Because of me.
 Just on compare the myocard.
 Did you know that in 2010, remember the lead myocard?
 Oh, love.
 Sure.
 He released an autobiography that year.
 Do you remember?
 No, I don't remember.
 No, you should have.
 Because it was one of the biggest selling books of that year.
 That was the year that Tony Blair released his memoirs.
 And they were more--
 I do remember that one.
 Yeah.
 There were more pre-orders on the myocards book.
 Then there were on Tony Blair's memoirs.
 Russell Brands' book on David Beckham's book,
 then Cheryl Coles' book.
 This guy outsold everyone.
 No way.
 Yeah.
 Did you have any big reveals?
 No.
 The fortune.
 Yeah, he started the Iraq war.
 Yes, yeah.
 I knew it.
 But no, actually, I read, here's one odd reveal.
 It's not in the book.
 The voice of the myocards is--
 and this is very niche, but this is for anyone
 who's watched Alan Partridge, the second series of Alan Partridge
 when he's staying in the hotel.
 It's the guy who fixes everything.
 You know that guy?
 Michael?
 Yeah.
 Michael is the voice--
 Michael, the Jordy ex-soldier guy.
 Yes, yeah.
 He's the voice of--
 I was watching Alan Partridge this afternoon.
 So this is an amazing fact for me.
 You were saying about comparing the myocards.
 This study, I think, you were talking about.
 It's a guy called Clutton Brock.
 And he did these experiments where they fed extra food
 to some of the myocards that were the main myocards.
 And when they got fatter, the main myocards got fatter as well.
 And so they found that basically, when
 you're comparing with the other myocards,
 if someone gets bigger than you, you immediately
 eat a load of pizza or whatever they eat
 and then just try and get bigger than them.
 Because you always want to be the biggest one.
 Because it's the biggest one who's the most important.
 Oh, yeah.
 So you're always looking around and it's
 going, oh, he's looking--
 Barry's looking a bit fat.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I think someone compared it to something that gobyfish do,
 which is almost the opposite, but it's quite interesting,
 is that gobyfish go on diets.
 And it's for the same kind of peer pressure reasons,
 like the biggest gobyfish is the one who's dominant.
 And they don't want to cause conflict.
 And so if they see a big gobyfish,
 they make themselves less big.
 They eat a bit less.
 Because they're like, oh, I don't want to start a fight with that guy.
 I'll just go on a little diet.
 Be small.
 Which is quite sweet, isn't it?
 That's good.
 But meocards are much more up in your face.
 If you're going to get big, I'm going to get big.
 I'll race you to the top kind of attitude.
 Yep, true.
 And meocats, when they sleep, it's quite interesting what they do.
 They pile on top of one another to keep warm.
 Adorable.
 Yeah.
 So like, in summer, when it's hotter,
 they kind of spread out a lot.
 And in winter, when it's cold, they kind of grab another meocat
 on top that they kind of snuggle in.
 Quickly murder them.
 [LAUGHTER]
 They all have meocat rugs in their homes.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I had some stuff on anuses, if that's--
 Yes.
 So this fact is about they can turn their bottoms inside out.
 I didn't realize I was reading a BBC article apparently
 to chart the evolution in history of anuses
 is really hard because a lot of species have a bum.
 And then they suddenly don't have a bum.
 And then they have a bum again.
 And so there's this like missing link of anuses that--
 All right.
 Yes, you can't through the fossils chart it properly,
 because suddenly it's just out of nowhere, no bum.
 And then thousands of years later,
 suddenly there's a bum again.
 That's so odd.
 Do we have examples of--
 Well, there's no bummed-then-unbummed creatures.
 I can't remember any, but there is a thing called having
 a transient anus.
 A transient anus?
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 But I think I might be in the lifetime of an individual.
 You have a bum, and then you don't have a bum.
 Exactly.
 No, that's a very short-term example of the long-term thing.
 That's what I was mentioning.
 So we've covered the sea cucumber before, which is a little--
 It's not a cucumber, but it does live in the sea.
 What is it?
 It's a kind of fishy organism.
 It's not a fish.
 They're really weird.
 They look like odd cucumbers underwater.
 But we've said before, they can self-avisorate
 when they're threatened by a predator.
 They distract the predator by squirting their own intestines
 out of themselves, and that distracts the predator,
 because he thinks, what's this?
 And then they slowly leave.
 But the other incredible thing is, they
 can turn solid or mushy on command, on self-command.
 So they can turn their body into a mush,
 and then climb through a tiny crack,
 and then resellify into lumps, so they can't be got out
 through the crack by a predator.
 Wow.
 Then nuts.
 They're so nuts.
 And then it's not only for self-defense
 that they self-avisorate, it's a seasonal thing.
 In autumn, they just re-absorb all their intestines
 into their body, and they just become a solid lump of flesh,
 basically.
 So fishermen in the Caribbean, they harvest them in October,
 because they know they're not going to have to gut them,
 because they have no guts anymore.
 Oh, wow.
 Yeah.
 And then in spring, they regrow all their organs,
 and they continue like that.
 That's insane.
 They're so weird.
 The one thing I know about the anus of a sea cucumber
 is that there's a fish that lives in there, isn't there?
 It's called a slender pearl fish.
 It lives inside the anus of a sea cucumber.
 And the funny thing about them is whenever
 they want to go into a sea cucumber's anus,
 they kind of do a little knock on the anus,
 and the anus opens up.
 Oh, my god.
 Like they're entering a German trench, you'll see.
 Really?
 And is it a secret knock, or is it just a normal one?
 Oh, you think it's like, yeah.
 It's the pearl fish again.
 What a slang term for the anus, by the way,
 to German trench.
 That we kind of just over there.
 Guys, we need to wrap up.
 Do you have anything before we do?
 There are a dragonfire larvae, each via its anus.
 What they do, this is really cool.
 They draw water in through the anus.
 They clench, and then they compress the abdomen,
 and their muscles in their thorax,
 against the water filled in their rectum.
 And then they can raise the pressure in their body,
 and it fires out their mouth, and then they can eat.
 What?
 And that call, you're drawing water in your squeezing,
 and then your mouth comes out and you eat.
 Wow.
 That's so awesome.
 What?
 I'm glad I don't do that.
 But I'm happy that someone else has found me better to do that.
 Was that on blue planet?
 Or is it on brown planet, actually?
 OK, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we have said during the course
 of this podcast, we can be found
 on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sribeland, Andy.
 @AndruhondaM, James.
 @JamesHarkin, and Chazinski.
 You can email podcast@QI.com.
 Yep, or you can go to our group account, which is @nosuchthing,
 or you can go to our website.
 Nosuchthing is a fish.com, where we have all of our previous episodes.
 We have a link as well to our book, which is out now,
 and guys at the end of the show, we're going to be out there.
 We've got a bunch of copies.
 So if you want to buy a copy and say hi,
 we can sign it for you for Christmas or whatever.
 And we have pre-signed copies as well.
 If you can't be up, ask to line up, or if you don't want to speak to us.
 Yeah.
 You actively dislike us.
 Or you can just go home.
 Or you can just go home.
 You don't need to.
 We can't force you.
 Yeah.
 And we're going to end this show, aren't we?
 With a fact.
 Yes.
 We have a fact that you guys sent in at the beginning of this show.
 And we're going to give away one of our books to one of you.
 And Anna, you have that fact?
 Yep.
 So this is our favorite fact that you guys sent in.
 And it's from--
 I don't know if I can read my own writing.
 But Victor, Jaganathan.
 Are you in?
 You in?
 Yes.
 Starts a good fact.
 So this fact is that guide runners for site-impaired runners
 can't use elasticated tethers at the Paralympics anymore.
 After the Chinese started catapulting their runners across
 the finish line at the last minute.
 [APPLAUSE]
 That's amazing.
 [APPLAUSE]
 Awesome.
 We'll be out the back, guys.
 Thank you so much for coming.
 We'll see you later, guys.
 Thank you.
 Bye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
