 [CHATTERING]
 [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Hello, and welcome to another episode of "No Such Things
 A Fish A Weekly Podcast" coming to you this week
 from the stand in Newcastle!
 [APPLAUSE]
 I am sitting here with Anne Chazinski, James Harkin,
 and Andrew Hunter Murray.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 to share our four favorite facts from the last seven days.
 And now it is time for fact number one.
 And that is James.
 OK, my fact this week is that Mothara has only one Guinness
 world record.
 And it is in the 100-metre sac race.
 [LAUGHTER]
 When did I score sports day here with that?
 I don't know why he did it, but he did it.
 I read an article, and it said, "Mothara needs a world record
 to seal his place among the old-time greats."
 And I thought, I'll check if he has one, and he does.
 He has one other one, which is a two-mile indoor run,
 but that's not in the Guinness Book of Records.
 In the Guinness Book of Records, this is the only one.
 And he's about to lose it.
 What, really?
 Yeah.
 And there's a guy called Stephen Wildish from Rotten.
 And Mothara got 39.91 seconds for his 100 meters.
 And Stephen Wildish has already got 28 seconds, OK?
 But unfortunately, two weeks after he did it,
 he got a letter from Guinness saying
 that to get the world record, he needed a 50 kilogram sac.
 And his sac was only 30 kilograms.
 I thought for a second, you meant the sac had to weigh 50 kilograms.
 And I am amazed, anyone finishes it.
 So anyway, I got in touch with Stephen Wildish.
 And he's going to repeat his attempt next week.
 And he's really confident that he's definitely going to do it.
 And so that means that by probably the week after this goes out,
 Mothara will have no Guinness World Records.
 So we snuck in.
 Right, this definitely needs to go out this Friday, James.
 What's the speed that he managed to clock in for the record?
 So Stephen managed to do it at 28 seconds for the 100 meters.
 So a normal 100 meters form, who say Mothar would be just under 10 seconds.
 So yeah, you know, it's not that fast.
 But it's quite fast.
 And I asked him why.
 I asked Stephen why he was so much better at the sac race than Mothara.
 And he says, unlike Mothar, I have little legs, but large calf muscles.
 And I asked him if he has any inspirational words for the people of Newcastle.
 And he said, "Inspirational words, always check your sac."
 Very good.
 A wise man.
 So Mothara, you're saying, has the Guinness World Record for the sac race,
 but he also has-- but he does have a world record.
 He just has one other world record, but it's not a special Guinness one.
 It's just like a-- just the IWAF or something.
 Yeah, but it's a world record.
 I don't think like when you say bowl gets an Olympic world record, they're going,
 "Yeah, that's not Guinness World Record, isn't it?"
 Surely, that's more.
 I see what you mean, but it is.
 I mean, it's the two-mile indoor run.
 Yeah, I mean, I'm not putting him down, but why is that many different than an outdoor run?
 It's more impressive really to have a two-mile long building, frankly.
 It's true.
 It's weird though, because on the Guinness Record page for running records,
 they've really bumped him up, haven't they?
 He's in the top four.
 I think he's fourth one down, it's the sac race.
 So number one is fastest male marathon, number two is fastest female,
 number three is first to get three records at the Olympics,
 and number four is sneaks, and then with the sac race.
 And I don't want to put down Guinness Book of Records,
 but when they said that Stephen Wildish's sac was too small,
 I kind of think they're a bit upset about Mothara losing this record.
 Yeah.
 They didn't know, but they do have rules about how big the sac is.
 They actually do.
 They have one thing, which is if the sac is too big,
 they notice that people as opposed to like 100 meters long for it to sink.
 Yeah.
 But that's the main issue, really, because obviously in a sac race,
 you're hopping everywhere.
 If you have a slightly larger sac, people actually run inside the sac
 in order to get there, and that builds up speed in a way.
 You can kind of run, you can put your feet into little corners
 and do a little kind of wiggly run.
 But the thing is, it used to be in the 19th century in America
 that each college would have their athletics team,
 so they'd have a javelin thrower and a 100 meters runner.
 But they would all also have a sac race guy.
 And this was quite a big deal, and they would train,
 and they would really try and be awesome at the sac race.
 And some of them would hop, and some of them would run with the feet in the corners.
 And the hoppers were usually better.
 And the thing is that they came up with a technique of really hopping
 as far as they could.
 And it was quite ungainly.
 And sometimes they'd fall over.
 OK.
 But they were so good that when they fell over,
 they sort of did a little somersault and could get back on their feet immediately.
 And they virtually lost no time whatsoever.
 Oh, wow.
 And he's anal thing that he was talking about earlier.
 Sorry.
 So for the people listening to this podcast on Friday,
 and I would hope you'd edit this bit right out.
 No, I don't have a chance.
 There's a new robot.
 We don't have time for this, we don't have time.
 No, we don't have time, no, no.
 People can just imagine what you were thinking about.
 OK.
 Do you know there's a 100 meters on all fours world record?
 Is there?
 And it's 15.71 seconds.
 That's fast.
 Really?
 They are unbelievably fast.
 The guys who do it, it's so good.
 So it's the same man who's broken the record four times since 2008.
 He's a Japanese guy.
 And to practice, he mops flaws on all fours, which is fun to say, as well as to do.
 How does that help him practice?
 I think he just gets habituated to being on all fours all the time and moving around.
 And he's less likely.
 But it's misrepresentative of the actual purchase you can get on the ground.
 That would be more useful if he was ice skating.
 Because then you have the slip of a...
 It's like training, get altitude, isn't it?
 Because if you can do it on a slippy floor and then you get on a proper road.
 Yeah.
 He's not wrong.
 Yeah, he's right.
 He's right.
 These stupid sports, like sports day sports, used to be more difficult.
 Stupid sports.
 You know, sports that are for the people who aren't sporty at sports day.
 We've all got a list and I had pole vaults on mine.
 Pole vaults are stupid sports.
 Stupid sport.
 I'm thinking more egg and spoon, the three-legged, all that kind of stuff.
 But I was looking them up in the British newspaper archive to see what people used to do
 in the olden days about them.
 And it turns out that the egg and spoon race, for instance, used to be done while punting.
 So there was a reference.
 This is, in fact, this is the earliest usage in the OED of egg and spoon.
 It's an 1894 and it said the gentleman had a turn in the egg and spoon race
 in which competitors had to punt with one hand and balance an egg and spoon with another.
 So that is actually much harder, you know, punting for people who aren't
 from Oxford or Cambridge is where you are on a boat standing up and you drop a stick in
 and you have to power your boat along.
 At the same time, it's carrying an egg and spoon.
 Wow.
 I thought you meant punting us and putting a bet on with the horses.
 No, no, that was strictly forbidden, actually.
 And the wheelbarrow race was blindfolded.
 This was in the 19th century at, for instance, a cubic blindfolded.
 And wheelbarrows don't have eyes.
 Exactly.
 It's just more realistic.
 I think you're both blindfolded.
 So this is for Queen Victoria's Jubilee, there was a huge wheelbarrow race.
 And she didn't participate.
 Sorry, the wheelbarrow.
 Are we talking, we're talking where you're carrying someone's legs and they're moving
 on their hands.
 Not a wheelbarrow, wheelbarrow.
 No, no, where there are two people, one of them is pretending to be a wheelbarrow.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, you have to be blindfolded, which makes it a lot more difficult.
 That's you.
 That's nuts.
 Hey, you know that Mofara does the mobot?
 Oh, yeah.
 It turns out that he's actually being the M from YMCA.
 I said, are you saying that's where he came up with it or just, no, they came, so he does
 that thing.
 He does his mobot.
 And the inspiration from that was he was on a TV show, Claire Bolding and James Corden were
 trying to work out what he should do to celebrate the win.
 And Claire Bolding was the one who invented it.
 James Corden called it the mobot, but she said it's the M from YMCA.
 If you had someone who'd just done a vault in the gymnastics, stood next to him, you only
 need a C and an A and you've got the whole thing.
 But wait, that's not, it stands for the M of his name.
 I think Claire Bolding was just trying to explain what it looked like to people if they weren't
 watching the TV, right?
 He doesn't do it as a tribute to the YMCA.
 I don't think.
 No, he's plagiarised.
 One of the greatest dancers, Mr Farah's lawyers and listening to big claim, it's not
 one we all support on this show.
 Do you know something Mo Farah did do, which is not that cool, actually.
 He has a fellow runner called Chris Thompson and they're good friends in Chris Thompson won
 Silver Medal in Barcelona when Mo won gold a few years ago, I don't know why I'm calling
 him Mo, I don't know him, when Mo Farah won gold a few years ago.
 But the first time they ran a race together, Mo Farah said was encouraging him and said,
 "How about we'll run this race, we're going to win it, we'll both run it, we'll hold
 hands as we run, and then we can cross the finish line at the same time."
 They did it and they held hands for the full race and then with 10 metres to go, Mo Farah
 let go of him, push it aside and sprint to the end of the race.
 The 100 metre record for Egon Spoon Race is, do you think it's more or less than Stephen
 Wildish's?
 28 seconds.
 28 seconds.
 Okay.
 Quicker Rosloas.
 Quicker.
 It is quicker.
 Yeah, it's 16.59 seconds but it was set by Sally Pearson who is a professional 100 metre runner
 or she's a herdler but she's quite famous and she beat a guy called Asherita Firman who
 you guys might recognise, we've mentioned him before.
 He has more than 100 world records, mostly in what Anna might call the stupid spots.
 Triple jump.
 I got loads.
 I can't think of many non-stupid spots.
 Well I reckon he must have been pretty annoyed to have lost his 100 metre Egon Spoon Race because
 the very next month he then broke the 100 metres carrying an Egon Spoon in the mouth record.
 Wow.
 Do you even know that was a sport?
 I suspect it probably wasn't.
 Do you know that the school sport stays a regular feature of the me used to be the pillow fight?
 Now that's a sport.
 How do you win the pillow fight?
 I don't know.
 It didn't actually say.
 I'm sorry where there's article were.
 The winner was just announced.
 We used to play in Australia for sports.
 You would sit on a big wooden pole and you'd each have a pillow and you'd try and whack
 each other off.
 Sorry.
 I wasn't the way you had such a traditional education then.
 OK, it's time for fact number two.
 And that is Andy.
 My fact is that the inside of a Kit Kat is made of more Kit Kat's.
 Kit Kat's are an infinite recursive loop is what I'm trying to say.
 This is so cool.
 I mean it can't be true, right?
 Because where did the first Kit Kat insides come from?
 Nobody knows.
 Yeah, this is like a chicken and egg situation isn't it?
 It kind of, yeah.
 So except the eggs are not made of mashed up.
 Chickens.
 Yeah, it's kind of, it's kind of like that.
 So basically during the production process of Kit Kat some of them don't meet the very strict
 criteria for a proper Kit Kat, you know, the wrong shape or they got too many fingers.
 I don't know.
 But anyway, they're wrong and they are, they're rejected and they are ground up and they are
 the filling layer between the wafer bits in a Kit Kat is made of those plus a couple of
 other things as well, more sugar.
 So yeah, they sit the headlines earlier this year.
 I'd never hit the headlines.
 Sure, it was a slow news day, wasn't it?
 I'd never noticed until you said this fact I looked into it, there was a layer between the
 wafer and a Kit Kat.
 I just thought it was chocolate around the outside and wafer on the inside.
 Sometimes you get one which is all chocolate.
 Wow.
 Wow.
 It's a good day that I say when you go.
 Have you had one of those?
 Oh, yeah.
 Has anyone else?
 Yeah.
 About half the rum, okay.
 Good.
 Wow.
 Okay.
 You really, honestly, Andy, wait till it happens to you, it's a real life changer.
 But Kit Kat's, I only realise looking into this, what they mean in Japan, which is a lot.
 Everything.
 What do you mean?
 Everything.
 So Japanese people just love Kit Kat's and they've gone way more nuts than we have.
 So apparently, Kit Katzu is a Japanese expression that means surely win, so it basically means
 good luck.
 And so because of this coincidence, they're super popular in Japan and they've got loads
 of flavours.
 So they've got more than 300 different Kit Kat flavours in Japan.
 Nestily, they've just built a factory there specifically to make the weird-ass flavours
 that they have.
 So they have wasabi flavoured Kit Kat, they have soy sauce flavour, they have sushi flavoured
 Kit Kat.
 What do you guys, you haven't tried it?
 That's right.
 They're not going to enjoy it.
 They have, in Japan, made a Kit Kat which doubles up as a postcard and you can just put it
 in the post to someone because every year about half the children doing their exams get sent
 a Kit Kat for good luck because of that surely win thing.
 So Kit Kat invented a one that's a postcard and you can just send it to someone, just put
 a Kit Kat into the letterbox, you did it, you'd be arrested.
 We're only one envelope away from that.
 Yeah, but you know that Kit Kat started out as Mutton Pies.
 This is true.
 So there was a club in London called the Kit Kat Club and it was, it was run by an innkeeper
 called Christopher Kat, who was called Kit Kat and every, all the literary figures of
 time used to go there and he would serve them Mutton Pies which they called a Kit Kat.
 And so the idea is that that just became a name of a popular food source and then eventually
 it turned into Kit Kat.
 No one has acknowledged that this is true, but the Kit Kat Club, the Kit Kat Club is definitely
 true.
 It's definitely true.
 It's association as well.
 Yeah, yeah.
 So the original Kit Kat definitely was Mutton Pies but get this, the ceilings were so low
 in the Kit Kat Club that they were beautiful establishments.
 So what they, what they did was have paintings all over the club but because the ceilings
 were so low, they needed to get paintings that were longer on the, well on landscape rather
 than portrait.
 And there's a theory that the reason that Kit Kat so shaped like they are is because they're
 paying tribute to the squatty paintings of the Kit Kat Club in London.
 Sorry, I didn't realise when he said no one's acknowledge this is true, you were talking
 about the thing you were about to say.
 You know the Kit Kat slogan?
 I have a break.
 Have a break.
 Have a break.
 I only got that yesterday.
 That's a pun.
 I didn't realise it was a reference to Kit Kat's breaking.
 I thought it was just like, you know, yeah, a break or what?
 I didn't get the other meaning.
 And they only called that.
 Did everyone get that?
 No, no, no.
 No.
 Of course everyone fucking got it.
 As far as if the slogan writer's going to be at a time going finally.
 Was it too obtuse?
 What was I doing that was wrong?
 Sorry, can I join Anna's Club of people who didn't get it?
 Sorry, sorry.
 In the, in the advert, they break it, as they say, have a break.
 I didn't, I know.
 I know, I know.
 We know all the clues were there, James.
 Some sort of two things.
 And it only came about in the 50s when they toughened up the materials that they made Kit Kat's
 from, and they were very proud of the new snapping sound that it made.
 And so actually the crucial thing about it is the breaking sound.
 Look who suddenly the expert on the etymology and the standing of the slogan.
 I have a fact about chocolate.
 OK.
 The average chocolate bar is about 20 to 25% fat, 40 to 50% sugar, right?
 So it's one gram of fat to two grams of sugar, right?
 OK.
 It's very unusual in nature to find those ratios of sugar and fat together.
 So if you have nuts, they have lots of fat, but no sugar.
 If you have fruit, loads of sugar, but no fat, there is a theory that the reason we like
 chocolate is because the place you find that same ratio, one gram fat, two gram of sugar,
 is breast milk.
 Oh.
 No way.
 Yeah, 4% fat, 8% sugar.
 So it may be that we are trying to recreate.
 No.
 No.
 Are earliest.
 Yeah.
 Come for food.
 That's what's happening.
 Why do you think the Terry's chocolate orange is so successful?
 I don't know.
 Why?
 Because you were breastfed by an umpa-lumpa, and you're trying to get back to that.
 Wait, don't.
 The Terry's chocolate orange isn't orange.
 You know you have to take the wrapping off.
 I found a really cool thing.
 I was looking into how they test chocolate, and it led me down a little road that got me
 to MacVitties and all sorts of just how they, they, for candies and biscuits and chocolate
 biscuits and stuff.
 And um, there's a dummy that tests crumb uh, looseage once you're biting into it.
 So it's a robot dummy that just bites, got plastic teeth.
 It's called a crumb test dummy, and the idea is that MacVitties have a laboratory where
 they put it into its mouth and it just goes up and the advantage is that it never stops
 doing that because it doesn't need to breathe because Andy, what is it?
 The robot.
 Yes.
 It's a bit like the anal thing you were talking about.
 No.
 Do we need to move on to the next fact?
 Yeah, we do actually.
 We do need to move on to the next fact, um, sorry Andy to cut you off again, try to get
 to it before the end of the show.
 Um, and now it is time for fact number three and that is Chazinski.
 Yeah, my fact this week is that the first hamsters to come to the UK arrived in a coat pocket.
 Oh.
 I know.
 So sweet.
 The story of hamsters is really interesting.
 So um, basically there was a scientist called, don't be skeptical, there was a scientist
 called Saul Adler back in the 1920s, 1930s and he decided that hamsters would be similar,
 were similar enough to humans that they might serve as useful lab animals for obvious reasons
 that I don't need to go into hamsters humans, basically the same.
 Um, and he, no, he specifically wanted to try out stuff that might cure parasitic diseases
 on them.
 And so he brought three hamsters back from Syria in 1931.
 So all the pet hamsters that you have had in your childhoods and that you've ever seen
 are all descended, um, from the, this tiny batch of Syrian hamsters that these guys found
 in the 1930s.
 And yeah, he smuggled these guys back in his coat pocket.
 And didn't he smuggle them, I might be thinking of a different person, but didn't he smuggle
 them back in the coat pocket because they ate their way out of the box that they were
 in?
 Yes.
 It's a really exciting story.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 It is.
 No, they got, they got a dozen, didn't they just start?
 Yeah.
 And then the mother started, the mother killed one of the babies, so then they had 10 less.
 Okay, fine.
 And then half of them escaped and had to be recaptured.
 And then they put them in a wooden box and they chewed through that and then were recaptured.
 It's like the great escape, but with hamsters.
 And that was with, the guy was called Israel Aheroni, wasn't he?
 Who, he was the guy who was determined that he'd get these hamsters.
 And it sounds like his life depended on it.
 Um, when, when these five escaped, he was absolutely devastated.
 He said he was shaken to his depths.
 And imagine, yeah, when the mother ate her children and then he had three left and then I think,
 uh, oh no, yeah, one, one sibling ate another.
 And then he had to make the brother and sister, didn't he, that was nice.
 Yes.
 So they're all products of incest?
 No.
 No.
 All your childhood hamsters?
 Yeah.
 Incest.
 That's actually one of, that's one of the reasons they're so useful, uh, because they're
 similarity to humans is genuinely because they're very susceptible to heart disease
 hamsters, um, as susceptible as humans and also that's why they're quite good to study.
 And the reason they're susceptible is because they're all very imbred.
 Really?
 Yeah, apparently so.
 Wow.
 The thing is about, um, hamsters is it's really weird why they become popular pets really because
 they only live for a couple of years.
 Tick?
 Yeah.
 [laughter]
 That is a certain comfort, James, in knowing this is a short-term contract.
 Yeah.
 Well, they don't like being handled, you know, they're nocturnal.
 Oh, during the day they don't do anything.
 Are they nocturnal?
 I read that they, well, in the wild, they're definitely nocturnal.
 Both of mine as a child were nocturnal.
 They just don't want to hang out with you, man.
 [laughter]
 I read as well that they're...
 It's because I get pointed at them and saying incest.
 [laughter]
 You should be ashamed.
 Yeah.
 Clocks, ticking boys.
 [laughter]
 You have two months left.
 I've had mobile phone contracts longer than you.
 [laughter]
 I've heard that you can...that they are able to drink alcohol because they hold...they
 hold things...what is it?
 They hold stuff in their cheeks for so long and then they hoard them, and they don't eat
 them too much later, but then it ferments and it turns into alcohol, so they've had to turn
 their digestive system into one that can just downboose really quickly and not die, which
 a lot of animals can't do, and these are serum on from Newcastle, basically.
 [laughter]
 Risky.
 The pouches are amazing, though.
 They're cheeks stretch back to their hips when they need them too.
 What?
 Yeah, they basically go and run down the whole length of their body, and they switch off
 their saliva glands to stop themselves accidentally metabolising the food that they want
 to store, so they stop making saliva until they feel hungry and then they start making
 again.
 I read one thing that said that they can put enough stuff in their cheeks that will make
 their heads triple in size.
 [laughter]
 What?
 Well, I looked at the size of the hamsters head and did a bit of working out, and basically
 it's the equivalent of me fitting a large tin of paint in my mouth.
 [laughter]
 And ladies and gentlemen, we're off finale tonight.
 [laughter]
 I think that's why they were called saddlebags, right, so when they first went to Syria to find
 them, they realised the Arabic word for them, translated as Mr. saddlebags, so they called
 hamsters.
 Well, I'm not sure why, but I assume that must be it.
 I think that is it.
 Yeah.
 Have you heard of America's Hamster King?
 No.
 He's a great guy.
 He's the guy who popularised the hamster across the whole of the USA.
 He's a guy from Mobile, Alabama, and his name was Albert F. Marsh.
 And so I think in the early 50s, but I might be wrong, might be 40s, he took one hamster
 on as a payment of a $1 gambling debt.
 That was how the debt to him was paid off in a hamster.
 Right.
 He must have got another one from somewhere because he then breathed them.
 But within three years, he was making the equivalent of $1.8 million a year, just from sending
 hamsters out to people, and the way he built this business, it was a huge business.
 He can't have been making that much money.
 How much was he charging this time?
 He made him...
 I think he charged about $9, no, it's about $9, which would have been a lot more then.
 But this is incredible.
 So he built the business up and he made it absolutely massive really quickly, and his
 shipping method was to send a hamster to the address you wanted it sent to in a coffee
 can with a potato.
 The potato was for it to eat and drink along the way, and it would arrive, and you would
 have a hamster and then no potato in a coffee tin.
 That is worse than Ryanair food, I've got to say, one potato, come on.
 I was reading that, so the idea of him bringing these bunch of hamsters in his coat pocket,
 I suddenly thought that's the idea of smuggling things in.
 I think I slightly misread the fact thinking it was smuggling in, but so I looked up smuggling,
 and that's where we're going now.
 But I was a story that happened just this year, and I'm so upset that it's not made it
 into the book, because it would have been perfect.
 A woman was arrested in Venezuela after several guards caught her trying to break her boyfriend
 out of jail by smuggling him out in the suitcase that she brought in with her.
 So she went in with her daughter, and she just had, "Oh, I've just got my suitcase with
 me."
 During the visit, while the guards were away, she opened it up, he got inside, they zipped
 him up, and then she tried to just walk out again with him, and she got quite far, but
 then she started struggling with the suitcase, and so they laid it down and they opened it
 up, and inside was a squished boyfriend, who, yeah, that is not the only person in suitcase
 crime story that has come from this year, from this year.
 No, yes.
 In the last week, there was a guy, I think in India, who was arrested, because he had been
 committed crime by getting himself loaded into luggage holds in a bag, and then he would
 get out of the bag, rob all the other bags in the luggage hold, and then get back into
 his bag.
 Oh, yes.
 Wait, how could he put everything in his bag with him?
 I think he might have, he might have just left at that point.
 No.
 Well, he might have just stolen small things, but imagine on that carousel, if you accidentally
 pick up the wrong bag, there's a small Indian man.
 Is this mine?
 No, that's not mine.
 All right, let's move on to our final fact.
 Okay, it's time for a final fact of the show, and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that an effective way to treat snoring is to regularly play the
 didgeridoo.
 This has been done.
 It's been proven by scientists to work.
 No, listen, owing for the partner, is it?
 When you come home, you're like, darling, I've got fantastic news.
 I found a cure.
 I'm just going to constantly play the didgeridoo for the rest of our lives.
 Instead of sleeping, I will be in bed next to you, playing the didgeridoo.
 You won't even notice any snoring.
 Yeah, they did this as a test, they had 25 patients who all suffer from chronic snoring.
 They're 18 years old onwards, so they usually snoring affects people much older, but they
 wanted to start a younger age.
 And they had the more practice a didgeridoo for 5.9 days a per week.
 That's how it worked out, for 25.3 minutes per session.
 And they found a remarkable recovery process of the nasal passage for when you're sleeping
 that you no longer were snoring either as intensely or at all.
 So if anyone here in the audience is a snorer, get yourself to Australia.
 It's a bit expensive, that's where they sell them, and yeah, start playing.
 So I found out about this a few years ago.
 I went on to the QI forums, which is where we do the research for the TV show, and I look
 for didgeridoo, and it turns out I'd post about this in 2006, which is when the report came
 out.
 I suggested a question for QI, which was, how does Roll Paris sleep at night?
 We passed the bullet there, right?
 Oh my god.
 I actually own a didgeridoo.
 No you don't.
 Promise?
 I was given it as a present for my 16th birthday.
 Can you play it?
 No.
 It's very hard to play.
 Yeah.
 I've only got one note out of it.
 And you need a circular breathing the whole way through, which I can't do.
 And I read that when the way that they get different sounds, it's all to do with the way
 that you shape your lip once it's inside.
 So in the way that if you were saying words like, hello, hello, hello, that would be like,
 oh, and then if you're like, wow, wow, wow, wow, wait, do you put your lips inside?
 I think your lips go inside the different way.
 I see now.
 Because it stretches to the mouth, unbelievably.
 How do these guys do it?
 This explains my short-lived trumpet career as well.
 But it is a circular breathing, right?
 That means it can cure snoring.
 Is that the answer?
 Yeah, I'm guessing.
 I think it is.
 The strength and your whole respiratory tract, you know, it just makes everything stronger
 in the whole.
 Yeah.
 Yes.
 And snoring is very problematic.
 Apparently a third of people in relationships cite snoring as a problem in their relationship.
 I thought.
 In Finland.
 Maybe they snore a little bit.
 I know that.
 I have snoring.
 Bad.
 I have bad snoring.
 Yeah.
 I'm talking.
 Yeah.
 And I talk to my wife about it every morning, because I'm like, was it bad?
 Last night with my snoring, and was it bad for you last night?
 And she's always, she's like, no, I really like it.
 It's really, it's God, you're a lucky man.
 I do.
 Or I've married a freak.
 I don't know what it's going.
 But she says, because it's consistent, you know, it has a rhythm.
 It feels like, you know, you're out at sea or, you know, there's a...
 I think I have a very pleasurable snore.
 Did you know that she is suffering more than you are probably, so when snoring is cured,
 people's partner's quality of life in proves more than the snores quality of life.
 And apparently the partners of snores wake up on average 21 times an hour.
 What?
 What?
 Yeah.
 Like a little bit, you know, like you send me wake up and then you fall back to sleep.
 Wow.
 That's amazing.
 That's amazing.
 I'm sorry.
 Well, no, it's about didry days.
 But it is about didry days.
 All right, didry days.
 This is just a story that was in the BBC news website.
 It's from a few years ago.
 It's from 2004.
 And the story is, "Attendling train driver calls two terror alerts when he mistook a didry
 do for a grenade launcher."
 He's a train driver in London and he reported that he had seen a man carrying a grenade launcher.
 And other passengers said the man fitting the driver's description of the suspect had
 been there, but only had a didry do.
 Right.
 That happened in the morning.
 Then later the same day, the same driver reported seeing the man taking aim at love production.
 And the terror police said, "This time we found the man with the didry do."
 He added, "The driver was quite right to inform us about what he genuinely thought was
 a terrorist threat on both occasions, which is you can't really say anything else.
 Can you?"
 If you're an idiot.
 Don't phone in.
 You can't say that.
 He must have been so annoying with the second time calling, saying, "I can't believe you
 guys were irresponsible enough not to catch him at the first time round, and I'm having
 to tell you again."
 The traditional mouth-launched grenade launcher.
 I was trying to work out, actually, because didry do is obviously very long, very wide,
 how they hollow out the inside of a didry do, so I started googling it and couldn't
 find anything.
 Yeah.
 Turmites do it.
 Not really.
 Yeah.
 They train turmites.
 Turmites.
 No.
 They're kind of naturally occurring, aren't they?
 So you get a big bit of eucalyptus and the turmites live inside and they eat all the inside
 bit and then you can cut it off and you've got naturally occurring.
 So you have to wait for a didry do to naturally occur before?
 Yeah, but it's not like a long way.
 It's not like people buy, like, filled in planks of wood and then they sit there staring
 at it.
 They're just in the wild.
 But I mean, it's like we're just we're taking wild instruments and bringing them, like we're
 not even making them.
 We're just finding them in the wild, taking them from their habitat and then sticking our
 mouth right around the rim of them.
 Okay, we're going to have to wrap up at a sec.
 If you guys got anything more before we do?
 There's a bed you can buy.
 It's like a robotic bed.
 Oh.
 Oh.
 Like my um...
 A rattle thing.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 But anyway, this is amazing.
 It has sensors in it and it can tell when you're snoring and then it kind of just moves you
 very slowly into a better position so you won't snore.
 Oh.
 That is not incredible.
 And it also will warm up your feet.
 So you'll tell if you've got cold feet and it'll go, "Oh no, I'm going to warm up."
 That's incredible.
 How can it tell?
 Oh, they're clever robots, aren't they here?
 Yeah, mate.
 They're doing some assaults inside you.
 They are.
 Oh.
 That's the robot for listeners.
 It's a colonoscopy robot.
 Get the word out.
 We don't have time.
 We don't have time.
 Okay, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you would like to gain contact with us about anything that we've said over the course
 of this podcast, you can find us on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @StreiberlandAndy.
 @AndruHunterM.
 James.
 That's James Harkin.
 Anna.
 You can email podcast@qa.com.
 Yep.
 Or you can go to our website, which is no such thing as a fish.com.
 We have all of our previous episodes up there.
 We also have a book available.
 It's out on November the 2nd.
 We're about to give one away to the best fact that we've received from the audience of which
 we have picked.
 James, have you got it?
 Yes.
 The winner is @jessserrax on Twitter.
 Her fact is that the Northeast has the greatest variety of ginger hair in the world with 47
 shades.
 Wow.
 47 shades of ginger.
 That is a book that I would definitely be down for.
 Okay.
 That's it.
 We'll be back again next week with another episode.
 Thank you so much for being here, guys.
 That was really fun.
 We'll see you again.
 Goodbye.
 [Applause]
 [Music]
 (upbeat music)
