 (electronic music)
 (speaking in foreign language)
 (electronic music)
 (electronic music)
 - Hello and welcome to another episode
 of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast.
 This week coming to you live from our book of the year,
 2018 Tour in Norenga!
 (cheering)
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I am sitting here with Anichezinski,
 Andrew Hunter Murray, and Jane Tarkin.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days,
 and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with you, Anichezinski.
 - Yes, my fact this week is that old European malaria remedies
 included throwing the patient headfirst into a bush
 in the hope that he'd get out quickly enough
 to leave the fever behind.
 (laughing)
 Yeah, just got tangled up in there, can't get out,
 and you scarper, that was how you did it.
 And this was used all the way up until the 17th century,
 basically until the 1600s, no one knew how to cure malaria.
 And so they just made up a lot of wacky shit.
 And I wonder what they thought happened to the malaria in the bush?
 Did it stay there, like if you went through a walk through the bush?
 - Yeah, it is a cup.
 - It is a bit like that, so it's called passing through.
 And it's kind of an old folklore thing.
 They did it for lots of different diseases.
 Sometimes it would be a hole in a tree or a hole in a stone
 or something like that, and you would pass through the hole.
 And the idea is you would leave the disease behind you.
 And actually it happened in America,
 they didn't, perhaps they didn't have trees or stones,
 but they used to climb under the belly of a donkey.
 And the idea is you would leave your disease behind.
 - And is it that it gets so distracted by the inside of the tree
 or the belly of the donkey that it goes,
 "Oh, look, and it loses sight of it."
 - I don't think so.
 - I don't think they really knew what was going on with it.
 - Yeah, malaria is not like me,
 just distracted by any idiotic thing.
 Ooh, what's wrong with it?
 - But yeah, so of course the, as soon as the tree
 that has quinine in it was discovered suddenly,
 everyone could be cured of malaria.
 And that was in, well, this is by Western Europeans,
 it was discovered in the 17th century.
 So they went over to Peru,
 and they found the indigenous people were just using the bark
 from this tree called the canchona tree.
 You know, that's how you pronounce it.
 And that just cures it.
 And so they started using it,
 and then all their problems were over,
 no more running in and out of bushes.
 - Yeah, it was a tough time up until then.
 - It was, 'cause there's quite a few other things
 they tried as well as the bush thing, wasn't it?
 It wasn't just the bush thing.
 So eating an onion with the word armen on it.
 - With the word armen?
 - Armen.
 - Was this for malaria to get rid of them?
 - Yeah, the armen.
 - Well, it didn't work either.
 - But you can't, I mean, very few anions have the word armen on them.
 - So if you can find one of those,
 I think you deserve to be cured.
 - Yeah, you were allowed to write it on yourself.
 - Oh, fine.
 - Smirring cow manure on your body,
 drinking opium-laced beer,
 that was quite a good one, actually.
 There was a guy called Alberta's Magnus,
 he was the Dominican scholar,
 and he said, allowing insects to devour
 77 small cakes made from a dough
 prepared by mixing flour and the patient's urine.
 - Right.
 - Just on the beer one that you said,
 well, no, no, no.
 - Don't you kind of glossed over a slightly more?
 - A 77, allowing the flies to eat 77 small cakes.
 - Can't be any insects.
 - Oh, fine, okay.
 Do you have to open a tiny gregs for them,
 which says we have urine cakes inside?
 - Can I just say for the people at gregs,
 I'm sure you don't sell urine cakes, I've never...
 They're never sponsoring us chains, we could say what we like.
 (laughing)
 - Actually, Kate Guy was a guy called Alberta's Magnus,
 wasn't it, who was, this guy in the 13th century
 who came with loads of wacky cures,
 and another one of his familiaria was that
 you could cut a chip off a block
 that a criminal had been executed on,
 and then rub it all over your body
 if you were suffering from it.
 And that scared off the malaria,
 'cause it reminded it of the penalty for being evil.
 Reminded the evil malaria,
 that maybe it'll be hanged one day
 if it doesn't go away.
 - And that's where we get the phrase,
 a chip off the old block on which a criminal was executed.
 - It is, exactly, yes.
 - I've got a real cure for malaria.
 - Okay.
 - Viagra, can fight malaria.
 Did you know this? - Yeah.
 - So, okay, the malaria parasite, it gets into your body
 and it goes into red blood cells for a while.
 It spends a while in there in your bone marrow,
 and the spleen's job is to filter out, you know,
 old or dead or stiff red blood cells,
 and so the malaria normally sneakily passes through.
 However, and that means it spreads through the blood.
 However, if a patient takes Viagra,
 the infected blood cells themselves stiffen up.
 (audience laughing)
 - It literally makes your blood cells go stiff.
 - Yes, I know that, that, that, that, that, that.
 - I knew that it made other things go stiff.
 I just didn't know that it made the actual blood cells
 in your body go stiff.
 - I think it's true.
 - If you dilute Viagra and put it in a plant part,
 it makes a plant go stiff.
 - Get away.
 - I didn't know individual cells
 getting individual little erections.
 - Exactly.
 But it does, it will present the mosquitoes
 with a big target as well to go through.
 - How come when you eat Viagra then,
 it doesn't make a tongue stiff?
 (audience laughing)
 - I think that, no, in fairness, that's quite a good point.
 - That's a great point.
 - How come, basically, anyone who's taken Viagra
 the whole body just isn't completely stiff?
 (audience laughing)
 - I don't know.
 - Well, he gave it as a starfish.
 - All right.
 - I'm ready.
 (audience laughing)
 - But starfish have got five limbs
 and you've only got, oh no, yeah.
 (audience laughing)
 (audience applauding)
 Anyway.
 Dr Butler, there was a famous doctor called Dr Butler,
 and his way of treating malaria was by dropping people
 through a trap door on London Bridge
 into the polluted river Thames.
 - There used to be a trap door in London Bridge.
 (audience laughing)
 - I mean, that's, I didn't think of that,
 but yeah, that is where, isn't it?
 - Wow.
 - So would he have to lure them onto the trap door?
 - Would they know they're gonna be dropped
 through the trap door?
 Or does he say, pay me the money?
 And I'll show you where the cure is.
 (audience laughing)
 It's just over here.
 - I think, it's a really good question.
 I really don't know.
 'Cause this guy wasn't great.
 He had a habit of treating epilepsy
 by firing a gun beside the victim's head.
 (audience laughing)
 - He was the physician to James I.
 So he was like, you know, he's a real deal.
 Well, no, he wasn't the real deal, but, you know.
 - But you said that like, James I first
 who famously lived for 700 years,
 like, how did he die?
 26, malaria.
 (audience laughing)
 Hey, do you know the oldest example of malaria
 that we found in a human that we have now?
 - No.
 - It's Tutankhamun.
 - Is it?
 - Yeah, they've recently discovered a few years ago now
 that Tutankhamun actually has types of,
 not even one type, a few types of malaria inside him.
 And that would have contributed
 to his immune system going down.
 So they don't think it's what killed him,
 but they think it's what, you know, added to his problems
 of his feet being bad and whatever it was.
 We don't actually know what killed him.
 I think he was possibly crushed by a hippo,
 but it's possible that the malaria
 and not back the reflexes, it's possible.
 - It's not possible.
 - Everything's possible, you know, maybe in the sarcophagus,
 he was very, very flat.
 (audience laughing)
 - He also had syphilis, didn't he?
 He had everything Tutankhamun.
 He was the first, he had the first socks and sandals,
 I think, in the world.
 He just, always on it.
 In fact, malaria can cure syphilis.
 So maybe he had malaria to cure his syphilis.
 - That's possible.
 - So this is a genuine thing.
 Yeah, someone won the Nobel Prize for this in,
 this was in 1917 that it was discovered,
 and it was an Austrian physician called Julius Wagner-Jorreg.
 And he realized that the fever that could be induced
 by malaria was hot enough to cure syphilis.
 And so yeah, he got the Nobel Prize
 and that was used until 1940, if you had syphilis,
 then you would be infected deliberately with malaria.
 - And don't worry, we've got some gonorrhea for the malaria.
 (audience laughing)
 And then we've got some dengue fever for the gonorrhea.
 It's like the old woman who swallowed a fly.
 (audience laughing)
 That was infected with malaria.
 (audience laughing)
 - There's a town, a city in fact in Australia
 called Townsville and 7,000 families there
 have been nannying mosquitoes recently.
 - This is what we mean by that.
 - Within the last year or two.
 So they've all hosted a tub of mosquito eggs
 in their backyard, and they've watered them
 and kept them nice and cool and moist and nurtured them.
 Because those mosquitoes have all been infected
 with a bacteria, which means they're less able
 to transmit dengue and Zika viruses.
 And they're the ones where you're gonna try
 and get them to mate with the other mosquitoes.
 - Exactly.
 - Yeah.
 - So they're breeding millions and millions,
 and everyone in the town has agreed to it.
 They said, yeah, great, bring on the good mosquitoes.
 - That is good.
 - Yeah.
 - It's a rubbish pet.
 If you ask for a dog, you've got 1,000 mosquitoes.
 You're really pissed off.
 - And it's wrapped up under the tree in the shape of a dog,
 but in fact, 2,000 mosquitoes.
 - I mean, you're never gonna wrap a dog are you?
 (laughing)
 - Well, people are trying to find malaria vaccines still.
 And it seems to be habit to infect yourself
 with malaria to work out what works.
 But also in the past, people infected other people.
 So, we often talk about self-experimentation
 and it's kind of these heroes who poison themselves
 so they can work out how to cure themselves.
 But there was a guy called Dr. Gracie in 1898
 who really wanted to work out,
 who really wanted to prove that malaria was caused
 by the Anophilese Mosquito, which it is.
 And no one would believe him.
 And so he got a volunteer called Mr. Solar
 to be locked in a room in a tiny box
 for 11 days filled with malaria infected mosquitoes
 until he got one of the 11 days.
 - Yeah, it took, yeah.
 I mean, oh wow.
 - And the sad thing is we know that he got malaria
 because it was a successful experiment.
 So this guy, Dr. Gracie, was thrilled.
 He was like, now I've proven that the Mosquito cures malaria.
 And in his case notes, he writes,
 "The rest of the history of Mr. Solar's case
 "has no interest for us, but it is now certain
 "that mosquitoes carry malaria."
 So, oh my God. - Did not care, yeah.
 - Wow.
 I was looking into the idea of all these old, you know,
 suggestions for how you cure things.
 So outside of malaria, there's everyone,
 every single disease seemed to have an eccentric thing
 assigned to it.
 And one of my favorite ones is if you had swollen eyes,
 the way that they suggested,
 Dr. Suggested, that you cure it,
 was that you tied a live crab to a necklace on your chest,
 and you just let it live there.
 And no, I mean, nobody will notice your swollen eyes
 ever again.
 (laughing)
 - You just tie it around your neck
 and you just have a live crab and that will cure it.
 - Cool.
 I didn't know swollen eyes was really a thing.
 I was like, around the ear, so it's not swollen at all.
 - It's thanks to the crap cure that was so successful.
 That's why everyone's got normal eyes.
 - We wiped it out, yeah.
 (laughing)
 - I was just saying before about these mosquitoes
 in town, they're gonna send them out to have sex
 with other mosquitoes.
 And I looked into how mosquitoes have sex.
 And one interesting thing I found is,
 it's the females that bite you.
 And so what some male mosquitoes will do,
 is they'll find a human and then just hang around the human
 waiting for females to come.
 - Wow.
 - So like the human is just like a singles bar or something.
 (laughing)
 - That's so cool.
 - So you might just have a little mosquito flying around
 and you're like, "Oh God, say, can he's just waiting
 for a bit of Lady Mosquito."
 - Wow.
 - It's quite risky then landing on you though.
 Going to that bar is a risky affair.
 'Cause I didn't realize.
 - That's the dating scene.
 (laughing)
 - Oh, you gotta put yourself out there.
 And they do.
 But the reason they suck our blood is to feed their eggs.
 So that's why it's only the females.
 But they, as soon as they've sucked it,
 they're so full they can't move anymore.
 So every time a mosquito is sucking on your blood,
 it's risking its own life.
 'Cause if you spot it and spot it in time
 and that's why you often can,
 it can't really fly away.
 It's got this giant sack of blood now inside it.
 - Wow.
 - It's actually really worse for them than it is for you.
 - We're gonna have to move on in a second.
 Or an X-Fact.
 Do you wanna say something Andy or no?
 - It's just a follow-on fact from that, really.
 But it's not relevant enough to end this,
 to end the second.
 - No, no, no.
 - Well, man, bring it home.
 - Oh God.
 It's not good, it's not good.
 It's just that Mosquitoes are victims as much as we are
 because they're carrying the malaria parasite,
 but there's a theory that Mosquitoes
 are actually made a bit crazy
 by having the parasite inside them
 and it makes them extra keen to suck blood.
 So they would do it anyway,
 but the parasite makes them basically like vampire mosquitoes.
 - And the other thing is they get sick.
 Mosquitoes get sick, so it's a bit harsh on them.
 If they've got this malaria parasite there sick,
 and also we blame them for kind of spreading it,
 but Mosquitoes don't get on airplanes
 and fly around and stuff like that.
 Mosquitoes stay near that little place where they live.
 What happens is humans get bitten, humans go somewhere else,
 and they get bitten again and make a poor Mosquito sick,
 and then that Mosquito gets loads of other people sick.
 So it's the humans who are doing all the spreading around.
 The poor Mosquitoes are just flying around,
 getting sick and then getting squashed.
 - Oh.
 - The real enemy is man.
 (laughing)
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, it is time for fact number two,
 and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that,
 instead of commissioning new wax works
 for their exhibitions,
 the Bible Walk Museum in Ohio
 repurposes discarded wax works from around the world instead.
 As a result, Abel is played by Prince Charles.
 (audience laughing)
 King Solomon is played by John Travolta,
 and Jesus is played by Tom Cruise.
 (audience laughing)
 And I encourage you to go online and look at these photos,
 'cause Tom Cruise makes a good-looking Jesus.
 (laughing)
 - It is in baby Jesus, like Nativity scene.
 (laughing)
 It is manger, and then you pull as little rug down,
 and it's Tom Cruise's face, baby.
 - Yeah, it's Tom Cruise with the help it's ordered.
 - Yeah.
 - Like a mission impossible,
 the way he always pulls off the rubber mask,
 and it's Tom Cruise underneath.
 You thought I was the baby Jesus?
 Well, you were wrong.
 You're a really good boy.
 Yeah, so this is a very almost famous in American museum.
 The Bible Walk Museum, it was started
 by Pastor Richard Diamond in 1983.
 He was inspired after he visited another wax museum.
 Not the greatest origin story, sort of expected or best.
 And he wanted to do it and tell the story of the Bible,
 but he realized how expensive it was to make new wax works.
 So he thought there's a lot that are closing down all the time.
 There's a lot that are selling them off at auction.
 Let's just buy these.
 And they tend to be celebrities, so yeah.
 - That's the thing, like no one knows what Abel looked like.
 Do they?
 He might look like Prince Charles, I don't know.
 - Yeah, that's true.
 They gave Prince Charles, when you see that photo,
 a sort of putting bowl haircut.
 So they mess with the hair.
 They don't leave the head untouched.
 They still dress them up, and they, yeah.
 And it looks really good.
 And Steve McQueen is there, and George Harrison is there.
 And Marlon Brando, and Bert Lancaster, and Clark Gable.
 It's, yeah.
 - That's an unbelievably cool selection of people.
 You just listed.
 - You might be open with Prince Charles,
 and you've got your Clark Gables and your Steve McQueens.
 Are they all the wise men?
 - No, they're all just random bit parts.
 There's no, they've got no starring roles.
 Surely Jesus is a starring role
 at a Biblically themed walkthrough wax work museum.
 - There are also, there are quite a few Jesuses in there,
 because it's all of Jesus' life and stuff like that.
 So at one stage, Prince Philip is being resurrected.
 - Prince Philip, yeah.
 - They've got the age of Jesus at resurrection wrong,
 I think that's directly, so do people not mind that?
 - No, they actively love it.
 And that's the problem that the Biblically walked museum has
 is that they don't like people liking that.
 They think it takes away from the story of Jesus.
 So, if you call up, if anyone wants to visit them,
 don't call up and say, hey, can you give us the celebrity
 tour, they will not let you into the museum.
 They actively say, you're not coming now.
 - Really?
 - I think so.
 (audience laughs)
 I'm pretty sure I read that, but they don't encourage that at all.
 And they do think it takes away.
 - I think they've got to make up their minds.
 Either be so stingy, you're going to repurpose
 tacky old wax works for your museum or fork out
 and don't complain about, you know?
 I think if you're going to do it, embrace it.
 Like they did, in fact, so Madame Two Swords
 did an activity thing in 2004,
 and they deliberately put loads of their
 Madame Two Swords icons in the Nativity.
 And so it had the three wise men,
 were Tony Blair, the Duke of Edinburgh,
 again, and George Bush.
 So this is all relevant to people.
 It was an ironic thing, I think.
 Joseph and Mary were posh and becks.
 - Oh.
 - But this was really unpopular.
 - Yeah, it's going to say, did the Catholics
 and Christians not like that very much at that time?
 - They did not like it at all.
 No, the Vatican spokesman in Britain said
 it was really disrespectful to Christianity.
 And the exhibition actually closed before Christmas
 because someone got in, so cute, got their ticket,
 then went straight up to Joseph and Mary
 and punched them in their face.
 - Oh.
 - Yeah.
 - Wow.
 Do you know, just speaking of Madame Two Swords,
 do you know what the wax work Tom Daly,
 the diver, has that most other wax works.
 So anatomically, what he has that most other wax works don't have.
 - Well, he's very strong.
 Is he, does he have a six pack?
 - I'm sure he does.
 - Yeah.
 - But so does Prince Philip.
 So that's not.
 (laughing)
 - I'm just trying to not go for the obvious.
 - Does he have a lunch pack?
 - No, no, he doesn't.
 - Such a box, I think, is what it's called.
 Are you sure?
 - I'm pretty sure, yeah, yeah.
 - You confused me.
 I thought you actually meant someone packed it.
 - I'm sure.
 - I don't think he doesn't have a pack lunch.
 - No, it's feet.
 He has feet.
 What, the others don't have feet?
 - Most wax works just have the shoes
 and they have a very good sort of metal inside,
 almost like what you put a shoe horn into a shoe.
 So yeah, Donald Trump's wax work, for example,
 definitely no feet, it's just his shoes.
 - Most of them, I think, you can get by
 just with head and hands.
 So after they've finished with,
 so for example, what happened to David Cameron
 after he stopped being Prime Minister
 was his Madame Tussauds' wax work
 was decapitated and had his hands chopped off
 and they were kept in storage 'cause they, oh!
 (audience laughing)
 Some applause.
 I don't think we're in that divided country yet.
 (audience laughing)
 So they never, they think is they never melt anyone down.
 They never melt down a head or hands
 'cause those are the most difficult fiddly
 and the most personal bits to do.
 - Yeah, so it's kind of cheating.
 They're not making wax models,
 they're just making wax hands and a head.
 - Or wax hands.
 - There's an amazing book about Madame Tussauds,
 which is by Pamela Pillbeam and I read a bit of it.
 In the 19th century, Madame Tussauds had a life orchestra
 playing as you walked around
 and it was a really classy thing to do.
 You could touch anyone you liked, I'm pretty good.
 But do you mean the models?
 'Cause it's gonna put off the violinist, isn't it?
 (audience laughing)
 Fondle the orchestra.
 You're still hard to touch, Madame Tussauds.
 I think that's the whole point.
 - On the option.
 - Are you?
 - I think so.
 - I don't know, I haven't been for years.
 When I used to go, you weren't allowed to touch them,
 but I think more recently, they've allowed you
 to kind of put your arms around them
 and take selfies and stuff.
 - Yeah, I think we've mentioned before
 that they know that Brad Pitt
 is the most groped of the wax works
 at Madame Tussauds.
 - Yeah.
 - How do they know?
 They have someone watching.
 - No, the reason they know is because it's the one
 that they need to replace most often.
 Because people keep touching it,
 so it keeps the trousers need replacing
 and stuff like that.
 - Yeah.
 (audience laughing)
 - Oh, well, well.
 - Like I say, I haven't been for years.
 (audience laughing)
 Because I'm banned.
 (audience laughing)
 But Tom Hardy, for instance,
 the Tom Hardy model at Tussauds,
 he has a beating heart and a soft, warm torso.
 - What?
 - What?
 - So if you weren't allowed to touch him,
 there'd be no point having that, would there?
 - Yeah.
 - Is it actually Tom Hardy?
 'Cause he is very still in a lot of his shows, anyway, isn't he?
 - He's just had a lot of high anger,
 and he's stiffened him hard.
 (audience laughing)
 Arnold Schwarzenegger actually did that.
 - Yeah.
 - Arnold Schwarzenegger, there was a thing he was promoting,
 and for a stunt, he just stood in Madame Tussauds,
 dressed up like the terminator, you know,
 with the sort of metal showing through and injured,
 and then he would move and freak people out.
 (audience laughing)
 - Some of the religious kind of things
 that you can go and see.
 - Yeah.
 - The world's largest wooden construction,
 so the largest wooden construction in the whole world,
 is Noah's Ark.
 - Wow.
 - And it's a Noah's Ark in America,
 it's called the Ark Encounter,
 and it fits over 16,000 people simultaneously inside it.
 - But there are only supposed to be two, I thought.
 (audience laughing)
 - What a space, they have a lot of space.
 And, well, actually, there are a few more humans
 on Noah's Ark, wasn't there?
 - Yeah, there were.
 - So there was Noah and his wife,
 and there were his sons, so there was Shem.
 - Ham.
 - And the third one who has the more complicated name.
 Wait, someone knows it.
 (audience laughing)
 - Jedwood.
 (audience laughing)
 - That was two by two as well, Jedwood, wasn't it?
 (audience laughing)
 - I'm sorry, I heard Jedwood,
 because apparently in the Dublin Wax Museum,
 you can have a Jedwood made,
 but and there are only two for one deal.
 (audience laughing)
 - Who wants it again?
 - Jedwood. - JPEG.
 - JPEG.
 Okay.
 (audience laughing)
 So, it was, it was Shem Ham and JPEG.
 But the amazing thing is that this massive Noah's Ark
 was made by a guy called Ken Ham,
 which is the same name as someone I know as Ark.
 He's quite famous in America as being an extremely
 pious Catholic, anti-evolutionary kind of guy.
 And Bill Nye, the science guy,
 he went to see this Noah's Ark,
 and he said on the third deck of the Ark,
 "Every single science exhibit is absolutely wrong."
 (audience laughing)
 Not just misleading, but wrong.
 (audience laughing)
 So yeah, it's completely bad.
 And then Ken Ham, by the way,
 is trying to, this year and last year,
 trying to put the Jesus back into Halloween.
 (audience laughing)
 He's suggesting that people should go reverse trick
 or treating where you bring the baskets of goodies
 to bless your neighbors.
 - And what if they don't want one?
 You have to do something nice to them?
 (audience laughing)
 (audience laughing)
 - Well, good luck with that, Mr. Ham.
 - Did you know that baby Jesus theft
 has its own Wikipedia page?
 (audience laughing)
 - Is there much on it?
 - It's jam-packs to the rafters.
 Yeah, so Jesus is always getting stolen at Christmas
 as it happens.
 (audience laughing)
 And then there's this list that's always going neck
 from nativity scenes.
 Marilyn Manson wants to stole a whole bunch of them.
 He admitted later, he stole a whole bunch of Jesus'
 and actually oddly replaced them with Ham's.
 (audience laughing)
 So maybe that was a tribute to Ken.
 - Wow.
 - I was thinking Marilyn Manson,
 did he not have a song called "Personal Jesus"?
 - Did he?
 - No, he did, didn't he?
 - So he's just going, "That's my personal Jesus."
 (audience laughing)
 "That's my personal Jesus."
 And actually, this is what you said earlier.
 I read a quote from a historian of baby Jesus thefts
 who (audience laughing)
 he may have other strings to his boat
 who's called Daniel Silliman and (audience laughing)
 - Come on.
 - Absolutely.
 Sorry, Silliman, what's your very serious paper
 about this time?
 (audience laughing)
 Anyway, he said, "Baby Jesus thieves literally
 "take the Christ out of Christmas."
 - Oh.
 - Which I think is worth reflecting on.
 - Yeah.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three,
 and that is James.
 - Okay, my fact this week is that a giraffe
 with breathing problems can be treated
 by using a leaf blower.
 (audience laughing)
 - Is it on suck or blow?
 (audience laughing)
 - I think it's on blow.
 - Or they're always on blow, aren't they?
 - Leaf blower is generally, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 (audience laughing)
 - Otherwise they'd be leaf suckers.
 (audience laughing)
 - My leaf blower sucks.
 (audience laughing)
 So this, Andy was the only person
 in the room who found that funny, which (audience laughing)
 - So, where were you all?
 (audience laughing)
 - So, this is a 2007 paper by Cetano et al.
 And what did al contributes to what he did?
 (audience laughing)
 - And what happened was they had to
 anesthetize a giraffe, but as anesthetized in it,
 and then it had trouble breathing,
 and they managed to fix it by getting a gas powered leaf blower
 and then attaching it to a few other parts
 and managed to artificially ventilate this giraffe.
 - By blowing into it's mouth?
 - Through it's trickier and into it's lungs.
 - Wow. - Ooh, wow.
 - And got all the leaves out of it's inside.
 (audience laughing)
 - Yeah, well, copy's like, is anyone else hungry?
 (audience laughing)
 - The thing I've always find weird about giraffes
 is that, I think we've done this on QI years ago,
 is that when they were first spotted by the Romans,
 they called them the camel leopard.
 So they, someone saw a giraffe
 and thought, what's the striking thing about this?
 Well, it looks like it crossed me in a camel and a leopard.
 And in fact, he noted, this animal is like a camel
 in all respects, except that its legs are not
 at the same length.
 (audience laughing)
 - The skin is spotted like a leopard, so we're cool.
 I mean, what about the neck place?
 - Yeah, nice.
 - This is something that wasn't looking up.
 - You know, it was only until recently
 that we found out there was more than one giraffe.
 That was a, you mean, more than what species of giraffe?
 - Yeah.
 (audience laughing)
 - Because actually if they were all studying a line,
 and you could only see the one right next to you.
 - Oh, yeah, I mean, there was more than one species.
 So we thought up until now that it was just giraffe,
 and there was subspecies within giraffe,
 but now there's four.
 - Wow.
 - And what there's always been,
 but we've just suddenly been like, whoa, there's three more.
 - So there's a thing about their nerves,
 and it's a really annoying thing for them.
 It doesn't affect them too much, but so most vertebrates,
 we have these things called a laryngeal nerves,
 and they help to send signals to all the organs in your body.
 And in all mammals, they branch off the vagus nerve,
 that how it's pronounced, at vagus nerve.
 - Oh, that's good to know,
 because we mentioned that in this next episode
 that's going on.
 - And you're not going to like how we say it.
 (audience laughing)
 So they branch off the vagus nerve,
 and then one of them loops under the aorta,
 and then back to the, is it larynx?
 (audience laughing)
 (audience laughing)
 So then it loops back to the larynx,
 and it's a bit awkward, but it's only a few inches longer
 in almost all mammals.
 Unfortunately, in giraffes, they've got these really long neck,
 so the nerve has to go on this massive detour
 all the way down.
 So in humans, it's six inches long,
 and it should only be about six inches long for giraffes,
 but in giraffes, it's 15 feet long,
 'cause it has to go all the way down the neck,
 and then back up.
 - Whoa, wow.
 - And that's the nerve.
 - That's the nerve, yeah.
 - So does that mean if you like slap a giraffe
 on the chest, then it won't feel it for ages.
 - Well, actually that is kind of true.
 So this is not the vagus nerve,
 but one of the other nerves.
 So it takes a rat 4.5 milliseconds to respond to stimuli.
 If you stand on a rat's foot, it would take that long,
 but a giraffe, it takes 100 milliseconds
 to sense a response to something.
 So like if you stand on a giraffe's foot,
 it would take what, I don't know, 25 times longer.
 - Wow.
 - So it'd be very dangerous drivers, wouldn't they?
 (audience laughing)
 - Very slow reactions.
 (audience laughing)
 And also, you'd have to cut a hole
 and top of your car.
 (audience laughing)
 It was, I think, the first giraffe that came over here,
 or the really famous giraffe that came to Britain in 1827,
 I think it was, came apparently in a boat
 where they had to have a hole drilled in the deck of the boat
 so that it could travel.
 - Well, that was to France, wasn't it?
 - There were three, and they were given
 by the visor of Egypt, weren't they?
 And it was sort of like dealing cards.
 He gave three giraffes, one to Britain,
 one to France, one to Austria,
 and bizarrely, they were transported from Egypt
 over to Western Europe on the backs of camels.
 - Yeah.
 - What?
 - Yeah.
 - They were strapped to camel.
 - They were, they were, they were small when they started.
 They were, they were young giraffes when they started.
 - Ah, alright.
 - So for the first stage, they were put in a camel.
 - Ah.
 - So how long was the trip though?
 That's a long, it was, it's so long.
 It took two and a half years to get them from Sudan
 to, no wonder, to the, trick the camel to begin with,
 by going, this guy's tiny, he'll be fine.
 (audience laughing)
 One year in, this guy's, what the fuck is this?
 (audience laughing)
 This guy's just like me, but we're slightly longer legs.
 (audience laughing)
 - It was amazing though.
 They, so the one that went to France was called Zeraffa,
 and Zeraffa had three nannies who were all cows.
 - Yes.
 - Because he needed six gallons of milk every day
 to keep growing.
 - Yeah.
 - Wow.
 - So these cows all went along for the ride as well.
 - So wet nurse nannies, rather than,
 it wasn't nannies who played with him with rattles
 and stuff, was like, they suckled at the cows' teeth.
 They must have had a massive identity crisis
 by the time they arrived.
 - They suckled the cows' teeth.
 - Yeah, they suckled.
 - How do you suck a lot of cows' teeth?
 Is it's cow really, really high and still, so something?
 - The cow is on the back of a huge donkey.
 (audience laughing)
 - Yeah, maybe they put the cow on stills,
 I don't know, it's not like a lot of effort to go to,
 but they suckled the cows.
 - Wow.
 - Yeah.
 - We think that we thought, until recently,
 that giraffes were loners.
 And now, apparently, it turns out,
 they can just see each other from further away.
 (audience laughing)
 - And they genuinely, so...
 - But they couldn't talk to each other
 from that distance, could they?
 - They can communicate from a fair,
 I think from about a hundred feet away.
 They can, 'cause they have infrastructure today.
 - I think they can harm at volumes that we can't.
 - Well, no, they've been here.
 - Yeah, we've been for centuries.
 I've been trying to work out how they communicate
 through voice, because they don't really hear
 giraffes communicating, so they think house is done.
 And in zoos, they did a study to see whether or not
 they could capture them talking to each other.
 And the conclusion is that they have found them
 talking to each other at night,
 and it is through, as you say, hums.
 So they hear these hums,
 and they're done in different patterns and so on,
 so they think they're talking to each other.
 There's a slight thought that it could also be them snoring.
 They're not sure.
 (audience laughing)
 'Cause it's curious that they do it only at night.
 - Maybe it's one of them snoring,
 and the other one's saying,
 "Can you just turn over, please?"
 (audience laughing)
 - That's it.
 - Do you know the weirdest thing about giraffes
 are of all quadrupeds.
 They're the only known ones that can't swim naturally.
 So every single four-legged animal you've ever seen
 is a natural swimmer, and so not like we are,
 we have to learn to swim if you drop a baby in the water,
 it will sink, same with an ape, which actually they did.
 I think in the early 20th century,
 they retrieved them, but they dropped lots of monkeys
 into water, watched them for a while,
 and they all flailed, and then sank quite quickly,
 then they got them out again.
 - Do when you live by the ocean,
 as in I'm just wondering if they live inland,
 it's only lakes, they're probably tall enough,
 they've never had to learn to swim, 'cause they're next around.
 - Maybe, crossing a river,
 you can just walk across the riverbed, aren't you?
 - Well, you don't know until you try.
 As in, you don't know that a giraffe can't tell
 the depth of the river by just looking at it.
 They'll come a point where you're walking into the river,
 and you think, "This is fine, this is fine,
 "this is not fine."
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - But then you're the exciting explorer,
 and then the rest of going, "All right, Mike didn't make it,
 "let's find another way."
 (laughing)
 We're gonna have to move on shortly.
 Just quickly, I found the fact about leaf blowers
 and animals, so your fact was a giraffe
 with breathing problems can be treated using a leaf blower.
 I have to admit, and this is genuinely true,
 right until you said it tonight, I misread it.
 I thought you said a giraffe with breathing problems
 can be used as a leaf blower.
 (laughing)
 Honestly, as you read it tonight,
 they're the one giraffes that can't be used to blow leaves.
 I thought that's what it was,
 so I looked into other animals
 that can be used as a leaf blower.
 (laughing)
 - I think we do need to interrogate for a second
 how you thought a giraffe was gonna be used as a leaf blower.
 Was it like, when you play wheelbarrow at school in races,
 you hold its legs, but it's nose to the ground?
 - Yeah, I turn out, 'cause the only,
 I thought it was a bit of a cruel fact to use, to be honest.
 I was, 'cause I thought they must have this sort of push
 that with a break in between, 'cause it's like a wheeze,
 and they probably lean over because it's hurting,
 so they're going, they're like, wow, this is really effective
 in zoos, let's walk the giraffe around
 with the breathing problems, and let's clean this place up.
 Anyway, so elephants also use their trunks
 as a makeshift leaf blower, as it were.
 - Don't say all so.
 (laughing)
 (laughing)
 - So elephants, they have this thing.
 - Where if they're in vicinity of inaccessible food,
 because a bit too tight for them to get to the food,
 what they do is they blow at the food
 if there's some sort of tree or wall, let's say,
 that's in the way, and it bounces the food off it
 and back towards them, and that's how they can get their food.
 And this is something we've been observing about elephants
 for a very long time, in fact,
 in the descent of man by Charles Darwin,
 he writes about the leaf blowing that wasn't invented then.
 So, way ahead of his time, Charles Darwin.
 - It's interesting, 'cause it's a bit like them using tools,
 isn't it, because they've basically solved a problem
 to be able to get food closer to them,
 which I think is really cool.
 - Yeah, it's really amazing.
 - I was looking at a few other weird things
 that Vets had done, and just this one thing I found,
 which I really liked, it's not quite that,
 but there was a spiny antita called Matilda,
 who had inflamed skin, bald patches, and bulging puffy eyes.
 And it turned out that she was allergic to ants.
 - Wow. - She's an antita allergic to ants.
 And actually, yeah. - Where's your puffy eyes?
 - Puffy eyes, yeah.
 - They should have just put a live crab.
 (audience laughing)
 Around the neck, problem solved.
 - They made a vaccine for her, that's it.
 - Oh, okay.
 Okay, time for our final fact of the show,
 and that is Andy.
 My fact is that when 3,000 British teenagers
 were surveyed in 2008, 20% said that they thought
 Winston Churchill was a fictional character.
 (audience laughing)
 - They can all vote now, can't they?
 - Yep.
 (audience laughing)
 So, and this is just sort of, you know,
 things that gets thrown up by opinion polls,
 so the same poll found that 27% thought
 that Florence Nightingale had never existed,
 and the 47% thought that Richard the Lionheart was fictional,
 which I can kind of understand,
 'cause that sounds like it. - Yeah, it sounds like it.
 - Sounds like it.
 - Sounds maybe happy, doesn't Richard the Lionheart, yeah, sure.
 But 47% thought that Eleanor Rigby was real.
 - Oh. - So.
 - Well, there wasn't real one, was there?
 - Yeah, I mean, in a way she was,
 because Paul McCartney did see the name Eleanor Rigby
 on a tombstone, he didn't know her, or her story,
 but there was, well, 47% of British teenagers in 2008
 knew that Beatles arcane anecdote.
 (audience laughing)
 There was a month later, they did another survey,
 and one in three primary school pupils thought
 that he was the first man to walk on the moon
 when it's the Churchill.
 Cool. - Well, I think a lot of these things,
 it must be like, they just give you a name of a person,
 they go, real or not real, and you just go,
 I don't know. - Yeah.
 - Especially at primary school,
 you don't care what you're crossing,
 you're just excited someone's giving you a felt tip.
 (audience laughing)
 - But so, they, just bringing up moon,
 it's not as if they think he's fictional,
 as in it's a conspiracy that he was invented as an idea,
 'cause you know there was all that stuff,
 about the fact that we'll fight them on the beaches,
 was said by someone else, a voice actor.
 Which is not true, I don't think,
 but there was an idea that he had never...
 - It is true, there was a voice actor.
 - Yeah, yeah, it was a voice actor.
 The famous recording that we have,
 or many of the famous recordings that we have,
 in fact, of Winston Churchill,
 I think we're recorded after the war.
 - Churchill himself did a few in a studio,
 but there are broadcasts which were done by a voice actor.
 - Okay, right.
 You know, he has been a fictional character
 in some respects. - Okay, yes.
 - I went on to Comic Thine website,
 and found that there's 164 comic books
 with Winston Churchill as a character in them.
 - Wow.
 - He's been in Star Trek, Comic, Eagle, Justice League,
 Super Buy, Captain America, Green Lantern,
 and Santa Claus versus the Nazis.
 (audience laughing)
 - Wow.
 They're the main ones.
 - He wasn't very good in studies.
 I mean, I know there's a thing that's often said about Churchill,
 but I do think it's quite reassuring
 when you realize how bad he was at school.
 - So he failed basically everything
 that he didn't like except history in English.
 He failed his entrance exam to university twice
 or to the Royal Military College,
 which I don't think was that hard to get into.
 But he failed that twice.
 - Well, he failed everything except history in English.
 - Oh, he did very badly in it.
 Yeah. - Okay, but history in English
 was two best ones.
 - I think so, yeah.
 - And then later on, he won the Nobel Prize for Literature
 and defeated Nazis, history, and English.
 (audience laughing)
 - So what we're saying, kids, is specialize.
 - Yeah.
 (audience laughing)
 - If you know good at French, fuck it.
 (audience laughing)
 (audience laughing)
 - Is that what we're saying?
 (audience laughing)
 - How do we are that divided a country after all?
 - You're in Roosevelt, FDR, I first met him.
 He first met him in 1918.
 So I would have been just after he'd come out
 from fighting the First World War
 and they were on a diplomatic mission
 and he met Churchill as a soldier
 and called him a stinker, hated him.
 - So they obviously became really close
 in the Second World War, but the only thing he said
 about what it's in Churchill was, what a stinker.
 - What does stinker mean in that?
 Does it mean just a bad person or like actually smirk?
 - It means a stinker. - Oh really?
 - What is, you're a stinker, you know,
 like in a playground, if you call someone a stinker,
 then-- - I know, not only too well.
 (audience laughing)
 Oh.
 (audience laughing)
 So Churchill first became famous in the Boer War
 as a reporter, didn't he?
 But then as a correspondent, he got captured
 and he had to escape and then the tales of his escape
 became really, really famous.
 But when he did escape, they raised the alarm
 and they gave a description of him
 so they could find him.
 And they said, "Escape to Prisoner of War,
 Winston Spencer Churchill, Englishman, 25 years old,
 "about five foot eight inches tall, medium build,
 "walks with a slight stoop, pale features,
 "reddish brown hair, almost invisible, small mustache,
 "speaks through his nose, cannot pronounce the letter S,
 "and cannot speak one word of Dutch."
 - Oh, wow. - And that's your great Winston Churchill.
 - Oh. - Yeah?
 - Almost invisible, small mustache.
 Wait, you there, stop.
 No, that's too visible, a small mustache.
 You're free to go.
 (audience laughing)
 - That was Hitler, wasn't it, in that respect?
 (audience laughing)
 - Can I tell you just a really quick Churchill thing,
 there's quite tangentially related,
 but this was actually one of our researchers
 sent me the book with us in the other day.
 And it's that Winston Churchill had a son-in-law,
 Duncan Sandis, who was a minister for a brief time in the '60s.
 And basically, Winston Churchill's son-in-law was forced
 by Harold McMillan's government to go to the doctor
 to have his penis compared to a penis in a salacious photo
 to prove that it wasn't the same penis.
 And it's just such a good story.
 So there was this huge ruckus in the early '60s
 because someone was caught having a blowjob
 given to them by a Dutchess.
 And their head wasn't in the picture.
 So you can only see the other regions.
 And it was gonna be this huge scandal.
 And everyone said it's this guy.
 It's the minister of defense, Duncan Sandis.
 And so he eventually had to go,
 he was made to go to Harley Street by the government
 with this photo in one hand and this willy in the other.
 (audience laughing)
 - How did he ring the bell?
 (audience laughing)
 (audience laughing)
 - Anyway, they confirmed it wasn't the same penis.
 - Wow.
 - We should talk as well about surveys
 'cause surveys, they always bring up the weirdest
 of revelations about what people think around the world.
 I really like that.
 There was a survey done about what we think sci-fi things
 are real and not real that we hear about.
 So, for example, over a fifth of adults,
 and this was in Birmingham, did this as a survey.
 Over a fifth of adults incorrectly believe
 that lightsabers exist as a real thing.
 Nearly a quarter, 24% of people believe
 that humans can be teleporters.
 (audience laughing)
 That's quite cool.
 40% believe that hoverboards exist.
 I mean, it's a--
 - I think they didn't invent a hoverboard.
 'Cause I thought they invented the world's first hoverboard
 a couple of years ago.
 - They also had those really rubbish
 kind of things on two wheels that like a segway
 without the stick and they were called hoverboards.
 Maybe I'm thinking of that.
 They didn't invent one.
 I think it might have been a bit rubbish.
 - 11% of teenagers think that fruit pastels
 count as one of your five a day.
 - Which color?
 - Any color?
 - Any color.
 - They're all fruit.
 - They're all fruit.
 - Well, fruit and meat pastels, are they?
 (audience laughing)
 Although I've just had an amazing idea.
 (audience laughing)
 - Well, 11.5 tubes of fruit pastels
 would give you about as much vitamin C as a piece of fruit.
 - So Yugav do obviously loads and loads and loads of pulse
 and they build up these huge, you know,
 crunching amounts of data based on, you know,
 just they pick one thing that people divide into
 like right-handed or left-handed
 and then they can find out massive amounts
 about the tendencies.
 So Yugav surveys have found,
 and they've sort of crunched the loaded numbers together,
 that a quarter of leave voters like their stakes well done
 but only 12% of remain voters like their stakes well done.
 More leave voters than remain voters
 think that Doctor Who votes conservative.
 (audience laughing)
 - Remain voters think you would probably vote green.
 (audience laughing)
 - She.
 - Oh.
 (audience laughing)
 - Well thanks a bunch, Shoez, I've got up to Chris Ackelston.
 (audience laughing)
 - Well, get ready to be angry.
 (audience laughing)
 - Um, I found this amazing.
 There was a survey done last year
 that found 35% of French people cannot name
 the French Prime Minister.
 - What?
 - Which, I mean, can you?
 - No.
 (audience laughing)
 - The French Prime Minister.
 - Who the President is Macron?
 - Yes, indeed.
 - Does that get, is that what the half point?
 - You don't get bonus points for naming that cross.
 - This is the worst pub quiz I've ever been to.
 (audience laughing)
 - So who is it?
 - It's a guy called Edward Philippe.
 - I have to say I'd never heard of it.
 - I could have guessed that.
 I would have said two random French names.
 It got pretty close.
 (audience laughing)
 - He's not incredible more than a third.
 I don't know that own Prime Minister is.
 Apparently on the survey a lot of people put Gerard Philippe
 or I think it's an actor or Louis Philippe,
 who's obviously, you know, early French king.
 But yeah, they don't know that PM.
 And I think probably Britain might be
 in the same position at this stage, but yeah.
 - By the time this goes out next week.
 (audience laughing)
 - There was a survey done in America about the cloud
 or cloud computing putting up in the clouds.
 And 51% of the Americans answered to the survey
 I said that they thought that if it was a stormy
 weather situation outside, that would affect them
 getting access to their cloud information.
 It's fair enough.
 - There was a tech poll a few years ago where 11% of people
 believe that HTML was a sexually transmitted disease.
 (audience laughing)
 - So that was a survey, a study that was looking
 into how many people understood techy sounding words.
 So as well as that.
 - How many people thought that JPEG was a character
 in the Bible?
 (audience laughing)
 - So as well as HTML is sexually transmitted disease,
 they found that 27% of the people doing it
 thought Gigabyte was an insect commonly found
 in South America.
 (audience laughing)
 18% thought Blu-ray was a marine animal.
 And 23% thought MP3 was a Star Wars robot.
 (audience laughing)
 - To be fair, in five years time,
 no one's gonna know what an MP3 is,
 and almost no one knows what a Blu-ray was.
 So they were just ahead of their time.
 - Oh, thanks, I'll just put all of Doctor Who on Blu-ray.
 (audience laughing)
 - All right guys, we need to wrap up.
 Okay, that is it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we have said over the course
 of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Streiberland, Andy.
 - @AndruhunterM, James.
 - That's James Harkin, Andrew Zinsky.
 - You can email us at qi.com.
 - Yeah, or you can go to our group account,
 which is @nosuchthing, or you can go to our Facebook page.
 No such thing as a fish, or our website.
 No such thing as a fish.com.
 We got everything up there from upcoming tour dates
 to our book, a link to buy it to everything.
 It's got all the previous episodes.
 And before we wrap up, we're gonna very quickly read out
 the winner of tonight's prequel book.
 - Wow.
 (audience laughing)
 - So James, you've picked a winner.
 - Yes, so this fact is from Becky,
 whose friend Chris Lemon has a birthday today.
 And it is. - Happy birthday.
 - Happy birthday, Chris.
 If you're here.
 - Thank you.
 (audience laughing)
 - Well, Becky's fact is that in 1974,
 a research scientist, Dr. Sommelin,
 announced that he had successfully transplanted skin
 from a black mouse onto a white mouse.
 It was later discovered that he had actually
 coloured the white mouse in with a black pen.
 (audience laughing)
 That's an amazing fact.
 Okay, guys, we're gonna be outside
 signing these books if you want one.
 Thank you so much for being here.
 We really appreciate it.
 We'll be back again next week.
 Goodbye.
 (audience cheering)
 (upbeat music)
 (audience clapping)
 (upbeat music)
