 The song is called "Horoi Wa Wa Ka Sibe"
 The song is called "Horoi Wa Ka Sibe"
 The song is called "Horoi Wa Wa Wa Ka Sibe"
 Hello and welcome to another episode of "No Such Thing as a Fish"
 A weekly podcast, this week coming to you live, from Bustapal!
 My name is Dan Schreiber and I am sitting here with Anna Chazinski
 Andrew Hunter Murray and James Harkin
 and once again we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts
 from the last seven days and in no particular order, here we go!
 Starting with fact number one and that's my fact this week
 My fact is the 95-year-old billionaire who controls Viacom and CBS
 now communicates via an iPad preloaded with audio clips
 His choices include "Yes, No" and "Buck You"
 So how does this work? You're having a conversation with him
 and rather than respond with his mouth then he responds by clicking a button
 He's a very old man now, he's 95 years old
 and his speaking has gone quite bad so his communication is very bad
 so what they've done is they've helped him swear at people
 with as much force via a button
 because he can't swallow, he has a problem with this throat
 He is fed through a tube and he really, really likes steak and he wants to eat steak
 but they will never let him because he has this tube
 and they say the only way he can get rid of his tube is if he conserves his energy
 by reducing his sexual activity to once a week
 And he refuses!
 Is he called Redstone? He is, he's called "Sumner Redstone"
 He's a very big media mogul, he has a lot of CBS and so on
 and things that are underneath that are like paramount pictures and so on
 His family have a company which is the National Museum's Theodor Chain
 and that's what that all sits underneath
 He has a majority vote so he's the big dog really
 so he's a very important guy
 and he kind of like, he's done a few things that have gone into pop culture
 Content is king is a thing he coined
 That's what I mean that we're all supposed to know about
 I think he would be very hurt by that comment
 I don't know what he'd say
 What is that?
 What is what? Content is king, you know, it's a saying
 It's been said, it's not a very old saying
 Sorry, you're saying he invented the non-existent catchphrase "Content is king"
 Is this kind of shit he's been turning out? He's a billionaire
 Yeah, that's all you need to do apparently
 Just one catchphrase and you become a billionaire
 No, he's got a giant empire behind a real catchphrase
 It's not like, nice to see you to see you, nice, is it?
 Bringsie came out and shouted "Content is king"
 He's not on TV yelling it
 Where is he behind the scenes? When is he saying "Content is king" and where it has become so famous?
 He's saying it meetings when Bruce Forsythe's going, "What do you think of?"
 "We've got this great catchphrase, but I've got no show."
 That's shit, content is king, that's when he's saying it
 But the thing is, it's hard to know whether the fuck you, that he says, or the FU,
 Let's stop swearing, the FU, is said as a mean thing or a nice thing
 There was an interview with one of his advisors, a wealth advisor called Rebecca Rothstein
 She said, "I've only been the recipient of an FU once. I think he meant it in an endearing way."
 It's all to do with how he presses the bus on, I suppose, to take your cue from things like that
 Was he known for being a particularly bad boss? Is this something he uses a lot this button?
 He's a big character, there's a lot of controversy in his personal life and his business life
 It's hard to say, don't know the guy, but yeah
 We're talking about a billionaire, I don't want to say anything livalous, right?
 Hey, it's an asshole, what are you going to do?
 I don't know what to do
 But all my researchers on asshole billionaires, so we're in trouble
 One guy who admits that he used to be a bad boss is Bill Gates
 I think he's got a much more cuddly image now, but when he was first working at Microsoft,
 when he was first in charge of Microsoft, Bill Gates knew everyone's car license plates
 so he could look out into the car park and see when people were arriving and leaving from their work
 and he only stopped doing that when the company got so big that he could not physically remember
 everyone's license plates again
 If only you could come up with a system of putting letters and numbers in a big file
 I was actually reading a thing in the Guardian
 where they ask people to write in and say examples of bad bosses and what they've made them do
 and one of them may have been a Bill Gates employee because one of these people wrote in and said
 "My boss made us all park our cars facing the same direction for neatness in the car park."
 That same boss said that all of your buttons have to be made of pearls because plastic buttons
 are ugly and then some other ... I don't think this is Bill Gates
 No, I don't think that is Bill Gates, that would be like this
 they do call him "perly Gates" so maybe that's why
 There you go, yeah that's why
 There was just in this list of things to the Guardian
 these are some other things people have had to deal with with bad bosses
 Someone wrote in and said that they got a round ribbon email from their boss saying
 "Please can everyone do their number two's before they come into the office
 because I don't like going into the bathrooms and having them smell bad"
 So that's some advice from a boss
 Another boss banned all paper clips because once he'd accidentally clip some sensitive material
 to the back of someone's appraisal which they'd read
 And another boss said that all equipment in the entire office needs to be clearly labeled by Friday
 otherwise disciplinary action will be taken
 and that included things like every single thing by Friday
 things like chair, light switch, door, floor and ceiling
 Someone had to get a step done around
 I found a thing about how to be successful at work in relation to your boss
 Okay, so if you keep a religious symbol at your desk
 your boss is less likely to ask you to act unethically
 and it can be a symbol from any religion
 so there was a study of this in India
 and if they found that their bosses put less pressure on them
 to bend the rules or to be rude to other people
 and it also works if you put a virtuous quotation at the end of your email
 like better to fail with honor than succeed with fraud
 But when you say it's getting them you ask them to do less fraudulent things
 that what you said
 is it not that you just spend less time talking to them
 because you don't want to talk to them
 so you ask them to do less things in-
 Do you have maybe-
 what because they've got an enormous crucifix
 a six-foot tall crucifix about this
 Larry's a bit full on, isn't he?
 I would give that person a wide berth, definitely
 How's this for a bad boss?
 I'm not sure if we mentioned before George Pullman
 have we mentioned him?
 He made-
 Yeah, Ben Willey-Bot.
 Ben Willey-Bot made train cars.
 I know he just made train cars, didn't he?
 Yeah, he made train cars but he was a really, he was a terrible boss
 he ran basically he built a town for all of his employees to live in
 so he had schools and churches, he changed the money
 from American dollars to paying them in Pullman money
 so it was just his own currency like he was the monopoly man
 and yeah so he just took over their whole life.
 Whoa.
 Yeah, yeah.
 And then the thing about him is he was hated so much
 that his family buried him under like three feet of concrete
 because they thought someone would go after his cops.
 Oh, dear.
 This is a, I've got some advice if you can.
 Oh, but just be offering some times fun,
 how many comments I'm receiving?
 Oh, I'm not sure about that.
 Oh dreadful.
 It's alright, it was dead.
 I wouldn't have cared.
 But there is...
 There are some tips if you haven't really heard about...
 I'll do you to do the hoology at my funeral, Anna.
 Do we like to this guy now?
 He doesn't give a shit.
 Do you know one thing that does work
 is sticking a pin into a doll of your boss?
 Oh.
 So there's genuinely reduces...
 What do you mean work?
 I think they don't feel the injury wherever you put that down.
 Sorry.
 That would be a hell of a fact, a pair of you wouldn't.
 Who do works?
 If so, sorry, it works to reduce your anger at your boss.
 Oh, coming.
 Participants in this experiment, they were asked to remember
 very specifically and clearly, a time that their boss had humiliated
 or blamed them when it wasn't their fault.
 And then they were asked to name a voodoo doll on the screen,
 on the computer in front of them.
 And some had to name it nobody,
 and others people could name it after their boss.
 And if you got the chance to do the damage to a doll named after your boss,
 you felt a much lower sense of injustice after it was all over.
 There's alternatives, because people do, I think, regrettably do stuff where they...
 If they don't like their boss, they sense stuff.
 I was reading in America, there's a human resources director
 who's taking legal action to find out who wants her to eat a bag of dicks.
 Now, this is a company in America that sent, on request,
 gummy-shaped little penis-ish-ish-ish-ish-ish-ish.
 Sorry, not gummy-shaped penises. You need to see a doctor about that.
 What a frightening company that would be.
 But yeah, they're called dicks by mail.
 And what they do is you ask them to send a package to a boss or someone
 relative that you don't like.
 Right.
 And she's trying to sue that company now to find out who had sent that to her.
 Yeah, because she was very upset.
 The company's website, if you go to it, it's so dicks by mail.
 And it markets itself as great way to tell your friends, family, loved ones,
 or enemies to eat a bag of dicks.
 I actually have a related fact.
 It's about eccentric millionaires.
 Do you know what John Wayne bobbits is up to these days?
 Oh, so you remember him.
 He was the one whose wife...
 Yeah, chopped off his stuff.
 Chopped off his gummy.
 Yeah.
 I'm thrown out of the car.
 Well, he is now a treasure hunter.
 He's not still looking for it.
 He is looking for a chest of treasure.
 And this is a chest of treasure that an eccentric art dealer has hidden
 in the Rocky Mountains somewhere.
 He's called Forrest Fenn.
 350,000 people have tried and failed to find this treasure.
 Wow, is it worth...
 Did you say it was worth a great deal?
 I didn't, but it is.
 Okay.
 It's probably...
 It's worth about two million dollars.
 And it's like jewels and stuff like that.
 And he's hidden it somewhere.
 And four people have died looking for it.
 Ooh, yeah.
 It's very dangerous.
 One bad boss was the guy who ran Mars, Forrest Mars Senior.
 He invented the Milky Way and Eminem.
 So he's quite a big deal.
 But when new managers came, he would make them sign a resignation letter
 on their first day.
 What?
 Oh, and then just in case.
 And just in case so, he had it.
 In case they didn't reach their targets, he'd be able to say,
 "Well, now you're going to give me your resignation."
 That's pretty bad, isn't it?
 So it is bad.
 In a meeting once, he made his youngest son
 pray for the firm on his knees for an hour.
 When you said he ran Mars, I thought you meant he ran...
 I didn't think anyone ran Mars, but no.
 You mean the planet?
 Yeah, exactly.
 But you mean the chocolate firm.
 He says chocolate is king.
 It's a catchphrase.
 LAUGHTER
 OK, it is time for fact number two.
 And that is Chazinski.
 My fact this week is that before scarecrow's were straw dummies,
 they were living children.
 Wow.
 So you're not saying every single scarecrow that you see
 used to be a living child, eh?
 And then a powerful witch came across that.
 LAUGHTER
 I'm not saying that.
 That's how stuck in the mud came about.
 If you actually run under a scarecrow's legs,
 it turns back into a child.
 That's true.
 But don't do it, because that child is angry by this point.
 LAUGHTER
 No, that's not the fact.
 That would be amazing.
 This is the fact that the way that people scared birds away
 from their farms in year-olden days
 were just by employing kids to do it.
 And the first use of the word scarecrow
 to refer to someone that scares a bird was in 1553.
 And that referred to children who had the job of doing it.
 And then in 1592 came the idea of the stuffed dummy.
 But until the late 19th century,
 and I think into the early 20th century,
 then kids were just employed to do this.
 And it was quite a common job.
 You know how you got a job doing a milk ground or something,
 or working in a cafe as a kid.
 The equivalent of that in the Victorian era
 was standing in a field and scaring away birds.
 And the reason that they stopped having children there
 is because the factories started opening
 and they could pay the children more.
 Mmm, yeah.
 And the factories could pay the children more?
 Yeah.
 So the children decided to work in the factories instead.
 Well, I'm not sure they had much say in the matter.
 I'm not saying.
 But they worked in the factories instead.
 And also the reason that the scarecrow's came in
 is because of the plague.
 The plague killed so many people
 that there weren't enough children to go round
 and so they had to make the scarecrow's instead.
 Oh, really?
 Yeah.
 It wasn't a terrible gig.
 I read that in the 1800s.
 If you were, for instance, a child scarecrow in Winchkem,
 you would be paid a penny per day plus a suite.
 By which you mean the vegetable?
 No, a Swedish person.
 We had a surplus there.
 [LAUGHTER]
 There's only one celebrity scarecrow
 that I've found in history, who is, you know,
 the Thomas Hardy book, Jude the Obscure.
 Yeah.
 Jude the Obscure used to be a scarecrow as a child.
 Oh my god, I totally forgot that, really.
 I'd forgotten it, too.
 Wow.
 It's not a real celebrity.
 It's not-- it's not going to trouble heat magazine
 any time soon.
 I mean, I would say a bigger celebrity scarecrow
 is the scarecrow from the Wizard of Oz.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 That's true.
 So there are two.
 Well, actually, just quickly on the scarecrow
 from the Wizard of Oz, I was reading about him today.
 And it turns out that in the original books,
 he doesn't actually lack a brain.
 In reality, when she meets him, he's only two days old
 and just really ignorant.
 Oh, yeah.
 So he actually has a brain.
 And then in the movie itself, if you all remember
 that great moment where the wizard does give him a brain,
 he suddenly recites Pythagorean Theorem.
 And he states that it applies to an isosceles triangle.
 That's not correct.
 No, obviously, it's a right-angle triangle.
 What the fuck is he talking about?
 I mean, he's only had a brain for like 10 seconds.
 I would have loved to have been in the cinema
 with you as a kid watching that.
 That's actually the character of the scarecrow.
 So it was played by Guy called Ray Bulger
 in the original Wizard of Oz.
 But it was supposed to be played by a guy called Body Epson.
 And if you look this man up, Body Epson
 was-- he was six with three.
 He was incredibly skinny.
 And he looks exactly like a scarecrow.
 His whole face is scarecrow-like.
 And so the people making the film thought, this is our guy.
 He's an actor, looks like a scarecrow.
 And then they decided to cast this guy called Ray Bulger
 as the Tin Man.
 Little did they know that Ray Bulger
 had been inspired to act when he'd
 seen a production of the Wizard of Oz.
 And he'd seen the scarecrow leap up through a haystack
 off a trampoline.
 And seeing that scarecrow made him think,
 one day, I must play the scarecrow in the Wizard of Oz.
 And so he was cast as the Tin Man, and he was pissed off.
 He loves to be.
 He insisted.
 And they said, no, no, we're not going to let you.
 We've got this guy who looks like a scarecrow.
 And the guy who looked like the scarecrow was practicing
 the lines and was being taught the dances.
 And eventually Bulger just wore them down
 and said, I will be the scarecrow.
 It's my life's mission.
 And he was a scarecrow.
 So that's-- if you could see inside the Tin Man,
 he looks like a scarecrow.
 But do you know the Tin Man swaps?
 Yeah, the Tin Man swaps.
 There's one.
 No, no, no, no, no, this is what I'm saying.
 No, no, no, what happened was they swapped.
 So they were like, OK, we're still in the movie.
 This is fine.
 And the guy who was the original scarecrow
 was now the Tin Man.
 But he got allergic to all of the paint that was put on him.
 Couldn't do the job.
 So he got fired.
 He's not in the Wizard of Oz.
 He's not there.
 He lost his job.
 They should have given him lion.
 I don't think that's how it worked.
 I don't think there was just a--
 He was also allergic to cats.
 [LAUGHTER]
 There are cool old words for scarecrowes, which I never knew.
 In Old English, they were called a free bogard.
 Nice.
 Which is a good--
 Oh, yeah.
 Really?
 We still call it that round here.
 Yeah.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Polyviz.
 I don't know how we're talking about it.
 What the hell is this scarecrow?
 Well, let's try a couple of others, then.
 Potato Bogal?
 Ah, got you there.
 Potato Bogal, which was--
 That hasn't got here yet, that one.
 Or a Tati Bogal.
 I think Tati Bogal has got it.
 Potato Bogal, sorry.
 Potato Bogal, if you're from Oxbridge, obviously.
 But Tati Bogal, for the rest of us.
 I was reading that, though, in 1989,
 they were testing new scarecrow ideas.
 And there was one exciting one, which
 was a scarecrow that I think must have been laying back
 because every now and then, a propane cannon would lob it up.
 Oh, yeah.
 No, these are still sold.
 And it really works.
 It really scares away the birds, because suddenly--
 Boo!
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah, Tati goes.
 I read one more bit of scarecrow technology.
 In Australia, they have AI scarecrowes.
 Although we've been in the West country for two days now,
 and I've realized around here, AI stands for artificial insemination.
 We learned that last night.
 We didn't learn that last night.
 We learned that last night.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And we mean the hard way.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah, they have this-- it's kind of like a box.
 But what the box can do is it can recognize
 what animals can come towards it.
 And it can make species-dependent noises.
 That's cool.
 Yeah, so they know what crows don't like,
 and they know what geese don't like.
 And all these different things, they
 can make different sounds.
 And the main problem with scarecrowes
 is they get used to whatever's trying to scare them.
 The crows get used to it.
 And so this is-- they can change it all the time.
 We're going to have to move on to our next facts.
 Should we move on?
 Well, I found one article in the Metro.
 It was entitled, "Is this the world's most useless scarecrow?"
 And it was a picture of a scarecrow that was completely
 covered in bird poo.
 And it had a nest of five chicks tuts on his jacket.
 [LAUGHTER]
 OK, it is time for fact number three.
 And that is Andy.
 My fact is that the first ever leisure caravan
 had a man on a tricycle going ahead of it
 to check that the roads were good enough.
 So caravans were traditional mode of transport
 for a long time before they were used for leisure.
 And then I found this on a blog by a guy
 called Eugene Bern, which is a great blog.
 I do recommend it.
 And it was all about the guy who invented
 recreational caravanning.
 He was a guy called William Gordon Stables.
 And he was alive in the second half of the 19th century
 until 1910.
 And he was a crazy guy.
 He wrote for the boy's own paper to advise to boys.
 And most of the things he recommended
 were cold baths and hot porridge and long walks.
 And he said that kind of sorts you out.
 And so he wanted to have an adventure.
 So he commissioned a wagon company in Bristol
 to build this beautiful thing that he called the wanderer.
 And it's really ornate.
 It's made of mahogany.
 It had a paraffin oven, it had a bookcase,
 velvet lined furniture, lots of musical instruments.
 He kept a pistol in it as well.
 I do not know why.
 And he went on adventures, but--
 But yeah, I think he called it a land yacht.
 And it was the land yacht wanderer.
 And he was an interesting guy.
 The other thing, he did, he had a real passion
 for dogs and cats, this guy, William Gordon Stables.
 And he wrote a load of books in his life.
 And he either wrote books about how boys could survive
 in the wild, you know, like cat camping,
 like boys, out of style books.
 All he wrote books about how to keep dogs and cats.
 He wrote a book called The Domestic Cat and The Dog
 from Puppey Hood to Age.
 Yeah.
 And then on top of that, he wrote medical life in the Navy.
 Wild adventures in wild places.
 And his last book was called The Sauciest Boy in the Service.
 Oh, wow.
 And I looked into that.
 It's not what you think.
 The word sassy just used to mean cheeky, didn't it?
 Oh, OK.
 I think he was Scottish as well, because he loved dogs and cats,
 and he wrote a load about them.
 And he would frequently turn up at dog cat and agricultural shows
 usually in full-highland dress.
 Yeah.
 So he's quite a character.
 And his thing with the whole tricycle was that he--
 so the caravan was horse-drawn.
 He had two horses that were taking them forward.
 They were called Captain Cornflower and Polly P. Blossom.
 And they would both be going down.
 But the man servant that he had on the tricycle
 who was called Foley, he was both checking
 that the road surfaces were OK for him to go on.
 But also in case anything was in the way, he would say,
 get off the road.
 There's a caravan coming.
 And I never went--
 What's a caravan?
 Yeah, it's true, yeah.
 I guess it was a new thing.
 Well, we should say it wasn't a new thing.
 So the caravan had existed as a way to travel and for circuses
 and travelers for a long time, thousands of years, really.
 But the idea of using caravans for leisure, which some people
 would say is an idea that should have
 been nixed at the first, second, but he was the first person
 to do that.
 And the early ones were really luxurious.
 It was a thing that the upper classes did.
 And they would be one of the few holidays
 that you could take where you'd have running water.
 They had running water in the turn of the 20th century.
 They would have libraries, full libraries.
 Some of them had pianos in them.
 And the pioneers of caravan in called themselves
 gentlemen gypsies.
 And they were always horse-drawn, except just coming up
 to World War I. Then the motor car
 had been invented by this point.
 But it wasn't quite strong enough to pull most caravans.
 But a few people experimented with motor cars pulling caravans.
 And they were very much frowned upon as like too fast-paced.
 This isn't what caravan is about.
 You can still get some really posh caravans,
 really expensive ones with lots of great stuff in.
 The element palazzo is the world's most expensive caravan.
 It costs about 2 million pounds.
 2 million pounds.
 Yep.
 Go on.
 It has a rooftop terrace, underfloor heating,
 and a pop-up cocktail bar.
 Pop-up cocktail, pop-up bar.
 But really, very pleasantly, it's known as the land yacht.
 Really?
 He saved us the first ever one.
 It's interesting, isn't it, marketing's very clever?
 Because if you analyse those three things,
 a rooftop terrace is just a route.
 It doesn't mean you can get onto the roof.
 Underfloor heating, not super impressive, right?
 You put a radiator on the floor.
 And a pop-up cocktail bar.
 That's just a table.
 That's just a foldable table.
 I just need to go and get my 2 million pounds back.
 There was a panic in 2014 about caravan holidays
 and people thought that there were sleeping gas gangs
 who would go around and they'd drop a sleeping gas canister
 through the window of your caravan.
 So then you'd be unconscious.
 They'd knock you out and then they'd come in
 and they'd rob your caravan of all its stuff.
 Well, they'd take the pop-up bar
 and they'd rip the radiator from under the floor.
 But it seems to have been a completely fabricated thing.
 So the Royal College of Anesthetists got involved.
 And they said there were dozens of newspaper stories
 about these sleeping gas gangs operating in France
 and Italy, I think, on, you know, innocent British tourists
 who were taking the caravan around.
 And they said it is the view of the college
 that it would not be possible to render someone unconscious
 by blowing ether chloroform or any of the others
 through the window of a motorhome without their knowledge.
 Ether is extremely pungent and it would cause coughing
 and sometimes vomiting.
 And it takes some time to reach unconsciousness,
 even if given by direct application
 to the face on a cloth.
 So they said it just doesn't happen.
 If you were going to rob people and you would think
 where do people store their most valuable possessions?
 Should we rob a mansion?
 Should we rob a castle?
 No, I think every pop over to one of those haven caravan sides.
 Try and render those guys unconscious
 or get a couple of bottles of cider.
 I mean, it doesn't make any sense at all.
 I read just an article that was sent to the Royal Society
 in 1957 and it was about the history of the caravan
 and it was done by the head of the caravan society.
 And he was talking about the fact that they had their caravans,
 but people were really against caravans for a little while.
 He said conservative elements that feel their own interest
 threatened and fear it have accused followers of caravans
 of every sin from leaving litter and stealing chickens
 to sexual promiscuity and spying.
 Spying?
 All right, 007.
 This isn't going to be your most glamorous gig yet.
 OK, it is time for our final fact of the show.
 And that is James.
 OK, my fact this week is that the gravity on Mars's smallest moon
 is so weak that if you built a ramp on it,
 you could ride your bike into space.
 So you escape the--
 You escape, yeah, you're going to escape velocity
 and you can fly into space.
 You wouldn't really want to ride a bike there
 because you probably wouldn't be able to ride
 because you need gravity to ride bikes.
 So you can kind of-- they've done experiments
 where they have bikes which kind of--
 they're built to make it look like there's no gravity
 to make you feel like there's no gravity.
 And they found that people can balance,
 but they can't turn and they can't use the brakes.
 On Mars.
 That's in any kind of anti-gravity situation.
 We haven't-- not on Mars.
 We haven't got people to Mars just for the sake
 of doing this bike experiment.
 I'm going to cover up that with me.
 And also, this isn't Mars.
 This is the smallest moon, which is called Demos.
 Demos, Demos.
 And it is one 50 million times as big as the moon.
 So really, really small.
 It's radius is about four miles, so you could run a marathon
 round its equator and have the finishing line
 pretty much where the starting line was.
 And because it's so small, the gravity is really weak.
 So I would weigh about the same as a teaspoon of salt.
 Just on bikes not going into space,
 actually, there was a plan that we were going to send bikes
 with one of the Apollo missions, because yeah,
 the lunar buggy wasn't going to be ready in time.
 Apollo 15 actually tested out bikes
 that they could take to the moon.
 This is electric bikes, as opposed to pedaling bikes,
 although that was suggested as well.
 You couldn't pedal in a space suit, though, presumably.
 Presumably, yes.
 Although someone did do a tandem quadra bike
 that they wanted to send up there as well.
 And they actually got close to the testing.
 They actually brought them up into a vomit rocket
 so that they could experience what it was like to pedal a bike
 while plummeting back to the Earth and experiencing one,
 what is it, one 16th or one 6th of the Earth's gravity?
 Yeah.
 Wait.
 So I think they thought that maybe they
 wouldn't have time to get the vehicles ready.
 And so they'd have to send bikes instead.
 Because if you were going into space and they said,
 I'm sorry, we haven't had time to rig up the stuff we
 meant to, do you mind bringing your bicycle?
 I would just say--
 I don't think I'm going to do this mission down the out.
 That's true.
 I don't think you guys have thought enough about this.
 Well, so imagine if they got there with Neil Armstrong
 and he just hits a rock and leaps off into it.
 We've lost Neil, he's--
 You know, you could run off the surface of this moon as well,
 if you wanted to.
 So you just have to reach a speed of about 12.5 miles an hour.
 So if we were all stuck there, that's kind of the maximum
 that a kind of fit person could sprint.
 So the fit ones could get off it.
 And then the really unfit ones would
 be stuck on the moon.
 Yeah, but neither is ideal.
 I mean, both of you are all going to die of solar radiation
 and exposure and--
 Yeah.
 It's not a dream world for anyone, no?
 Gravity is different places on Earth, which I didn't know.
 So this is about gravity being different in different places.
 So there's a place which has got the lowest gravity
 is just south of Sri Lanka in the Indian Ocean.
 But there is a fact that Peru's gravity is also extremely
 low, there's an area of Peru.
 And the Arctic's gravity, I think, is quite high.
 So if you fell from exactly 100 meters all over the Earth,
 they've done simulations on this.
 They have not tested it for real.
 If you would drop from 100 meters high all over the Earth,
 you would hit the surface in Peru 16 milliseconds later
 than in the Arctic, because the gravity is different.
 I mean, it's not much different, isn't it?
 A bit more of your life would flash before your eyes.
 Because there's a moon of Uranus called Miranda.
 And it has an 11 mile high cliff on it called Verona Rupees.
 And the peak is so high, and the gravity is so low
 that if you fell off it, you would fall for 12 minutes
 before hitting the ground.
 That's a lot of life flashing before your eyes, isn't it?
 There is an app you can get, which is called High Jump,
 which can tell you how high you would be able to jump
 on various different planets and moons of our solar system.
 What a vital app.
 Yeah.
 This is made by astronomers Stuart Lowe and Chris North.
 And so they tell you, for example, if you jumped on the moon,
 you could jump three meters, 10 feet off the ground.
 You'd be in the air for about four seconds.
 On Mars, it would be three feet for two seconds.
 But the sixth largest moon of Saturn,
 you could jump, if you did your average jump,
 you would go up 42.6 meters.
 And you would float back down and you would land
 with the same force that you did if you did the jump on Earth.
 So it wouldn't crush you.
 And it would take roughly a full minute to go up and down
 with that jump.
 Well, I think, to be honest, I think this moon, Dimas,
 is pretty much the exact perfect one
 if you want to jump as high as you possibly can.
 Because if the gravity was any less there,
 then you would just float away.
 But you can just about not.
 But do you know the story of how Mars's moons were discovered?
 No.
 So they were discovered by a guy called Asaf Hall,
 which is a very weird name.
 But this was in 1876.
 And he really thought that Mars probably
 had a couple of moons, which it does, or some moons.
 And so he had this telescope.
 And he wanted-- he was looking through this telescope,
 looking closer and closer to Mars.
 And so the thing about the Mars and moons
 is they're very close to the planet itself.
 And he got really close to this telescope.
 And the glare from Mars was getting too much.
 And he was like, no, there clearly aren't any moons there.
 And he went home away from his observatory.
 And he went home to his wife, who was a woman
 called Angeline Stickney.
 And he said, no moon can possibly exist here.
 The thing about Angeline, his wife,
 is that she had been his mass teacher at university.
 And she was very good at calculations like this.
 And while he'd been there looking for the moon,
 she'd done the calculations of how close a moon could be
 to Mars and said, no, I've worked it out.
 It's going to be closer than anyone thinks
 is possible.
 Go back and look again.
 And there was a thing then that women didn't really
 look through telescopes.
 Like men were around to operate telescopes.
 Women could do the calculation stuff.
 So he went back, because she said, I really think it's there.
 And then he found the two Martian moons.
 So she used to do his calculations.
 So she calculated the orbits of the moons around Mars
 and did lots of stuff for him.
 And then eventually said to him, do you mind?
 Because I'm doing a lot of this work.
 If you pay me the salary that I might get if I work for you.
 And he said, no.
 And so she stopped doing it for him.
 Wow.
 Amazing person, fair enough.
 And even before that, a Kepler said
 that there were two moons of Mars.
 He said, Earth had got one moon.
 And Jupiter had four moons.
 And so it just makes logical sense
 that the planet in between must have two.
 He was right.
 Well, he was right.
 Apart from the fact that Jupiter has a lot more than that,
 and the logic is completely spurious.
 Mind you, people were predicting it left right and center.
 So Jonathan Swift, in Gulliver's Travels in 1726--
 so 150 years before they were discovered--
 said, like-- so in Gulliver's Travels,
 if you've read it, the La Pusions--
 not to be confused with the La Pusions--
 the La Pusions said they discovered
 that Mars has two satellites.
 And then he described them.
 And he said, the inner one orbits within 10 hours.
 So it's orbit last 10 hours.
 The outer one's orbit is 21 hours.
 And actually, it's eight hours and 30.
 So pretty damn close.
 This is 150 years before they were discovered.
 He said, I reckon it's got two moons.
 That's pretty good.
 Yeah.
 So we're talking about Mars.
 And there's a prospect of going to Mars, possibly.
 So a bit.
 So I was looking at some of the problems of it.
 And the really interesting thing is that it
 would be a much longer mission than anyone
 has done in space before.
 You need to do about three years in space to get to Mars.
 So already being in space causes problems.
 So your skeleton is constantly adapted to gravity.
 And so without it, calcium gets into the bloodstream,
 which gives you kidney stones.
 And it also causes constipation and psychotic depression.
 So this medical students remember this
 as bones, stones, abdominal groans, and psychic moans.
 But there's another problem, which is being a microgravity.
 It moves where your brain is in your head.
 So microgravity makes astronauts brain squish
 upwards and squash at the top of their skulls.
 And what that does is that puts pressure
 on two particular lobes, the frontal and parietal lobes,
 which control movement and higher executive function,
 which is essential for planning things
 and remembering details.
 So you would end up not being able to do anything,
 or plan anything.
 And also those regions of the brain
 are associated with pro-social behavior.
 So they think that you'd end up making a lot of hurtful
 and inappropriate comments to other astronauts.
 But they all would be.
 Yeah.
 Here's a weird thing.
 I don't have the science behind this.
 They've worked out recently through tests
 that they've done with astronauts
 who've been up at the ISS recently.
 When you go up, let's say the three of you
 who don't wear glasses will Andy, you do.
 But you two don't.
 Your eyes, something happens to it
 where it means you might suddenly need glasses
 for close reading.
 Whereas my eyes, and Andy's eyes, he's wearing contacts,
 we suddenly will have better vision.
 And I'll be able to take my glasses off.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 Very weird.
 It's a thing that happens with the eyeball
 and the way something at the back to store it.
 So that would be another problem.
 Space truly is the home of real nerds.
 [LAUGHTER]
 OK, that is it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we have said over the course
 of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland.
 Andy.
 And you're on to him.
 James.
 James Harkin.
 And Shazinski.
 You can email podcastaqy.com.
 Yep, or you can go to our group account, which
 is @nosuchthing or you can go to our website.
 No such thing as a fish.com.
 We have everything up there from our tickets
 for upcoming tour dates.
 We have merchandise and all of our previous episodes.
 We'll be back again next week with another episode.
 We'll see you then.
 Good bye.
 [APPLAUSE]
 (upbeat music)
 (audience applauds)
