 And there are bits we cut out of this show, you know, you'll see.
 Yeah, who's the one?
 It actually gets edited first.
 But we should do something with the offcuts.
 High clubfish member Andy here, just to let you know,
 we are having a little summer break.
 So we're all having a lovely time.
 But there's something we wanted to share with you.
 And ordinarily, you'll be seeing an episode of drop us a line here.
 And you will still be, but it's occurred to us.
 There are lots of bits that have been cut out of drop us a line
 for reasons of space or time or legality.
 And we're going to be putting them together as a kind of summer bonus fun,
 holiday compilation for you.
 It's going to be out in two parts.
 This is the first one, which we're calling part one and and welcome.
 And I hope you enjoy it. Here we are club, clubfish, drop us a line,
 summer holiday compilation part one and the part two will be coming in a couple,
 I'll come to part two in a couple of weeks.
 Okay, enjoy.
 I hope you enjoy it.
 Hi, everybody.
 Andy, just a quick announcement in the middle of your drop us a line.
 What's going on?
 The announcement is this you may have already seen,
 but we are going to be doing our first ever live drop us a line.
 Very exciting.
 It's going to be at the London podcast festival on the 12th of September.
 Now, I mentioned this for two reasons.
 Firstly, it will be available to stream and catch up.
 Sorry, three reasons.
 Secondly, if you've got an email over the next couple of weeks,
 make sure it's extra funny.
 And thirdly, if you're going to be actually in the room with us on the 12th of September,
 then please mention this when you email podcast at qi.com.
 And there may be a way of getting you to read out your email,
 live and to be part of drop us a line.
 If that sounds at all nice to you, I think it sounds like great fun personally.
 So, you know, the email address podcast at qi.com.
 Tickets are available for the show.
 There are still some left at no such thing as a fish dot com slash live.
 I think I've said enough back to drop us a line by now.
 Jesse Nell has a fish first.
 Oh, great news action.
 Yes.
 I have listened to a fish while.
 Any guesses?
 I'm shooting so close.
 Oh, so close.
 I'll link to your death.
 He sends the email from the plummet.
 I'm always resented to it.
 Okay.
 Like Tyra Glidey word.
 That's a long email.
 Oh, paragliding is a good one.
 What do you have to do in order to parachute?
 What do you need to get on a plane?
 And wait a minute.
 I've listened to a show on the plane, not on a plane.
 Try it.
 Flying the plane.
 Flying a plane.
 So close.
 Wingwalking.
 No, that would be amazing.
 Please write in podcast at qi.com.
 Piloting the plane.
 What do you do at the end of flying a plane?
 Taking the bags off before you take the bags off.
 Oh, standing up as soon as it lands so that no one can get their bags.
 You're flying a plane.
 Applauding the pilot.
 You're flying the plane.
 Well, you're pilot on a plane.
 Hang on.
 So you're flying the plane.
 We're in the air.
 We're in the air.
 You've got to get the plane from the air to the ground.
 What do you do?
 You have to land a plane.
 Land the plane.
 And that's tough.
 Often is the pilot's job.
 Got it.
 OK.
 I think that's part of flying the plane.
 That is absolutely a part of flying the plane.
 No.
 You take the pilot who takes off does his job.
 Then he goes and has an app and the pilot who flies the plane does their job.
 That's a pilot who lands the plane.
 Does their job?
 Well, that's on giant internet.
 OK.
 So we're talking a an international Boeing flight here.
 Very small plane.
 OK.
 I think it's going to be the same guy.
 Oh, no.
 Shouldn't he be listening to the air control tower?
 Well, that's what I did ask.
 I said, is that safe?
 Certainly when I've been flying with my wife, for instance,
 she's always listening to the tower and getting permission to land and all that kind of stuff.
 Well, Jesse was flying with one other person.
 So maybe that was OK.
 But Jesse says the journey was as boring as hell.
 So I decided to break it up a bit.
 I did manage to land it, but thankfully there was almost no wind.
 So even with the podcast landing was a breeze.
 It's good.
 Yeah.
 Cool guy.
 Cool guy.
 That is very cool.
 So that's a fish first.
 OK.
 So we've got first baby.
 We've got first Brunei based row months.
 Yeah.
 We've got first cow insemination.
 Actually, we mentioned that in a newsletter.
 No cow.
 Remember, we got sent in a phone.
 Someone armed deep in a cow while listening to us.
 Yeah, send us selfie.
 We have a fish car crash.
 Someone flipped over in their car.
 Because they were laughing so hard and arrest.
 Someone would say that we have a fish car crash at the end of every episode.
 Drop us a light.
 I didn't get it.
 No, sorry.
 Don't worry.
 Here's another fish life.
 Yeah.
 Now we've got Jessica from Prince Edward Island.
 Yeah.
 How cool is that?
 That is cool off Canada.
 We did a whole section about it once.
 We did.
 What did we say?
 And of Green Gables is from there and they have a lot of potatoes.
 Yes, they do.
 Well, none of this is relevant to Jessica's email,
 that's where she's running from.
 It's cool.
 I've been listening to fish since summer 2021 when it was recommended to me
 by a staff member at an eye clinic that I was interning in in Nova Scotia.
 The ophthalmologist lived in a condo above his clinic.
 And one time as I was coming into work,
 I was trying to connect my iPhone to my air pods and instead accidentally
 connected to a Bluetooth speaker in his house.
 And it started playing a fact from a fish episode about a founding father
 who put a whale boat in his penis.
 Oh, wow.
 It played for about three minutes before I realized what had happened
 and neither he nor I ever acknowledged it.
 But the next time I looked at my Bluetooth settings, his Bluetooth speaker
 was password protected.
 Wow.
 There you go.
 But she's, that's a great way of making a better connection.
 Why would you not mention that?
 I guess if you're listening to the story about Goof and Morris
 putting a whale boat in his penis and then dying,
 it seems like you might be interested in weird podcasts.
 I mean, it's depends on the vibe you get from the person.
 Maybe you think they're quite cool.
 I think, um, should we encourage our listeners to go around looking
 for unsecured Bluetooth speakers and then just run them.
 We play in episodes.
 That's such a great way of getting new fans.
 That's very interesting.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 We can knock those off menu guys down a peg or two.
 Who?
 They're a British podcast.
 It's okay.
 Um, Mira Brown descends a fish love story based on your address, James.
 Well, you requested these, didn't you?
 You said I did meet cute, meet cute.
 Mira says I just thought you'd enjoy my dating mishap related to fish.
 Okay.
 I met a man on a dating app a few years ago and apparently hooked his
 interest by using one of James's golf facts.
 I think it was the fact about playing golf between two runways in Bangkok.
 Oh, yeah.
 Good fact.
 On our first date, I made what I thought was an obviously sarcastic
 joke about being a pro golfer.
 I've never golfed in my life.
 He missed the sarcasm and thought she was a pro golfer.
 He first took me to a mini golf course and only by cheating when he wasn't
 looking, did I manage to tie his score?
 Then a few days later, when I thought he'd forgotten, he booked us into a
 virtual golf range with real golf clubs and balls and other things I do
 nothing about.
 Well, two things.
 First of all, I think mini golf and maxi golf, those two skills are not
 necessarily compatible to each other.
 So you can get away with that on indoor simulators.
 If she's not averse to doing things when he isn't looking, you can go
 into the computer and you can make it so that your ball goes twice as far
 or goes straighter and stuff like that.
 So you can hack those.
 Just in case anyone listening has a similar problem.
 That's so good.
 I don't think she knew that because she said the jig was up.
 So yeah, what happened?
 Well, she said over the course of the night, the jig was up.
 My poor swing and constant stream of swearing at that stupid.
 The ball rumbled me in fairness.
 That sounds like a lot of very good golfers that I know.
 We did see each other for almost a year afterwards.
 But a last true love cannot be built on lies about golfing.
 I take full responsibility for this one.
 Maybe I blame James a little bit too.
 I take it.
 If only I've made a fact about something that's a bit easier to lie about.
 Yeah, all early dates have those little lies, right?
 Now, what?
 Bring it home, not me, but I still to this day.
 When I first went on dates with Finella, we were talking about music.
 We liked and I said, I love Elliott Smith.
 And she went, I love Elliott Smith.
 And who's that?
 He's just a brilliant musician, really like him.
 I still am not sure.
 So any time I put on Elliott Smith at home, she'll go, I love this guy out loud.
 And I'm still like, do you?
 Are you just hanging on to me?
 Are you just playing along?
 I still, it's red every time.
 It's quite sweet.
 What?
 Show it is sweet, actually, because you said, talked about a lie and a relationship.
 Yeah.
 And Dan talks about something in his relationship, which has been going on for many, many years,
 that you still don't trust your wife about.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Yeah, I think she's hiding something from me.
 You know, I'm hiding stuff from her.
 This one comes from Sandra van der Weg since I'm already being creepy.
 I've, I've, I've, I've got her.
 Sorry.
 Since I'm already being creepy, let me step up again and tell you I name my plants
 after my favorite podcasters.
 So I have some named after you and she's included some photos.
 In the first photo, you can see Anna.
 I have written her off a few times, but she's a fighter and has really become special in our family.
 Dan has just recently joined us.
 Oh, that's nice.
 Unfortunately, I cannot show you Andy as he caught some awful parasite.
 And my husband recently threw him in the dumpster.
 Email ends.
 Oh, okay.
 Sandra, there is a lot of James, you know, I was going to say a bit of a burn on you, Dan,
 because you're like, they did Anna and Andy quite early.
 Took them a while to get to Dan, but it seems like they only have three plants in this house.
 So Sandra, put your finger out, get, get, plant James.
 I don't mind. That's all right.
 Maybe they'll name their first barn after me.
 That'll be it.
 What she says, she references her daughter elsewhere in the emails.
 So I think in the creepy part.
 So there we go.
 Here's another one.
 Very nice.
 I want to react to which is a good start to emails.
 To Daniel's losses, this is a get yourself off the hook, which is a free hit.
 It's lovely.
 I love it when this happens to read this one full leg, all the others I can't write down.
 As we just have a few minutes of slas you added, coming, mate.
 Yeah, I want to react to Daniel's losses, characterization of Nicola Tesla as too noble to patent his work
 because Tesla believed the knowledge should be free.
 In fact, Tesla held more than 300 patents in various countries, including more than 100 in the US.
 Is it or is it true or not true?
 What Dan said, which is or what Daniel said, which is that he didn't do that.
 Start off with, but then once he got screwed over by Edison, then he started patents and things.
 Don't know.
 I don't know. Eric does point out that Edison Edison Thomas Edison's ethical practice was horrible.
 And it's easy to argue that Tesla was more honorable, but it's also probably true in many key moments.
 Tesla was outmaneuvered by more strategic or better finance contribution.
 So it's not a pure black and white thing.
 So fair enough.
 So rarely is no very good point.
 Yeah, Rafael Alvarez, frequent flyer on the show, I'd say, on the last little first, you guys mentioned that fish were changing sex due to
 estrogen from contraceptives.
 And apparently there's been a study by UC San Francisco, which found that very little
 estrogen in the water actually comes from birth control.
 It is not coming from a woman taking the pill.
 Oh, we've done that on QI.
 I really like this year.
 I would say, did I say that? I think it was an old little fish, like a fact we were
 dishing out to a friend of the podcast, but apparently it's mostly synthetic estrogen coming from factory farms.
 So then they, that gets given to livestock and then that gets into the water stream that way.
 So it's, it's mostly that it is a problem.
 But it's not coming from the pill monthly.
 Yes, how interesting fair play.
 Yeah, no, definitely that's a really good one.
 I think that's especially good because you do see that in the newspapers all the time that that's where it's coming from.
 Exactly. Yeah, it's not true.
 And some groups have been using it to argue against birth control or contraception being available to women.
 Because always that's the thing that's changing the 56 and actually it's the, it's the agricultural use.
 Fair play. Thomas Jackson reports something.
 I was listening to your latest episode and your guest Adam Chase.
 Yes, when you got to Adam mentioned forest fenn's treasure that was hidden in the Rocky Mountain in the USA.
 He said, this is Adam's fault though. He didn't know if it had yet been found, but it has been found.
 In fairness to Adam, he didn't know whether or not it had been found.
 No, you're right. So he was correct that he didn't know, but we've had a number of people who, who do know.
 Okay. So it has been found.
 It's been found by medical student named Jack Steuf who had found it earlier in Wyoming.
 And it was sold at auction for $1.3 million.
 An English economist named Tim Harford. Tim's a friend of ours. He's been able to show.
 Actually did a two-part podcast on the treasure hunt and that's cautionary tales, which is his podcast.
 Very good. Here's brilliant. So there you go.
 So just in case. That's a nice bit of extra information.
 Good to know. Don't if you're searching for forest fenn's treasure off the back of the podcast, we did stop.
 In that podcast, Dan told me who was in possession of the golden hair, which was another secret thing.
 And the fun thing is that Dan messaged me on WhatsApp who it was.
 And I checked the other day and you deleted the WhatsApp.
 You don't trust me. No, it was more that if someone got your phone because they now know that that message is on your phone.
 That would be the first thing that someone did if they got my phone.
 They'd be going through all my WhatsApp's looking for who ever had that.
 But you still remember it, I guess.
 Yes, I do.
 I've actually sent myself about 50 WhatsApp's with the name.
 There's an airplane that's in New Zealand where even in economy, you can buy like bunk beds.
 Really? So you can lie down instead of sitting down. Wow.
 And then there's only like eight of them on a plane, but they use about the same amount of space.
 Well, like a small plane, a small plane.
 Yeah, like a 747.
 Oh, well, that's kind of that's your definition of a small plane.
 Okay, maybe I don't know what 747 is like a Ryan air style.
 Okay, interesting.
 By total coincidence, I saw the other day.
 So you know, there's a no such thing as a fish reddit thread where it's yeah.
 So it's basically, yeah, listeners of the show, they can put their questions on there and so on and you read it.
 Well, I came across it the other day.
 That's the joke of the name reddit, isn't it?
 Yeah, yeah.
 There is a thread on it, which has 15 responses saying can't sleep without no such thing as a fish.
 Just me or anyone else.
 15 responses.
 The Royal Albot holds as good a soul.
 And yeah, it's everyone who does this responding, saying I've been doing it for over a decade.
 I've been doing it like we put people to sleep every night.
 Pretty fascinating.
 I think for us to do the let me find one.
 Someone said I want to go to sleep right now listening to you.
 I didn't plan this.
 I'm trying to find it.
 Here's one every night, bebe.
 How cool is that?
 We know what every night, baby, baby, yeah, okay.
 Well, babies do sleep a lot, don't they?
 Okay.
 Oh, what?
 I pay extra for a version where Dan doesn't shout about it being the end of the episode.
 Oh, he came for that.
 We don't offer that.
 I don't think you're getting someone to do the wow.
 Okay, is that someone in that?
 Yeah, I didn't know I shouted at the end.
 You don't shout at the end.
 Anyway, reddit's a shit.
 This isn't it.
 You end on a high.
 I end on a bar usually.
 Start with a high.
 Any more?
 Yes.
 Let's come now to Lily Bartlet's email.
 Lily has written in as someone who regularly uses the podcast to wind down
 by listening to a few episodes before bed.
 Don't understand that because you'd be laughing and feeling like crazy.
 I guess all of you are in dolphins out and then you crash.
 I exhausted uses have been drained.
 I've long been jealous of those having fish themed dreams.
 Because we've had a few of those things can only get wetter.
 Yes.
 Completely good and normal section name.
 That is until last night.
 Oh, she says she's jealous of those fish themed dreams.
 That is until last night when my fish dreams were answered.
 Dan had mentioned in an old drop of the line that scrabble legend Nigel Richards.
 He's handling his, yeah, but he learned he won the French one.
 He's multiple times one French gravel, but he doesn't speak a word of French.
 And I think he's done another language now, possibly.
 Okay.
 Well, in my dream, I was excited.
 I'd reached the finals of a large scrabble tournament.
 And my opponent was none other than Andy.
 Our scores were close throughout the game.
 We were coming down to the end of tiles and space on the board.
 I was excited as I had just pinched the lead until Andy pulled out a large tray.
 All right.
 Steady on.
 He putted on a triple word.
 Andy pulled out a large tray holding wood, hand saw and a wood burning engraver
 and started crafting his own tiles into the letters he wanted.
 That's not at a place.
 I turned to the adjudicator of the match to protest.
 And it was of course none other than James Arkin.
 James lead over a whispered and he really needs this for his confidence.
 And he really needs this for his confidence.
 And that he would donate proceeds to a charity warning others about the dangers of Mark Twain.
 Wow.
 Understandably, I listened to James and allowed a crafty Andy to win the match.
 Thank you, Lily.
 That's a lot of brain making references.
 From the cuts there, that's very interesting.
 There's a lot to take in there, I think.
 I think a lot of it's kind of, it's true, doesn't it?
 Really?
 I do have problems with my confidence.
 Absolutely.
 You cheat a lot.
 You cheat a lot.
 And I'm willing to turn a blind eye.
 Yeah.
 That's the one.
 I don't think I would turn a blind eye.
 That's the one.
 Yeah.
 There's a gravel competition at stake.
 I don't think you would.
 I think that's, yeah, it's not fair.
 Not fair on the others.
 Here's one from Louise Graham.
 Thought I would share this following the drop as a line episode.
 Do bears like listening to fish in which assumptions about Andy were discussed?
 I don't remember these assumptions.
 OK.
 But I had a dream that while listening to an episode of no such thing as a fish,
 Andy revealed he'd been in the British army and was sent to Argentina for one year,
 then to Herifager before being discharged because he was too radioactive.
 He would share no more about this because he felt this was enough personal information already.
 How interesting.
 And is any of this true?
 Well, why can't I say I've had my hair cut.
 Would I have my hair cut if I wasn't joining the British army?
 Have you ever been to Herifager?
 Yes.
 Sorry, checks out so far.
 OK.
 That's the only bit I was doubting.
 I wouldn't lie to you.
 I mean, like, down all the finishes and saying anecdote, mine is I beat the Herifager.
 Eric Williamson has a couple of brilliant show formats of lessons for the thanks,
 but no thanks, pile.
 Number one, no such thing as a boring fish.
 There have been a few mentions on the podcast of folks listening to fish to get to sleep.
 Yeah, however, I'm banned from listening to fish in bed.
 So this isn't possible for me.
 The issue is that I can't control my laughter when listening to fish.
 And this drives my wife crazy.
 So what about a show format composed of all the boring parts and jokes that didn't land?
 Maybe insist first with monotonous discussions of the weather, tied tables, etc.
 So there is no risk of me laughing.
 That's all right. That's the episodes when I'm on holiday to listen to those ones.
 Yeah, I've been trying to make it Eric.
 I've been trying to get tied tables into the show.
 I like it.
 I like that as an idea.
 A one-off episode where we be as dull as possible.
 It'd probably be our most successful episode because people do like to sleep to us.
 Yeah, you're right.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Well, that's one idea.
 Yeah.
 Thanks, but no thanks, Eric.
 Joe Chiapa.
 Right.
 It's a longtime fish listener, but a new member to club fish.
 Welcome.
 I'm listening back through all the dropper's line episodes as they are far and away my favorite part.
 And I've heard you asking how multiple livestock farm animals are inseminated and haven't heard you get a conclusive answer yet.
 I don't remember us asking this.
 That determinately.
 I've got to say a dream and create.
 I very briefly worked on a pig farm
 and found myself having to inseminate pigs on my third day.
 So I will, I will try to briefly explain the process.
 A bag of ball semen kept in the fridge in the t-shed along with all of our lunches.
 Oh, no, just pop it on a lower shelf.
 That's fine.
 Is attached to a very long pipette at the end of which is inserted into the lady pig.
 And you hold the bag up for the length of the process.
 So the gravity does its job.
 I thought that a poor sign vagina was excruciated.
 Good point.
 I thought you'd have to put the tube in like you were opening a wine bottle or something.
 Joe doesn't say, but that might have been the sort of thing you'd learn on day four.
 Anyway, I'm just saying as well.
 It feels like it's a job that requires training.
 And I don't think putting the new guy on is as skilled as Joe probably is.
 It just feels like you don't put the guy unless it's a joke.
 It's like sending someone off for tart and paint or something.
 Well, he says I very briefly worked on the pig farm.
 So we don't know why Joe's employment and came to an end.
 Anyway, this is the really interesting bit to help the process along.
 There's a ball in the next enclosure.
 Okay.
 To give her contact and the work of doing the job may rub her back and rock her gently from side to side.
 But the reason why there's a ball there and why still humans are doing it is because...
 Balls are not very good at it.
 I think it's to make absolutely sure that it works.
 They spell sometimes, I think.
 Right, okay, crumbs.
 And Joe, I did get in trouble on my first day.
 This might be a clue as to why it all came tumbling down for eating a salami sandwich at lunch time.
 As apparently you can't eat pork on a pig farm.
 Why?
 But why?
 That's really funny.
 Why not?
 Because they can smell it.
 Nope.
 It's just disrespectful to the pigs.
 No.
 Wouldn't it be nice if that was the reason?
 Can it respect for the pigs?
 Yeah.
 It's not that I'm afraid.
 Competitors clause.
 It's not a competitive clause.
 Is it that it could theoretically have some porcine disease?
 Ding, ding, ding.
 Give that man a pepperoni.
 There is a porcine version of...
 I think it's a porcine version of...
 It's definitely a sexually transmitted disease that pigs get called purve.
 P-E-R-V.
 Someone's had a bit of fun with a quite dry scientific job, haven't they?
 It's like a porcine retrovirus or something.
 Wow.
 Well, some pig-borne diseases can survive up to 100 days in pork products.
 I know.
 That's useful to know.
 Very useful to know.
 Next time you're having your pig and shrimp combo.
 Yum, yum.
 Next time you're putting a salami up your bum.
 Can I give it...
 Oh, we were going to save this, but can I say it anyway?
 From Paul Johnson.
 Yeah, that's a good point.
 I'll give you no information.
 Paul Johnson writes, "Bit late to the party, put a new club fish member
 and working through the backlog.
 Listening to the drop of the line from Jan 2025,
 where you discussed cows easily jumping a 1.5 meter high fence."
 Oh, yeah.
 "I cannot firsthand confirm nor deny this a shocking ability,
 but I can report witnessing a fairly small red Devon heifer
 easily jumping a 2.6 meter wide cattle grid
 and absolutely sticking the landing."
 Okay, but then that's length as opposed to height.
 Yes.
 So he says, while this doesn't directly confirm a cow's vertical jumping ability,
 I think this would add credence to the potential for a cow to jump vertically
 up to 1.5 meters.
 It's a bit of bonus data there.
 Yeah, that's great.
 So the last 2.6 meters is a long, especially because cows are long, right?
 Rather than high.
 You can set off jumping with your back legs and land with your front legs.
 So actually, the longer you are, the slightly easier is to jump, that kind of thing.
 But I'm thinking of a long jump where like, yeah, I see what you mean.
 Like the back, as long as the back legs get across the gap you need to.
 Because you're so long, isn't it?
 A disadvantage in long jump, if you're like long front to back?
 No.
 If you have a longer stride, for instance, which I'm saying is the distance
 between the front legs and the back legs.
 If you've got longer strides, you can do better long jump.
 But if there were people who were like really long front to back like big nose,
 big sticky out bottom or tailbone or whatever.
 Well, it's the back that matters because the front, the front only matters in a race.
 If my big nose goes over the line before your head, then I win the race right.
 But in long jump, if your big ass lands further, that's bad.
 I lose.
 Yeah, you want to be top heavy and just a literal straight line.
 The back.
 But do you see what I mean about jumping over a cattle grid?
 Yeah.
 You can run and then use your back legs to take off.
 And then when your front legs hit the other end, they can pull you along.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 I do.
 I do see that.
 I do.
 Yeah.
 But cows can't do a commander role though, like in the way that we can.
 No, but they can they can get grip on the ground and pull themselves forward.
 And pull forward.
 But they're not deep with these grids.
 Like they're not.
 You don't, you're very ready to count like down in the grid.
 Pull yourself up.
 We'll be cool.
 Another cow on the other red.
 Hold it in with one leg.
 Don't worry.
 I got you.
 A little miscellaneous question here about the theme tune for Little Fish.
 Oh, okay.
 I'll be from Melbourne writes.
 I have noticed that the Little Fish theme tune seems to be a pitched down version of the main theme tune.
 Is this designed to signify that you are bringing the tone down with the new bonkers?
 Or simply a coincidence?
 I am not aware of it.
 We have, I have checked with tech team.
 Oh, yeah.
 The pitch has not been altered.
 There was once upon a time on the Discord a huge discussion and a lot of experiments about our theme tune generally.
 And whether or not the same one has been used from the get go or not.
 And people did a lot of analysis on it.
 Right.
 I think it just depends on whichever file is in the folder that's opened on the day.
 And this clearly was a different one.
 Yeah, because we have a few files with that song on it.
 I got a few on my laptop, which I used it.
 I don't do that anymore, but I used to put the theme tune on.
 Okay.
 It's possible you've heard a slight.
 So we're saying it's possible.
 We haven't pitched it down though.
 But presumably they've put it next to each other and they know that it's been pitched down.
 Just as I have noticed, it might be completely.
 Maybe they were traveling really fast.
 Oh, yeah.
 And the Doppler effect was made it sound like it's.
 Should listen to little fish that fast.
 Yeah.
 Are you suggesting that if you dropped your phone into a canyon as you were listening to it.
 As it went away from you, it will be pitched down.
 Yeah.
 Like the siren of a police car changes as the police car goes past you.
 Hmm.
 If you listen while bungee jumping, but you make sure to leave your phone at the top.
 That'll probably be the same effect, right?
 I reckon.
 Yeah.
 But it might not be the pitch.
 So don't write it if I've mistaken the pitch for something absolutely.
 Absolutely do not do that.
 No way.
 That would be a dull correction.
 And we're not interested in those.
 We're interested in the solid goal that we get.
 We can we count.
 All right.
 Podcast at qi.com.
 Here's one.
 Mike Smith.
 This is old, old, old fish.
 Okay.
 Deep ancient fish archive stuff.
 Let's do it.
 Mike Smith says, re-listening through the catalog.
 Now that I've changed from Apple podcasts to Patreon to get to be a friend of the podcast.
 I didn't actually mean to make this an advert bit.
 Sorry.
 You're advertising to the wrong people.
 Yeah.
 I was on episode five.
 No such thing as a kiss.
 And James stated his favourite fact about a pope.
 The Pope Sixth is the fourth granted a special dispensation.
 Do you remember this James?
 It's a cardinal of Santa Lucia to cool himself in the warmest month with sodomy.
 Yes.
 I do remember that.
 Yeah.
 I just had to look this up.
 Mike writes and found this line in Wikipedia about Pope Sixth.
 It's a bit long, but basically the source for this in Fessura had partisan allegiances to the column.
 And it's so is not considered to be always reliable or impartial.
 So Mike writes, is James's assertion in doubt? Is this just Protestant propaganda?
 There's a Catholic historian did issue a firm rebuttal to this.
 Rebuttal.
 A firm rebuttal.
 A firm rebuttal.
 A firm rebuttal.
 A firm rebuttal.
 Yes.
 I don't recall exactly mate because that was 11 years ago.
 I don't tell you what's coming up in the show either.
 I don't give you that.
 No, we can't remember what my source was for that.
 Yeah, they were.
 I think that that's else.
 It's a different time.
 It's a different time.
 Sarah Cannell writes last week on the podcast, you had discussion about the game show Jeopardy.
 And on tonight's podcast, presumably in retaliation, Jeopardy had the following clue.
 Oh, cool.
 You ready?
 Yeah.
 Sir Everard Digby pleaded guilty in this explosive 1605 plot.
 So he got to make a speech about Catholic rights.
 Amazing.
 Oh, buzz him when you know.
 Yep.
 The, um, how many phrase it?
 Gump out of the plot.
 Bit this guy's question.
 What is the Gump out?
 No, sorry.
 You're locked out.
 So who was accused of being part of the Gump out of?
 You got it wrong too.
 But I can't remember it.
 You made it.
 What is the Gump out of?
 The answer I'm looking for is what is the Gump out of plot?
 What was the answer?
 So Everard Digby pleaded guilty in this explosive 1605 plot.
 That's what we're looking for.
 And then you say what is the Gump out of plots?
 I'm amazed.
 The question about a quiz show, which you love quizzes.
 We've both covered it.
 We've covered it on the show.
 It's about a friend of the podcast.
 Yep.
 And we talked about the question format.
 And you both got it wrong.
 For shame.
 In my defense.
 I'd been playing the pointless game.
 Yeah.
 Where they said name one of the Gump out of plotters.
 And tried Everard Digby.
 And that wasn't a pointless answer.
 And so I'd given up on that.
 Right.
 That was a reference to a previous episode.
 Yeah.
 Doesn't explain why you answered the Gump out of plot though.
 Well, there we go.
 We've been on jeopardy.
 But sort of a thing that we've covered.
 That's a real stretch.
 I should think many, many hundreds of things that we've covered have been on jeopardy.
 Yeah.
 We have been on anything though.
 How many we've been on?
 I think we've been on.
 Yeah.
 We've been to one, maybe.
 Fish was an answer to something.
 I'm pretty sure.
 We're on the chase one.
 I think maybe one.
 Maybe.
 Two.
 These dweep.
 Don't know how to phrase a question from jeopardy.
 This tiresome podcast.
 It's outstate it's welcome by nine and a half years.
 No, it's just a fish.
 No.
 What is no such thing as a fish?
 I think.
 Well, you and I and the with Ann Miller were an answer on the only connects.
 Oh, there you go.
 As in we were one of the images.
 Oh, right.
 Yeah.
 I think they had to get permission from us to use it.
 I think it might.
 Well, I think you might have been blurred out.
 Which of the following is not a section on no such thing as the fish is droppers alive?
 Spurm sandwich.
 Siemens squabbles.
 Row, row, row your boat.
 I'm going to phone a friend.
 I'm going to film my friend James Harkin who's on that podcast.
 Hi.
 Yeah.
 I don't know.
 I don't listen to him.
 He just goes on about it.
 I just try to do my best with the crap that I've given.
 Hello.
 Well, it feels like we've all got a lot of our chests.
 Yeah.
 Oh, dear.
 That's it for this week's droppers of line.
 Thank you so much for listening or watching.
 If you've enjoyed it, why not contribute?
 You lazy so-and-so's?
 No, not that.
 That's fine.
 That's it for this week's droppers of line.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 We really enjoyed it.
 And if you'd like to send us an email, the address is podcast@goy.com, which I've mentioned
 several thousand times now in which really you shouldn't know it off my heart by now.
 But that's it.
 Thank you so much again.
 We'll see you next time.
 Bye.
 That's it.
 That's it.
 That's it.
 That's it for this week's droppers of line.
 [Music]
