 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish Presents, The World Cup
 of Facts.
 This is the only World Cup podcast out there that makes absolutely no mention of football
 whatsoever.
 Brought to you by the QI elves and association with Visitingland.com.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I'm sitting here with James Harkin, Anichesinski, and Andy Murray, and today's match is Germany
 versus Portugal.
 Okay.
 I have some general words to kick off.
 Okay.
 It's a truchne ball verfa, which is someone who uses gloves to throw its nobles.
 Why would you need to use that word?
 It's like a weed, basically.
 Another word for weed is a voundusher, which is someone who has warm showers as opposed
 to icy cold showers in a Bavarian waterfall or something.
 Right.
 That's hot.
 That's really good.
 Yeah.
 Do you know the word "Shatting Parker"?
 No.
 It's someone who parks a card in the shade.
 The Germans occasionally take English words into their language and they have an Anglicism
 of the Year competition.
 A couple of years ago, the best English words going to German was "Shit Storm" and last year,
 it was "Gate."
 "Gate?"
 Wow.
 As in "Watergate" or "Wall."
 I think it means "Gate."
 I think it means "Gate."
 Yeah, yeah.
 That's brilliant.
 We're taking in new words from different countries, they're actually eliminating words as
 well, one specifically, which is the longest word in the German language and a regional
 parliament has officially eliminated it.
 What is that word?
 I can't wait to hear you say it.
 It is.
 And that goes the rest of the podcast.
 I think we must put out something about meat.
 Yeah, it is.
 It's pertaining to the testing and labeling of beef.
 Nice.
 But it's gone now.
 It's out.
 They're done.
 But what about all the times you need to use the word that means pertaining to the testing
 and labeling of beef in everyday conversation?
 Well, what happened was that it was a law because of the BSE crisis, and so they didn't want
 the English beef to go in there.
 So they came up with this word that will explain about the testing of it, and then they repealed
 that law so they don't need it anymore.
 That's definitely a way to guarantee that BSE returns.
 It's saying, "Well, thank God that's all over.
 We don't need that word anymore."
 Let's give her the word Ebola, as well, it's asking for trouble.
 I'm moving a bit away from language.
 In 2008, I really like this, the German poet Friedrich Schiller, I was sent to reminders
 that he should pay his TV and radio license fee, which is fine, except that he's been dead
 for 200 years.
 Wow.
 Just about to say that.
 I wasn't really a TV watcher.
 Was Schiller the one who kept rotten fruit in his desk to help him write?
 Wow.
 That's cool.
 Why?
 What, eating it helped him write?
 No, it was a smell of it, I think.
 Or if he didn't write any, he had to eat some of the rotten fruit.
 It might not be Schiller.
 I'm not sure.
 That's a great fact of so, yeah.
 Germany meant to the Cuckoo Clock.
 Would you have always thought that was in Switzerland?
 Yeah.
 Yeah, the first Cuckoo clocks throughout the 17th century, all of the mentions of them were
 in Germany.
 That's a famous quote in a movie that all that Switzerland did was invented the Cuckoo
 Clock.
 That's what it is in the third man.
 The third man's wheel.
 And they don't even do that?
 Didn't even do that.
 What have you done, Switzerland?
 We'll find out if you're in the World Cup, are you?
 Best they are.
 Yes, they are.
 Should we have done a lot of other great stuff, we'll get to you.
 What I like about Germany is how they like to get naked.
 Yes, they do.
 They're real natureists, aren't they?
 Even right in the centre of Berlin and Munich, you'll find, yeah, nudists.
 I think it was the tear garden in Berlin.
 Well, one of the leaders of the naked culture movements in the 1920s was called Adolf
 Cuck.
 And he hadn't changed his name as a publicity, as a PR thing.
 It sounds like I made that up, didn't it?
 Yeah.
 No, no, he was called Adolf Cuck.
 He's a film and he's a determinism, it comes back and back.
 How would you guys tell the difference between East and West Berlin from space?
 I would, because the most he's still here, the area will be East.
 Because of...
 Oh, we smart.
 What if you're disoriented in space and you need to like orient yourself?
 So Chris Houdfield took a picture from space and...
 Chris Houdfield being the former captain of the International Space Station.
 Indeed, so he's on the International Space Station and he took a picture.
 And in East Berlin, it's yellow.
 It's got a yellow hue and in West Berlin, it's got a white hue.
 Wow.
 When it was...
 Back when it was separated from West Berlin, then they could only afford sodium.
 It was more budget-friendly to have these sodium lights and they could be yellow line.
 So it was really cool.
 That is a good fact.
 Yeah, it is quite cool if you look at the picture.
 Yeah.
 If I'm ever disoriented in space and can only see Berlin.
 (Laughter)
 Well, it's a foggy day in the rest of the world.
 It's a foggy day in the rest of the world.
 The reason you need to know which East.
 It's going to come in handy, I'm telling you, you'll thank me one day.
 Yeah.
 Remember the thing that they did when they had hyperinflation in Germany in the 1920s?
 Money wheelbarrows, that kind of thing.
 Yeah, the amount that money was going up and they had like 10 million mark notes and things like this.
 And it caused a problem called zero stroke and people would...
 Because they were seeing so many zeros and all that money and when they were paying bills,
 it was trillions and trillions of pounds.
 They became really confused when they were referring to numbers.
 And so people would say that they were 10 billion years old
 on the head 40 trillion children.
 That's great.
 That's very funny.
 I think it was started by Birthday Cundle and many fighters.
 (Laughter)
 Okay, that's the halftime whistle there, Germany putting in a stellar performance.
 And now it's time for our halftime show,
 which comes in the form of a quiz brought to you by VisitingLin.com.
 So we're going to start with James for the first question of this QI quiz.
 Okay, my question is, what could you not do in Frinton on C until the year 2000?
 Frinton on C.
 All right, Andy.
 My question is, which Disney character is buried in Graves and in Kent?
 What?
 Will it be Ariel? Will it be the Genie?
 Will it be Mickey Mouse?
 No guessing, no guessing.
 Is it one of Monsters Inc?
 No.
 (Laughter)
 Is it Simba?
 Ah, is it Boba Fett?
 Is it Lassie?
 No guessing, I'll tell you at the end.
 Okay, I reckon I know who it is.
 What? Do you know it, Dan?
 I think I got it.
 Yeah, you busted, mate.
 Okay, question number three, Anna.
 Why did the first Oxford University students not study the Aztec Empire?
 Dan's looking like you might know that one as well.
 Is it blue?
 (Laughter)
 Okay, well, if you want to find out the answers to these quiz questions,
 I certainly know that I do.
 The Disney character, I think I know it.
 Stay tuned to the end of the episode where we're going to reveal the answers,
 but now it's back to the match.
 Second half, Portugal.
 So what have we got, Portugal?
 Well, Portugal, biggest country in the world, pretty much in the 16th century.
 They owned so much of the planet.
 Wow.
 They would like the USA of the day.
 Wow.
 Who's like Brazil?
 Yeah, well, they had bits they had placed in Africa and placed in Asia
 and also in Brazil as well.
 And they were just an absolute world superpower.
 And they invented a lot of the food which we think of as being
 from that part of the world as not.
 So, for example, you think tempura is Japanese.
 It's Portuguese.
 It's Portuguese.
 Yes, yeah.
 Portuguese missionaries took it there in the 16th century,
 and then, you know, everyone now thinks it's a Japanese invention.
 Also, fin de lue is Portuguese.
 Is it?
 Yeah.
 Construing the Portuguese, dish, carne, davenia, da loss,
 which is a dish of meat usually parked with wine and garlic.
 So was that, that was in the 16th century that it was the biggest country in the world?
 Yeah, I would say so.
 I've got a football fact which I, yeah, I know, I know.
 I think it's quite interesting.
 The Portuguese team this year for the World Cup have six bodyguards
 for them, for now.
 Oh, really?
 Yeah.
 The two are for the rest.
 And the other two are just reserves.
 In the last couple of days, they've called him the most remarkable footballer in the world.
 Above Beckham.
 Yeah.
 Well, Beckham doesn't play in the world.
 Otherwise, this is not the football podcast please.
 Oh, sorry.
 Yeah, sorry.
 Sorry.
 Andy, why don't you bring us back to something non-foborrelated?
 Okay.
 In 1974, Portugal's entry to the Eurovision Song Contest was used as the signal to start a revolution.
 Wow.
 Which is probably the most significant Eurovision Song of all time.
 The song was called a de poido adios.
 And it was used as the signal to start the carnation revolution.
 It was basically, let's go.
 Let's start fighting.
 Yeah.
 It's bizarre between 1910 and 1926.
 Portugal had 44 governments, 20 military takeovers and 12 presidents.
 I read a thing about a Christmas tradition of theirs.
 And it's not only done in Portugal, it's a few other places.
 During Christmas time, they like to build a model village of Bethlehem.
 Like a Nativity scene.
 I'm Nativity scene.
 So they have a model village, basically, of the Nativity scene.
 But there's an extra character who joins in into this scene.
 So you have Mary Joseph, baby Jesus, and a guy who's called a Kaganah,
 which roughly translates in English as shitter.
 And the shitter is a little figurine that it's traditionally a man that's placed into this scene.
 And he's in the act of defecating, his pants around his knees.
 He's bending over with a pile of feces at his heels.
 And he's usually placed in the corner, probably because he needs privacy.
 But if anyone wants to Google this, why is he there?
 I'm not sure.
 They do that in the bass country as well, I think, and in Spain.
 And in Spain.
 And then sometimes they will get a famous person's face for the little boys.
 So they might have David Beckham or Cristiano Ronaldo or something like that.
 What for, baby Jesus?
 What would be terrible for the Kaganah?
 And terrifying as well.
 If it was Ronaldo, they would have four bodyguards around him.
 What do you think the wise men are allowed to approach?
 Three henchmen.
 Just very quickly, because you're saying they do this in Spain as well.
 One way of getting into Spain from Portugal is by a zip line.
 It's the only country in the world where you can cross the border via the zip line.
 It takes less than a minute to travel the whole thing.
 It's 20.
 Is that including the stop for your passport check along the way?
 There's another guy on the zip line next to you who's checking your passport as you go.
 And it's, yeah, it's 2,300 feet long.
 You zip line into a new country.
 That is fantastic.
 Does anyone want to include anything else?
 The film "Forgetting Sarah Marshall" in Portugal was renamed a nice pair of dot, dot, dot roll escapes.
 I don't know why I haven't seen the film.
 That is the worst name for a film I have ever heard.
 Or the worst euphemism rests I've ever heard.
 I have one more tiny nugget back to that sample.
 The most important Portuguese export is Cork. It accounts for its exports account for 70% of the world's Cork.
 And Cork sales represents 16% of its trade income.
 Which is a lot.
 Wow, yeah.
 Florian, because of all the synthetic corks.
 I know. They're really in trouble.
 Okay, that's it. That's full time. That's the end of our match.
 But before we find out who has won today's bout, we're going to get the answers to our visitingland.com.
 QI quiz questions that we're at the halftime match. So we're going to start with James.
 Okay, the thing that you couldn't do in Frinton on C until the year 2000 was visit a pub.
 The charter explicitly forbade the opening of pubs in Frinton because they didn't want to attract the wrong sort of resident.
 Okay, question number two, Andy.
 Do you want to have a guess?
 Yeah, I do.
 Have a guess.
 But can you repeat the question for us?
 It's which Disney character is buried in Gravesend in Kent.
 Okay, so I have two options that I want to throw up. Go on.
 The first one is John Smith. No, the second one is Pocahontas.
 Yes, it's Pocahontas.
 Is it Pocahontas?
 Yeah, because she came back, didn't she?
 They ended the movie as if she just stuck out there waving goodbye.
 I know.
 No, she went back.
 No, someone obviously hasn't seen Pocahontas 2 where she comes back and marries the man who she actually did marry rather than John Smith.
 That's true. She didn't end up with John Smith.
 Yeah, but it's all in Pocahontas 2. Watch the sequence.
 I didn't even know there was Pocahontas 2.
 Pocahontas 3 is a bit dull. It's just her rotting in the ground.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 Question number 3, and that is Anna Chazinski.
 Yeah, the reason that the first Oxford University students didn't study the Aztec Empire was because the Aztec Empire wouldn't exist for more than another 300 years.
 That is a great fact.
 Okay, well, there we go. Those are our three answers.
 If you were playing but thought damn it, that would have been good if there was a prize. I got some of those right.
 Why don't you head over to Visitingland.com where there is an actual prize that you can win.
 QI goodies, signed books by the elves and so on, and yeah, have a bash. You might win something.
 Anyway, we're going to find out who the winner now of our match today was, and that was Germany versus Portugal,
 and we're going to go to James to make the decision.
 Okay, I am going to vote with my stomach and go with Portugal because of their Vindaloo and Tempora.
 Okay, so that's it for this match. I hope you enjoyed it.
 We're going to be back again tomorrow with another brilliant bout between two nations, and they are James.
 They will be Belgium and Algeria. Belgium and Algeria.
 Nice. Okay, if you want to ask us anything about the things that we were talking about in this podcast,
 maybe dispute James's stomach, you can get us on our Twitter handles. I'm on @Streiberland. James.
 @Xshaped. Andy. @I'm Drew Hunter M. Adder.
 You can get me on @Quickipedia.
 @Quickipedia. Okay. And we'll see you again tomorrow for the next match. Good bye.
 next match, goodbye.
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
