 Hello and welcome to another episode of "No Such Thing as a Fish" a weekly podcast
 coming to you from the QI offices in Covenant Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber and I am sitting here with Anna Gisinski, James Harkin and Alex
 Bell and once again we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite
 facts from the last seven days and in no particular order here we go.
 Starting with my fact this week, my fact is that a message in a bottle that was thrown
 off the Titanic as it was sinking was found one year later washed up on a shore in Ireland
 only a few miles from the home of the man who threw it.
 It's pretty extraordinary so this could be that he just dropped it on his way to the Titanic.
 So this was a 19 year old, he was called Jeremiah Burke, he was from Glenmeyer County
 Cork in Ireland and the way that they were able to verify the bottle because there's been
 a lot of forgery bottles that were claimed to be so people trying to make money.
 This bottle was a bottle of holy water that his mother had given to him a sort of good
 luck thing and he used one of his own shoelaces to tie it up as he threw the letter and the
 bottle overboard saying this didn't fucking work, mum, they've sent me a better good luck
 charm next time.
 Yeah so the message has a date on it, it's slightly unclear so it could be the 10th, 12th, 13th.
 We know that it's sunk on the morning of the 15th but so I don't know why he would have...
 Yeah, that doesn't make sense.
 It's very odd.
 I think at the best of times I don't necessarily know what data is straight away.
 I think as you're going down with a Titanic, maybe you're going...
 What date is it guys?
 What date is it?
 Oh yeah.
 The person next to you is clean of dear life.
 Sorry, do you know what date is it?
 Is it Monday?
 But yeah, so this bottle washed up and I've looked at it on Google Maps.
 It is literally just a couple of miles separate where the area of where they lived right to
 this shore and it was found by a coachman who found it and I didn't get to the bottom of
 this bit of the story but presumably knew the area, knew the people in the area and thought
 "Ah, this guy, you know, he's said "Burk of Glenmare Cork, I know this family, I know the
 burks.
 I'm going to see if this is him."
 And so delivered it to the mother who a year later received this bottle.
 You could argue that it was a hoax at the same time.
 It's only been reported in the last few years properly again since it happened because
 they've been lending it to a museum so they didn't sell it, didn't go through auctions,
 it's been a family heirloom since.
 Yeah, I suppose the natural currents would take it there anyway, wouldn't it?
 I suppose so.
 Yeah, kind of the obvious place for it to end up.
 So where did the Titanic launch from Liverpool, was it?
 It went from Southampton, then I think it went to France and then it went to Ireland and
 its last stop off was in Ireland, I think.
 Was it?
 I didn't know that, all right.
 But yeah, it was such a weird coincidence but it's so weird how many messages and bottles
 or maybe it's not weird how many messages and bottles do get tossed overboard and found
 and there are so many great stories.
 So another really good message in bottle coincidence that I liked is that in April 2012, UK fisherman
 called Andrew Leeper was fishing near Shetland and he found a message in a bottle and it was
 a note that had been dropped at sea in 1890 and it was one of those that wanted to investigate
 ocean currents so oceanographers were always doing this to investigate where the messages
 ended up to see what the ocean currents were like.
 Anyway, Andrew Leeper found this message in a bottle in 2012 and so it was and it was
 really nice because that meant it was the 315th to be put in that log started in 1890.
 So 315 of those messages had been retrieved.
 And it's still going, the log is still, I think.
 It's still keeping log going.
 Oh my god.
 Some incredibly border searchers still sitting there, having this town.
 Yeah, desperately waiting.
 Every 40 years.
 But what I liked about this guy was that he then broke the record for that's the longest
 weight anyone's ever had to read a message in a bottle and the previous record holder had
 been his mate Mark Anderson who'd broken it in 2006 in the same boat.
 So what?
 How weird is that?
 So he's friends with him and he did like Leeper didn't interview with the papers when he
 then broke his friend's record and he said, my friend Anderson is very unhappy that I've
 topped his record as Anderson never stopped bloody talking about it.
 And if anything screams hoax, I'm not suspicious of that one.
 In 1954 I was just looking up other bottles that have been chucked in rather than found.
 Guinness decided to do an advertising promotion.
 And they threw 50,000 bottles into the ocean with messages in Guinness bottles, which I find
 unbelievable.
 So it's known as being Guinness's longest advertising campaign yet because they're still turning
 up.
 But I can't believe that would never be allowed today.
 I'm jumping 50,000 bottles in the ocean.
 It's illegal in a lot of places, yeah, well, it definitely is.
 So you'll get fined in Canada for $5,000 if you throw a bottle into the water.
 We found this out because it was a story this year of a guy called Harold Hackett from Prince
 Edward Island.
 And he's throwing an estimated 10,000 messages into the ocean since he started.
 And he said he has to retire because he doesn't want to get arrested.
 Well, no, arrest it, but find.
 Yeah, yeah.
 I don't know.
 If that's all his life meant to him, throwing messages in bottles into the ocean.
 I have a limited sympathy with someone like it was my life dream to pollute the ocean.
 I can't believe that the government is moving.
 In the 16th century, it was also illegal to open a bottle if you found it.
 Yeah, I never found evidence of that.
 I think that's it.
 Yeah.
 Is this the whole Queen Victoria having a Queen Elizabeth?
 I'm sorry, Queen Elizabeth having an uncorker of messages.
 I think she did have that because it's mentioned in a Victor Hugo novel.
 I think that was the first mention and that was like two, a hundred years later.
 Oh, okay.
 No, she can't have had an uncorker.
 But it's not, that's not at least a modern invention, is it?
 No.
 I think I think fate needs to exist, even if Victor Hugo is penning it.
 That's true.
 In his novel.
 Yeah.
 In his vicious novel.
 I don't know how many Victor Hugo novels you've read, but there is a lot of extremely
 boring technical, true stuff there.
 I really, yeah.
 Naturally, you'll get like three chapters of the sewage systems of Paris, and so on like.
 Oh, okay.
 Oh, no.
 James's resentment comes out about the fact that he's been reading the same Victor Hugo novel
 for a year.
 Which is genuinely true, right?
 How is it going?
 If anyone here remembers was talking about Victor Hugo, it was probably about six months
 ago.
 Yeah, that was on our 2018 tour at like, and I'm still reading "Lay Viserato".
 Yeah.
 With the latest sort of modern instance that I read of this uncorker, comes down to
 a 1978 book called "The 12 Million Dollar Note" by Robert Crask in it.
 There's true stories, and then there are also hoax stories.
 And the thought is, is that this was in the book as a hoax story, but it got mixed up in
 all the reviews and so on when people were talking about this.
 It's a true story, and then this is a hoax, and that's why it's spread.
 So the idea just to explain that she had an official uncorker of bottles because Queen Elizabeth
 first didn't want anyone else uncorking bottles that contained secret information.
 Yeah.
 It was found, wasn't it, that was thrown from a Navy ship, supposedly, that had military
 details that were very classified.
 As if anyone was throwing bottles over, they would often be people who were in the Navy
 or doing official work for the government, right, checking out currents and stuff like that.
 So they didn't want just anyone to be able to read them.
 And I don't know.
 I know what you mean, and I think your right to be skeptical, and it's probably not true.
 But I don't think it's necessarily true that we're saying that one person had this as his
 only job or anything.
 It could be someone who was part of the Royal Household who also had this job, or…
 It's Green of the Stool on the side, he's official uncorker of various royal things.
 Yeah, so this idea of doing scientific experiments for the sake of finding out ocean currents
 and stuff by dropping messages in bottles in actually serves a purpose, which seems so
 weird to me.
 So there was this guy George Parker Bitter, who threw a thousand bottles into the North Sea
 in 1906, and he promised a shilling reward for anyone who found the bottle and then sent
 it back to him, saying exactly where they'd found it.
 And in fact, one woman found the last one in 2015, and she posted it back to the address.
 And the company in Plymouth, that was still monitoring it, had to then track down a shilling
 and all shilling.
 Right, looking on eBay and old anti-coing collectors to centre.
 That's so funny.
 Actually, the first ever message in a bottle possibly might have been for that reason,
 which was supposedly Greek philosopher Theo Frastus, who wanted to prove that the Mediterranean
 was fed by the Atlantic.
 And so he put bottles in the Atlantic and saw them go round the corner into the med, and
 he could prove that.
 Again, this is a slightly not sure if this is true or not.
 And did he leave a message saying, whoever finds us, can you tell me the location?
 Pretty much, right?
 That's the idea.
 That's cool.
 And he saw them go round the corner, did you see?
 No, I think again, this is possibly not true, but he would have put them in the water,
 and then there would have been, like, dance as a message, saying, "Contact, Theo Frastus
 on..."
 You know?
 075.
 075 out of the square happens.
 There was a thing on, like, the US government, noticals like, which said that a lot of the
 nautical maps we have now are based on those messages.
 So in the 1950s, I think loads of messages in bottles were put in the Gulf of Maine.
 And all the maps we have of, like, all the different ocean currents there, basically
 based on where everyone picked all those messages up, and where, and, you know, then they sent
 back saying, "Hey, I'm here.
 I've just found this."
 And that's where a lot of ocean maps come from.
 And now we've got, like, satellite technology and stuff.
 Also, I think quite recently I'm sure we must have mentioned this, but there was all those
 rubber ducks that fell off a tanker, and they floated around everywhere, and we got loads
 of data from that.
 Yeah, really?
 So that's still happening.
 Yeah.
 I think they still wash up every now and then.
 Yeah, they do.
 Yeah.
 I read an article.
 I read mental floss article all about messages and bottles, and then the article veers away
 because this isn't technically a message and a bottle, but it's a pretty extraordinary story.
 So I'm just going to read it anyway.
 This happened in 2001.
 There was a girl called Laura Bucston, and she was coming up to 10 years old.
 She released a red balloon into the air.
 She lived in Stoke on Trent in England.
 And on the balloon, she wrote, "Please return to Laura Bucston."
 And on the other side of the balloon, she put her home address.
 So they released it into the air.
 It disappeared.
 A few weeks later, 140 miles away, the balloon hit a hedge when it came down.
 And the person who picked it up saw the name and saw the address and immediately went what
 the hell was going on and went to his neighbor because his neighbor had a daughter who was
 10 years old who also had the name Laura Bucston.
 So it landed exactly with the same age, same name, the person.
 They got in contact, and they were saying, "What amazing coincidence.
 Let's meet up."
 So on the day of the meeting, the two girls, independently without having decided what
 they were going to do, both came in the same outfit.
 They both had a pink sweater and were wearing jeans.
 jeans.
 Oh my goodness.
 Oh my goodness.
 This is just collecting all the qubits that happened at the moment.
 They were both roughly the same height, which was like two girls the same age and roughly
 the same height.
 So they were tall ten-year-olds.
 So they were very surprised.
 Oh, you're a tall ten-year-old.
 Tiny little qubits.
 Yes.
 No.
 I like pizza.
 They both had brown hair.
 They wore it in the same style.
 They both had three-year-old black Labrador retrievers.
 They both had a gray pet rabbit, not on them, they left them out.
 They both brought, they did bring their own guinea pigs, which were the same color, and
 had the same orange markings on their high quarters.
 This is mental floss, so I know it sounds like I'm reading an April fool's thing, but this
 is...
 But also, like, if that was in a local news story, I'm a journalist in a local news story
 and still come trend.
 I would go and go, "Come on, give me some more.
 What have you got?
 You have a dog?"
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 What is on local, as well?
 Yeah, exactly.
 What color-haired does she have?
 Brilliant.
 Nice one.
 Yeah.
 Can I just say this?
 I don't know why these two are being like this.
 They must have woken up on the wrong side of their bed.
 Because that does happen sometimes.
 Sure.
 I mean, mental things.
 I suppose you could say the law of large numbers means that there's enough things that happen
 in the world, which aren't coincidental, that some coincidental things do happen sometimes.
 Yeah.
 Thousands of lower boxers pick up fan balloons every day.
 It does happen not to be wearing the same clothes.
 But I thought we should still get excited by coincidences.
 I know it's like, "Oh, this could happen anyway."
 It's still amazing.
 Yeah.
 I think maybe we did get out of bed on the wrong side, but on the other hand, did you not
 when you're a kid release loads of balloons with notes on them and never get a single fucking
 reply from anyone?
 Yeah.
 Is that what you're attempting now?
 I'm never going to school.
 Yeah.
 It was a very common thing for people to do when I was a kid.
 We don't do any more because it's like bad for the environment, but they used to be really
 involved to do that.
 Didn't they?
 Everyone, do you write a note on your thing?
 We would use to go to Tiggies for our birthday every year, which is an Italian restaurant
 in Bolton, and then we'd get a free balloon, and then we'd write a note on it.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, same.
 Every birthday party.
 Some bastard in Bolton was shooting them down over there.
 Did you really go to Scotland for shared with thousands of labels of dead balloons that James
 Arkansas couldn't name one?
 There was one person, the one girl who did it and landed in the bag on the Buckingham Palace
 and the Queen Centre Park.
 Did you remember that?
 Did you?
 She was called Elizabeth Windsor.
 And she was 90-year-old girl from bookstore.
 And they both turned out wearing crowns.
 You've got a beefy to do.
 OK, it is time for fact number two, and that is Alex.
 My fact this week is that the original mastermind to chair was specially modified to have detachable
 arms, quote, "in case a contender is too large to fit between them."
 Oh, OK, so we're going to explain what mastermind is for non-British people.
 Yes, so it's a long-running quiz show.
 It's been running since 1972.
 It's a very like paired back quiz show.
 So it's a dark studio, you have a person asking questions, and you have four contestants,
 and they each come up to a chair one at a time, and the chair is the kind of the famous symbol
 of the show.
 And each contestant is asked a specialist subject, so yeah, prepare a specialist subject.
 So if you know, for example, Titanic facts and everything about it, you would get quizzed
 in a very quick space of time, everything about the Titanic and the more point to get you
 in.
 It's like an expert quiz.
 Yeah, exactly.
 And it was based on a guy who was in the war, in Second World War, he was Nare F. Gunner,
 and he was captured in Germany and questioned by the Germans, and it's kind of supposed to
 be almost the same way that he felt at the time, which is you've got a big light on
 you, they're asking you questions again and again and again, to kind of put you under as much
 pressure as possible.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, his name was Bill Wright, and yeah, exactly that.
 He was a prisoner of war, and he thought, oh, this will make a great game show.
 He was being interrogated by the Nazis, and interestingly, he says in Germany, so you
 were asked three questions, which is name, rank, and number.
 And that's still the thing that in Mastermind, it's name, occupation, and specialist subject.
 He took the rule of three that they, and he directly associates it with that.
 And when they started it, Magnus Magnuson, who is the original host of the show, and his
 name is, he's Icelandic, so that's a nice, Icelandic name, Magnus Magnuson.
 Do you know what his dad's name was?
 No, I don't.
 What his dad's first name was.
 Yeah.
 It was not Magnus.
 No, so I changed it.
 Yeah, in Iceland, it's supposed to be your surname is son of your father, so my dad's
 called Michael, so I should be James Michelson.
 Right.
 His father was called Anna.
 Seagrstein, wasn't he?
 Seagrstein.
 So he should have been Seagrsteinson, but actually his father was called Seagrstein Magnuson,
 and in Scotland, of course, you have the same surname as your father, so he had to keep the
 same surname.
 Oh, okay.
 Wow.
 That's very interesting.
 So, yeah, so Magnus, usually you'd be a quiz host or, you know, you'd have a title like
 that.
 His title, when he was doing the show, was the interrogator, so that's what he was
 introduced at.
 He was completely tied into his experience.
 And he was actually a Nazi as well, wasn't he, Magnus Magnuson?
 He was, yeah.
 Was he?
 No.
 Geez.
 No, he was a national treasure.
 I thought I missed that paragraph, and I was reading it to this.
 You don't know what's weird, though, is that another little link in that I know from
 our friend who was on Mastermind.
 So Ian Dunn, who's a big fan of QI, and who we know, he went on Mastermind, and he said,
 "When you fill in the forms, when you're saying what your specialist subject should
 be, it's called the Mastermind SS form.
 They have a stop."
 That's very funny.
 I read on Wikipedia, they have a list of a few subjects that have actually been rejected.
 A few of the ones that have been rejected include Roots to Anywhere in Mainland Britain by
 Road from Letchworth.
 The banana industry, not allowed to pick the banana industry, as you're...
 Not allowed to pick it.
 Nice.
 A orthopedic bone cement in total hip replacement is another.
 The last word of the wiki is Perfect Squares up to 99 Squared.
 What is a Perfect Squared on?
 It's 9,801, but that's one point.
 In recent years, I read in an article that subjects like faulty towers, black adder, rolled
 dull, harry potter, so they've been ruled out because so many people have picked it that
 they've run out of questions, basically.
 They don't know what else to ask about black adder that's not been done before.
 The thing with harry potter is that last year, 262 people wanted to do it as a specialist
 subject on Mastermind, that's according to producer Mark Helzby.
 The first three winners were women, which was quite bizarre because far fewer women than
 men have ended up winning the titles, not because women are less clever because of centuries
 and centuries of systemic oppression blah blah blah.
 I would say that your specialist subjects is not fabulous, look, I believe it, it's just
 a long explanation to go into.
 But yeah, the first three people who won were women and then in 35 years, it's been eight
 women and 21 men who won it, but after the first three years, everyone was speculating
 is a man ever going to win Mastermind.
 Can we talk about the chair very quickly?
 Yes.
 The chair was voted in a survey for House Beautiful magazine as the second greatest chair, basically,
 of pop culture.
 Or can we guess the first?
 Yeah, have a go, yeah.
 Just one extra bit of context, this is, it was voted as the second most iconic chair of
 the 20th century.
 I was going to say the wool second, the house of lords or whatever it is.
 Is it a sofa from friends?
 No, it's not.
 Okay, so it's...
 Is it in pop culture, right?
 Is it chair?
 The singer.
 No, it's in.
 Okay, so I'm going to say it's the 1960s.
 It is a chair that made the newspapers because it was a scandalous...
 Nixon.
 It was a scandalous chair, basically.
 Scandalist chair.
 Elvis.
 Elvis.
 Did he have a chair?
 Didn't need it.
 So if you just had Elvis in it.
 He died on the toilet, yeah.
 They often call it the throne.
 Yeah.
 That's true.
 Well, no.
 Is it the chair that Liza Monelli sat on in that film?
 Is that 1960s?
 No, it's not, but it's interesting, have a think in your head about what she does with
 that chair and you might get to it somehow.
 Is it Chicago?
 You're thinking...
 She sits backwards.
 Does someone sit backwards on it in an iconic photo?
 We are so close.
 Is it Marilyn Monroe?
 No, that's it.
 No, it's Christine Keeler.
 Yeah, we go Profumo.
 Profumo.
 Yes, one of those.
 Nice.
 Yeah, so that got voted the Christine Keeler sitting backwards on a chair as the most iconic.
 Very much that was more about Keeler than the chair.
 Except in its time, most comedians would parody that shot and still do of being
 naked on a chair that way round in reference to that.
 I think for that reason that chair is the concept of the chair.
 Yeah, exactly.
 I can picture the picture you're talking about, which I think means it counts.
 We'll allow it.
 So the last chair on Mastermind was given to Magnus Magnus and when he retired.
 They've got a new one now, which like Alex says, has these detachable arms.
 It is an Eames soft pad.
 It was designed in 1969 and it was designed by Charles and Ray Eames, who are basically
 the best chair designers in the history of the world.
 He's like Trumpish of you.
 Yeah.
 I have his chairs.
 They make great chairs.
 They are the famous.
 They're the big names in chairs.
 They were a husband and wife couple and they made loads of mass-produced chairs.
 And the first thing they ever mass-produced was a molded plywood leg splint for World
 War II, which they gave to all the soldiers and it was molded on Charles' own leg.
 And they sold 150,000 of them.
 So there were soldiers all around the world walking on an exact replica of his own leg.
 Wow.
 That's amazing.
 That's incredible.
 My favorite TV chair is the chair that was in the audition room when Robin Williams went
 audition for the role of Mork from Ork on Happy Days.
 So I think that spun off into Mork and Mindy, didn't it?
 But the producer was a guy called Gary Marshall and Robin Williams came into the room and
 he was unknown at the time, walked in and Gary Marshall was told him to take a seat
 and immediately Robin Williams went to the chair and stood on his head on it and Marshall
 immediately hired him, saying he was the only alien who applied for the job, so.
 Wow.
 It's cool.
 Those stories are quite dangerous because it encourages literally everyone to go into
 audition and really break the mold.
 And can you imagine saying that for hours after every single person comes in and does something
 really annoying with the chair?
 You're the only one who sat on the chair.
 That was the test.
 Do you want to tell you?
 We're not looking for actual aliens.
 We need an actor.
 We need somebody who's going to be easy to work with, to do the same form as time after time
 and love will take.
 Okay.
 It is time for fact number three and that is Chazinski.
 My fact this week is that one competition at the Highland Games used to be pulling the
 legs off a cow in order to win a sheep.
 Therfs really hard in Scotland out late because when I was at school, I used to pull legs
 off a daddy long legs, but in Scotland they pull legs off a cow.
 It sounds like a metaphor for like ruining something because a cow is more valuable than a sheep,
 so why don't you just keep the cow and leave the legs on?
 So the cow is dead at this point, I should say.
 So it's not as awful, still quite awful.
 Yeah, it's pretty pretty, really bad.
 It's not ideal.
 It's a strength test and it would be impressive if someone could twist the legs off a cow
 with his own bare hands.
 So emotional strength test as well to witness what you've just done to this poor cow?
 If you ever see Anna in the country side and you want to impress her.
 This was actually invented in 1820 and I don't think it was that long-lasting, but the idea
 of the contest was invented by a guy called Alistair McDonnell who was a clan chief and apparently
 he was just this really cool eccentric, vibrant clan chiefed in character.
 In fact, he was the character of Fergus McIver in the Waverly, Walter Scott's Waverly novel
 was based on and yeah, he said let's do this, that'll be fun and the first prize is a fat
 sheep.
 Okay.
 And the reason it didn't last probably is because it was extremely difficult.
 Yes.
 I read one, I don't think it might have happened maybe once or twice in one or two different
 ones, but the one that I read was in Invergari and there was only one man who succeeded after
 struggling for about an hour as a reward he received his sheep and the eulogistic speech
 from the chief.
 Nice.
 Has anyone been to the Highland games?
 No.
 I have been.
 Yeah, it's really awesome.
 It's really good.
 It's almost like a fate.
 The one that I went to is like a village fate, but then you've also got these incredible
 things happening where people throw in these massive weights really, really high.
 Like really high.
 The big logs, the big, I saw the paper tossing, the main one I saw, they were like, they had
 these kind of, you know, like kettlebells that you would use in the gym and we're throwing
 this over a big, big, big, high height.
 Wow.
 I was really impressed.
 Is it kind of like high jump?
 Is there a bar?
 Yeah.
 So we get higher and higher and higher at the time.
 And the paper toss is not about how far you can toss it.
 It's about, you have to toss it so that it lands at 12 o'clock so it lands upright.
 So it's got to stay up in the air for like an hour and a half who's jumping in the morning.
 Depending on time you throw it.
 Don't throw it at 9 a.m.
 It's not, yeah, as in it lands, like, facing away from you, is it worth it?
 Yes.
 So you need to do a full rotation of 180 and then land exactly facing away from you, don't
 land.
 Exactly, perpendicular to the earth.
 Yes.
 Ah, so it would be extremely hard to pull the leg off a cow, right?
 I think they'd twisted.
 People tend to say twist quite a lot.
 And is that, is that how you pull it?
 I think that is how you would do it, yeah.
 I think so.
 Let's say you want to pull a chicken leg off a chicken.
 Yeah.
 You tend to give it a twist while you're pulling, don't you?
 I can see what you're saying, actually.
 I can picture that now.
 Do you know the ideal shape for a cow right in the 19th century?
 We've got four legs for us, don't we?
 Well, unless it's kind of square because I can't really picture cows because I can't
 picture anything.
 But if I ever had to draw one, I'd draw it particularly square for an animal, right?
 And that's, if you picture drawings in the 19th century, then cows would be vast and very
 square.
 And there was a lot of competition between members of the ability and landowners about getting
 the right shape of your animals.
 So yeah, if you look at cows, they don't look like real cows.
 And the actual, the size of a cow between 1710 and 1795 increased by a third.
 So people were really building up their cows.
 Sorry, what were the dates?
 Between 1710 and 1795.
 So that was when they started getting bigger.
 So it's only a couple of generations.
 Yeah, absolutely.
 But cows were supposed to be rectangular.
 Exactly rectangular.
 Sheep were supposed to tend towards being oblong and pigs, the ideal shape for a pig was
 a football shape.
 Well, what kind of football?
 As in, in those days was F.A. regulation standards, black and white and eggs again.
 I think round.
 So if you get pictures of pigs very often, they'll be the picture with their stomachs
 literally on the floor.
 Like a potbelly pig.
 Because they've actually been to turn them into footballs, didn't they?
 Yeah, exactly.
 Pigs, butters.
 Yeah.
 So why were the cows square?
 Because usually when you make things square, it's that you can stack them.
 But I don't think they did that in a cow.
 A bit more in a little.
 Yeah.
 Well, this was just getting them bigger.
 And that was the shapes they tended towards.
 I read, just going back to the history of the Scotland Highland Games.
 I read that the very first one, so they don't know exactly where the first one occurred.
 But it is believed that one of the first early venues was at Fettoreso.
 And technically, it's a few miles south of the Scottish Highlands.
 So the first one made no sense.
 So the lowlands.
 It's in the lowlands.
 So it's actually the lowland games.
 That's a really good find to history.
 If it's true.
 Yeah.
 Unfortunately, as the article says, if it did happen there, it predates recorded history.
 We'll never know.
 Because really the first one, which is kind of a modern style, was in Brema in the early
 1800s. And it came at a time when the Scottish were kind of finding themselves.
 And that's when all that kind of tartan, it did exist.
 But it was when it was properly became like this in the last five days.
 But it's quite an informal type thing.
 There aren't the Highland Games.
 Or there weren't the Highland Games right at the same time.
 It's, yeah, it's more just like a festival type thing, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Various times over the summer.
 Every place will have one.
 And it's weird.
 It's not just these like any time I've thought of it.
 I've thought of throwing these giant logs.
 And as you say, the kettlebell style weights.
 But they do stuff like biggest bowl of porridge, you know, as a competition.
 And there was one that was made in 2010, that's the record, which is, it was 690 litres of
 porridge.
 So it was 2000 people.
 It was just by Goldilocks, who said, "This porridge is too small."
 So yeah.
 But it's all tourist as well, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 No Scottish people have ever been to the Highland Games.
 And you know who, well, you know who used to go to it, Billy Conley all the time.
 And as a result, he used to bring his best mates along, who happened to be famous comedians
 as well.
 One of which, who went, was Robin Williams, just to bring all the alien chairman back into
 the conversation.
 Yeah.
 Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show, and that is James.
 My fact this week is that you can cure your arachnophobia by drawing pictures of smiling
 spiders.
 So good.
 I'm actually going to try this.
 Can you read the full book?
 Yeah.
 Yeah, me too.
 Do you need to draw like a, like a, like a nude, like a life model kind of, do you need
 the spider there?
 Well, they are always usually nude spiders, because they can't, they can't get trousers without
 legs.
 So he drew like a sexy photo of a spider, with that make it less scary?
 Like a profumo sitting on a chair.
 He had four legs every time.
 So this is a clinical hypnotherapist called Adam Cox.
 He is British, or he pretends he's in Britain, and he encourages his clients to draw brightly
 coloured, smiling spiders with big eyes, and he says that it reduces their feelings of
 anxiety towards the arachnids.
 But so does it cure you in a, you're, presumably it's not like, okay, I'm going to be encountering
 a spider in the next five minutes.
 I'm going to quickly draw a picture of a smiling one too.
 No, it's a long-term therapy, so people are going week after week and drawing more and
 more spiders.
 And eventually it makes them feel less anxious.
 It maybe sounds like the early stages of a very severe phobia treatment, so as in you can't
 even, because you know there are some phobias where you can't even say the word of the thing
 you're scared of, and the idea of drawing a spider is probably really scary and horrible
 and thinking about the details of it is probably part of it.
 Well, I am an arachnid phobia, a little bit not as much as I used to be as a kid, but I would
 always find it really hard to see a picture of them in a book, and even now on the internet
 I find it quite hard.
 I have to scroll past them.
 Me too.
 Really?
 Yeah, just get it out of shot and just read the text.
 How do you have to research this background?
 So what's interesting as well as there was a study that was done in Queensland in Australia
 and along with a UK university in Sussex.
 And they were saying that if you have a fear of spiders, if you have arachnophobia, you
 are more likely to see a spider as in your hardwired, as they say, to notice the threats.
 So if you were out in Queensland and you were walking through the bush, if I'm walking
 with you and I'm less scared, I might not see a spider that's obviously there, but you
 are on edge waiting to see one.
 Yeah, actually, that's almost logical.
 I do have a problem with movement in general, so if I see any movement out the corner of
 my eye, it really freaks me out.
 And the reason they, their movement is particularly weird, because I think we mentioned recently,
 actually, how they move by hydraulic pressure, but I don't realise it was all spiders moving
 that way.
 So when they stretch their legs out, they're not doing it with their muscles at all.
 They're pumping blood out through their legs, which is why they move in that weird jerky
 way.
 And that's why when they die, they always shrivel up, because the pressure disappears, so they
 shrivel up.
 So basically, when they run, they have to have an erection in every one of their legs.
 That's exactly it, yeah.
 Wow.
 It's very quickly getting harder than not getting harder.
 Exactly.
 Yeah.
 Their genitals are hydraulic as well, by the way, so they operate with some hydraulic pressure.
 And also, they obviously have this really cool thing spider penises where they can keep
 on having sex without the spider.
 So there are quite a few spiders, like the all-web spider, which will start having sex with
 a lady spider, and then detaches its penis to get away, because I was a football.
 Have to take a call.
 I'm so sorry, I'll be back in a minute.
 You have this.
 Exactly.
 And it's actually more effective without its spider attachment.
 As soon as the spider leaves, the penises tend to eject about 70% of their sperm after
 that.
 So they keep pumping sperm out.
 Wow.
 Even when the spider's gone.
 Wow.
 I was looking into general phobias, because obviously there are so many phobias out there, and I found
 this long list just to see which ones are actual phobias, because there must be a phobia for
 everything, but there's a limitation, obviously, on ones that have been given names.
 Yeah.
 So the ones that I found that I thought were quite interesting that have actual names
 assigned to them.
 There's a phobia for the fear of opinions.
 That's very interesting.
 I'm just fearful.
 I'm just really sure what I think about that.
 There is the fear of flutes.
 When you say there is, as in a guy on the internet, decide to attribute names to one of the
 fears.
 No, so this is a big list that a guy wrote.
 Phobia.
 Not Wikipedia is called something like phobia, weirdphobias.com was something like that.
 I think that's a really difficult thing, isn't it, because there's a list of millions
 of them.
 There's like someone wrote one about a fear of a doc secretly looking at you or something
 like that, which is obviously not true.
 Then on the other hand, there are such weird ones that are true.
 It's really hard to tell which ones are enough.
 So, like, phobia is definitely a thing.
 Is it?
 Being scared of ferns.
 I think quite a few famous people have got that.
 Furn cotton, which is very difficult for her.
 Yeah.
 I think she's scared of cotton as well.
 Yeah.
 And fear of like holes and stuff like that is really common.
 Yes.
 I've heard of that one.
 I've heard of that one.
 I've heard of that one.
 I've heard of fear of chins.
 Do you reckon that's a real one?
 It's hard to imagine.
 But that's what I mean.
 It's hard to say whether it isn't.
 Yeah.
 You know, a guy had his arachnophobia accidentally removed quite recently.
 So, you can get rid of accidentally, but it does involve really invasive surgery.
 This was a guy who'd always been terrified of spiders.
 And then also he got an illness where he started having seizures.
 And so he went in for an operation to get rid of his seizures, and they had to remove
 a bit of his amygdala.
 And the surgery went really well, but he woke up and he found just two slight changes to
 his character.
 He had this stomach-lurching aversion to a very specific kind of music.
 So when he heard it, it was a music on a particular advert.
 He was terrified, just hated it.
 And he was no longer remotely afraid of spiders.
 That's really useful, isn't it?
 I have a fear of invasive brain surgery, though, so it's a bit worse than my fear of spiders.
 That's it.
 There's an organisation, a charity organisation in the UK called Triumph Overphobia, top UK.
 One of the managers is called Trilby Breckman, and Trilby Breckman runs self-help groups.
 He sounds like a really cool guy.
 And he said, "We once had a guy who came to us for six weeks and never said a word."
 He just sat there.
 Then eventually he managed to say, "I've got a social phobia," and then ran out of the
 room.
 [laughter]
 It's so good.
 But, I mean, we shouldn't be laughing.
 We wouldn't be listening.
 And this just means it doesn't.
 No.
 Do you think I'll recommend a group therapy to a guy who's a fear of social environment?
 It's okay to laugh, because he came back the following week, and within a year he was
 running groups by himself as well.
 And now he's got a fear of being alone.
 [laughter]
 He's in the group all the time.
 I was looking up what, because I was like, "What a spider's scared of," because, you know,
 everyone's scared of spiders.
 Most spiders are terrified of ants, because ants contain formic acid, which is really about
 spiders.
 And a lot of them will run for their lives if they see an ant, as it were.
 That's like a quote, like a researcher said, "It sort of run away."
 But the University of Canterbury found that they even run away from, some spiders will even
 run away from another species of spider called a jumping spider, which the gregarious jumping
 spider, which pretends to be an ant.
 That's its defense mechanism.
 Right.
 And it scares away other spiders.
 So, it hides its legs.
 I think we said that they hide that two of their legs, don't they?
 So, some species spiders do that, and pretend to be ants, and that scares other species
 who are scared of ants.
 Wow.
 Well, someone who's scared of spiders myself a little bit, if I was to dress as a massive
 ant.
 So, do you think that all kind of just leave me alone?
 Possibly.
 So, the spiders in the TV series, I'm a celebrity, get me out of here, must be feeling good
 this year, because they're going to be missing a big ant on the set this year.
 Oh, sorry.
 Good.
 Well, I do think you should never pick up a trancheter, because I hate them because I might
 ship myself, and if I ship myself, no one's going to hang out with me anyway.
 Right.
 That makes your social phobia even worse.
 Yeah.
 Because you'll scare them too much, and they'll die.
 It's similar, so it's for their sake.
 So, their abdomens are incredibly thin, and one little touch on the abdomen with your fingernail
 could split it open, and they'll spill their guts all over the place.
 So, you can't just like tickle it on its tummy or anything.
 They hate a tummy tingle.
 Oh.
 So, don't do that.
 And if you drop a trancheter, it'll almost certainly die.
 Really?
 Yeah, this is the advice of the British Trancheter Society, which is a bit of a QI favourite,
 I think, because it was founded in the 1980s, but the woman who founded it was called
 Animal and Web, which--
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 That's going to make watching Home Alone again a more harrowing experience, knowing that that
 tarantula that gets loose and gets dropped, and I mean, they must have had a stunt spider
 dressed as a tarantula, if that's the case, because he would have burst open in some
 of the scenes.
 I think you're assuming too much knowledge of Home Alone from some of us.
 Home Alone?
 I can't immediately remember the tarantula scene.
 Oh, you're on stage, though.
 Yeah.
 The only thing I remember is Kevin with his hands to his face, screaming, because he's
 been left home alone.
 Yeah.
 So you've memorized the poster.
 That's not-- sorry.
 I'm going to have to catch you again.
 He's not screaming because he's left home alone.
 He's screaming because he put aftershave on his face.
 Yeah.
 We'll see.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 He's pretending because he saw his dad screaming like that.
 I don't think so.
 And then you suggestively in the poster, so I mean, he looked like he's screaming at the
 two robbers who were either side of him, in the famous poster, but in the context of the
 film, he's never screaming.
 I have an extremely clear, extremely fake memory.
 His mom screams.
 His mom sits up on the phone and goes, "Kevin, that's--."
 Does he not say-- no, he doesn't say "Kevin."
 Why did he say his own name?
 Does he make any sense?
 I still think you're right, though.
 [LAUGHTER]
 What about in home alone, too?
 Does he do it there?
 No, because he's lost in New York.
 And that--
 Although she says Kevin again in a scream.
 You know, in the Edward Monks, the scream.
 Does he do it?
 No, that's actually--
 He's just put aftershave lives.
 Yeah.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 OK, that is it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we've said over the
 course of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland.
 James.
 @James Harkin.
 Alex.
 @AlexBell.
 And Chazinski.
 You can email podcast@QI.com.
 Yeah.
 Or you can go to our group account at no such thing or Facebook page.
 No such thing as a fish or our website.
 No such thing as a fish.com.
 Alex designed it.
 Thanks, Alex.
 Has everything linked to our tour, our new book.
 It's got a behind-the-scenes documentary called Behind the Gills, which shows how we act on
 tour.
 It's a lot of ironing.
 And everything else of all of previous episodes and so on is up there.
 So check it out.
 No such thing as a fish.com.
 We're going to be back again next week with another episode.
 We'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 [MUSIC]
