 (horn honking)
 (speaking in foreign language)
 (horn honking in foreign language)
 (horn honking in foreign language)
 (upbeat music)
 - Hello and welcome to another episode.
 No such thing as a fish, a weekly podcast
 coming to you from the QI office in Covent Garden.
 My name is Andrew Hunter Murray and I'm sitting here
 with James Harkin, Anna Teginski,
 and our special guest this week is Carrie Lloyd.
 Carrie Ad is a comedian we all know.
 She's been on QI a load of times.
 She's in an improvised show called ostentatious,
 which is Jane Austen based improvised comedy with me.
 And she also is the presenter and host
 and producer and everything of the podcast grief cast,
 which is about grief and about people you've lost,
 but it's also very uplifting and charming
 and funny and wonderful.
 So do give that a listen.
 Okay, starting with fact number one this week,
 and that is Carrie Lloyd.
 My fact is that Unity Mittford was the only person
 to be BFFs with Churchill and Hitler.
 - She was best friends forever,
 just for any 80s kids in the room.
 - Yeah, she was definitely best buddies,
 Bezzies with Hitler.
 She was very Bezzies with Hitler.
 But she was also very old family friends with Churchill.
 And at some point, just before war broke out,
 so she was living in Germany,
 basically completely in Hitler's inner circle.
 She was completely there.
 She used to write to her friend Winston
 and beg him very regularly to make peace with Hitler,
 because she really believed in both countries.
 Now, caveat, yes, she was a massive fascist, obviously.
 Not my saying I love her,
 but she did really believe that England and Germany
 could work together and become this incredible superpower.
 And she always said, if they go to war, I'll kill myself.
 I'll kill because these are my two greatest sides of my country.
 And spoiler alert, the moment war broke out,
 she went into a park and she shot herself in the head.
 But spoiler spoiler alert.
 It didn't work.
 She survived with the bullet in her head.
 Wow.
 But then she did also die due to an infection.
 But much later, much, much later.
 So Hitler, her BFF, when she did shoot herself in her head,
 Hitler felt so bad, obviously it was his fault.
 Hashtag, you caused the war.
 He arranged for a train to take her to Switzerland
 and then her mother.
 And I think it was Debo, the young sister, came and got her.
 But he, you know, wars breaking out,
 everyone's leaving countries.
 Hitler made sure that she got out of Germany
 and he knew she was going back to Britain.
 And he funded her healthcare in Germany.
 It's very easy to accidentally read the story and go,
 oh, that's quite nice.
 I know, yes.
 I know, again, he was a massive fascist,
 but also, I think he was quite big into it.
 He was one of the worst, I would say.
 You know, there's a theory about Hitler funding all this.
 So the theory is that her sister, Deborah and her mother,
 took her home after she tried to kill herself.
 She then recuperated at a little nursing home in a village
 called Wiggington in Oxfordshire.
 The home was a maternity home.
 This.
 And there is a story--
 This is rubbish.
 --there is a story from the woman who ran the home
 that she may have had a baby.
 And the baby had a tiny mustache.
 That was a massive fascist.
 Yeah, and so the journalist who wrote about this,
 she asked the woman who she thought the father might be.
 And she said, well, my mother always said, it was Hitler's.
 Although there is no record of this happening,
 so it's probable there is not a secret Hitler love child.
 But they definitely copped off, didn't they?
 No, also, that's a good--
 Yeah, there's a lot of-- like, it was very suspicious.
 In the inner circle, all the Germans hated her.
 They were like, there's this British woman
 who Hitler literally-- she would advise him
 and wind him up on stuff.
 And she was extremely jealous of Eva Braun, as well.
 And Eva Braun was very jealous of her, though, right?
 Yeah, so Unity definitely was another thing.
 But what I read seems to be that nothing happened,
 basically, he was kind of using her,
 because she was extremely useful.
 And the other weird thing about Unity
 is her middle name was Valkyrie, Unity Valkyrie Mittford.
 And she was born in the town of Swastika.
 So weird.
 So weird.
 And so it said that he was very superstitious.
 And it was said when he found this stuff out about her.
 And she was a six-foot blonde, blue-eyed woman
 that he kind of felt like she was very lucky.
 But apparently, there was no way they ever slept together,
 but she definitely would have.
 And she used to kind of hang out with other fascists.
 And she slept with Churchill.
 No, but her sister, Deca, was married to Esmond Romney,
 who the big room it is that he was Churchill's secret son.
 And it was all sort of hidden, though.
 He was actually a nephew.
 But yeah, I thought Churchill was quite happily married, though.
 It's not like that massive fascist Hitler.
 So this town of Swastika is in Ontario.
 Yes.
 And they wanted to change the name during the war to Winston,
 because of obvious reasons.
 And they even did it, I think.
 Or at least they got pretty close.
 But then everyone who was living there said no.
 And so they took down all the new signs.
 And they said no.
 We were called Swastika before Hitler came along.
 We came with the idea first.
 Why should we change our names?
 And they were named after the symbol,
 which was a good luck symbol, is it Hindi?
 Or Hinduism.
 Yeah, Hinduism.
 So that's where they're beforehand.
 It doesn't have a fact about that guy--
 I think possibly also in Canada, who
 was called Adolf Hitler.
 And it was asked if you're going to change your name.
 And he said, I'm not going to let one guy ruin the name.
 And he didn't change his name.
 Then they were amazing family.
 Yeah, there literally isn't one of them
 that wasn't somehow involved in something.
 So Unity was-- well, they were all bizarre, but she was bizarre.
 So she said that her and her sister grew up,
 her to be a fascist, her sister, one of her sisters,
 that could be a communist.
 And she said that they used to scratch--
 she would scratch Swastika, and her sister
 would scratch Hammer and Sickle into the window of the bedroom
 that they shared together, and the scratch was still there.
 And so they really pursued their dreams.
 There was an article in The Guardian about how
 they're kind of inspiring in a twisted way.
 Because she was like, I'm in love with Hitler.
 I'm going to go track them down.
 And she didn't.
 She went to Germany.
 And she sat in a cafe that he frequented.
 She sat there every day.
 Yeah, she sat there every single day.
 Until eventually, he was like, who's
 that six-foot-blown woman that keeps staring at me?
 And that's how she got to know him.
 And apparently, she told-- she wrote to Decker and said,
 this is my plan, like any good obsessed teenager.
 This is how I'm going to get him.
 And so her and Decker, Jessica Mittford, shared a room,
 and they had a chalk line down the middle of the room.
 And at one end was a bust of Lenin,
 and the other end was a picture of Hitler.
 Wow.
 But they were obviously still sisters
 and loved each other very much.
 And then completely opposite.
 But obviously, growing up in exactly the same household.
 Do you think maybe, like, sometimes brothers and sisters
 go against their brothers and sisters, right?
 Yeah.
 Well, if you read any of the Mittford stuff,
 there's an amazing biography by Mary S. Lovell,
 which is the best Mittford S. want to be, which
 says that they all of them had these incredibly obsessive
 personalities and filled them with--
 so either fascism or communism, or Pam,
 who was obsessed with farming.
 She's all the best, yeah.
 Pam is the one that--
 Pam's the one that--
 Pam's the one that everyone forgets.
 But she introduced a new breed of chicken into this country.
 Yeah, so--
 And Pam apparently was quite a wit.
 And like, Evelyn Moore was in love with her.
 But the only people who had her jokes were the chickens.
 Yeah, exactly.
 They were sad.
 With her six.
 So there was--
 Yeah.
 And there's a brother who died in the war.
 And then you have Nancy, who was a very famous writer, Diana,
 who obviously also being a bit fascist.
 They do not--
 I don't know if you're well on that list.
 The mistress of Oswald Mosley, head of the bridge.
 She was the wife, the wife of eventual wife of Oswald Mosley.
 Well, I was just referring to the courting effect.
 She was the only famously said Hitler had beautiful blue eyes.
 Oh, yeah.
 Did she tell Stephen Fry this?
 Well, Stephen--
 Actually, he mentioned that on QI.
 Yeah.
 He says that-- Stephen Fry says that she said to him,
 of course, you never met Hitler, did you?
 [LAUGHTER]
 She was an incredible woman, Diana.
 And she was said to be the most beautiful woman of her age.
 Like, men were literally falling over.
 And then she married a Guinness, and had an affair,
 not a pine-egg in his mouth, and then had an affair with Oswald
 Mosley, and then ended up marrying him.
 And then went to prison, right?
 Went to prison.
 And she was the only-- during the war they
 were interred.
 And she and another woman were allowed their husbands
 in Holloway prison.
 So she was in Holloway women's prison.
 And then Oswald was allowed to join up.
 Because Churchill said that was OK.
 Because he was mates with the family.
 And Nancy Metford was famous for doing the upper class
 and lower class rights in Kingston.
 You and non-You were the famous essay she wrote about.
 So great ways.
 What things show you off as being posh on not posh, right?
 Yes.
 Have you got to test for us?
 I couldn't do one.
 How do you pronounce the word, which
 refers to a large cat with a mane?
 Lion?
 Lion?
 No.
 Not posh, not posh.
 Oh, no.
 Lion?
 Oh, you're pretty posh, isn't it?
 I'm putting it on, I'm picking it.
 It rhymes with barn.
 Apparently, lawn.
 Lawn, yeah.
 How do you pronounce the game, which I like to play,
 where I hit little balls around with a stick in a field?
 Golf.
 Goof.
 Goof.
 Goof.
 Goof.
 Oh, yeah, goof.
 Who's it, goof?
 Like Darren Goff.
 Go and play a game of golf.
 Oh, wow.
 There was a study recently that found
 the queen has become less posh over the course of her reign.
 As in, if you listen to her vowels from 1953, she's still quite posh.
 She's still quite posh, though.
 Not as posh, though.
 If you listen to the older recordings, it's almost like--
 But that's her accent is less posh.
 She still lives in a massive family.
 She hasn't kept it real recently, yeah.
 But she talks quite straight, I think, as what we're saying.
 She lives in a palace, but she talks pretty straight.
 She says BFF.
 Yeah.
 But wasn't the non-new you thing part of it
 was about that thing where people who want to be posh put on posh words?
 So things like Serviette instead of napkin.
 So it wasn't about telling the posh from the working class.
 It was about telling the posh from the middle class who wanted to be you.
 The really posh don't say the posh word.
 They just call it a napkin, whereas the social climber says the Serviette.
 Exactly.
 What you call it a mouth face wipe, but like that.
 It's just a plain old weirdo.
 Yeah, Nancy was very like a Serbic and witty about.
 So she was sort of taking the piss out of people.
 There was a lot of piss taking involve, wasn't there?
 Yeah.
 Apparently a gentleman, when he's drunk, may become amorous or mordlin
 or vomit in public, but he would never become truculent.
 That's how you know Andy's so common.
 Regularly truculent.
 Fighty, fighty.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 OK, it's time for fact number two, and that is Anna.
 My fact this week is that in the 1920s, doctors prescribed intentionally terrifying flights
 and aeroplanes to cure deafness.
 That's true.
 Why did they think that that would, what was their reason?
 Well, I would think maybe because it makes your ears pop.
 Yeah, but likes it that.
 It was not that.
 No, it was the shock factor.
 So it actually, it actually started with someone who couldn't speak.
 It was an Army serviceman who I think lost the ability to speak during the First World War.
 And this is in 1921, this doctor called Charles McInerney said it was a psychological problem
 and that the solution would be going into a plane and being treated to a series of loop
 the loops and nose dives and spins and things that made him think he was going to die.
 And lo and behold, he took this prescription, he did it.
 He stepped off the plane and he said, I don't know if I can speak anymore.
 And it turned out he could because he said that.
 And then it started being touted as a cure for everything.
 Including deafness.
 So, deaf flights were a thing that was quite commonly prescribed.
 And Charles Lindbergh, very famous obviously aviator on his business card, he had deaf flights
 as one of the things that he offered to really take deaf people up.
 The idea was that people might have suffered from these things for psychological reasons.
 You were saying that you were a shell shocky kind of thing.
 Yeah.
 So were they take, yeah, was it only if you develop deafness or was it more like, oh,
 I'd been deaf since birth?
 There were some people who were deaf since birth.
 So for example, in 1930, there was a boxer called Fred Mayhem, his nickname was Dummy, which
 is a cruel nickname because he'd been deaf since the edge of eight months.
 Oh my God.
 So he took a flight in 1930.
 It was designed to cure his hearing.
 It was designed to cure his hearing with a parachute jump that he was going to take out
 of the plane, okay?
 In front of a crowd of thousands, the parachute failed to open.
 Oh my God.
 And he died.
 Where's the happy ending, Andy?
 Probably in the next factor, I'm afraid.
 And sometimes people did die.
 The idea also was that it had to be a surprise, so the patients were told that.
 Where are we going?
 Don't worry, just put on this backpack.
 They were told they were just going in a flight because it was the altitude that cured
 the deafness.
 Right.
 And then they'd go up in the flight and then it would be a horrible shock when you suddenly
 started nose diving towards the ground or spinning around in circles because obviously
 if you knew it was going to happen, then the cure wasn't going to be effective.
 Have you heard about this flight that happened in, well, when did I have, in 1969 with Alan
 Funt?
 Have you heard this before?
 I don't think I've ever heard the word Alan Funt before.
 Alan Funt.
 I remember.
 He was the host of a prank show in America that was like absolutely massive, kind of like
 candid camera sort of, you know, it was called candid camera.
 I feel like a fuck.
 What a fuck.
 Alan Funt hosted candid camera, which is like the original you've been framed.
 And he was hugely, hugely famous as much as, I would say, Jamie Beatles in his day.
 And he was on a flight with his family and they had a camera crew because they were going
 to film like this new prank show and it got taken hostage.
 So the plane, a guy stands up and it was at the time apparently there was loads of this
 happening and they were just constantly in '96 and being taken to Cuba.
 It was like quite fashionable.
 So everyone starts panicking.
 Then some of the passengers see Alan Funt and go, oh, it's a prank.
 And it wasn't a prank.
 So Alan Funt standing up and he's like, it's not a prank, which obviously is what Alan
 Funt would do if it was a prank.
 So the whole plane starts laughing and relaxing because they think it's a prank.
 And I think they even got flown to Cuba and they were on the ground for like five hours
 with everyone really relaxing king in a minute.
 Yeah, it seems like the whole plane thinking in a minute the camera's going to come out.
 We're going to laugh.
 And they were winding him up the whole time and he was with his wife and child.
 And the daughter has recounted it and said like they just thought he was getting more and
 more frustrated and upset because no one would believe it.
 Well, the hijacker.
 No, Alan Funt.
 Eventually Funt hijacked the plane and he stopped.
 Yeah.
 Tied me to anywhere apart from Cuba.
 It did happen a lot.
 I remember Andy had a fact where there was a guy who said, take me to Cuba, but the flight
 was already going to.
 Oh, yeah.
 Oh, my God.
 That's a book of parakeet, failures, classic that one.
 Yeah.
 Charles Lindbergh.
 Oh, yeah.
 One of his other specialities listed on his business card, which is an amazing business
 card, by the way, including death lights.
 One of the other things he offered was a plane change in mid air.
 Yeah.
 This was a trick in early aerial circuses where you would just climb out of the plane you
 were in or flying and climb into another plane next to you.
 That's, would you do that if you're traveling and you do it for an exchange or is it a trick?
 It's a trick, right?
 I was concerned.
 If anyone changing your flight was in the old days, if anyone from Ryanair is listening,
 they will be considering that.
 He was a real dead devil in some way.
 So Lindbergh, he did New York to Paris in 1924.
 I did not know this thing about it.
 He had to get rid of all non-essential equipment, make the plane as light as possible.
 So he took out all non-essential equipment and then he put a big fuel tank on the front
 of the plane so he could have as much fuel as he needed.
 Unfortunately, that meant he could not see out in front of him.
 No.
 I'm not even kidding.
 Oh, my God.
 To see out of the plane in front of him, he had a few options.
 He installed a periscope in the cockpit.
 Oh, my God.
 He also sometimes just had to open the right hand door to peek out the front.
 Oh, my God.
 And his final option was just to turn the plane sideways for a bit.
 That's how I drive.
 It does work.
 It does.
 But, yeah, aerial acrobatics was super popular in the 1920s.
 It was this very specific phase because a lot of people learned to fly in the First World
 War and then they realized they could make a living out of it.
 And barn storming, it was called, and it became this very popular thing.
 And I can't tell if it was, I think the etymology of it is vaguely unclear.
 It's either because people would often do these amazing aerial acrobatics in, like, fields.
 And people would stand by a barn and watch.
 But also quite a common trick they'd do is to fly through a barn.
 So they'd open the doors of the barn, and then you had to fly your plane through the barn
 and come out the other end.
 It's not where the trope of bursting into a barn, and then you burst out the other end
 and all the chickens, you know, flapping around, madly.
 The trope, you know, it happens in every show.
 It's a sign-failed run into a barn.
 It happens less than a pun that's showing.
 But is that obviously where the word barn store, it was a real barn store, man?
 I think it is.
 I've seen videos of them flying through, and I'm sure that must be where it comes from.
 Yeah, it must be.
 Yeah.
 I think they played some stunt games of tennis on plates.
 No, oh my gosh.
 On the wings.
 On the wings?
 From one wing to another, there are a few photos of people doing, oh, it's wing-walking.
 You know, normally you're just sort of discreetly strapped to the plane.
 You're not standing completely free because obviously you'd immediately fall off.
 Does that mean you had to hit the ball ahead of where the person was at this eye?
 I mean, how does physics work, aren't they?
 I think the person who really suffers is the ballboy.
 There's a guy called Omar Locklear, who was a 20s stunt pilot.
 I think was the first person to fly from one plane to another in mid-air, possibly.
 Sorry.
 Fly from one plane to another.
 Sorry, climb.
 He launched a smaller plane out of the window of a John Hood jet.
 That's incredible.
 So Omar Locklear was a stunt pilot in the 20s in a film called The Great Air Robbery.
 His one stunt he did, he climbed down from a plane to a speeding car, fought the baddie
 for a bit, kicked the baddie out of the car, then he grabbed the plane's undercarriage
 and climbed back into it as the car overturned and crashed.
 You should never climb back into someone's undercarriage.
 It's very weird.
 Do you know another old cure for deafness around about this time?
 The 1920s and before was to make your own artificial eardrum or have an artificial eardrum inserted.
 You could order them.
 I was going to say online.
 They sent you things that were of a made of else claw or pig's bladder or fishbone or something
 called gold beater's skin, which I didn't know about, but your dad probably would, Andy,
 because it's in used in the gold leaf making process and apparently it's animal intestine.
 Anyway, you put this on a little stick and you put it in your ear and it apparently replaced
 your eardrum.
 It didn't work, but it was invented in 1853 or pioneered by a doctor called Joseph Toinby,
 who is Polly Toinby's great grandfather.
 Wow.
 Isn't that weird?
 That's good.
 I read the other day and I haven't looked into this.
 I just saw the headline that your eardrum moves the same way as your eyes move.
 So when your eyes kind of move to the left or right, your eardrum slightly move around.
 Wow.
 It is, you know, when they, like, can't say I've seen just doing it themselves, our eardrums
 is obviously doing it.
 Yeah.
 Oh my god.
 I can kind of feel it.
 If you remember.
 All right.
 I mean, you think that might be your ear bones moving in your jaw.
 Oh yeah.
 Yeah, it might be.
 All right.
 The other thing with, you know, like, well, I can feel it too.
 Yes, it might be your ear bones.
 You have ear bones too.
 I don't know.
 Is it the ear bone?
 No.
 I'm just moving my eyes.
 Oh, wait.
 There's something moving in there.
 Yeah.
 I think that's your jaw moving, which is connecting to your ear bones.
 Why would my jaw move when I'm just moving my eyes?
 Because you're moving the muscles around your eyes to look that way.
 Carrie, I've been really into logical facts-based explanations here.
 So this is kind of a psychological affliction that they thought could be cured by flying.
 And there was another fashion for curing psychological affliction in about the 1920s.
 And this was pioneered by this doctor called Henry Cotton.
 And I'd never heard of this.
 But he thought that all madness or depression or anxiety was caused by physical stuff and
 could all be cured by surgery.
 So he used to just pull more and more body parts out of people until they were cured.
 So we'd start with the teeth.
 So you'd go in and you'd pull out all of your teeth if you were mad.
 And then if you still, he'd go for another body part.
 He'd keep on going.
 So then-
 He's like that game operative.
 No, no, no.
 I bet he invented it.
 He was like, I get it.
 Yeah.
 It was fun.
 It was not like operation.
 He'd go tonsils next and then adenoise, and then he'd remove your colon.
 If you still weren't here.
 I feel like you need your colon, don't you?
 I feel like you need--
 What about the appendix?
 No.
 I mean, once my stomach's gone, yes, my anxiety is going to go because I'm trying to deal
 with not having a stomach.
 Yeah.
 So I'm probably just going to be really upset.
 Probably not.
 Well, platypluses don't have stomachs.
 Don't they?
 No, they used to be very anxious.
 I don't know.
 They don't.
 And they used to-- this happened to my granny.
 They used to pull out all your teeth as prevention for tooth decay.
 So when you were like 18 or 21, and this was offered to her, she was extremely poor working
 car salient.
 And so they said, well, to save you some money and worrying about your teeth, just take
 them all out.
 Did you go for it?
 Yes, you had to hold everything or tooth removed at any moment.
 My granny was offered it.
 Didn't take them all from me.
 My lady.
 My lady.
 Yeah.
 This guy did pull out his own children's and wife's teeth as soon as he had children and a
 wife.
 So he had children and a wife over there.
 At what point in the ceremony or the reception did he do it?
 The christening.
 There's one in there.
 Now I'll kiss the bride.
 Well, just one thing before I do it.
 You may now fly over the bride's mouth open.
 Okay, it's time for fact number three and that is James Huckett.
 Okay, my fact this week is that there is a patch of snow in Scotland that fell 11 years
 ago and is just melted this week.
 That is amazing.
 It's sad.
 It's very sad.
 I thought it was amazing.
 When I looked into it, I realized it was sad.
 Super sad.
 The first one was like, wow.
 Oh.
 Sad.
 So there are these people who kind of always looking for the last bit of snow that's on the Scottish
 mountains.
 And most years, it's still there when it starts snowing again.
 So it's always going to be there and actually it always melts from the top.
 So the bit at the bottom will have been there for the whole time.
 But this week, and I'm going on a bit of a limb because as we're doing this podcast,
 I think there might still be a tiny bit there, but it's like a bit the size of a rucksack
 or something.
 There's hardly anything.
 And it looks like it's on its last legs, probably, we're recording this on September 29th.
 And I think by the 30th or by the start of October, it'll definitely be gone.
 God, but you're in trouble if there's an uninfected blizzard in Scotland over the next week.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Yeah.
 Hasn't it only disappeared six times in the last 300 years or something?
 Yeah.
 I'd like that.
 So, yeah.
 In the last 300 years, there have only been six times when there's been no snow on the
 ground in Britain.
 God, yeah.
 Every time you listen to the news at the moment, you feel like it's end of days.
 And you read a story like that where you go, and the snow has also gone.
 And you think, oh, God.
 But it's got a name.
 Yeah.
 And there's a few of them.
 I think the one that I'm talking about is called the Spinks.
 Yeah.
 And it's because there's a rock above it that looks a bit like the Spinks.
 I don't know.
 That was the reason.
 Yeah.
 And what do you think it was?
 I thought it was like the patch of snow asked you a riddle when you get there.
 And if you answer wrong, it folds you into its cold heart.
 I don't know.
 That's how it keeps going.
 Yeah.
 But there's one more virgin to come and ask you the question.
 Andy, whenever.
 Hey.
 So these people are very interesting guys.
 There's no patch hunters.
 Yes.
 And so we only know about this because of this guy, Ian Cameron.
 Yeah.
 And he's like one of the main guys.
 And he often goes and tries to find these patches and then we'll take photos of them.
 And then eventually, pretty much if Ian Cameron says they're not there anymore, they're
 probably not there anymore.
 Yeah.
 And he's got a Facebook group which you can go on and, you know, every few days he posts
 and he's like, oh, there's still a little bit left here, but probably not tomorrow.
 But and all of the data he gathers is really useful for climate scientists because he's
 got a record stretching back years and years now, which is very useful in terms of the
 temperature on the ground.
 And this is what they think it's climate change, is that what?
 Yeah.
 What he is quite circumspect about it.
 He says, look, I'm just going to leave it to the scientists to decide this kind of stuff.
 I wish more people would take that too.
 I suppose it seems pretty likely that it's climate change, right?
 Well, you know, what I like Ian, I can leave it to the scientists, but clearly it's bad.
 But he told the new statesman when they spoke to him, he said, it might sound weird to say,
 but it's like seeing an elderly relative or an old friend.
 You're slightly disappointed if it's not in as good a condition.
 Oh.
 And you're really disappointed if you turn up and it's not there.
 Yeah.
 He is all about the snow, isn't he?
 Yeah.
 He just, he only cares about these snow patches and he says he, I'm sure he cares about
 other things.
 He's a wife covering herself in snow, look at me, Ian, look at me.
 His children wearing snow hats, eating snow.
 He's desperately putting carrots out in front of their nose.
 Daddy, are we snow now?
 No, you're hot.
 You're hot and you're nothing to me.
 It's so easy, it's not like that being Ian's child.
 I would like to have said he actually reported he's an enthusiast, but he is not mad.
 So tell that to his poor melting wife.
 I think Ian Cameron is a bit of a hero because he's like looking at this kind of thing and
 not, not what else is, but actually it's like you say really good data and...
 No, he's amazing.
 It's amazing, obviously.
 What people do seem to be taking notice, there's a whole Wikipedia article called Snow Patches
 in Scotland, which I suspect maybe Ian Cameron wrote this.
 There are things like, it's so weird, it does seem to be a big thing based on this.
 So it describes a relatively little known snow patch, which was Scotland's largest at the
 time of writing.
 It said this patch does not appear in the no literature on the subject, so it may be
 very under-recorded.
 Only the hips does know about that one.
 It's really obscure.
 You probably haven't heard of it.
 Do you want some good news?
 Sure.
 Sure.
 You don't know about the world's tallest snow woman?
 Of course.
 Guys, I feel like...
 Mrs Cameron.
 So her name is Olympia and she is 30 feet shorter than the statue of Liberty.
 Oh, wow.
 Yeah.
 Her arms consist of 27 foot tall evergreens and she has 16 skis for eyelashes and 2,000 feet
 of rope hair.
 She is amazing.
 And five red autotires for lips, which were painted by the Mahousuk Kids Association.
 So basically the whole town got together and made this...
 This is from the photo, this absolute travesty of a snow person.
 I don't know what the parrot is made of, because presumably that's the size of a bus.
 The parrot knows it's made of muslin, chicken wire and wood frame by the MSAD number 44 elementary
 school children.
 Yeah.
 It's amazing.
 I have to say, if that magically came to life and approached me one night, I would run for
 the hills.
 And why is that might...
 Why would that happen?
 We're liking that.
 Like in the snowman.
 Oh, I see.
 Christmas things.
 I would not go walking in the air with that meat.
 I would sit indoors with a hairdryer on full blast if it came near me.
 I mean, it's not 100% clear just looking at this from a bit of a distance that she
 is a woman.
 It's one of the eyelashes.
 It's one of the eyelashes.
 They give you any eyelashes in the classic cartoon version of gender.
 I think a snow vagina will be a bit much at this.
 You don't see many snow penises on the old snowman, do you?
 You do, too.
 Walking.
 You don't.
 Maybe you don't.
 You don't.
 Hang it down in walking in the air.
 I didn't notice.
 You see a lot of snow penises.
 So.
 Have you guys heard about the oldest ever ice?
 Oh.
 Is it an Antarctica?
 Yes, it is.
 It's discovered this year.
 It dates back, guys.
 2.7 million years.
 What?
 Yeah.
 Is that the one that Putin drank?
 I'm sincerely hoping not.
 Do you not remember that?
 He did that.
 They drilled down to some really old ice and they melted it and Putin drank it.
 Well, just dropped it in a whiskey or something.
 He's going to live forever.
 No, he wasn't down at the bottom of the hole, eating the ice and then they dropped down
 to him.
 Yeah, no, so as a climate scientist, keep on drilling down because the snow that falls
 and then compacts an Antarctica, obviously, not obviously, but it has tiny bubbles of air,
 which tell you a huge amount about the climate 2 million years ago and you can find out how
 much carbon dioxide there was and what that means for the temperature of the earth, which
 is going to be very useful for us over the next century.
 But this year in April, there was a freezer in Canada where they had ice cores that
 dated back thousands and thousands of years.
 Yeah, your way ahead of me, Carried.
 No.
 There was a freezer malfunction.
 No.
 And they melted.
 Guys.
 I've had that with ice cream and it's really disappointing.
 Yeah.
 It is so disappointing.
 Well, imagine if there was 22,000 years of history in your ice cream.
 If it's green and black chocolate, I'd be as upset as I would be.
 And the director of the Canadian ice core archives guy called Martin Sharp and he said, "Fuck!"
 This is a bad day for Martin Sharp.
 He said, "I've had better days."
 Oh, you love Martin.
 But by a massive stroke of luck, which sounds crazy, but there was a massive stroke of
 like 90% of it was saved, solely because camera crew had been filming a documentary about
 this ice core archive and they had said, "Can we move most of it into this other freezer
 which has better lighting?"
 No.
 So thank god.
 Wow.
 Most of it was saved.
 That's amazing.
 Is it like an ice cream where if it re-freezes, it's not quite as good?
 I think that's right.
 I think that's right.
 And then you still eat it, but you think, "Oh, I should have eaten this early."
 Yeah.
 It's hard to shove the little bubbles of ancient carbon dioxide back in at the right
 height.
 Well, that's something though, because they're like time capsules, but from literally millions
 of years ago, I kind of find the fact that these bubbles are 2.7 million years old, more
 exciting than the ice, because it's like a little world, even though it doesn't have the
 cool stuff like the blue Peter, Baton, or whatever, inside it, it's still like a little
 time capsule.
 Apparently, you're not supposed to make snowmen in Antarctica.
 Really?
 Why?
 It's a boo according to the telegraph.
 It's a boo.
 They're so uptight.
 Apparently, the rules are designed to prevent the Antarctic's animals from being disturbed.
 Yeah.
 That's fair enough.
 Animals, penguins?
 I don't know.
 They might be like, "What is that?"
 Yeah.
 You know, "Hey, that's my snow."
 It might be like, "I came into your house and rolled up all your cushions and made a giant
 cushion, man."
 And you woke up.
 Yeah.
 It does sound like I'd wake up, because it sounds like that happened in a dream, I think, the
 other day.
 It sounds like the penguins.
 They're like, just in my no business.
 Suddenly, someone's taking all their like hours.
 The Antarctica had no land animals, permanent land animals, apart from that tiny fly.
 Got penguins.
 I think it says now.
 Yeah, but they live in the sea.
 I think we did this on QI, the only permanent land animal is a midge with no wings.
 Hey, and what the midge doesn't have feelings?
 Yeah.
 It's even worse for the midge, because if you could be quite a small snowman, but to them,
 it's going to look like that one from Maine.
 The princess.
 The princess.
 Okay.
 I now understand.
 Andy has a point, because what about the Antarctic bases they built and all the snowing
 stations?
 No one's like, "Hey, we're disturbing them, are they?"
 No.
 The penguins are fine with that.
 Yeah, they're fine.
 But let's start with the midges.
 Okay, it's time for a final fact.
 And that is my fact this week.
 My fact is that the first person ever to use the word "sponge cake" was Jane Austen.
 Oh.
 Oh.
 Good old Jane.
 Good old Jane.
 Now, we mentioned this, because Carrie had you are in an imporised comedy group called
 "Ostentatious", which is about Jane Austen.
 Yeah, I am, eh, Jane.
 Great.
 She's in that with me.
 I'm a perger.
 I'm a perger, yeah.
 Joe is a perger, isn't that Rachel Powers?
 He's a great comic, isn't he?
 He's an amazing guy.
 He does very well.
 Andy is also in that group with me.
 I am.
 I'm in Austen.
 Yes.
 And you guys have got some big shows coming up.
 We have.
 We're going to the West End for three dates.
 The Piccadilly Theatre.
 We're going to December 5th, January 23rd, and special Valentine's Day, February 13th.
 Go the day before.
 That's what all the fashionable couples are doing.
 And then, on February the 14th, you can do something actually fun.
 Yeah.
 Exactly.
 Exactly.
 At the Piccadilly Theatre at 730, yeah, Austen Tatias are playing their biggest dates yet.
 And we've both seen it, and it's amazing.
 It's fantastic, yeah.
 So, sponge cake.
 So, we know our Jane Austen, right, Andy?
 We know our Jane Austen.
 But she coined the word sponge cake.
 She's got a few citations in the Oxford English Dictionary, and this is...
 So, it doesn't mean that she invented the sponge cake.
 She's the first person just to write it down.
 They called it something else before her.
 Do they call it cake sponge?
 Yeah.
 So, the first record of the word comes from her writings.
 I'm not even convinced it's a word.
 Well, is it two words or is it one word?
 I thought she wrote it down hyphenated.
 She wrote it down hyphenated in a letter to her sister.
 She said, "You know how interesting the purchase of a sponge cake is to me."
 I think it was a famous Jane Austen sense of humour coming in there.
 So, it's interesting.
 The first mention of a sponge cake, is it being given a sick burn in a letter?
 Which is a shame, because sponge cake is a great thing.
 But do you know the words that she either coined or first usage,
 the first evidence of it comes from her?
 I went through the OED and found as many as I could.
 Did you read the whole thing?
 Well...
 I've only started at the beginning, I can't believe it.
 Hard fact, no.
 Antibilius.
 Ooh.
 They're all kind of very ostony words, the ones.
 Like there's coddle, cousinly.
 She invented coddle.
 She didn't invent them, I suppose.
 But she's the first example we have of it.
 Okay.
 But isn't it like you coddle an egg?
 Yeah.
 Yeah, so maybe it's coddle in just that specific term as a molly coddle.
 Right, yeah, yeah.
 Irrepressible obtrusiveness.
 Tittope.
 What's tittope?
 Tittope.
 It's the study of titt.
 Tittope.
 Tittope.
 Sorry, I'm sorry.
 I'm sorry.
 It's apology.
 Tittope.
 I'm already photographing.
 Oh, I'm getting confused.
 Tittope.
 I think it means like a tittope.
 Oh, yes.
 And there's suppose a tittope is a mistake or something?
 No.
 Darcy's always tittopping, isn't he?
 That bull went really tittopping.
 That's how Lizzie felt.
 Garde as into garde about.
 You're kidding, the verbal use of garde.
 That's cool.
 I think that's better than sponge cakes, to be honest.
 Yes, it is.
 Garde about.
 They're quite neat words.
 Yeah, that's what I think as well.
 It's not like Shakespeare who just invented "the" and "an".
 All the main words.
 Before that, we just literally garde.
 I've got some mind-blowing news on that, Anna.
 Oh, yeah.
 So Shakespeare's always said that Shakespeare invented 1700 words, right?
 And I'm always saying it.
 And so the words include "bump, hurry, road".
 I mean, it's nonsense.
 So the reason that he gets all these citations is because the first team of people
 in Piling the Oxford English Dictionary knew his works intimately because they were all lexicographers.
 So when they were thinking, "Where's the word critical?"
 They say, "Oh, there is a critical in whatever play it was."
 And then, now that we've got better technology, we're going back and we're finding way earlier ones.
 So we thought that the word puke was a Shakespearean coinage.
 Turns out it dates back to 1465, almost two centuries before Shakespeare wrote it.
 I bet you also was saying the word "road".
 Come on.
 No, it wasn't gone on a road.
 Yeah, because it would be weird if Shakespeare's plays were just full of words that no one had heard of.
 Well, the audience would be back full.
 Well, imagine the reviews, you know?
 But you know people say, "No, I find Shakespeare harder to understand."
 Perhaps that's what's happening.
 In the 16th century, people are like, "I don't know. It's not about. I can't really find a road."
 Did you see the amazing website right, like ostin.com?
 No.
 So it tells you you couldn't type in a word and it will tell you how many times you used it.
 So she only used the word "swoon" four times.
 We used that word quite a lot.
 She used the word "curtzy" six times.
 She never used the word "marval".
 So was it...
 She had embedded superheroes in us.
 No, no.
 She was mainly using the word "DC".
 She did?
 There were things that I think that she may have invented.
 Like, so the phrase "Tom Dick or Harry" I think comes from her.
 And you can imagine her thinking that up from her own head.
 Right?
 Or dog tired.
 Comes from Jane Austen.
 Again, like, that's the kind of thing maybe she had made up.
 Good writing.
 Yeah.
 If I've told you once, I've told you 100 times.
 No, she came up with that.
 Yeah, that was from her.
 That is a biggie.
 That's probably her.
 I'd say that's her lasting achievement.
 Yeah, but you're only saying that because you've been told that a lot of times.
 I think it's about puke.
 Yeah.
 Jane Austen wrote not very well according to this professor.
 This is really interesting.
 I'm bristling.
 According to a lot of people as well.
 I've put a lot of men throughout the years have written a heart of views of her.
 Well, Virginia Woolf didn't like her much.
 Oh, no, that is true.
 Well, Virginia Woolf was a man.
 It's extremely interesting you raised Virginia Woolf.
 So this is a study done by his professor Catherine Sutherland.
 And basically, what she's saying is Jane Austen didn't write like we think she wrote.
 That was the work of an editor.
 So I agree with Carrie Hadd and Andy that, like, her novels are perfection in terms
 of, like, the construction of the sentences and the English language.
 But what this academic says is that that was all the editor.
 And if you look at her works, her first drafts of works, she writes totally differently.
 They're just...
 They're just dolarbings with prey on the back of a mirror.
 So Darcy, big nice man, came in the room.
 Yeah.
 And he was like, so nice.
 Well, she was more experimental.
 So it actually sounds like she was more interesting.
 And she said that she wrote a bit more like Virginia Woolf.
 So for instance, when she had exchanges between characters, like speech exchange,
 like speech exchanges, she wouldn't separate out one speaker from another.
 So it would all be like, blurred in a more stream of consciousness,
 it kind of way.
 Which is keeping the idea of speech, which is so good at.
 The speech is so good.
 Yeah.
 Well, the editor was wanting her to separate it out.
 And she couldn't spell.
 So she didn't know which one, first, of I&E.
 She didn't know punctuation.
 But also, most people didn't spell.
 Yeah, the rules hadn't been set.
 You and on you had not been set, though.
 Yes.
 The rules hadn't been set.
 I think maybe she was a little bit worse than other writers at the time.
 And also, she didn't separate things into paragraphs very well.
 She was a woman in the 19th century, or the one before that.
 She didn't.
 She hadn't had a lot of education.
 I'm not saying she didn't do very well.
 We're really bristling, aren't we?
 Could it be that she didn't try and write sponge cake?
 She just misspelled sponge carcass.
 Sponge cake.
 What, what is that in, Jane?
 You know how interesting the purchase of a sponge cake is to me.
 That is a way more interesting letter to be fair.
 Virginia Woolf said that one of the reasons that she was so popular
 is there are 25 elderly gentlemen living in the neighborhood of London
 who resent any slight upon her genius
 as if it were an insult to the chastity of their aunts.
 Wow.
 And that's a lovely sentence.
 She's equally brilliant writer.
 Virginia Woolf.
 I know it's so sad.
 They're both so fantastic and yet didn't like each other.
 Well, it wasn't that many opinions on the show table.
 They will come in the years after my death.
 A woman who is crap.
 And I will call her Virginia Woolf, but spell wool from her.
 But didn't Charlotte Bronte hate her as well?
 I'm sure it's a quote from Bronte that said,
 "I read that and I recognize no love that I've ever known."
 I can imagine the Bronte is not getting along with her.
 You were all howling on a moor somewhere.
 Very different vibe.
 But wasn't it that when the Brontes came out they were really popular
 and Jane Austen went out of favour for all of them?
 Completely out of favour.
 And actually, I think it's partly only due to cinema that she's back in.
 So silent movies, very bad.
 Improvised comedy.
 Oh, yeah.
 We have affected her sales quite heavily.
 Silent movies, I think, would have been terrible for Austin
 because it's all conversation.
 I think the first adaptation was 1940, a bright impression.
 Yes, an amazing film, black and white film.
 Starring Laurence Olivier.
 Yes.
 Lizzie Bennett.
 First of all.
 There's been some amazing spin-offs.
 I don't know anyone looked into this.
 I mean, obviously the Austin industry, myself and Andy are employed by,
 is huge.
 And there's lots of fan fiction and lots of people writing other books.
 So I just looked up, like, top of the top 20 of other books.
 There's just, like, definitely not Mr Darcy.
 Prom and prejudice.
 Colonel Brandon Styrie.
 Pride and prejudice.
 And zombies.
 Mr Darcy takes a wife.
 Pride and prejudice continues.
 They read titles from my show.
 Wow.
 Like, they are incredible amounts.
 I read that a lot of people do this fan fiction
 because there's not enough sex in the actual version.
 Yes, a lot of it is sexy.
 Darcy's passions, Pride and Prejudice we told through his eyes,
 by Regina Jeffers, I think is a little bit more sexy than her stuff,
 because she doesn't really go into it, it has to be said.
 Darcy and Elizabeth, nights and days at Pemberley.
 Oh, really?
 These are all available to my guys.
 More nights and days are right.
 Hot nights at Pemberley.
 Mr Darcy's undoing a Pride and Prejudice variation.
 Do you know her sexiest line, maybe,
 or the line that most overtly refers to sex?
 No.
 It's pretty--
 It's a list of sponge cocks.
 I would like to see sponge cocks square pants.
 The kids TV show.
 Oh, my God.
 This is just a real classic Jane Auster line.
 It's in Mansfield Park, Fanny Price, the main character.
 Fanny Price is the root name.
 It's Fanny.
 It's Fanny.
 No, it's a reference to her getting pregnant.
 And the sentence is just about, it's one of the last sentences.
 It's about how Fanny Price now has been to come into some money
 just after they had been married long enough
 to begin to want an increase of income.
 Oh.
 That's not the rudest line in Mansfield Park.
 It is an overt reference to sex, though.
 Well, would you like an overt reference to something else?
 You know I would.
 It's in Mansfield Park as well.
 And there's a character called Mary Crawford,
 who's a bad, bad girl.
 And she's talking about the admiralty.
 And she says she used to know a load of admirals.
 And she says,
 "Of rears and vices, I saw enough."
 Of rears and vices.
 And vices.
 "Of rears and vices."
 "Of rears and vices."
 "Of rears and vices."
 "Of rears and vices."
 Which are both kinds of admiral, but they're also both references to something else.
 I don't get it.
 So vices as in woodwork.
 Yes, okay.
 "Rearers in the back of the room."
 Yes.
 Yeah, no.
 And that's an incredibly filthy line.
 That is quite raunchy.
 I don't know.
 People are, the academic community is divided over whether it refers to Sodomile or Spanking.
 But it's one of the two.
 I find it hint that Mary Corpid is a very saucy, not, not nice lady.
 And that's our main character in trouble.
 So that's what she's doing.
 A good character study.
 She could have said that she's known a lot of seemingly.
 And without that spelling, she had to play that quite obvious.
 You can play Jane Austen role playing game now, which I really want to play.
 I want to play life.
 Yes.
 So if you don't want to book out for ostentatious.
 No, there's this online role playing game and it sounds really fun.
 I think I saw that at the video game.
 Yeah.
 You get to pick a character and then you have all these interactions.
 So some guardian journalist went and played it and started out by making this character
 who lost her handkerchief and then found it and then went for a walk and bumped into a gentleman.
 Although the writer did say that while she was going on this virtual walk,
 she saw a bunch of sheep stacked on top of each other.
 So some of the algorithms in the game need some ironing out, she said.
 Every ostentatious novel there's a discreet sheep stack.
 My lord will it be?
 The sheep are stacked so fine today.
 About ten years ago, an ostentbuff and an author sent off some of her manuscripts
 to various British publishers, seeing if you could get them published.
 And he made very slight changes to the title and the characters.
 And the pseudonym he used was Alison Lady as an A Lady, which is an ostent's pseudonym.
 It was not the world's greatest pseudonym.
 He's the guy who runs the Jane Austen Festival in Bath.
 Well you know him well.
 They all rejected the manuscripts and only one of them spotted the fact that it was almost identical to Austen's work.
 He got one letter back from Penguin, he just sent them Pride and Prejudice.
 And they wrote back saying thank you for your recent letter and chapters from your book First Impressions.
 It seems like a really original and interesting rite.
 I'm going to say I really do like Penguin though, don't you?
 I'll show them around the corner.
 Excellent publisher.
 Oh gosh.
 Amazing.
 And thank God they haven't spotted the art book.
 It's just a complete rip-off of Bleek House.
 Okay, that's it. That's all of our facts.
 Thank you very much indeed for listening.
 We will be back again next week with another podcast.
 But until then you can check us out on Twitter. We are at no such thing and we will have individual Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @AndruHunterM, James.
 @JamesHarkin, Carried.
 @LadyCarried.
 And Anna?
 You can email podcasts at qi.com.
 Yeah, and if you want to come and see us on tour, we've just announced a whole new bunch of tour dates.
 We're going all over the UK and you can see that at qi.com/fishevents.
 You can also see our book.
 We're publishing a book which is coming out very soon.
 You can get that by going to www.i.com/fishevents.
 You can go to the ATG website or you can go to ostentatiousimpro.com for its last shows.
 And that has all the booking links for all our London shows and our UK tour as well.
 Lovely.
 Okay, we'll see you next week.
 Thank you very much for listening.
 Goodbye.
 Goodbye.
 [Music]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
