 Hi guys, just before we start this show, we wanted to let you know about last week's show,
 on which you might remember we had a few facts about Leonardo da Vinci that we were slightly suspicious
 about, and we just asked someone if they could get in touch and provide us with a reliable source,
 so that all these things that sounded too good to be true could be verified as true,
 and someone did get in touch to tell us that they weren't true. I'm afraid Leonardo da Vinci
 doesn't seem to have had a long and lustrous career as a chef, he may not have even made the giant
 whisk. We fell for a hoax. This is a hoax book that was written in the 1980s, it's called Notast,
 de Cocina, de Leonardo da Vinci, and it's full of lies, cruel lies that were then repeated in
 biography, after book, after History magazine, throughout the decade solely for the purpose of
 making me look like an idiot. Thanks so much to Pedro Almoda, who was the person who emailed in to
 tell us about that original text, and who also managed to avoid writing in huge capital letters,
 "You total and utter gullible morons." Very grateful to him for being so restrained on that front,
 and for letting us know, and I'm so sorry to the rest of you for saying these things that turned
 out not to be true, won't happen again. I promise the upcoming podcast is almost entirely true,
 okay, on with the show.
 Hello, and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming to you
 from the QI offices in Covent Garden. My name is Dan Schreiber, I'm sitting here next to Andrew
 Hunter Murray, and Edgesinsky, and James Harkin, and once again we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days, and in a particular order, here we go.
 Starting with you, James Harkin. Okay, my fact this week is that the least creepy job is that of a
 weather forecaster. According to you, according to a new paper from this year, in the journal New
 Ideas in Psychology, called "On the Nature of Creepiness" by two scientists called Francis
 T. McCandrew and Sarah S. Kerrnker. And what did they do that they personally meet up with
 creepy people? Yeah. No, what they did is they did a survey of 1,341 people, and they asked them,
 they gave them a list of a load of jobs and said which of these is the most creepy, and the top creepy
 job was clown, followed by taxidermist, followed by sex shop owner, now I'm friends with loads of those,
 hi, and then funeral director and taxidriver. Is that taxidermist because it sounds like taxidermist?
 Is that the confusion then? So this is only a small list of jobs, so there were 21 jobs in total.
 So things like weird butcher weren't on the list, which might be even the creepy of the clown,
 yes, weird butcher. You've got the normal butcher and then the next shop is always the
 weird butcher, who's always rubbing his hands on the awful. So who else is on the list?
 So the bottom three, as in the least creepy meteorologist or whether forecaster came least creepy,
 followed by teacher and then farmer, quite surprised by teacher because not that teachers
 are creepy generally, but you often would hear school children saying about teachers are creepy
 and stuff, maybe it's a survey done once people have grown up. In nowadays, everyone thinks of teachers
 being great because you think, oh, well, a good profession to be in. Sort of, everyone has had one
 creepy teacher though. It's sort of unfair to lump an entire profession into creepiness, isn't it,
 based on probably one person's experience, a weird physics teacher. I reckon I'd answered that,
 a creepy job was a hairdresser because I had like one creepy hairdresser once, and then I think
 that affects your view of the whole profession, doesn't it? Yeah, my parents are hairdressers. Yeah,
 that's the one we're talking about. Yeah. Your mum just really strange. So what is being creepy?
 Okay, so being creepy is kind of a feeling of unease about somebody, and it's interesting,
 I read this paper and they say it's not just that you feel like you're going to be in harm because
 if someone comes at you with an axe, you wouldn't say that's creepy, you'd say that's just scary.
 It's really creepy. It's so creepy, wasn't it? It's all my hand off, it's creepy, it's such a
 creep. We were talking about this the other day, that there's certain words that I get given over to
 sort of like murders and stuff that are just a bit too playground. So, copycat. Yeah, that's just
 like stealing my murders. You're nothing but a copycat. That's ridiculous. That's the same creepy.
 But yeah, creepiness is more like the potential to do harm, isn't it? Yeah, or actually, it's
 more like the ambiguity of whether someone might do you harm or might not do you harm.
 So yeah, maybe this is why, because I think this study also had the creepiest hobbies, what people
 found were the creepiest hobbies for people to have, and the top creepiest hobbies were collecting
 things, which I think that's, so the examples it gives are dolls insects and body parts.
 Well, I think the dolls insects, I'd be upset if I was loved in with body parts.
 It actually said that body parts such as teeth, bones or fingernails were considered
 especially creepy. So just a few more things from this study before we move on. They asked for creepy
 traits. What they did was they said, imagine a creepy person is talking to your friend, what traits
 might this creepy person have, and ones that they went for were the person stood too close to your
 friend. The person licked his or her lips frequently. Is that their own lips or the lips of your friend?
 And the person laughed at unpredictable times. I would put, sorry.
 I would put oscillating on there as well.
 It's oscillating as in kind of rocking. Yeah, just rocking. I find that a bit odd. I'll be in bookshops.
 There's always an older guy standing looking at a sort of the naughty section of a bookshop,
 you know, sort of like a romance erotica, and they oscillate. And I always say, don't go near an
 oscillating man. But is that more down to the position that he's in, as in he's in the in the sexy
 departments of the bookshop? Like if he was oscillating somewhere else in the bookshop,
 would it be less weird? Because actually like sexual predation is one of the things which
 people associate with creepiness of course. That is creepy. Did you guys see that on the list as well
 was bird watching, bird watches. It was quite unfair. And a guy who is a bird watcher
 wrote an article on his website called Aldobon. And he just wrote, he said, I'm just going to step away
 from my usual articles because I need to address this creepiness thing. And he said, here are a few
 of my thoughts. Number one, first of all, only squares. He's the term bird watching. It's birding.
 So that's a serious birder here. Yeah, he sounds like not a square. He sounds like he's a cool guy.
 And he says, and he says as well, like what they're not, what they're suggesting is that bird watches
 just stand there watching birds. It's not about that. It's about going to exotic locations. It's
 adventure. This man sounds misinformed because bird watching is not going to look for a rare bird
 that's twitching. That's the thing that the bird watching community gets quite annoyed about. So
 twitching are the people who are just in it for the excitement who they hear. There's been a
 weird parrot spotting in Cornwall and they get down there watching is sitting in your garden
 or in a forest all day, usually listening out for bird calls because you can't see. Well, he does say
 listening and thinking and anticipating. I can't wait for the letters after Anna said that this guy
 who writes a book. I know what I know on the website. On Audubon, which is the most famous bird watching
 website. Yeah, I think this is it's his site. He just to the final point. Number four is he says,
 you know, who I think the real creeps are here. These psychologists sitting around thinking about
 what's creepy all day, constantly asking people, do you think this is creepy? And how about this
 creepy? What a bunch of creeps. I think these scientists should get out of the lab a bit more.
 Maybe pick up a hobby. I know the perfect one. Slam, do you know who came up with the term the
 creeps? As in that gives me the creeps. Charles Dickens. David Copperfield, that's the first
 use that the Oxford dictionary has. Well, was it in reference to bird watches? It was not.
 And it also around that time mid-19th century creepiness was known as being clammy. That was
 another way of describing someone who was a creep. Oh, yeah, very clammy. Yeah. And so I think the reason
 just to explain why bird watching and it was bird watching and other hobbies that involve
 watching like the other examples given word, taking pictures of people watching children,
 pornography and bird watching. So you can't see why he was upset at being lumped in with those guys.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah. But this study, the study concludes by saying that creepy people are the
 personification of something called the prospect refuge theory, which is this idea that human seek places
 where you get refuge, so safety and you get prospect, so opportunity and basically what that
 means is places where you can hide easily, but you can see lots of other things around you potential
 threats. And I think maybe the idea of people who watch is that they're concealed. So a bird watcher
 is watching you, but often you can't see him if you're a bird. And that's why in like a Victorian
 house, we'd be creeped out because there are lots of nucks and crannies people could, you know,
 round corners that people could be hiding in. And if you're on a big open more land, people often find
 that a bit uncomfortable because there's no way you can hide. Sure. When I used to play laser quest,
 when I was a teenager, I used to like to hide in the corner so that no one could shoot me.
 Oh, you want to shoot them from where I was? Oh, does that make me creepy? Yes, and I also hate
 people who do that itself. Yeah, I know. Well, I was all with myself. Yeah, I played two weeks ago,
 laser quest. Wow, it was great fun. I'm afraid that's the extent of the fact. My fact this week,
 I'm back in the nine suits. Really good, it's great. So I think it was discovered by maybe Richard
 Wiseman did a study in the early 2000s and some of us before that that any area that has
 infrasound, any sound that's below 20 hertz, which is basically below the level of which humans can
 hear, makes us creeped out somehow, even though we don't know it. So he did this study in Edinburgh
 and he sent people to apparently haunted locations and to not haunted, but didn't tell them which were
 which. And they were more scared in the apparently haunted ones. And then he realised that's because
 there was this constant rumble. I think it was caused by the traffic, but it was just below that
 frequency at which we can hear. I'm sure this must be made up. I remember at school someone telling me
 that when Hitler did all of his speeches, what they used to do is before he came on, there was
 it was that kind of noise. So there was an unsettled feeling amongst everyone who was there for
 the speech. And then as soon as Hitler would come out, they would turn the sound off and the matching
 of the sense of calm from the sound disappearing with this person who you were there to see, it was like,
 ah, our leaders here kind of thing. Is that true at all? I've read that. I don't know if it's true. Do
 you think Theresa May is just getting to turn the machine off when she starts? Clowning was number one
 on the list of creepy occupations, right? Yeah. So the clowning community is very aware
 that they are being seen as creepy and they need to do something about it. So one of the things is that
 they teach people who are petrified of clowns not to be petrified by inviting them to come along and
 they give them clouncyling, they call it, and clouncyling sessions involve meeting the person,
 they then get done, they're made up done and stuff in front of them, and then you see them in the
 circus and you realize it's a normal person behind the clown face. Did you see this last few weeks
 in the news there have been some clown sightings in South Carolina? No, they're not native to South
 Carolina. That doesn't make any sense. What do you mean clown sightings? So they have been reported
 sightings of lurking creepy clowns that people have been telling the police about. Police in South
 Carolina have warned that anyone dressed as a clown could face a rest because so many people
 have been scared by these clowns. And at least one performer in Georgia has decided to inform
 police of his movements whenever in costume so that he doesn't get arrested. It's not, what's the
 what's the offense though? Because it's not an offense to be creepy. No, but there's reports of them
 kind of trying to get children into the woods. There you go. But here's the thing right, in 1981
 there was a very similar thing happening where people saw these clowns and they were supposedly
 kind of lowering children into woods and stuff like that. There was one one event where there was
 a clown who only had half his clown suit on and he was even more scary because he didn't have the bottom
 half on. He was naked from the waist down. But they had over 20 calls at this time and it was in
 the newspapers, but they found out that basically no adults had seen any of these clowns and they reckon
 that maybe it was just overactive imagination of kids and that was what caused it. Oh, okay. I'm scared
 of clowns again now. All that clownsling I had completely gone out there. Four years of clownsling.
 And actually these ones is South Carolina. At the moment I think no policemen has actually seen any
 of these clowns either. So they wonder if it also might be another kind of example of mass hysteria.
 That's another example of also a playground where it would be effectively what sounds like
 sexual predators out in the go. Those clowns, we'll get those clowns one day.
 I have one more creepy thing before we move on. Yeah sure. There was a news report about donations
 left to shelter Scotland homeless charity and they gave their weirdest and creepiest donations
 a mummified cat and a sack of creepy severed dolls heads with their eyelids glued shut.
 Yeah. That was donated to a charity. Don't let it do a charity. What possible use could you have
 in the charity shop? Sometimes the dolls heads fall off and you need a replacement. Well, I love
 these dolls heads but I'm afraid the eyes are just too open for me. No thanks.
 Okay, it's time for fact number two and that is my fact. My fact this week is that self-driving cars
 are playing grand theft auto in order to learn how to drive better. So this is
 scientists are basically teaching self-driving cars to identify stuff better and that's quite hard
 when you don't have a program that has things mapped out because you need it, you need to do it,
 you need to teach the algorithms to learn better to understand what every single potential thing
 you might encounter on the street is and they realize that instead of having to build all these
 programs that simulate a real life driving experience, why not use something that is extraordinarily
 detailed like grand theft auto and let it play it and let it just understand and start labeling
 all the things that you don't want to run over. There's this lab in Germany which has developed
 this. It's basically a software layer that sits in between the game and the car and the idea is
 that it's just automatically starts classifying all the things and feeding it into the algorithm.
 Do you think the game would be annoyed if it knew that it was being played by a not a human?
 What do you mean by that Addy? I don't know. I think you thought that was a more profound question
 than it actually was. It's interesting, you've got one virtual reality thing interacting with another.
 Yeah, it's pretty weird. So I read a list of how detailed grand theft auto is now.
 Some of the things that they've programmed into it if you were playing the game that you would
 notice. So if it begins raining puddles will slowly and realistically form in the road and if you
 shave your head or you have a clean shave your hair and stubble will grow at the same rate that
 say if it was mine, like they just calculated one person's growth. It's stuff like that they've really
 gone into it. But yours is quite fast growth. Yes, mine's a very fast growth. As if it was mine,
 it wouldn't be fast growth at all. So have they taken an average of everyone? No, I guess I guess
 they've just used one person's. It's the idea of hair growth. So it all... What are the cars going to
 do when they're put into real life and they come up against someone who doesn't have such fast
 growing hair? They're going to absolutely freak out. On the bright side people always get
 critical of grand theft also and kids playing it because it maybe teaches them to commit crimes,
 but it's quite safe for a car to play a game about stealing cars because a car has no incentive
 to steal a car. It's true, yeah. It's like teaching it about real life. This is what might happen to you.
 Yeah, it's a warning video. Yeah. There was, I read an article about someone who was in a
 Google self-driving car and they were saying that it's really interesting because the car uses a
 mixture of 3D laser mapping, GPS, radar and when they're using the radar, the radar goes through
 objects as opposed to just slapping onto something as it were. Like our eyes do. Yeah. When your eyes
 slap onto something. Yeah, but so as a result, there are moments when this person was in the car
 where the car would suddenly stop because it recognized a cyclist who was halted and they would
 have gone into it except for the fact that the cyclist was on the other side of a hedge. So it could
 see through the hedge to see a cyclist who was going head on the hedge. Big mist. What would it
 register that has? I don't think cars need to register a thick mist, do they? Pass a certain
 thickness, mist becomes fog. Okay, so a really heavy fog. I think my point stands. No fog has ever been
 so heavy to act as a wall against a car. So it would have to be what are you saying is that they
 don't use cameras. They use radar. Yeah. So it would have to be a fog thick enough to show on radar.
 Yeah. Okay. Like a fog of insects. Like sometimes if there's a load of insects kind of like mayflies
 all come at the same time. Right. They show up on radar. What about that, Anna? What about a plague
 of locusts or cicadas which is in the middle of the road? James, I don't know why you're trying to dig
 Andy out of this. It's very generous. Help me. Help me. I thought it was an extremely profound question.
 Google cars just had their first accident caused by a Google car rather than a person, I think.
 Fatality. No. No. I mean the smallest car accident you could possibly imagine. It was in February
 this year and it actually exposed something quite clever that I didn't realise they do which is they've
 trained Google cars to when you know when you're going along a main road and you need to turn right
 off the road and there's traffic coming the other way. So if you just stay in the middle of your lane
 then you hold up all the traffic behind you. So what you usually do is edge to the right hand side of
 your lane so that traffic can get around you and they've taught the Google cars to do that. So a
 Google car needed to turn right so edge to the right hand side of his lane but then spotted that
 I don't know why they've installed this in the area where they're training the cars but there's
 a bunch of sandbags blocking its route and so then indicated left to get back into the middle of the
 lane and it scraped up at two miles an hour against a bus that was coming on its left hand side so
 that was pretty dramatic. Was it in Britain this? No. I don't think it was. I think it was in America.
 So that would be turning left rather than right would it? It absolutely would be. I've said,
 so listen to what I just said and then swap round all the left and right and then you've got it.
 Have you seen the Rolls Royce one that they've developed? I'll put this up on Twitter but it's
 the photo on Twitter but it's worth you guys seeing right now. What's with what are you going to put it
 on? I'll put on QI podcast. This is a design that they're planning to actually release. Yeah, square
 wheels. It's a silver beast that looks like it's from the Jetsons. Isn't it? It's just listening
 to this. No, not on Twitter. It does not have square wheels. It's got sort of wheel guards on it.
 Yes. That's right. That's not just a car that's still mounted on its block. It looks like a
 monopoly piece, doesn't it? That's the best way to describe it. Is it real or is it a real car?
 No, no, it's a real car. Imagine if all the self-driving cars all look like different
 monopoly pieces. That'd be amazing. Oh my god, driving around it in old boots. Giant top hat,
 cruises past you. And what's the new one? They've introduced the car. It's the internet. You'd
 always swear at the cat, wouldn't you? Just new, fangled youth. Yeah, it's not gone down too well
 this car in terms of design. I like the design but they said in the article one reviewer, it's called
 the car, but ugly. And I think maybe a lot of people will agree, but I think there's a very skilled
 reviewer. It's got a real way with words. Well, the point of driverless cars, I think, of the design,
 for instance, the Google's going for is to make them look incredibly friendly because we're quite
 very nervous about handing us our lives over to robots, even though that's not really justified,
 we are. And that looks like a very intimidating car. So I think they've gone entirely the wrong
 direction. So that the Google cars, if you look at them, they've sort of made a face on the front
 of them. Yeah. Like a friendly face, the lights are a pair of eyes and then below the bumper,
 it's like a smiling now. Saps, they must take us for the these killer robots are smiling.
 Against true though, because you know the new London red buses, to me, they look like they're
 pissed off with me. Anytime I see one from the front of mine, that bus is angry with me. That's the
 drivers. And it's because you keep standing in front of them. So there was an interview with a guy
 called Barry Kirk, who was an expert from the Canadian automated vehicle centre of excellence.
 And he was very worried that people would start having sex in driverless cars because you're not
 driving. So what are you going to do? Like whenever I'm not driving, I'm always having sex.
 That's why the driving to sex driving away from sex or having sex or driving people away from sex.
 He was saying, yeah, he's reckoned that people will be in cars and they'll not be driving and they'll
 be like, well, what are we going to do? So we'll have sex. And he thinks that's going to be a problem
 because... All right, Mum. Every school run.
 But yeah, he thinks that this is a problem because when the humans have to kind of take over because
 something goes wrong, they'll be... They'll be having sex. Right. I'll be playing a board game.
 I'll be neatly folding a cardigan. And his post sex ritual. That's at this chat-up-like nice cardigan.
 I'll be folding that later. You know what, your cardigan would look good. Fold it up in a draw.
 Do you guys know how old driverless cars are when they date back to? Five years.
 Thanks. That's really sweet of you to do that because it's actually much longer ago than that.
 It's going to make my fact sound even better. Five thousand years. You do get it.
 No, so the earliest driverless cars date back to the 1920s. And actually, you'll see various
 articles refer to the earliest one as being called the Linrican Wonder, which was made in 1926.
 And it was radio controlled. And so there was someone driving in a car behind it who had a radio
 connection to the car in front. Then I looked, I searched in the British newspaper archive for this.
 And there's actually an earlier one that it referenced in 1921. So this was in Ohio. And again,
 it was the same idea. It was invented by this guy called Captain Vaughn, who drove another car,
 17 yards behind it and controlled it with a little remote control. Oh, wow. And the article
 said to the surprise and dismay of passes by, it made its way through the main streets,
 obeying the traffic signals, taking the turns and blowing its own horn at careless pedestrians.
 So you could also have an automated horn as well. Some things on Grand Theft Auto?
 Yeah, sure. So if you, you can get your character on Grand Theft Auto, look at the smartphone and
 open some websites. And Grand Theft Auto has more websites than North Korea.
 Wow. There are 83 sites available on the game. And there are 28 sites in the whole of the North
 Korean intra web. Wow. That they're allowed to go. The guy who voices a character called Michael
 in Grand Theft Auto, a guy called Ned Luke, he put on 25 pounds for the role.
 For the voice role. Wow. He's a method actor. And he said he wanted to really get into the
 physicality of this role. Put on some weight, dedication. That's amazing. That's incredible.
 If you complete the game, having found every peyote location, this is Grand Theft Auto 5,
 and complete the mission, the last one, without killing the Sasquatch first.
 And then you play another go of the game as Franklin on a Tuesday between 530 and 830, while the
 weather is foggy, then you can play as a bigfoot. That's awesome. That's so cool. There must be
 videos of that on YouTube. Probably. For a long time, it was a conspiracy theory
 between Grand Theft Auto players that you would be able to do this, but no one knew how to do it,
 and then someone just found out how to do it. You're describing that, knowing that you've never
 played it, and neither have I. It was kind of like listening to Grandparents talk about the internet,
 like yesterday, when my friend's mom asked me to send her an app of the show that I do.
 Yeah, just hearing you trying to pronounce all the words in Grand Theft also.
 Most of those words were perfectly normal, English words. You're just sounded not comfortable doing it.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three, and that is Andy. My fact is that Cucumber is a born with a
 hook in their upper beak, which is specifically for murdering their siblings. We all have that.
 Okay, that was creepy. So this is what's known, technically, as a morphological specialisation
 for sibling rivalry. So it's basically like having an arm just for hitting your brother with actually
 with my brother, that was his old arm. Well, are you stabbing yourself in the beak?
 Yeah, so Cucumber is, they have this thing where they always lay three eggs, and they hatch out at
 separate times. And in about half of Cucumber breads, the youngest one to hatch is killed by the siblings.
 And the siblings, they pick it to death normally, or they push it out of the nest, and it just helps
 the other two get to a larger weight when they fly the nest, which allows them to be more successful
 breeding later on. And it's basically done as an insurance policy by the parents, because
 there is a chance that one of the first two will die, and that will limit your reproductive success.
 So as a result, you have the third one just in case, but normally it's clear that it won't be
 required. So it's really fruitful. There are substitutes. It's like being on the bench,
 except at the end of the match, you don't celebrate with the team, you get killed by them.
 There's a few birds that do this, actually. Honeyguides, they do this. And one of the children will
 peck the other one blindly before it's even opened its eyes. So it's just been born still blind,
 and it just kind of blindly pecks around until it hits its brother or sister and then just murders them.
 And is it as it definitely know what it's doing, or is it kind of just like I've just been born,
 I'm just feeling around. It is not just birds ever know what they're doing.
 It's not an accident. I mean, I think you can really defend the accidental repeated killing
 of your siblings, just saying you were flailing around. Yeah, definitely. I wouldn't say it's an accident.
 Okay, so they mean nice. So for instance, black Eagles do this as well. And once they were studying
 them and they found that one of the larger eglets pecked the smaller one, 1,569 times before it died.
 So you couldn't really call that an accident. Right. There is a thing about Eagles. This is bold
 Eagles, I think, but it's really interesting. So they have, again, three checks. And the first two to
 hatch, they have this massive dose of testosterone in the egg yolk. And there's a scientist from the
 University of Oklahoma called Douglas Mark, who said, I think this is brilliant. The yolk is like a
 bagged lunch that the kid takes to school. You can either give your kid a lunch packed with steroids,
 so he'll be abrooted by recess, or you can give him peanut butter. And so the third, the third one
 born doesn't have the huge mega dose of testosterone. You'd be called in by the teachers, saying your
 son's lunch box today was a bit the youngest with the peanut butter. That's fine, but old steroids.
 That's not an acceptable lunch. So this is also cruel about it. Is the parents sort of deliberately
 set the situation up? And sometimes the kids will be fighting and the parent knows which is the
 weakest, the one which needs to die, and will hold that one down so that the others can get at it.
 It's a really bad example to be setting your children, I think. Yeah, it is. Do you know
 otherwise what about kookaburras? Is that the female who gives birth can controls the timing of when
 she lays the eggs, and that's part of her strategy. So by timing them so that the eggs hatch at different
 times, it means that they're slightly different sizes the kids, so it sets up some to be able to beat
 the others. But also the first egg that she lays is male, and the second egg is female. So the first
 egg to hatch is male, second is female, and the third is 50/50. You could go either way. Lucky dip. Yeah.
 Wow. And that's strange. You know kookaburras used to be called the ha ha pigeon. Isn't that the best
 nickname? I thought they were called lapping jack asses. They get called that, they have a lot of
 names. Yeah. The breakfast bird, because they have this really loud laugh, and it sounds like
 they got called the settlers clock. Well hang on, hang on. Why, you started explaining why they're
 they're called breakfast and they have a laugh.
 - Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait,
 You do have to finish these sentences.
 I think Ha Ha pigeons the best though.
 There's a very famous Aussie song that we used to sing as kids, Cookebosits on the
 old gum tree, very classic song.
 And I was reading about that song because obviously it is very famous and I googled it and
 what came up was that there's an Aussie show called Spix and Specs, ages ago this happened,
 Adam Hills was the host and it's like never mind the buzz cocks of Australia.
 One of the questions was which song, which famous song has Cookebosits on the old gum
 tree in it and the answer was "Men at Works" "I come from a land down under."
 Now no one had made that connection before and so the people who own the rights to the
 song Cookebosits on the old gum tree got in touch, sued men at work and won and $4.5 million
 roughly in that region after years and years of them having to battle it out in court got
 handed over and they lost the case and they proved that there were two flute moments in
 it that copied the lines from this song which was written by an Aussie school teacher and
 then handed over to a library.
 That's I bet they felt bad to ever set that question, yeah, I know, it would have been Adam
 Hills I imagine, yeah.
 Just a headline I found which was sausage-redicted Cookebara "too fat to fly" I thought I'd
 share that with you.
 And yet you didn't read the full article which I did.
 Oh I did, well yeah.
 We all read the article.
 So we've done.
 Some links you just can't not click, she was a Cookebara and she became very fat but from
 sausage handouts.
 It's the article said.
 The article really is kind of summed up quite well in the headline there is nothing to do.
 Yeah reading was quite disappointing, there was very little more to be gained.
 Well it gets attacked by dogs at one point and then people notice it.
 It's because they smell like sausages.
 And someone thought oh no the poor thing it must have broken its wing and been able
 to protect itself from the dogs and it's just been eating sausages so it can't fly away.
 Did you read that thing?
 Someone sent this to us.
 So I think Mark Abrams had retweeted it, Mark Abrams of the ignoble prize had retweeted
 it and it was from Errol Flynn's autobiography.
 I saw the tweet but I didn't read it yet.
 Okay so what did you read Andy?
 It's basically he suddenly says it is autobiography that he started experimenting on ducks.
 He's like I did a lot of scientific experiments on ducks and he had read that if you gave ducks
 a bit of pork.
 So I'm just going off Cookebara's eating sausages.
 If you gave ducks a bit of pork it immediately goes through those systems within like two
 to three minutes they put it out on the other side.
 So he had a thought of what if I tied a bit of string to the pork and let it go through
 the duck and he did and so it went through and then he gave another bit of pork to another
 duck and another duck and he basically created a string of ducks.
 A duck centipede.
 A human centipede.
 Exactly duck centipede and he used to charge people to come and see his scientific experiments
 and people would come and watch duck centipede.
 This is awful.
 It's in his autobiography, it's got centipede around on Twitter.
 There are some plants which engage in cyblicide.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 So there's a tree in India called the Delbergier or Delbergier tree and it makes all these
 flat pods full of seeds and the seeds get dispersed by the wind.
 It gets spread around so you get more trees elsewhere.
 In the seed pod the very first seed to develop produces these chemicals which gas all the
 other seeds in the pod.
 Wow.
 And it means that it is much like clear to be the one which survives.
 It's not crazy.
 A very clever one.
 Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show and that is Anachazinski.
 My fact is that the first ever mention of paper recommended it as a cure for frizzy hair.
 How does this cure work?
 Great question.
 Well I don't think it does.
 Oh.
 Is that one?
 Sorry James.
 I read this in a book called Paper Trail by a guy called Alexander Monroe which is such a
 good book.
 Really readable.
 Really interesting.
 And he cited this bamboo document which was found in a Chinese tomb in 217 BC and that
 document uses the Chinese for paper in it for the first time.
 But the context in which it uses it is it says if a man's hair without reason stands erect
 like worms, whiskers or eyebrows.
 Yeah, I know, I don't maybe worms with different back then.
 If a man stands erect like a worms whiskers or eyebrows, he would have encountered a bad
 spirit to resolve this boiler hemp shoe with paper and the evil will be dismissed.
 That's when paper paper first came into our lives, he has been boiled with a shoe.
 Wow.
 Amazing.
 So this is the word it's g, is that how you pronounce it?
 True.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, is that H.I.
 True.
 Okay.
 And I'm also reading a book about paper at the moment by Mark Kolanski and he has another
 time when they use this word very early, it was in 93 BC and it wasn't when a guard advised
 a prince to hide his deformed nose with a piece of paper.
 Did he draw a more perfect nose on the bit of paper and just hold it up?
 Didn't save it.
 That would make sense.
 I like when they do scaffolding on buildings and they put on the outside of the scaffolding
 what the new building is going to look like.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Yeah.
 For a nose.
 That's what I clever.
 My mom said when she was a kid, the queen was once visiting the area, she grew up in a Manchester
 and their line of terraced houses, they decided the cows upside looked a bit skanky and so
 they put covers on all of their houses, they stopped all in covers so the queen would think
 they were nicer.
 Well.
 Yeah.
 That's amazing.
 Yeah.
 How weird.
 Like a Potemkin village kind of thing.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 They might as well have just not taken it to Manchester.
 They might just take it apart.
 Take it to Bab and say, "Oh, this is Manchester."
 "Oh, it looks a lot like Bath."
 Oh, no.
 So paper in China.
 There's a thing in China, it's a sort of tomb sweeping day basically.
 It happens every year and you take paper money, fake paper money to burn at your ancestors
 great.
 Yeah, I used to go and do that.
 Did you?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 And so is it stacks of...
 I didn't have any ancestors myself, so I just had to use other people's ancestors.
 Did you?
 Yeah, yeah, honestly.
 It was a thing.
 It was a big day, though, in Hong Kong.
 Yeah, so you buy them a monopoly money and you burn that.
 It's money for the dead.
 It's a specific currency for the afterlife and you burn it by the grave and it's...
 Did the other people not mind that you were doing it for their ancestors?
 Oh, I went with friends.
 And also, there's a lot of grave yards where it's kind of unmarked tombstones and stuff,
 belonging to the Prophet God in person.
 Yeah, was it only money that you were burning then?
 No, because in Taiwan, is this what you're going to say?
 We've now started burning cardboard iPads for their ancestors so that they can have them
 in the other world.
 You get helicopters and whole models of houses and plastic servants, you get, you burn
 a plastic servant.
 So they do that.
 They do that largely for funerals as well in China and Taiwan, Hong Kong.
 What they do is they build replicas of the things that you had in life and maybe give it
 a bit of an extension so that you can bring it into the afterlife.
 So I've seen it go by.
 You see these huge.
 It's like giant pinata kind of things and they bring it, yeah, to all the cremations and
 so on.
 It's amazing.
 That's so cool.
 Yeah, do is that you get that in the next life, is it?
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 So they will make exactly servants and little, little, you know, Cadillac cars and all
 that sort of stuff.
 That's amazing.
 Yeah.
 So about the history of paper.
 The fact that we have paper now, a lot of it is thanks to Buddhists.
 So when they first started making paper, a lot of it was used for kind of holy books, but
 if you think about it, a Jewish book like the Torah would be just read over and over again
 the same book.
 If you look in an old Torah, it's like really well worn.
 It will be well read.
 Christian books would only be read by monks.
 So they don't really need that many of those and the Koran you would just memorize, so
 you don't really need many of those.
 But in Buddhism, you kind of helps you to reach enlightenment that helps you if you just
 copy things out lots and lots of times and in order to do that, it's better to have a cheap
 writing material and that's where paper came in or one of the reasons why it proliferated
 so much in the early days.
 Very interesting.
 Oh, that's so cool.
 And we should say we're talking about tree-based paper because you've got papyrus, sorry, tree
 or rags here because you've got papyrus which is earlier and is made of reeds basically
 and you've got loads of other styles.
 And actually, when he says tree or rags, this definition of paper that Munro uses isn't
 rags.
 He says specifically that paper needs to be plant-based and it needs to be properly pulped.
 So it can't even be plant-based and sort of flattened out.
 Paper for him is pulped, plant-based.
 So that's what the paper in my original fact refers to.
 Okay.
 The bizarre thing about the invention of paper which happened probably in like 100 or 200
 BC is what you're doing is you're taking bits of plant material.
 You're mushing it down so you release all the cellulose which is inside it and then you're
 adding water and spreading it out and then the cellulose meshes together and becomes paper.
 But no one discovered cellulose until 1838.
 So how do you come up with this idea of making paper?
 It doesn't make any sense.
 That's cool.
 Because yeah, that's it.
 It's all these very, very long fibers that you get and it's better if you boil down your
 tree pulp rather than chopping it up.
 Yeah, yeah.
 In the shortness of the fibers loads.
 It was very popular for making kites in China, ancient China and there was a fifth-century
 Chinese emperor who ordered that people should be executed by attaching them to kites and
 having them fly away, which I don't think would have worked in reality but that's what he
 instructed.
 Ah.
 Yeah, nice.
 What a way to go.
 Quite a nice way to go, I suppose.
 Everyone's singing "Let's Go Fly a Kites" as you are.
 That would have been a morbid ending to Mary Poppins.
 Actually, one of my favourite things about paper has always been that paper was invented
 by wasps long, long before it was invented by humans and actually wasps taught us how to
 make paper.
 OK, are you reading my notes?
 You have to explain this.
 Do you mean white Anglo-Saxon Protestants?
 No.
 I wasps that make their nest out of paper essentially and they do it by chewing up wood and pulping
 it like we do and then exuding it in the same process.
 Wait a minute, we don't chew up the wood to make paper.
 Oh, is that not how you've done what my notes were?
 That's why they're a bit damp.
 But it's kind of it was.
 So it's the same process basically.
 It's exactly the same process and in fact, when I say they taught us how to make paper,
 they taught us in the west how to make paper because we were thousands of years behind
 the Chinese in this.
 So this was in the 18th century a French scientist called Rene Roumure in 1719 saw observe these
 wasps making paper nests and he wrote down in a book saying, I think we could use this.
 We could make paper like this as well.
 This seems like a really good thing to do, but never actually tries it.
 And then I think about 50 years later a guy called Jacob Schaffer read his book and thought,
 yeah, good idea.
 I'll give it a go.
 And he made paper that way.
 I definitely had paper before that, though, because the Mars brought it over to Spain in the 11th
 century or so.
 Yeah, that's what I thought.
 So I wonder if it is exactly the same process or if it's, I think it might be a different
 moment process.
 The amazing thing is that wasps do not, to this day, know what cellulosis is, incredibly.
 They retain the capacity to make paper.
 Do you think we're going to be the equivalent of speaks and specs here where a wasp is going
 to be listening to our show, realizing the amount of money they're owed for this invention?
 So for rag-based paper, cotton-based paper, they needed ammonia to make it.
 And so you would get rag men in lots of large cities going door to door saying, do you have
 any spare urine?
 Yeah.
 That was the thing.
 And people almost always do if you wait long enough.
 In fact, I would say that all urine I produce is spare.
 And that is treachery in all the old paper mills. It wasn't just the ammonia of the urine.
 They would make the paper out of old rags.
 And that would come from like soiled clothing.
 And so you would go to a paper mill and it would be the smells of soiled underwear and stuff
 and the smell of urine.
 And that's basically what it would be like.
 Wow.
 Great news.
 I've just shacked wet myself.
 I'm a paper magnate.
 Ooh, what's toilet paper made out of?
 I was going to say, but if you've pissed yourself, is that then going into, is it like a secure,
 there are two kinds of blue paper.
 So there's what they call virgin blue paper, which is made of tree pulp that has never been
 used for anything before.
 It's only been turned into blue paper.
 And does that have Richard Branson's face on it?
 And Jeremy Cobb in sat in the toilet, but there's no way for me to sit in here.
 So the other kind is recycled blue paper, which is not recycled blue paper, it's recycled
 things like office paper.
 Yeah.
 The other thing about these paper mills is at night time they would close them because they're
 really noisy.
 But then often they, you know, if they're in a big order, they go all night and everyone
 would complain.
 But they close them at night.
 And then children would crawl around the machinery cleaning their little bits and pieces.
 And then in the morning they would get hauled out, dried with rough cloths, spanked to remove
 numbness from their skin, give it a large glass of wine and set to bed.
 That's the life of a paper billboard.
 Wow.
 Wow.
 Sounds sort of fun.
 Yeah.
 It's spanking in wine.
 It sounds like 50 shades of gray.
 Okay.
 That's it.
 That's all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you would like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said over
 the course of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Streiberland, Andy, Andrew Hunter M, James @Echshaped and Anna.
 You can email podcast@QI.com.
 Yep.
 Or you can go to our group account which is @QIPodcast or go to our website.
 No such thing as a fish.com where we have all of our previous episodes and no such thing
 as the news.com which has all of our previous TV show episodes.
 We will be back again next week with another podcast.
 We'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 [Music]
 (upbeat music)
