 We run it on QI a few years ago.
 Yeah.
 And which was, there's no such thing as a fish.
 And it's not such thing as a fish.
 No, seriously, it's in the Oxford Dictionary of Underwater Life.
 It says it right there, first paragraph.
 No such thing as a fish.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Hello, and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish.
 This is a special episode in which, rather than having strictly
 just the QILs sitting around the microphone this week,
 we've got two special guests.
 We have a comedian from Brooklyn, New York, originally
 from Boston, Alex Edelman, who amongst interesting things
 you've got going on, it's you've got a current text
 relationship with Lindsey Lohan.
 You once severely angered Neil Armstrong and a lift.
 Yep.
 What else is there?
 There's plenty more of this stuff.
 And we're also joined by the historical consultant
 from the Horrible History's TV series, Greg Jenner.
 Who outside of that, if you hang out with Greg Jenner,
 as Alex will know, at any kind of social event
 is mod, like a rock star, basically.
 You just have groupies.
 Yes, fans coming up to him.
 Are you having a relationship with any American celebrity
 females?
 Sadly not.
 George Washington's the person I get.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So also joining us, we have James Harkin.
 And doing all the fact checking, as we go along today,
 is Anna Chazinski, oh, and I'm Dan.
 So we should start by saying that this is the first time
 you've been to the office, Greg, to the QI offices.
 This is not the first time Alex has been.
 Alex is-- you're almost like a part of the family now.
 I'm going to try to cut down, because I--
 Well, and you're going back to America tomorrow.
 Yeah.
 I don't think that counts.
 I'm trying to cut down.
 But I'll be back.
 I'll be back at the end of this month.
 Basically, as soon as Alex comes in the office,
 that's the end of work for the dressing room.
 Well, you know, the thing is, this office is like the--
 is like what I would like the inside of my mind to look like.
 Just neatly ordered and filled with facts, all categorized.
 Like, literally, I feel like you could find any fact
 in this office, because there's a lot--
 Well, there is just a lot of books, there's a lot of folders.
 There's-- we've got the internet.
 And everyone's like, yeah, I'm going to say--
 I'm going to say, technically, it can just be a closet
 with a laptop, and that would still hold true.
 So OK, well, so as this is a special one,
 maybe we'll start with-- yeah, we'll start with you, Greg.
 Oh, good, at least we'll say one.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, let's begin with the sort of rambling
 you can go here and--
 Yeah, I read the excerpt.
 That's what I would say.
 The excerpt.
 Well, just give us what--
 It's your favorite thing that's kind of on your mind
 this week, the thing that you've learned.
 This is my first week off after writing my book,
 my first of a book.
 So I'll just try and pull up.
 I think it comes up next year.
 Are you allowed to say anything about the book?
 Yeah, I can tell you the title.
 Yes.
 It's called One Million Years in a Day.
 Stone Age to Phone Age is the range.
 And it's sort of structured around a modern age.
 That's the range.
 That's the range.
 That's the range to Phone Age to Phone Age.
 That's the group is just the medium.
 No, I thought-- I just-- something I just--
 I put in the book and I thought it was quite an interesting fact,
 really, that the earliest known dentistry is 9,000 years
 up.
 This is back in theolithic, really.
 So like, mammoths were walking the earth with sensors.
 Like, yeah, he's--
 [GROANS]
 So we're talking here in--
 I suppose, modern day Pakistan.
 That's what we call it.
 It's a place called Miggard, I suppose.
 It's not my pronunciation, it's not great.
 But archaeologists have found teeth which have been drilled.
 And they've been sort of, you know,
 it's the earliest, really, sort of fillings
 or or early drilling technique using a bow drill, which
 is, you know, just a sort of wiggling bit of sharp stick,
 which is a technique used, really, for jewelry.
 So not even teeth cleaning because I knew
 that the Egyptians had a foreshare toothbrushes.
 Oh, yeah.
 Even reparative dentistry goes back there.
 So this would be medicinal dentistry.
 This would be pain relief.
 Yeah, I guess it's an obvious thing.
 Because their people would have been in so much pain, wouldn't they?
 Yeah.
 Although I remember reading that, like sugar cane sugar
 came in relatively late.
 So people didn't have as bad teeth in the early time
 as they have today.
 It's interesting, actually, there's been a couple of major studies
 in past couple years that are shown that's not really true, actually.
 There's an awful lot of dental wear and tear.
 Wear and tear, but also it's sugar based, actually,
 because there's quite a lot of sugar in natural fruits and so forth.
 Oh, yeah.
 And obviously, if you're not brushing your teeth every day,
 it will build up.
 Is it complex sugars that really do harm you?
 Yeah, I mean, the worst dentistry in history,
 I think, if you were to sort of elect an era,
 I would say probably the 18th century, the Georgians.
 The 18th century's where dentistry begins as a modern discipline,
 but it's also where really dentistry teeth were at that worst.
 If you look at portraits, no one smiles.
 Yes.
 And so all the first ever smile, I can't remember
 as a female artist, a French female artist.
 I think it's in Le Brant, I think maybe.
 Could you check that out?
 Marie Le Brant, perhaps.
 It's a really famous painting, and it's very controversial,
 because I think it's a self-portrait.
 I think she's grinning.
 Wow.
 And it's the reason you didn't grin before,
 because your teeth were so bad.
 Your teeth were all fun.
 Who is it who you're in for mouthwash, was that?
 The Romans.
 The Romans.
 Wow.
 Wow.
 Who's that just me?
 Romans brush their teeth, to send its dentists.
 They use rides.
 I mean, the Egyptians didn't do dental surgery, particularly.
 They were very good dentists.
 They were the first known dentists in human history,
 the first named dentists are Egyptian.
 They were.
 They found, I think, in 2006, I think they found a tomb
 with three named dentists on the wall, sort of written in.
 So they were like a company name.
 You should be a scientist for shulmen.
 Yeah, like dentists of the Pharaohs.
 And they were royal dentists.
 So they were sort of official dentists to a Pharaoh,
 and these three guys were clearly sort of official tooth
 products.
 There was a recent meta-study done on Egyptian mummies.
 I think 40% of them might be wrong.
 I think 40% had serious dental disease.
 Wow.
 And dental disease could kill you.
 My father's a physician.
 And he says something really interesting,
 that historically, the people who get the worst care
 are the famous and the wealthy.
 Because what he's being ironic, what he's saying is typically
 famous people have been killed by over-medicating or over-operating
 or too much complex treatment, like as soon as the body
 will repair itself.
 We talked in an earlier podcast about James Gaffield,
 who was a pro-deter, a lot of dirty fingers,
 and the moon, and stuff like that.
 My father gave a TED talk on it, which
 is actually really interesting.
 His name is Eliza Adelman.
 So I wonder if those pharaohs were receiving
 a lot of dental attention or a big getting such rich food
 that they were in there?
 Well, that's the big question, so the quality of food,
 obviously, is going to affect things.
 I mean, let's see.
 The iceman found in North Teruvian Alps.
 He had really, really messed up teeth.
 What was the fact that you were saying about the baseball player?
 I can't remember his name, but he was a baseball player
 who had to be taken out of the game
 because he bit himself on his own ass.
 And what happened was he slid into the final base,
 and his false teeth fell out and learned about it.
 I'm sure you know about it.
 So what we were saying, though, is that he
 must have been in his 20s, right?
 But yeah, there he was with a full set of false teeth,
 because that was a thing that happened.
 Had his teeth been knocked out?
 It was in the 1920s.
 Apparently, he was called Clarence Blethan,
 and he's now called Clarence Climax Blethan.
 I don't really understand how it was born there.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah, in a really particular gimmick.
 Yeah.
 No teeth you say.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Oh, Alex, I have to tell you, just as an American and a baseball fan,
 if you don't know this, it's my favorite baseball fact.
 So, you know, Lou Gehrig?
 What, and a disease?
 Exactly.
 You really should have seen that one coming.
 Yeah, yeah, absolutely.
 So this is what's fantastic about it.
 Turns out that Lou Gehrig didn't die of Lou Gehrig's disease.
 So the disease named after him, you didn't have--
 There's an interesting Wikipedia list
 that people have been killed by already deceased people.
 My favorite one is someone killed, not by a deceased person,
 but by deceased animal, a really notorious poacher in Montana.
 This is a story that people in Montana like to tell.
 And like, this poacher outside of Helena,
 he was really famous for shooting deer,
 and people told him that there was one particular deer
 that he'd never be able to get.
 And he wounded it a whole bunch of times.
 And finally, he spotted on a bluff
 across over over him, and he shot it,
 and he turned around and celebrated.
 And the deer bounced all the way down and landed on him, and killed him.
 And the deer survived.
 Oh, wow.
 That's fun.
 Yeah, the guy didn't.
 We should move on to another fact.
 Yeah.
 Just quickly.
 Yes.
 So it's by, obviously, Greg was right.
 I mean, he's a historian about the first ever smile
 in a portrait was in 1787, but it was quite funny.
 The corp gossip sheet, at the time,
 said, "An affectation which artists, art lovers,
 and persons of taste have been united in condemning,
 and which finds no precedent among the ancients
 is that in smiling, she shows her teeth."
 So, you know, pretty outrageous.
 I found an amazing collection of photos
 from a period pre-smile, where they did all the grim, kind of,
 straight face-looking.
 And it's outtake photos, where the families crack up,
 and they're laughing.
 And it's so interesting, because it's the first time
 where you see the real personalities.
 And that's so interesting, I'm going through, yeah.
 Where they're just, they're properly laughing out loud.
 And clearly, the person's like, "Well, this is unusable."
 Yeah.
 Like, you don't look creepy, and you don't look solid.
 Yeah.
 Like a smile.
 Yeah.
 This is rather a dip, Michael.
 I'm not as if you were looking.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 All right, let's move on to our second fact.
 I want to throw in my fact here, particularly,
 because I want to hear your thoughts on this, Craig.
 It's a theory from a guy called Dr. Hans Ulrich Neymitz,
 which is that the Middle Ages never happened.
 Oh, wow.
 So it's a thing called phantom time theory.
 It's basically his alleges that it was just made up.
 Are you sure that the guy is Dr. Hans Ulrich?
 Yeah, I know.
 A lot of people believe it.
 You know, obviously, a lot of idiots believe it.
 But according to them, 614 to 911 AD did not happen.
 Did not happen.
 We're going through it now.
 What is the basis for this theory?
 This is not the case.
 It thinks it's a conspiracy of the calendar.
 Brilliant.
 Yeah.
 And so what his suggestion is, as well,
 is that the things that were supposed to have happened
 in the Middle Ages, people at the time
 removed them from that bit of history
 and created a fiction of these 300 years.
 I think he said Charlemagne just never existed.
 What was a fictional character?
 So basically, half of the things that you do for a living
 just--
 My mouth is degraded, yeah.
 It's a fictional-- yeah.
 I'll give you some direct sort of from this article.
 It seems that historians are plagued by plethora
 of falsified documents from the Middle Ages.
 Some documents forged by the Roman Catholic Church
 during the Middle Ages were created hundreds of years
 before their great moments arrived,
 after which they were embraced by medieval society,
 this implying that whoever produced these fraudaries
 must have very skillfully anticipated the future.
 Or there was some discrepancy in calculating days.
 Well, houses.
 So where does he stand on the Vikings?
 [SIGHS]
 [LAUGHTER]
 One Vikings.
 [LAUGHTER]
 They did not burn their limits, but they didn't know what happened.
 In this one, it wasn't a fact that it was just he just didn't
 happen and--
 Yeah.
 And I was shot in a man, and I was shot in a man.
 Alfred the Great was just--
 No, I didn't say it.
 He says that maybe Alfred the Great was
 in a different period of time.
 Maybe the Vikings, you know, maybe they were just
 the year before.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So he stops at 9/11 to see--
 9/11 to see--
 He stops at 9/11.
 9/11?
 No, he stops at 9/11.
 No one likes his various theories.
 9/11 is the year that the Vikings conquer Normandy
 and become the Normans.
 It's Rolo, King Rolo, who found the Normandy
 on the levels that the Vikings become Normans.
 And the Normans, of course, become
 William the Conqueror, and that becomes our first dynasty
 of English medieval kings.
 So 9/11 to good year.
 But this goes with the thing that you like, Dan, which
 is that if you come up with an idea or a conspiracy,
 then you can always seem to fit in--
 You can find facts into whatever your theory is.
 And you can imagine, if you said to him, what about the Vikings?
 He would have announced--
 He won't have an answer, yeah.
 But if I know--
 If I know the analogy in the Bible, isn't it?
 People sort of try to find patterns in the Bible.
 And you sort of go, you do realize it's
 been re-translated in loans of time.
 So all right, final question, then.
 Is there any truth that the militias didn't happen?
 I would be deeply, deeply absurd.
 I mean, you're going to say--
 Well, I mean, say, do you really?
 Yeah, I would, actually.
 I'm just going to stick with my life when it makes this thing.
 No, I'd be, I'd be intrigued.
 I mean, it's true.
 We should be very deeply suspicious and skeptical of the past,
 and one of the things that historians do
 is we rigorously interrogate documents.
 And we'd always try to disprove them.
 We're trying to apply that sort of scientific methodology
 of saying, how do we know this is true?
 And that's what great scholarship is.
 But you don't destroy all things.
 You're just trying to question them and say, OK.
 And obviously, there were problems with forgeries.
 A monastery, for example, would be given land,
 and they would lose the document.
 And then a king would turn up going,
 great, I'm having a land back.
 And they'd be like, no, no, no, no, no, no.
 This is ours, we've always had it.
 So they'd forge a document.
 And then we get the forgery.
 Great.
 I read that, you know, Andara, the country.
 They have a constitution.
 But it's in a safe in Andara somewhere.
 And a lot of historians think that it's fake.
 Really?
 You heard that from them?
 No, I haven't.
 Breaking what's in, like, it doesn't exist at all.
 As in, yeah, it's a modern reproduction
 because they don't have the historical basis
 that they think they have.
 Because it was one of those states
 that came in to buffer from the 15th century laws.
 Yeah, the Italian laws.
 If it were to be true, this phantom times thing,
 which is 110% not, yeah.
 Then what it would mean is, I mean,
 no new scholarship is emerging.
 A new scholarship is emerging all the time.
 Yeah, it is.
 So it would be insane.
 But it would also kick off a really interrupt
 with a carbon date.
 Yeah, I was just thinking about that.
 Yeah, yeah.
 We use historical documents to try and ally up
 with carbon dating.
 And you use carbon dating to try and ally up with historical
 documents.
 You try and play them off against each other
 and try and find a cross-reference.
 And that way, if they go to agree,
 you kind of go, all right, maybe that's legit.
 With Richard III discovering the car part recently,
 the carbon dating there can sort of give you
 that specificity scientifically,
 which then legitimizes the documents
 that told us he was there.
 Yes, OK.
 So then we can kind of go, ah, these are OK.
 Maybe we can look at them closely for something else.
 So that's a way of verifying.
 It's a way of verifying.
 Because you're using the scientific method
 to sort of say, OK, this is the archaeology's legit.
 So maybe the history's OK.
 Physicists like to use really old lead
 for their experiments because it's quite--
 it doesn't react with as many things,
 but that means they're trying to use a lot of archaeological
 items to make their experiments.
 Yeah, I've heard about it briefly.
 I don't know if that's--
 I mean, it just makes sense, wouldn't it, maybe?
 Yeah.
 But then, yeah, it's not really great to feel
 as someone else's stuff.
 It's Richard III.
 Can I borrow that from someone?
 I've got an experiment on, just, you know,
 and even all King.
 Yeah, so I should imagine that James was right,
 that er, though, is a theory, which, in fact,
 sounds quite well-founded that the Andoran Constitution
 is a forgery, although this isn't a book.
 So apparently, it came from Charlemagne.
 It was signed at the Independence of Andoros.
 This document--
 Oh, we all know Charlemagne, didn't it?
 I think we've established that.
 I think we've established that.
 Otherwise, I'm reading it in a book where they've
 spelled-- it's a book.
 It's Andorra Business Law Handbook,
 but they've spelled Charlemagne, Charlemagne.
 He's a dog.
 He was a dog with a therapist.
 I don't know.
 I don't know if Charles's worthy though.
 OK.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 All right, so we're going to go on to--
 We'll do Alex's respect now.
 Alex?
 My fact is, it's about the most medically indispensable
 sea creature in the United States is the horseshoe crab.
 Are you aware of the--
 No, go on.
 It's a wide, wide claim to make, isn't it?
 Yeah, how does that work?
 Well, so the horseshoe crab lives
 in the very bacteria-rich coastline shallow waters
 in the ocean.
 So in the early '20s, they were sort of seen
 as a nuisance, and they were ground up, and used as fertilizer
 and stuff, in fact, to pegs.
 And now, every year, a half million horseshoe crabs
 are harvested, and they're brought into factories
 by one of five companies all along the eastern coast
 of the United States.
 And they're blood alive.
 And their blood is baby blue.
 And if you can find a picture, it's incredibly interesting.
 And this blood-- it detects any malignant, dangerous bacterial
 undertoxins, even at a concentration of one part per trillion.
 So the FDA requires that all drugs,
 all new drugs that are brought to market
 be run through this horseshoe crab blood.
 So every single person in the United States
 who's ever had an injection of any kind
 has had a drug that's been tested in this LAL test.
 Oh, that's amazing.
 That is incredible, yeah.
 It's unbelievable.
 And the blood per quart is $15,000.
 So they don't kill the crabs.
 So that's like--
 So people love that.
 Yeah, they just leave them.
 And then they take them on a boat all the way out to sea
 so they don't reharvest crabs that they've already taken.
 They look like a great holiday crew.
 They make us have done a really good thing.
 But they dumped these guys really far out.
 And they noticed that less and less of them
 are coming back.
 Well, you don't kill something when you take a lot of its blood.
 It does make it more lethargic and less likely to make.
 But yeah, so that's to me.
 That's very exciting.
 Then that's really cool.
 Yeah.
 That they have basically the best immune system of anyone.
 They do.
 We can use--
 Yeah, my favorite crab.
 Have you heard of the samurai crab?
 No, but it sounds like a movie.
 No, it's very exciting.
 It's very exciting.
 So it's--
 Basically, black and black sideways.
 Yeah, yeah.
 There was a superstition that samurai warriors,
 when they died, were reincarnated as these crabs.
 Because a lot of these crabs that came up
 had the pattern on their shell of a samurai face.
 That's brilliant.
 And it became an evolutionary thing.
 So it's the samurai pattern that became the--
 That is brilliant.
 Wow.
 And so they would throw the ones that looked like a samurai
 back into the ocean.
 That's brilliant.
 Are there other stories of animals
 selectively surviving like that?
 So I was wondering--
 Why do dogs are supposed to be a bit like that in cats?
 In cats?
 Cats domesticated themselves.
 Because cats, when they me out, they
 don't me out to other cats.
 They only do it to humans.
 Oh, really?
 They've selected to me out just so that we
 would think they're little babies.
 We domesticated dogs.
 We deliberately took wolves.
 And when-- please stop biting me.
 I like it when you're dog please.
 And the amazing thing is that you can domesticate an animal
 really, really quickly.
 There's a Russian scientist who did it in the '50s with foxes.
 I think he was-- what was his name?
 Things would be, I think.
 Beardina, for some reason.
 He took foxes, feral, wild, angry foxes,
 trying to eat his face.
 And he just bred them and bred them and bred them.
 I was always taking the most docile cubs
 and bringing together.
 Belli-ai.
 Belli-ai-ai.
 Belli-ai-ai-ai.
 Belli-ai-ai.
 Belli-ai-ai-ai.
 That's one of the brilliant answers.
 Belli-ai-ai-ai.
 But he bred them together so that you
 ended up with these sort of more increasingly docile creatures.
 The only thing that he discovered was that when
 you breed for physical characteristics,
 it also creates a personality chain.
 They became more sort of dog-like, more sort of fluffy-tailed
 and more sort of willing to follow around.
 But they also changed--
 Or sequious.
 But they did, yes.
 But they sequious foxes.
 They're sequious foxes.
 But they will also change their personality and demeanor
 and the fact they'll respond to calls and so on.
 And they did that in like 10 generations.
 That's all it took.
 There's been awful lot of genetic testing recently,
 because we can now do DNA analysis on animals.
 And we found that actually dogs are much older than we thought.
 So do we think that we got them for companionship or fighting
 or it's probably hunting companionship?
 Because we had pet bear.
 There was definitely at least one pet bear to be
 found in the Stone Age.
 Well, Byron had a pet bear.
 Byron did have a pet bear.
 Byron had a pet bear?
 He took it to Cambridge.
 We took it to Cambridge.
 Because he wasn't allowed a dog.
 So he was vivid in it, and he said,
 I can have a bear.
 This is before after he sounded the hamburger chainers.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Is that the most ridiculous?
 I'll wait.
 Someone kept a pet scorpion in a jar on his desk.
 I read this in one of your boxes.
 Yeah.
 I read that in one of the QI books, which are available
 in fine-box stores everywhere.
 Yeah.
 Probably the same books as Greg's book
 will be available in next year.
 Yeah.
 Oh, they have all the workshops.
 Yeah, I think.
 Talk about them sequestries.
 [LAUGHTER]
 An extraordinary effect of this sort of dog thing
 to be an extraordinary thing is we obviously
 domesticated dogs because to do that,
 you have to sort of take a wild, feral wolf
 that is trying to kill you.
 And gradually tame it.
 But it's not taming.
 It's breeding it.
 You take your runt of a litter, and the runt of a litter,
 you bring this together, and gradually you breed them,
 and you create a new animal.
 And that is the dog.
 The amazing thing is that the oldest dog breed in the world
 is only a sort of 1,000 years old or something.
 Roman dogs don't exist anymore.
 So when you find a Roman dog at Pompeii,
 which we have found one, that breed no longer exists.
 Doesn't exist anymore.
 Wow.
 But--
 Is it because they die out?
 Well, the breeding program has changed,
 and you have sort of different needs of them.
 And animals are constantly evolving and changing,
 and we breed them in different ways.
 And George Washington bred dogs.
 George Washington bred the American fox sound.
 He took a French fox sound from the monkey to the fiat,
 and an English fox sound, and he bred them together
 and created the American fox sound.
 Wow.
 And he was really obsessed with this.
 He was sort of typical 18th century gentleman.
 And I'm like, I'm going to breed an animal.
 But the amazing thing is cats domesticated themselves.
 The oldest known cat, I think, is from the Shaila Boros,
 I think in Cyprus.
 I think it's about 9,000 years old.
 Is there any truth to the story when people attach cats
 to their shields to the Egyptians?
 Yes.
 I love business, the battle.
 I think Pallucian, I think, is top of my head,
 because the Egyptians believed cats to be holy and revered.
 They had huge cat funeral monuments
 with like millions of buried cats.
 If your cat died, you shaved with your eyebrows,
 and you would take your cat to this holy city of cats.
 They found a lot of mummies, didn't they?
 Mummified cats, like a million of them.
 A million of them.
 A huge one, yeah.
 And the city, I think, was called Bubastis.
 Named after the, I think, might have made that up.
 There was a definite city.
 And they would bury the cats and they'd shave off their eyes.
 It was working out for a time, by the way.
 It was all right.
 Then they'd never want to interrupt such a thousand tabs up.
 But it was a great, and they'd hear what they'd say.
 And they'd hear what they'd say.
 It's called Bubastis.
 It's a good idea.
 Good idea.
 I wanted to make up some random natives.
 But they worship cats.
 And there's a famous story that a Roman soldier,
 who's in his chariot, and he ran over a cat.
 And he was killed by an angry mob.
 But then in the middle ages, people thought that cats were evil,
 didn't they?
 And they thought they thought they were witches' familiars.
 But they used to be burned alive as well.
 Louis XIV, for think.
 Yeah, he did want to burn himself, didn't he?
 No, they didn't.
 And he used to be ceremony through the monsters' pie out.
 They used to be stoned.
 They were eaten alive.
 He's not alive.
 He's eaten alive.
 How do you eat cats?
 I eat cats.
 You keep a lot of decoying them all.
 Man, you just grab it.
 I guess you hold out the legs and just start tromping.
 I don't know.
 They've gone from gods to being evil.
 Yeah.
 And now we just put them on the internet and laugh at them.
 We'll be gods against them.
 We'll be gods against them.
 We'll be gods against them.
 We'll be gods against them.
 We'll be gods against them.
 Okay, listen to that.
 I'm going to quickly do my last effect.
 I found that we have 28 people that we know slept with Queen Elizabeth for first.
 And that they were all women.
 Whoa!
 What?
 It's when you say "slept with"?
 You mean "slept in the same bedroom"?
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 Well, it did not sound right to you.
 Same bedroom.
 In the same bedroom?
 Yes, same bedroom.
 The interesting thing about Queen Elizabeth, I actually made a documentary
 for two out of five years together.
 It was awfully ridiculous.
 Well, we sort of went, "Did she have a lot of child?"
 Yeah.
 I did she or...
 Well, no.
 There was a remiss she did.
 Spanish used it, it's propaganda.
 Obviously, I don't think she did.
 But you can't listen to her first.
 She probably didn't spend more than five minutes of her life alone.
 She was constantly surrounded by people everywhere she went.
 She was born on princess.
 She was always going to be a princess.
 And then she blew the coin and then she died.
 So, you have ladies in waiting who, of course,
 would sleep in the same room as her.
 You'd have sort of trouble beds at the bottom of the bed usually.
 They would sleep in or maybe...
 By beds, like...
 More of a sort of a pull out little...
 Oh, like the cupboard.
 Yeah, like under beds, like, you know.
 But these people didn't really have any kind of private space.
 But the queen can never go like, "I want some alone time."
 Maybe, but we don't only records for that.
 And you know what else?
 I don't think this time period ever existed so far then.
 So, what does this fact mean then?
 Does it mean that she slept with way more than that?
 Basically, it's a way of bringing up this interesting fact
 that the monarchs would have sleeping partners
 before companionship and for safety and whatever.
 I read that Gandhi used to sleep with naked, female virgins
 to test his chastity.
 So, they would lay next to him in bed.
 Wow.
 Yeah, and just so he could be like, "Mmm, look how awesome I am."
 Look at nothing.
 I don't want to knock Gandhi on our show, but...
 Oh, not Gandhi.
 That's weird.
 No, but maybe he was caught the first time by his wife.
 He's like, "Oh, my God, you're having a ferry."
 He's like, "No, no, honey, hey, I am testing my chastity."
 Yeah.
 You're going to...
 Yeah, I'll do it every night.
 Right?
 But there's a nice story.
 I think it's in the Bible.
 You might be able to help us more here on "Resonant Jew."
 But it's...
 King David, I think, has a woman called...
 Is it Abishag?
 Who...
 Abishag.
 I think she's...
 She's the official human water bottle.
 He gets really old.
 Wow.
 Yeah, and just the woman that he cuddles with.
 Exactly.
 And she's a young, beautiful, beautiful virgin
 and she gets in the bed with him
 and her job is to warm him up at night.
 And the whole time.
 It has an interesting translation
 to 20th century care of U.S. presidents.
 Yeah.
 And this is mentioned in my father's Ted Med talk,
 which I didn't mean applied to much.
 Considering it's probably only got like 20 views
 'cause it's a Ted Med talk.
 We'll post that.
 We'll post this talk.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 It's almost the top.
 But Eisenhower had a lot of heart attacks.
 Just like constantly having heart attacks.
 Like, you wake up and you go to a doctor
 and the doctor's like, "Hey, you had a heart attack, wasn't it?"
 And like, he was prescribed a prescription
 that he snuggled with Mamie Eisenhower.
 But that basically was his, like,
 it was a fair prescription for a long time
 that literally to have like a cuddle buddy
 would calm him down.
 Would calm anybody down.
 Yeah.
 But like, it was, it was, it's been prevailing knowledge
 up until pretty recently that having someone to like snuggle,
 like Teddy bears, there was, there are some papers
 that in New England, they used to circulate a lot
 'cause I guess New England is where I'm from Boston
 is like, I guess Teddy bear sort of started in Vermont.
 And again, I'm sure a QI question is where I'm from.
 Teddy Roosevelt.
 Yeah, we think so.
 Do you really?
 Yeah, do you think the Teddy bear Teddy Roosevelt?
 Yeah.
 Yeah, it's 1903, isn't it?
 It infuses the shooter bear.
 Is that right?
 He's hunting and he refuses to shoot.
 Yeah.
 And Kermit Roosevelt was the first westerner to shoot a panda
 or something.
 Really?
 Really?
 I might be wrong about that, so.
 I'm just an interject.
 I'm just Kermit.
 It was Kermit and Theodore.
 Teddy's son.
 And they shot the panda together.
 So they both agreed.
 They both shot.
 Yeah, they both shot with their separate guns.
 They both claimed to be the first westerners to kill giant panda.
 The kill giant panda.
 Isn't that touching?
 Yeah.
 Oh, not notes.
 And then it's home.
 Yeah, we should wrap up now.
 But if you want to ask any one of us any questions about things we've spoken out today,
 you can get me on and try and learn things.
 Yeah.
 I'm on @XShakes.
 And Alex will be on.
 I'm Alex Underscore Edelman.
 And this was all Twitter talking about by the way.
 Grace.
 I shot it into the end.
 Alex Underscore Edelman.
 He will appear.
 Yeah.
 Oh, Greg.
 Greg.
 We're on the store, Jenna.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 And there's not on Twitter, but she can be got on @Clikipedia, which is the main UI Twitter page.
 We're going to have a bunch of photos, I guess.
 And a Ted Med clip up on the QI.
 Oh, my father's going to kill me.
 Dotcom/podcasts.
 That's where you can find it.
 Thanks so much for joining us, guys.
 So that was another edition of No Such Thing as a Fitch.
 I'm going to call it a special title, No Such Thing as the Middle Ages.
 That's going to be the...
 Oh, but that'll be like on the iTunes thing.
 Yeah.
 Alright.
 Cool.
 Alright, thanks everyone for listening.
 Catch you next week.
 [outro music]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
