 (upbeat music)
 Hey, Club Fish members, it is Dan here.
 Welcome to your bonus compilation episode.
 This is all of the outtakes, all of the bloopers,
 the tangents, basically all the bits
 that didn't fit into the main narrative of the episodes,
 but stuff that we didn't wanna get rid of,
 and so we've brought it all together
 here in one handy compilation.
 But before we get into it,
 I just wanna remind anyone who hasn't seen the news,
 we're doing a couple of live shows very soon.
 We are gonna be playing the London Podcast Festival,
 and the fun thing about this is usually it's just a gig,
 and I believe the two gigs are actually sold out,
 if you wanna be there physically.
 However, we're gonna be live streaming the gigs.
 Now in the past, I know this has been really fun,
 because as you're watching the live stream,
 you can actually comment underneath
 as the show's going along.
 It's a really cool way of meeting fellow fish listeners,
 if you've not done that before.
 So why not check it out?
 The link is on our website.
 We're doing the fifth and sixth of September.
 We've partially announced the guest,
 who's gonna be joining us on the sixth,
 and that is Richard Osman.
 So that's gonna be really awesome.
 We'll be announcing our other guest very soon for the fifth,
 but as I say, tickets are available.
 You can watch it as it's happening live on stage.
 So we've also got another live show announcement coming up.
 We'll be announcing it at the top of this week's show,
 so keep a listen out for that,
 in case it happens to be in a town near you.
 And that's it for the admin.
 So let's get on with it.
 This is a big old chunky compilation episode.
 Here we go.
 Yeah, you mentioned Braveheart in this time,
 and the Battle of Sterling Bridge happened then.
 I like this from Wikipedia.
 The Battle of Sterling Bridge is depicted
 in the 1995 film Braveheart,
 but it bears little resemblance to the real battle.
 Most egregiously, there being no bridge.
 But that is the time when supposedly,
 the Scots lifted their kilts and showed their bums.
 - Interesting.
 - To scare the English,
 but we have no evidence that that happened.
 There's no contemporary evidence that happened,
 but we do have a 14th century account
 of the English doing that against the Scottish.
 - Really? - During those wars.
 - Dropping their trousers. - Yeah.
 - Really? - I don't know.
 - In the Chronicle of Peter Langtoft,
 they mentioned the English doing that.
 - No way. - I don't know.
 - And did it scare the Scots,
 or did it make them think, "Oh, open target?"
 - I think we haven't seen before, you know.
 - Yeah. - We've all got them, you know.
 (laughing)
 Why are they triangular?
 - High ends. - Yeah.
 You know how they've got the point at the front?
 - Yeah. - They shape like a boat, basically.
 - Yes, yeah, good question.
 - I think to carve a route through the clothes,
 much like a boat through the water.
 If they were shaped the opposite,
 it would be harder to do the ironing.
 - I think so. - I think so.
 - Why don't you try doing it backwards the next time?
 - That's a really good idea.
 That's a really good idea.
 - And why is the shape-- - Yeah, why is the shape
 - I'll end up with my shirt on, back to front.
 That's your nightmare.
 (laughing)
 - My pants on your head.
 (laughing)
 - Be frantically searching for the why.
 (laughing)
 - We used to have double pointed,
 back to front reversible ones,
 which would save you having the whole trousers
 on your head, pullover.
 - I see, like a sort of--
 - It looked like a leaf, I suppose.
 - Like a canoe.
 - Or a canoe, yes.
 - Keep the bolt analogy going.
 - Yeah. - Yeah.
 Which we should do throughout.
 And these were the most popular irons
 from about 1870 to the 1930s, '40s,
 when electric irons came in,
 and they were invented by this woman called Mary Potts.
 So she basically invented the iron
 that people were using in the late 19th, early 20th century.
 And she got lots of patterns for it.
 So she made it hollow, so it wasn't as heavy.
 And it also didn't get so dangerously hot,
 'cause she filled the inside with wool
 or something non-heat conducting,
 'cause people were constantly burning their hands.
 And she invented the removable handle.
 So you could constantly have,
 you could be heating up one iron
 while you were using the other,
 and then you could swap the iron onto the handle.
 - That's really clever.
 - Oh, wait, why can't they both just have a handle?
 Sorry, I've been really stupid.
 - 'Cause the handle would probably heat up, right?
 - Get super hot, yeah. - 'Cause the only way you can't,
 yeah, it's like when you cook an egg,
 sometimes that handle, you gotta let go.
 - I don't hold onto the pan
 all the way through the cooking process.
 - What? - You've got to grip
 the rim of the pan with both hands, ideally.
 - As the saying goes, a held part always biles.
 - John Harvey Kellogg.
 - Okay. - Oh.
 - Cornflakes pioneer and anti-fiddling around
 with yourself advocate.
 - Go back to early episodes
 to see what the hell that's referring to.
 - Yes. - We won't tell you
 which one, weighing through all 580.
 - I believe he invented an early sunbed.
 He believed it could cure almost everything.
 And there was a big thing of sun therapy,
 and high-altitude sunbathing in particular,
 'cause it gave you supposedly more unfiltered ultraviolet rays,
 which was especially good for you at the time,
 as we now know is not the case.
 - It's weird 'cause there were some truths
 to this idea at the time.
 I guess Kellogg thought that it filled your skin with blood,
 which drew blood away from your diseased organs,
 which wasn't correct.
 But the seventh did, in fact,
 install one of his sun baths in the palace in 1903,
 where you sat in a chair, which was fully enclosed,
 and it had 52 light bulbs around you
 that could glow any color for different health benefits.
 But at the same time that one of the first Nobel Prizes
 was awarded for discovering the benefits
 of light therapy on... - Tobaccoosis.
 - And TB, yeah, exactly. - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - Which was basically true, Niels Finnsen.
 Yeah, and then they opened lots of Solaria,
 didn't they, all over Europe,
 which were basically for patients who were sick with stuff
 where you had these amazing sounding hospitals,
 which the NHS would never fund today,
 but where you could lie in this room
 and the entire roof would retract on a sunny day
 so you could be exposed to the sun.
 Or giant balconies where your whole big bed
 would be wheeled out onto them.
 And that was good for you.
 But I don't know about the Kellogg shit.
 - I don't know.
 - It doesn't cure gout and constipation like Kellogg claimed.
 (all laughing)
 - If you go to the beach and you get a suntan,
 then it's mostly due to the sun.
 - Thanks very much. - Carry on, Professor.
 - However, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 1% of the radiation
 comes from stars beyond the galaxy.
 - Oh, that's great.
 - Because it's photons coming from, you know,
 from outer outer space that come onto our earth.
 And a certain amount of those photons will go into your body
 and they will cause your body to turn.
 - That's so cool.
 If you get a night suntan,
 and how, I suppose it would take too long.
 - I think it would take too long,
 given the number of zeros and that number.
 - So with that photon,
 that's traveled billions of miles across the universe,
 is that the end point?
 - Absorbs into your body.
 - You're the end point for this photon.
 - Pretty cool, that is pretty cool.
 - I mean, is that true?
 Is that what it would be?
 - Yeah, it would absolve into your body.
 - Wow, I read a thing as well that not only do we get
 that 0.0, 0.0, whatever it is,
 percentage of our suntan from the stars beyond our sun,
 but also from the leftover of the Big Bang.
 - Yeah, it's plausible.
 - Tan from the Big Bang, a Bangtan, cool.
 - That's pretty wild. - That's awesome.
 - Really good. - There was another one.
 This one definitely has some kind of meaning to it.
 So in Melanesian legend,
 they had two gods called Tagaro and Tsukumatua,
 and they shared the work of creation.
 But whenever Tagaro did something,
 he did it well, and Tsukumatua did it really badly.
 And so like, when they made trees,
 Tagaro made really nice food,
 and Tsukumatua's was really bitter, and stuff like that.
 Like Tsukumatua wanted to have men
 sleep in the trunks of Sego palms,
 but Tagaro thought, no, they should live in houses instead,
 and stuff like that.
 And when they created men,
 Tagaro said that humans should have anuses,
 but Tsukumatua said, no,
 they definitely shouldn't have anuses.
 And as a result, the ones that he made,
 swelled up and burst because they could not defecate.
 - And again, is the meaning, do the job properly?
 Do you work? - I think so.
 - Like, don't half-ass it, literally half-ass it.
 - It's like the yin, don't zero-ass it, yeah.
 It's like the yin and the yang, right?
 It's like you always have to have the,
 not good and evil in this case,
 but sort of good and not very good.
 - Right, right, right.
 And it's, yeah, yeah.
 I think we've just invented a new phrase.
 I think we can just say, you've no asked this.
 He's really no asked that project.
 I think that's good.
 - I think like the Basque language actually is quite good
 for onomatopoeic words.
 So words that sound like they're supposed to be.
 So, do you know what pill-pill?
 - Your medicine? - A pill, yeah, two pills.
 No, no, it's onomatopoeic.
 It's gonna sound like the big pill-pill.
 Pill-pill, a laser, a laser, a space laser in a film.
 Oh, that would be pew-pew.
 Oh, yes.
 It's the word for boiling liquid.
 Okay, nice, yeah, I see that.
 Terrain, pill-pill.
 Terrain.
 Say it again.
 Terrain.
 Terrain.
 Terrain.
 Terrain.
 Terrain, terrain.
 Terrain, terrain, terrain, terrain.
 It's the pink one, the theme tune.
 There we go.
 It's a word for bell-ringing.
 Okay, as in like, to ring, to ring.
 To ring, to ring, to ring, to ring, to ring, to ring, to ring.
 To ring, to ring, to ring, to ring, to ring.
 And what about this one?
 Cheez-ah.
 Cheez-ah, cheez-ah, cheez-ah.
 Cheez-ah, cheez-ah, cheez-ah.
 Cheez-ah, cheez-ah, cheez-ah.
 Yes, it's the word for Tom Jones.
 No. Did he sing that?
 I don't know.
 And it's the word for urinating.
 Cheez-ah, cheez-ah, cheez-ah, cheez-ah, cheez-ah, cheez-ah.
 It's like piss, piss-sink, I guess.
 Oh, not the sound that comes out,
 because I'd see a doctor if it's saying cheez-ah.
 I'm not sure.
 I think the first two are good.
 I don't quite understand that last one.
 I think actually maybe the word piss is quite onomatopoeic.
 Oh, yeah.
 It's quite fluid, isn't it?
 You're right, yes.
 Do you know the word bum is onomatopoeic?
 You mean our word, bum, that word itself.
 Oh, because it looks like a, the B on the M.
 That's not real.
 Onomatopoeic means it makes the noise.
 Yes.
 So it's like a fat noise, basically.
 Interesting.
 That's called the OED, anyway.
 What's it called then, what I've just mentioned,
 when a word looks like the object?
 I don't know if there's a word for that.
 I think it's called being made up.
 Bed looks a bit like a bed,
 because you've got the two posts at either end,
 and then you've got the curly mattress going all the way along.
 And famously, Dan said that the word golf looks like
 someone playing golf, because the O is the ball,
 and the L is the club, and the F is the flag.
 The word string looks like a long piece of string,
 if you laid it out in the shape of the word string.
 We need a word for this.
 Susie Dent, if there isn't one, make it up.
 They have strong links with the UK, actually, the Basque people,
 because there used to be ships
 which would import English coal to the Basque region,
 and then the sons of the Basque bourgeoisie
 would go to England to be educated.
 And that, James, is it true that there is a club
 called Athletic Club Bilbao?
 Oh, yeah, one of the biggest football teams in Spain.
 There we go.
 I think that team is because of that link with the UK,
 with England, which had obviously where football was being developed.
 Right.
 I think it's Athletic Bilbao.
 It's one of them down there,
 where they only have Basque footballers who play for them,
 certainly until very recently,
 that you had to live within or be born within 10 miles of the ground,
 otherwise you couldn't play for them.
 Pretty sure that's right.
 Nice.
 We used to get a lot of Basque iron from there,
 and they had the best iron in the world in the Basque country.
 In Hamlet, there is a line which is the mutinies in the Bilboes,
 and they're referring to the shackles,
 the Bilboes are the shackles that prisoners are using
 when they're in a boat.
 And that word Bilboe comes from the city of Bilbao,
 which is one of the biggest cities in the Basque region.
 And actually, it also is where Bilbao Baggins gets his name.
 Yeah, get out.
 Yeah, named after Bilbao,
 because I think that Tolkien got it from Shakespeare,
 but Shakespeare got it from the city.
 Right.
 That's terrific.
 Bilbao Baggins.
 He's a bit cooler, isn't he?
 Yeah.
 Bilbao Baggins.
 He's staying up late.
 He's having some delicious pintos.
 He's got a sexy Spanish accent.
 I like him better.
 Can I just tell you one more thing about a Canadian lake?
 There is a lake with an island in it,
 and the island in the lake is bigger than the lake.
 Okay, sorry.
 Mannequaguan Reservoir.
 It's in Quebec.
 Just how can that be?
 So it's a ring, quite a ring around.
 It's a ring around.
 Basically.
 It's an annular lake.
 So basically it was created by a meteorite,
 and then there was an upswell of land.
 So it's like a circular island and then a circular lake,
 but the lake is only just wider than the island,
 so the water is just the ring around it,
 if that makes sense.
 Very cool.
 It's like a kids' water park.
 Like a kids' water park.
 But how is the island bigger than the...
 Because the area of the lake is only the bit where the water is,
 which just goes around in the bend of water.
 Okay, okay.
 I thought you were saying that the island had grown
 like a mushroom and expanded beyond the lake.
 Well, the other thing is that...
 No, I didn't say that.
 But the other thing is that there's like a little mountain on it,
 so the surface area of the island would be more as well,
 because it goes upwards as well as flowers.
 That's very cool.
 Anyway, that's nice to think.
 That's where the water slide would go,
 top of the mountain, slide into the circular...
 The rubber ring.
 The Lazy River.
 The Lazy River, thank you.
 Baseball players also love sunflower seeds, apparently,
 in the USA, to such an extent that Major League Baseball
 had to ban sunflower seed eating during 2020.
 Why?
 Covid.
 Covid.
 That's the answer to any question where the word 2020 is in there.
 James, next time I'd appreciate a bit more hamming and hoeing.
 The littler!
 Was it something to do with the first six weeks of 2020?
 It was because players were spitting.
 When they chew, then they spit,
 and that was cracked down on,
 and they said, "We can't trust you to eat sunflower seeds and not spit."
 They also banned after-game showers, I presume, for the same reason.
 Because they spit in them?
 No, I don't, sorry.
 Too COVID-y, I guess.
 Too COVID-y.
 Too sexy.
 Too sexy.
 I don't think that was the worry, was it?
 A communal after-game showers?
 I think you were allowed to have a shower by yourself.
 I don't know.
 It wasn't too sexy.
 It wasn't like they couldn't help snogging each other as soon as they go in.
 I don't know what you think happens after a sporting event.
 I have never been close enough to a sporting event to find out.
 Is that as soon as the finder whistle goes, everyone's kicked off.
 I'm making it up.
 So far, everyone.
 Dylan Thomas and his wife, Caitlyn,
 they're an open relationship, so they were sleeping left, right and centre.
 They're three kids together and Caitlyn...
 With other people, right?
 Yeah.
 They were just sleeping, right?
 I quite like the idea of an open relationship,
 if it means you get to sleep a lot.
 Absolutely.
 That sounds lovely.
 Yeah, going around with a mattress strapped to your back.
 This is just for naps.
 Was it definitely open?
 I thought they always got pissed off with each other when the other one had affairs.
 I think he did a lot of womanising.
 He did shed loads of womanising.
 I don't know how much she did.
 She did a bunch.
 She said it was a miracle that her three kids were the children of Dylan,
 because it was touch and go.
 But I think it wasn't an open relationship.
 If you're only touching and going,
 it's not going to be the other guy's kids.
 Sounded out how it works, that's what Finn said too.
 Okay.
 But do you remember those TV shows that used to be on,
 where you'd call up in the middle of the night,
 and it would be a competition,
 you entered and you'd win a car or something?
 Well, you'd never win.
 Well, so there was one where there was this old man on the phone,
 he got through and it was always really easy quiz questions.
 And the question was like,
 "You'll win a car if you answer this,
 just tell me one word that starts with the word under."
 And this old man went, "Under milk would."
 And he didn't win the car because it's not a word.
 No.
 It's not a word.
 All right, it's under pressure.
 Also not a word.
 What?
 Cool.
 Number three.
 Singaporeans long hair, a famous band.
 Back when long hair was a symbol of resistance to the man.
 Hippies.
 What year?
 Hippies.
 Yeah, so do you know when that, roughly when it stopped?
 Yeah, when it stopped.
 I think it would have stopped in the early 80s.
 Okay.
 It happened, it stopped in the late 80s.
 Was it late 80s?
 Around the time of the war on piss.
 Oh yeah.
 Maybe once they entered the band,
 they thought we freed up our judicial resources to wage war on left-wing.
 Yeah, there was a Japanese guy called Kitaro,
 who was forced to cancel a gig in 1984 because of his long hair.
 Was he?
 And the BG's famously had to, they were given,
 you could sometimes get a pass, a long hair pass.
 And I think one year they came to do a gig,
 and they got 48 hour pass.
 Because basically they didn't want Singapore in,
 Singapore didn't want its own people.
 It just seems like after 46 hours,
 someone's chasing you with some clippers.
 Looks like Cinderella.
 They're running, they're running to the gates of the airport.
 The wonderful airport.
 Followed by the citizen man.
 What was the result of them if they got busted?
 Like, how bad is the...
 It does, I think you've got a large final,
 you've got a forced to cut off your hair.
 Oh okay, not death sentence.
 They're just running away.
 Not staying alive.
 Not staying alive, indeed.
 Yeah, I don't think death sentence for the BG's was there really.
 But then the next year, they weren't given a pass.
 So I think it might have all been a ploy this lot
 to stop the BG's coming back after they didn't like them the first time.
 There was, if you ever needed the government for anything,
 so let's say you needed to get some social security,
 or you needed someone to help you with some building permit
 or something, there would be signs that said
 "Males with long hair will be attended to last."
 So you just go to the back of the queue.
 Ouch, interesting.
 And long hair, the definition is quite stringent.
 All the Beatles would have failed.
 It's like long hair is the definition is if it covers your ears,
 or if it touches your eyebrows.
 Interesting.
 So Dan, I think if you didn't juice up your hair,
 or whatever it is you do with that front bit.
 I'd juice it up, yeah.
 I think that might have stretched your eyebrows.
 I wonder if that would trick them though,
 if you could, if you did juice it up into a quiff
 as you went through security.
 Yeah, I don't think so.
 I think they see through that.
 They probably see through.
 Or maybe a cool horn.
 Yeah, yeah, I mean it is.
 And you didn't go on.
 How interesting.
 You know, if you were in a public toilet in Singapore,
 you were legally required to flush.
 Really?
 Okay, yes.
 Like still to this day.
 I believe so.
 Yeah, right.
 It is, it is in the rule.
 The, I saw that and the fine from first fence is up to a thousand pounds.
 But there is a further thing that says that it is $5,000 for every day
 or part thereof during which the offense continues after conviction.
 So in theory, if you go for a wee and you don't flush,
 and then no one else uses that toilet for like three weeks,
 you'd have to pay $500 for each time in theory.
 Do they, do they rope it off and say you have to,
 you have to be the one to go back and do it?
 In actual fact, that bit of the law is due to another part of the,
 it's a public sanitation law.
 And that part is referring really to something else.
 It's like, you know, people digging up pipes when they shouldn't be.
 But technically, like according to the law,
 if you don't flush and no one flushes it for a year,
 you'd have to pay $180,000.
 And are there exemptions if it's the middle of the night
 and you didn't want to wake anyone up?
 I think that's fine.
 Did you hear about the experimental lakes area in Canada?
 I love this.
 No.
 Canada has so many lakes.
 They have set aside 58 in Ontario alone, specifically for scientific research.
 And they've spent 50 years studying these 58 lakes.
 And it's like a, it's like a scientific playground basically.
 So they study acid rain and they study algae blooms.
 And they, in 2018, they spilled 90 gallons of oil
 into one of the lakes on purpose.
 Because when you have an oil spill,
 normally people just rush there with like cotton buds
 and try and clean up the birds and clean up the oil and all of that.
 They were trying to work out how it moves,
 how do you deal with it, that kind of thing.
 Maybe it just sorts itself out.
 Maybe it just sorts itself out and that's what they found,
 that we've been wasting our time cleaning it up.
 Or estrogen going into the water,
 like synthetic estrogen in sort of medicines and things like that.
 What does that do to fish?
 Yes.
 Because it changes the sex of loads of fish and all of this.
 So they're like crash test dummy lakes
 that have massively improved water quality across the whole planet.
 Interesting.
 Because the results can be found and spread across the world.
 It's really cool.
 Nice.
 Well, there's also this lake which is super scientifically important
 because it seems to represent how humans have messed up the world.
 This is also in Canada and this is called Crawford Lake.
 It's 24 meters deep but it's quite small.
 And this is when, you know, there's this big debate
 about whether we're in the Anthropocene era yet.
 And so we, the Holocene has been in a few thousand years
 and then the Anthropocene is defined as the epoch
 where humans are having the biggest effect on the environment.
 And every new era, I didn't know this,
 every new era has to have a location, a place that represents it.
 And it was decided this tiny little lake in Ontario, Crawford Lake,
 represented it because it's so deep, it's so small,
 that the bottom waters don't mix with the top waters.
 So all the sediment that's been laid down on it over the years
 doesn't get messed around.
 So if you take a big bit of segment,
 a big cross section of sediment and look on it,
 you can see the mark of humans.
 So the first nuclear test immediately appears
 in your study of the sediment.
 When fossil fuels started to be increased in use,
 that immediately appears in the sediment.
 So there's a big thing, is Crawford Lake the start of the new epoch?
 And they've decided that, no, it's not.
 Right, okay.
 So they've decided we're not in the Anthropocene yet.
 We're not in the Anthropocene yet.
 If we were, it would be Crawford Lake, but apparently we're not.
 I feel like if they went for another lake
 that wasn't in the middle of nowhere,
 they might have worked out that actually we are in it.
 Well, we would have got more press at least.
 Yeah, if they had gone to the Aral Sea or something.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Yes.
 Or somewhere where, you know, it's all dried up
 or there's just radiation there or something.
 They're really strict about the definition of a new epoch.
 Yeah, yes.
 Yeah, it's a big deal, isn't it?
 Exactly, you can't just go naming them Willy Nilly.
 It does feel like we're there though.
 Um, oh, one of us, one of us around this table
 will have had it more.
 Golfers.
 I'm afraid not, James, let's sit back down.
 Will have had more, sorry, they experienced Paridolium.
 Will have experienced more Paridolia.
 And can we guess it based on knowledge of each other?
 Absolutely.
 It's got to be, I bet, golfers, idiots, or women.
 Don't feel like that.
 Um, maybe, maybe.
 James has ruled out.
 Oh, okay.
 Will James have it less because of his Affentasia thing?
 Face blindness.
 I don't know whether that means James has it less.
 I mean, he's all the devil in that Picora one time.
 So I think he's got it.
 Okay.
 I'll try and find the picture of that Picora
 and put it on my Instagram.
 Please do.
 Is it me because I wear glasses
 and the lenses might give me little,
 little different glamourizing?
 No, it's not.
 So let's, can we please wrap this up?
 Yes, all right.
 It's got to be women.
 I have two guesses.
 It's not just women.
 Is it people who eat sushi on the train?
 You normally see the back of people's heads
 as they walk away along the carriage from you.
 No, it's mums.
 It's mums.
 It's, it's, this is a study in a biology letter.
 Scientists showed 380 women, a collection of images,
 and the women who had given birth in the last year
 were likely to see faces
 and to perceive more face-like images in what they saw.
 And that might be due to more oxytocin.
 We don't know, but it might be sort of like
 the primitive nurturing instinct.
 They always say it's oxytocin, don't they?
 It's like, oh, my feet hurt.
 Yeah, it's oxytocin.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 But babies have it too.
 So babies will spend longer looking at collections
 of dots and dashes that look a bit like a face
 than random dots and dashes,
 even after a few minutes of life.
 So it's a really deep program thing,
 this face-finding software.
 In fact, even before life,
 depending on when you think life starts,
 abortions can't make this piece so much easier.
 I don't want the inbox.
 We have, the inbox is a busy place, Hannah.
 I'm so sorry.
 Yep.
 Even before they're born, babies have it,
 which I find extraordinary,
 because they've never seen a face,
 but they did an experiment a few years ago,
 where they shone a triangle of three lights,
 three lit dots, a woman's uterus, basically,
 through her skin,
 and they monitored what the fetus was doing inside.
 And if the triangle has the two dots on the top
 and the one dot on the bottom,
 then the fetus would move around
 and crane its head towards it to look at it.
 But if it had the two dots on the bottom
 and the one dot at the top,
 so oriented not like a face,
 the fetus wouldn't care.
 Wow.
 And it's never seen a face.
 That's, yeah.
 What's going on there?
 Unless it's got a mirror in there.
 What is going on there?
 Do they have to put it upside down,
 because babies are sometimes upside down in the womb?
 That's a really good point they must have,
 wasn't they?
 Yeah.
 Otherwise, the experiment is a complete wash.
 Oh, my God, Andy.
 You should write to them and check.
 A lot of people seem to leave bomb threats on sick bags,
 which seems quite an annoying thing to do.
 Over the years, there are constant articles of...
 Someone is misspelled, so I think in 2017,
 there's a fight from Sydney that had to be completely evacuated,
 because a bag said B-O-M, which doesn't...
 I don't know if you just seem they even meant bomb.
 There was another one that was found...
 Wait a minute.
 Was that not the one where they were going to Bombay?
 I'm sure there was one that that happened once.
 Really?
 Yeah, yeah.
 They wrote sort of like, M-A-N to B-O-M,
 because it was Manchester to Mumbai,
 and they saw the bomb and they thought it was a bomb.
 That's really funny.
 I think these guys were going to
 not Bombay, but I can't imagine that would have happened.
 Can I check?
 Is this people who are getting off a plane
 and are playing a kind of sick prank as they leave?
 They just write the word bomb on the sick bag and then they get off?
 We think so, yes.
 Which I thought the cleaners did a better job than that.
 But yes, it is, because there was another one that was found
 just after a flight had taken off from Sydney in 2004,
 and someone found a sick bag in the toilet that said, "Bob."
 Which I just think is someone naming their bag.
 Well, yeah, it's two dyslexic people,
 because both are spelled bomb wrong in both case, right?
 Well, yeah.
 One's missing the M and the other's missing the...
 Yeah, I mean, yes.
 But I mean, it could be that they weren't even trying to spell "Bob."
 In fact, so the plane had to turn around,
 had to be completely evacuated and landed back.
 Because they wrote "Bob" on a bag!
 Because they wrote "Bob" on a bag!
 I don't know.
 I know, it does seem over-cautious, doesn't it?
 And the stewards and stewardesses said afterwards
 that actually, apparently,
 they commonly use the letters B-O-B anyway,
 a slang for best on board,
 meaning "fitty" in Isle Sever.
 Oh!
 So actually, it could have just been a stewardess, right?
 People are always calling me "Bob" on the planes.
 Yeah, that's why.
 That's why I'm the fittest one on the plane.
 Yeah.
 But you also charter your own flights everywhere
 and you're the only passenger.
 These are the helicopter flights with your wife,
 or it's just you two.
 Do you know, there's a really cool thing that you can see online
 called lightningmap.org,
 and it shows you where basically every lightning strike
 is happening live on our planet right now.
 Where's our closest lightning star?
 Dan's actually got the app open right now.
 The closest to us.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Let me make my way back to...
 No, no.
 If Panama's there, we're in the other direction.
 Yeah, yeah.
 I was...
 Dan's going the longer way.
 I was going, I was going, yeah.
 Don't police.
 The route Dan thinks it's best to get from Panama to the UK.
 Yeah, man.
 Well, you're going to fall off the end-of-flat-earth dream.
 Ooh, it goes right round, mate.
 Now, that's South Africa.
 I'm trying because I'm trying to bring...
 I'm trying to do this...
 The pinchy thing to get it in.
 Come on.
 Oh, Columbus missed out not having you on board, mate.
 All right, here we go.
 Okay, we got it, we got it.
 Here we go.
 Okay.
 This absolutely captivating audio.
 I can see some in...
 It's all in a different language.
 That's in Albania.
 Oh, nice.
 All right, look at...
 If you're listening in Albania to us live,
 as this is going out, then watch out.
 A South of Tirana.
 Oh, really?
 So if you're in the North, you're cool.
 Okay.
 Apparently, we get 40 strikes every second,
 so more than 3 million lightning strikes per day on Earth,
 which is a lot.
 The worst sick bag of all time.
 This is, according to expert Danny Cahalan from Sydney.
 He's another baggist, I believe.
 He said the worst ever design was the 1970s.
 It's called the sick sack.
 And the problem is it's in an envelope itself,
 which makes it quite fiddly.
 Like, you're fiddling, you're getting a bag out of an envelope,
 you're opening...
 You know, it's often a quite old-time pressurized situation
 if you're throwing up on a flight.
 Yeah, you don't want to be opening.
 You don't want to have to get your letter opener out, do you?
 In 1928, they tried anti-air-sickness fumes
 throughout aeroplanes.
 Interesting.
 Really?
 And that was a mixture of oxygen and cinnamon smell.
 Oh, lovely.
 And hopefully not tonka bean.
 But they would send it through the plane,
 and the idea was it would stop people from feeling sick.
 Really?
 Did it work?
 Well, we don't have it today, do we?
 I don't think so, really.
 I think, really, in those days,
 people didn't really know what caused it.
 There was an article by a sum fund called the Guggenheim Fund
 who claimed that it was a psychological state.
 So, as in, it was just all in your head,
 and it could be cured by an increase in confidence in flyers.
 Maybe, I think I sort of buy that.
 Do you?
 No, trouble sickness is real.
 Definitely it is.
 But I just think if I'm nervous,
 I'm likely to throw up on any given day.
 That's fair enough.
 That's why you vomit before the forecast every second.
 Every week.
 Grandmaster Flash collects mugs.
 No way.
 Yeah?
 He's got 5,000, he says, in a special room.
 And he says, "The room temperature is correct."
 What?
 Just room temperature, isn't it?
 Mugs don't have an incredibly narrow range of temperatures
 they can perform in.
 The whole point of a mug is that they can go to 100 degrees.
 But at least we know it's not like minus 200 degrees
 or plus 5,000 degrees.
 He keeps it very carefully between minus 200
 and plus 5,000 degrees in that room.
 His room salesman absolutely saw him coming.
 Okay, that's it.
 That is all of our outtakes.
 Thanks, everyone.
 If you want to write into us about anything
 that we've said during the course of this compilation,
 why not drop us a line?
 Send an email to podcast@qi.com.
 Andy will read these emails and he likes to cherry pick
 the best of them and bring them to our mailbag episode
 that we do as part of Clubfish.
 So that will be out in the next couple of weeks.
 Otherwise, head to the main episode this Friday
 to find out more details about our upcoming live shows.
 And we'll see you in a couple of weeks.
 All right, Clubfishers, catch you soon.
 Goodbye.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
