 [Beat music]
 Hello and welcome to another episode of "No Such Thing as a Fish" a weekly podcast
 coming to you from the QI offices in Covent Garden. My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I'm sitting here with Anna Chazinski and Miller and James Harkin,
 and once again we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts from the last
 seven days and in a particular order, here we go. Starting this week with my fact,
 my fact is that the Olympics used to have a race just for old ladies.
 Exclusively for old ladies called the old ladies race or old women racing.
 They didn't put much thought into the name, did they?
 It wasn't, yeah. The bronze seal approach.
 There was a fuller name actually where it said old ladies racing for a pound of tea.
 That's much better, I'd watch that one.
 Well no, it turns out, you might as well be saying men doing the 100 meter sprint for a gold medal
 because the pound of tea was the prize. Because it wasn't like re-hound racing where it's on a
 screen, but they did get it right. They got the pound of tea, yeah. We should quickly say that this
 is not what we all perceive as the kind of the modern Olympics, the Olympics that are going on in
 Rio right now. What this is is a much older version of the Olympics that started in a place called
 Much Wendlock. This was back in the 1800s. This was way, way before the modern Olympics started
 again in Athens. One of the races was this. It wasn't that much before, was it? Was it not that
 the Kubitan who started the Modern Olympics visited much Wendlock and it kind of gave him a
 bit of the idea? Yes. He actually credited William Penny Brooks who was the guy who set up the
 Much Wendlock games as the originator of the Olympics. So even though everyone thinks of
 the Kubitan as being the guy who brought us a modern Olympics, he said, "No, it was this chap. Get on him."
 Yeah, and he also, they basically wanted to get him over at a time to actually see the
 Olympics and full flow in Much Wendlock, but they ran out of time. He couldn't get over. So they just
 had to put on a few events when he eventually visited just as an example of what it looks like.
 Is that what the hastily improvised old ladies race for? The only people who weren't at work that day.
 Yeah, exactly. I have to take issue with that race because you know how old the old ladies were.
 Go on. I mean, it's over 40s. Over 40s? Yeah. Anyone over 40 is an old lady. But you're not you're not
 thinking in terms of it's like dog years with athletes. So Michael Jordan retired from basketball
 for the first time at 30. Yeah. Technically, if you're in your 40s, you are a sports old person.
 According to the sports. According to sports. Yeah. By sports rules.
 And by 19th century rules, life expectancy shorter. Even so, it hurts as someone who's only a decade
 off being 40 to read old ladies referring to 40 rules. Yeah. Not that far off. It's not. I won't be
 knocking on the door. I'm only 25 of course. To the nearest 25, I'm still 25. You're halfway there then.
 But yeah, so the in 1856, the race that you're talking about, the winner, 45 year old winner,
 Mary Speak. And she defeated the person in second place, who was a 38 year old, called Anne Meredith.
 Wait a minute. Hang on. She got a 40. How does she sneak in? Was it not even a 30 year old?
 It wasn't over 40s. It was just people who look a bit rough. She didn't even win.
 Yes, came second. She got beat by a 45 year old. Yeah. Is embarrassing. Wow, 38. Yeah.
 So I found this fact in this month's issue of the 40 in times. And there's an amazing article by
 guy called Rob Gandy called faster, higher, stronger, weirder, all about the much-when-lock Olympics.
 That sounds like a great deaf punk song, doesn't it? Yeah. Yeah, faster, stronger.
 So they were pretty weird. A lot of the contests at those Olympics weren't they? And it grew
 out of something which wasn't supposed to be specifically sport. So it was actually set up
 as more of an educational thing. And so in the 1950s, when the much-when-lock games were happening,
 a lot of the races or competitions were things like essay-writing or poetry or art.
 Oh, I always thought it was bad at sport. No, yeah, you'd nail this one.
 The other RT events that happened there, there was best Odes. You could enter the best Odes
 competition. Glee singing. That was one as well. A head of their time. Yeah. Glee singing.
 You just sing "Don't Stop Believing". That's exactly it. That was a "Don't Stop Believing"
 hadn't been invented yet. So they had to blow you an ode. Yeah. Yeah, really enthusiastic
 ode in a group. Knitting was another one. And then knitting stockings was another one.
 That's not fun to watch. That's a category. But you can knit as well. You'd be a double-gold
 better than a knitting victim. I would be kicking ass. Could you enter your knitted stockings
 into both of those compositions? The knitting and the stockings knitting. Or was it all knitting
 except stockings was allowed to enter knitting? I don't know if they were accepting finished
 knitwear. You know what, if they're allowing 38-year-olds in the over 40s race, I think they're not
 sticklers for the rules. Just because James has mentioned the word "stickle", so there was another
 kind of Olympic games that preceded these Olympic games and they were actually the Cotswold Olympics,
 which started either in 1622 or 1612, we aren't quite sure. But I was reading that the Cotswold
 Olympics, which had various weird sports like shin kicking. That's not that weird. I'm from Lancashire.
 We do that all the time. Prior traditions. Sorry. In barrels. Yeah, in barrels. How do you match
 each other's shins when you're in barrels? You're in the same barrel. Oh, you're in the same barrel.
 Tanner just brings his own barrel and sits in it alone. No one will kick me.
 But anyway, the umpire of these mainstream serious sports like shin kicking was called the stickler.
 And I think there's a theory that maybe he was called the stickler because he held a staff or it
 might just come from another old English word. But that's where we get stickler when we say he's
 a stickler for the rules. It comes from that umpire. They were quite balanced as well these
 contests. There was once a sword fight between Sir German pool and Mr Hutchinson and Mr Hutchinson
 lost three of his fingers before he'd even drawn his sword. And then he responded by slicing off
 pools nose and pocketing it so it couldn't be reattached. Wait, we've gone an hour to reattach it.
 That's in the guy's pocket. It's gone. That's as good as gone. But it's still going. It's this year.
 They just in July. They just did the 130th much one lock case. And it's still got interesting
 events. I look through the events that were uh done this year. Uh golf was one. So golf's just
 joining isn't it? The Olympics. It's just done in the Olympics. Yeah. Um gliding was one. Oh yeah.
 Gliding event. I reckon they're not going to have professional golfers. There are they.
 Down to it. So I wonder how good I'd have to get. Yes. And anyone can enter. James, you could
 genuinely enter the golfing tournament and win an Olympic medal. Yeah. Well. And if they're still
 I don't know knitting and poetry and odes. There's no going for the writing rather than the odes
 back and there go. You just need to speak the writing. That's all the odes. Yeah. I stick to
 shink in the right line. Yeah. Then you can go and bring your own barrel. No one will kick you.
 I'll bring my own barrel, but I'll just be a spectator. Right. Stopping.
 Oh ladies race. Oh. Given eight more years. I'm not risking second place.
 Should we move on shortly? Um, off when luck. Do you remember the really horrible London Olympic
 mascots when lots of managers are like a big eye on a TV remote. They were made by Hornby who
 make the train set and apparently wiped a third off their value because they did so badly. Really?
 Of the company. I think it was at one point because they sold so poorly that they had to issue
 profits warning and their stocks went way down. Wow. I've got some stuff on modern day old ladies running.
 Okay. Right. So the world record for the 100 metre dash for people over the age of 100
 or women over the age of 100 has just been beaten by a South Carolina middle school teacher called
 Ella Mae Colbert and she beat the record in 46.791 seconds or 100 metres. She came very far behind the
 other competitors that because she was older she's in a different category so she broke the record
 for her age group even though she didn't do it. Oh really? So she was there racing with everyone.
 20-something people who were doing it. It was Tyson Gay you saying balls at this lady.
 Yeah it was one week after celebrating her 100th birthday that she did that.
 So the there's a guy called Fooja Singh who I think is one of our greatest athletes in the UK.
 He holds the UK records for the 200 metres, 400 metres, 800 metres, mile and 3,000 metres for the over
 100s and he set all of those records within a single 94 minute period. He's awesome. So they're UK
 records and he also once set five world records in his age group in a single day and some of the events
 that he got the world record for they didn't have a record holder because no one over the age of 100
 had ever even attempted them. Wow that's pretty good. That sort of puts your old lady to shame a bit
 doesn't it? Oh yes. Talk about my wife. Okay it is time for back number two and that is Anne.
 My fact is that there was a Victorian comic song that was called Tony Blair.
 So good. And it goes. I can't find it. Oh really? I don't know how it goes. If anyone listening knows
 the song or has a sheet music please do send it in. There could be an Olympic medal in that.
 Yes. We bring back Dan's Odes challenge. So I found this on the BBC's 10 Things We Learned This Week
 which is a great feature they do every seven days and it was by a guy called Jeremy Clay who's on
 Twitter at ludicrous scenes who writes a column for them called Victorian Strangeness. So he checked
 out online on the newspaper archive and this is a report from the Croydon advertiser and East
 Starry reporter October 1879 of a performance by a group called the Black Diamonds and it followed
 a performance of a song that was called BROWN which I like to think is Gordon Brown's version of R.E.S.P.E.C.T.
 and BROWN quote excited much laughter as of Mr. Harrison's rendering of Tony Blair.
 Wow. I would really like to see Gordon Brown dancing and singing R.E.S.P.E.C.T. but to BROWN do you think
 we could make that happen? There's a lack of letters in his name isn't there so he's not going to scan.
 He could do it to the song D.I.S.C.O couldn't he? Or you could spread the W into three syllables just
 kind of work. Yeah. R.OWN. Why is advisors weren't making him explore this option at the time of his
 tenure? There it is. So it's definitely real. Yeah it's so hard to hide anywhere. So it's very popular
 around the 1880s. In 1887 it was performing in North Devon to show that it was so densely crowded
 that large numbers of people were unable to obtain admittance. Really? Although that show also
 contained a procession of firefighters Hansen-Menderman Ilfrakum and their horse-drawn carriage. So I
 don't know which was drawing them in. I reckon the Hansen-Menderman Ilfrakum. That would get there.
 There was also a song called "When She Comes With The Milk in the Morning" also a highlight
 according to the local paper. And what's great about that report is that it's kind of a whole evening
 of revelry. And the paper record is some of the jokes from the evening. Would you like to hear
 some satire from 1887? Oh yeah. Why does Mr. Pit Lewis resemble a shrimp? I don't know. Why does
 Mr. Pit Lewis resemble a shrimp? Because each has MP at the end of his name. It's like Andy's in
 the room. And Andy's Edinburgh show is currently going on at the Pleasant's Theatre. Wow, that is,
 I mean, it's not funny, but it's... It is a joke. It's not satirical. It's not satirical.
 What does Donald Trump have in common with a shrimp?
 Pink. Is it the unpeafing? It is. It's like Andy's still in the room.
 So in 1877, a ten-year-old David Cameron fell into the harbor in Dundee. He was rescued and taken
 home. Oh. A Miss Theresa May in 1940 was a shop manager who broke the blackout. Do you know
 there's a glamour model called Theresa May? Yeah, different spelling, right? Different spelling,
 yeah, no age. But if you go on to Twitter, her handle is real Theresa May. And according to one of
 her recent tweets, her website has had over six million hits since the MP Theresa May has become
 prime minister. Didn't her bio use to say, "I am a UK glamour model, not the home secretary"?
 Yes. I am not an MP. I have nothing in common with a shrimp. No M's and P's in my name.
 May I tell you about Mr. J Corbin?
 Ran Corbin's British baking powder, the cheapest and the best. Wow.
 Ran that in favour? Dairy journal 1892. James Harkin has opened a new wine and
 spirit bar in the Long Tower, liquors of the best quality or within stock. Sounds right? Classic.
 And you were killed in 1896. You were a gamekeeper going to be in a cook case against
 poaching. You witnessed your bombsaw. Wasn't that the year of the modern Olympics in Greece in 1896?
 Chazinski, headlined Chazinski for the Bristol Hippodrome. This was a great dancer who was coming
 from the Budapest Royal Opera House. That came in 1923. That was me. It contains a helpful
 pronunciation guide to Chazinski in the article. You can pass that on to Dan.
 It's just another kind of thing about names and people with similar names. If you go into Wikipedia
 and search for Neil Horan, you get the message. This article is about the Dancing Laiasized Roman
 Catholic Priest. For one direction member, see Nile Horan. Does it say that on Nile Horan's page?
 If you were looking for the Dancing Laiasized Roman Catholic Priest. Please look here.
 That made me think about disambiguation on Wikipedia. If you search for disambiguation,
 you get word sense disambiguation. For other uses, see disambiguation, disambiguation.
 Oh, that's fantastic. That's very good. I did disambiguation on Tony Blair, because I wanted to
 see other famous Tony Blair's out there. I found my favorite Tony Blair. It's a high title.
 I've ordered with great ideas. This is interesting because it's not a single person. It's a lot of people
 called Tony Blair. It's T-O-N-I-B-L-E-R, Tony Blair. It's a male name that's given out in Kosovo,
 and it's because it's in honor of the fact that during the 1999 NATO air campaigns, Tony Blair
 was seen as a massive hero. They've created a name now, which children now and now adults carry.
 I think Pristina has a big road called Bill Clinton Boulevard or something.
 I lived in Pristina for three months and everywhere you went, there was a picture of Bill Clinton.
 Interestingly, I then clicked on to Kosovo names for new male children names and no Bill Clinton
 names. Tony Blair got given a name, but Bill Clinton didn't know. There's Bill got the Boulevard,
 which is not Tony Blair. Can we go back to the songs? Yeah. C-R-O-W-N. So, B-R-O-W-N and Tony Blair were
 songs. I found a website called monologues.co.uk, which has an enormous list of Victorian and early
 20th century music haul songs, and they're just amazing, so can I read some out? Please do.
 Don't stick it out like that! Open your mouth and shut your eyes. What about this one? I'm a member of
 the county council. That sounds like a great song, doesn't it? Yeah. It could be the precursor to Tony Blair
 MP. And they bumped him in my grower. We're going to need that last word. Dan, can you grab the notes?
 And they bumped him in my grower. Yeah. So, the words go, they bumped him in my grower and they made
 the Gigi fly. Felt so gay, sang all the way to Peckham Rye. They picked me up in the strand,
 and I drove him ever so far. The night I took the prodigal son, home to his dear mama, and that's
 they bumped him in my grower. That's a beautiful song. So, there used to be, yeah, really raunchy. I think
 the idea of music calls was supposed to be partly that they would be a kind of entertainment for the
 working class, but the guy who sort of set them off and started them off, Charles Morton in the mid-19th
 century, said that women should be allowed to come because he thought it meant people behaving
 in a more respectable manner. What that actually meant was, men just invited loads of prostitutes,
 and they were these baudy, really, really rowdy places. And yeah, they'd have songbooks called
 things like the frisky vocalist and the gentleman's spicy songster, but they used to get really violent.
 So, I think in one performance there was evidence that a dead cat was thrown at the performers.
 There'd be bottles and old boots would be thrown at the singers. The industrial town's
 favourite hurling iron rivets, apparently. And so much so that waiters in music calls would have to
 have their bottles that they serve from chain to their trays so that people didn't grab the bottles
 and start fighting with them. And if there was an orchestra in the pit, sometimes it would be covered
 up with the steel grill so that the orchestra couldn't be attacked. Wow. Yeah, it's hardcore.
 Was this only if they didn't enjoy it, or did they just do it anyway? I think everyone's pissed
 there are prostitutes around. You just get rowdy. It's not necessarily a negative or a positive thing.
 Imagine just like, "I'll bring the dead cat just in case."
 It's always hard to be a great gig, you're like, "Oh, that's a shame."
 That's coming in with me. Back in the bag.
 Okay, it's time for fact number three, and that is that people shouldn't skip.
 Yeah, my fact this week is that the first president of the UK's women's institute
 used a frying pan as a whip, wore an entire stuffed owl on her head and officially named
 the city of Cumber. It's a hell of a CV. Yeah, it's so impressive. So I didn't know anything about this
 woman, but she was Lady Gertrude Denman, and she was this eccentric English woman who just
 achieved an extraordinary amount in her life. So she started, she became president of the
 National Federation of Women's Institutes in 1917, and she held that post until 1946,
 and yeah, she was just this great force of a woman. So the reason that she named the city of
 Cumber was that she married the man who went on to become the governor of Australia. So they
 moved out to Australia, and it was decided that she would be the one who opened this little golden
 casket, which contained the name that had been chosen for the city. Oh, I see. So someone else came up
 with the idea, but she was one who chose it. So she was, yeah, she's the official name. So,
 did you know that Australia had a King O'Malley? So it was in 1911, there was a competition to design
 the new capital. They were going with the working title Federal Capital City, but then two years later,
 King decided to suggest people's implements, put forward names for it. They had 39 suggestions,
 which included Eden, Hopeton, Aurora, Home, Unison, Andyman, Flinders, and Frieza Roo.
 I also heard Kangamoo, is that right? Is that one of them? Yeah, they wanted to call it after
 that, some of their animals. So they also suggested Cookabara and Masupiala, although there were so
 many good suggestions actually for the name of Canberra. I think my favourites are things like Bunkham
 and Bungtown are there and gone broke. There was one suggestion was Climax. Could have been called Climax.
 But the one that comes up a lot is the name Sid Melad Per Briso, which is obviously a hyphenated
 combination of Sidney Melbourne, Adelaide Perth, Brisbane and Hobart. They thought they'd combine
 them all, that's such an interesting idea. I did. It sounds like an amazing character.
 According to one description of her I read, she was a compulsive lumberjack.
 Compulsive? Does that mean you literally can't walk past a tree without chopping it down?
 Yeah, when she was riding the horses and whipping them with the frying pan, they just say that she
 couldn't pass a tree without chopping it down, so she had the knacks on her at all times. It's a very
 interesting character. Her dad was called Wheatman, W-E-E-T-M-A-N. That's her first name, so let's get
 that going again. I'm going to name my first son that. Another one, second one, Tony Blair.
 Yes. And just some other good things Lady Denman did. When she came to Australia, she sort of created
 waves. Everyone thought she was really, really cool and she didn't act really up herself,
 like former kind of governors had. And she did things like, she played golf down the corridors
 of her house, so she would put cushions out and they would be the holes I think and then she'd play
 golf towards them. She let her brother explain how she did a lot of lumberjacking and a lot of shooting
 and she also played hockey in the ballroom and then she said in the letter, "This last amusement must
 on no account be mentioned." Yeah, she was a massive aristocrat though, wasn't she? Like she's
 born into a really, really wealthy family. Oh, she was born super privileged, yeah. So it's all
 right when you're like that and you can just wear it out while your head doesn't play hockey that
 straight. Working class people couldn't afford stuffed out. They couldn't even afford a barrelage.
 So a lot of the information that I'm talking about here about the WI and about Lady Denman comes
 from this great book called "A Force to Be Reckoned With" by Jane Robinson. Do you know that during
 World War One, but Netflix had women members out patrolling and after the war, they cancelled it,
 so the boys were back, given back their jobs and the WI did a 26 year campaign to get them back.
 Wow. They did. They just waited for the next one to start. It was during World War Two and they came back.
 But I mean, that's brilliant. I didn't know they didn't know why, that's terrible. And also good on the WI.
 Yeah, during the second World War meetings might include something called "Apin the Moustache
 on a Hitler Competition" or "The Passing Around of a Lemon" with a penny buying you a sniff.
 It was a different time. It wasn't a lot to do for some people.
 What a James's music was, I'll give you a sniff of my lemon.
 What I really like as well is they've got tons of branches and there's lots of different ways of doing it,
 so I completely am keen on this one. This is Gothic Valley, a WI branch in North London,
 and they are a Goth branch of the WI, but they welcome non-Goths. And according to the website,
 they like baking jam, making crafting and wearing lots of black. And then they also say,
 "Come and join us, help put the black in blackberry jam." I think they sound awesome.
 Yeah, that sounds great. Speaking of jam actually, the reason that I found this fact is that there was
 Police Commissioner recently who announced that the WI is the largest organized crime group in the UK,
 because it's actually illegal to pick wild berries and sell them for profit. And the WI not only does that,
 but encourages its members to do that, because they pick berries and then sell their jam at fates.
 Is that really illegal? Apparently it's illegal according to him, yeah.
 There was a real nice story how in World War I the home guards needed wood. And so they came
 around and they chopped the legs off to Piano, that was...
 They chopped the legs off every single member of a WI. One of these guys must have a wooden leg.
 The WI members retain their legs, but the home guard chopped the legs off one of their pianos,
 and then a future WI meetings in the area where that happened. The women still continue to sing
 Jerusalem, and the pianist just lay on the floor playing the piano.
 Another contemporary WI, WI, is the Seven Hills WI in Sheffield.
 Their average age of the member is 34, and their speakers have included the true manager for the Arctic Monkeys.
 It's cool. There's something for everyone, they do all the things.
 As we walked in today Anna, you said I'm thinking of joining the WI now.
 I think, but I will. And they're the Arctic Monkeys.
 They were so influential, so they were really a big deal, especially in the early days.
 I really like, I was really a story about a guy, so they do do a lot of talks. They get people to come in
 and talk, and they got a man to come in who was a retired sailor from North Devon, and they wanted
 to talk to him about his experiences. So basically, he wrote a book about being kidnapped by pirates,
 and he thought I'll go and do a talk, so I'm doing talks, and they booked him.
 But this is what he said. When I arrived there, there were ladies with blue rinses wearing pirate
 hats and waving swords around. They'd been led to believe that it was a talk about piracy through
 the ages and not something right up to date. So basically, a man who'd been held for 47 days
 to tell about his traumatic experience. You can see a photo. He took a photo with them.
 They've got the sculling cross modes that kind of weird-captored grudge hats.
 That's because back in their day, that's how pirates look.
 Didn't they famously boo off Tony Blair or something?
 They slow-flat it. They watched it today. It's amazing. They didn't want any party politics,
 and it's a huge haul full of music. They thought it was a music haul song.
 We're trying to get the beat to kick it. Also, as per your 100-year-old runner,
 that could just be the speed at which older people跳.
 And if he had left the stage, he would have realised 20 minutes later,
 they were actually giving him a static ovation. It's just taken a while to get there.
 [Music]
 Okay, it is time for a final fact of the show, and that is James.
 Okay, my fact this week is that you can make yourself more attractive to members of the opposite sex
 by giving them a magnet. How powerful a magnet.
 So, this is a controversial bit of science called social priming. Not everyone believes it's real,
 but there was a recent study at Texas A&M University, where participants were given a couple
 of attracting blocks to play with, and some others were given ones that weren't magnetic.
 Then they questioned them about their relationship, and they found the ones who had been given the
 magnets were more positive about their relationships, and found the people there with more attractive.
 Basically, social priming is the idea that you can mention things, and it will affect the way people
 behave. So, there's a very famous study where they gave people words to do with old age,
 and then as they left the building, they walked slower. Now, that study is very controversial,
 because people have tried to replicate it, and they've not been able to, but this whole idea of
 social priming is a thing that people are currently studying. So, the fact, this fact, your fact,
 is sort of about how the things we speak about metaphorically can actually affect how we feel.
 So, it's thought that the reason that you are more attracted to someone when they're holding a
 magnet is because we talk about magnetism, I'm magnetically attracted to him, and that metaphor
 that we've used has actually seems to have made its way into now how we instinctively respond.
 And there are other instances of this happening, so with the word "sweet," it was shown that,
 you know, we refer to people as being sweet people, and there was an experiment that was done where
 students were asked to write either about their experience of romantic love, or about an experience
 of being jealous, or just about a neutral experience, and then after that, they were given,
 in one experiment, they were given sweets, and then in another experiment, they were just given
 tap water, and in both cases, the students who've written about romantic love found the sweets,
 and the tap water tasted sweeter, because it's thought kind of, they'd written about something
 that they considered a sweet topic. You're in like a happy mood to start with.
 Yeah, it's so interesting. Do you have another one?
 Well, I just thought this was really weird, because the reverse seems to be true with sweet stuff
 as well. There was this study done in 2011, which showed that people who like sweet stuff
 are just sweeter people, as a nicer people. So, this was published in the Journal of Personality
 and Social Psychology, and it found that people who said that they preferred, they had a sweet
 tooth, were more likely to help someone out, so there was a professor who wanted to help with
 doing a study, they were more likely to help him out, they were more likely to help clear up
 sandbags after stopping a flood, and just they like sweet food, and there seemed to be this
 correlation, which obviously sounds very dubious. It was maybe anything I might get a sweet
 for this. Yeah. Yeah, like crunchy bar. Yeah, great theory.
 People give you pretentious biscuits when you help out at such a good point.
 It does sound dubious, slightly. So, I was reading also examples of where psychologically,
 they think that the opposite sex can make themselves more attractive. So, in this case,
 how a man can become more attractive to a woman, one suggestion that they've said, why don't you
 try this, is to wear a t-shirt, a white t-shirt with a big t printed on it, just the big letter t,
 and the reason that they say is that women who see this shirt with the t-on are 12% more
 attracted to this person. The women always want a pound of t, don't they? We've already
 established that within like t. So, what it is is that they say that the top bar of the t
 makes it so that it broadens the shoulders of the person, and then the bar going down,
 slims the body, creating a v-shaped body. So, that's my interesting fact. In order to get a v,
 you need to wear a t. How cool is that? That's good. Everyone used to say to me, by the way,
 that raises an interesting point, because I usually wear a tie. I'm always a love wearing ties,
 and people have said to me that I'm directly trying to draw attention to the crotch,
 that apparently, an arrow pointing downwards, as I've tried. I'd never heard that before.
 Well, it's just because you have written on your tie penis this way as an arrow.
 It's just really inappropriate for the workplace that we talked about this.
 So, the science of dating is interesting. I found one piece which concluded,
 the keys to dating someone hotter than you get to know them first, which is a really good tip.
 Oh, thanks, guys. And another one that said, "Sexually aroused by farts."
 You know, I'll love. The scientists are doing scientists to do some weird studies.
 So, there's a study done in 2010, which is kind of depressing, but it's interesting that it's still,
 this is still the case. And what it did was it put a man in a high status car, and then the same man
 in a low status car. So, there was a man in a silver Bentley Continental GT, which I believe
 is an expensive car. And then that man was also put in a red Ford Fiesta. And it found that when women
 are asked if the man is attractive, they're much more likely to think he's attractive if he's in the
 high status car. But in the reverse way round, when the woman is in the high status car compared to
 being in the normal car, then men do not find women any more attractive when they're in a high status
 car. Because traditionally, for thousands of years, women have been attracted to men who can provide
 for them. It's my Fred Flintstone. It was so popular with the ladies.
 Yeah, I read an article which said that 89% of UK men think that a flashy car helps them with women,
 but only 41% of women think that that's true. But that's, I guess, they're not testing it out in a
 blind way. Are they just asking you what you think? Yeah, so women, we don't think we're attracted to
 only rich men, but it turns out we're all extremely shallow. And that is the case.
 It's interesting. It's just, you know, men have been the providers traditionally, so it must be
 something that's so deeply engraved now for a lot of women that you want someone who you know can
 provide for you. Even though consciously, we definitely don't feel like that's what we want.
 I have one more thing, which is the good news is beer does make you more attractive. The bad news is
 it's to mosquitoes carry on real area. And that is my take up. Magnets can't be useless.
 We need to wrap up soon. We haven't done any magnet stuff. Has anyone got anything just
 magnesium? I was reading a report from the Royal Society of Medicine from 2005, which was called
 Painful Attraction, a magnetic penile injury. And it was describing, it sounded horrific, but I did
 find it quite amusing. It was describing an 11-year-old boy who derived an A&E with two magnets stuck
 on either side of his penis. And they couldn't get it off. So we'd actually been referred to this
 hospital from another hospital. It hadn't been able to get these two magnets off. And the report
 said that it was impossible to remove the magnets either by hand or by surgical clamps.
 I've read this paper, I think, actually. And I think that they just kind of did some sheer
 force, didn't they? So they pulled them sideways or something. They eventually did that. Yeah,
 but they did sound. I've just really not the idea that he was overhearing them discussing their
 next options. It said in the report, there are two other ways of dealing with this, usually,
 with two magnets that are stuck together. One is to heat the magnet above the curie point,
 which is the point at which they lose magnets. Isn't that like 7000 degrees or something? It's
 about 500 degrees Celsius for the average toy magnet. And the other one is to apply heavy hammering.
 That's extraordinary. What would you go for, Dan? Would you go for the 500-degree heat or the
 intense hammering? Or would you just think, actually, they don't look so bad? That's exactly
 why I said, "You know, I'm cool." Wait, would that make you more attractive to the opposite side?
 They'd be like, "Nah, magnetic." The strongest magnets in the world, I think, are in America's
 National High Magnetic Field Laboratory in Tallahassee. They're electro magnets, and this facility
 uses 7% of all the electricity used in the whole city of Tallahassee. Whoa, it's absolutely massive,
 and if you want to do any magnetic stuff pretty much anywhere in the world, this is where you go.
 I'm the big sign in the world saying, "Do not put on your penis."
 "Penis not this way."
 Okay, that's it. That's all of our facts. Thank you so much for listening. If you would like to get
 in contact with any of us about the things that we've said over the course of this podcast,
 you can find us on our Twitter accounts. I'm on @Shriberland. James, @EggShaped, and @Miller_Anne, and Shazinsky.
 You can email podcast@QI.com. Yep, or you can go to our group account, which is @QIPodcast,
 or go to our website. No such thing as a fish.com. We have all of our previous episodes up there.
 We will be back again next week with another episode. We'll see you then. Good bye.
 We should do an effort for Andy's show, right? Go and see Andy's show. Exit at the front.
 Go and see Andy's show. Go and see Andy's show. Go and see Andy's show. Exit at the front.
 [Music]
