 Hi everyone James here now as you will have noticed the last few weeks
 It is holiday season for us mostly because we have a brand new massive stonking UK and Ireland tour just about to happen
 And we need to get as much rest as we can that before that happens
 By the way, you can get tickets for that by going to qi.com slash fish events
 But anyway, what do we have for you this week? Well, we have another compilation the last one went down so well
 You all sent loads of really nice messages about how much you enjoyed it
 So it's another hour of us being so silly
 These are the times when everything got derailed a little bit too much so we couldn't fit it into the actual show
 But I always gather them together because they're always so much fun
 And I put them in a nice little package for you guys
 We will be back again next week with a normal episode. It was recorded while I was away actually
 It's another super special guest one that I particularly am quite upset that I wasn't there for because it's a really good friend of ours
 Someone who's incredibly interesting and funny
 I'm actually really really looking forward to listening to that one myself because I haven't heard it yet
 But anyway for the meantime, please do enjoy this compilation
 And we'll see you as a force them on the road or on this podcast feed very very soon
 Okay on with the podcast
 [Music]
 Do you guys know um soldier boy soldier boy tell him you guys know he's a
 Come on guys. No, he's a rapper. No, he's a rapper
 Okay, he's got a song called kiss me through the phone which gives a phone number
 Um halfway through it and a load of people decided to call it and it turns out to be a house in Oldham
 Who according to the Guardian were getting a load of crank calls
 But I don't need to tell you
 Guys that that's a terrible missed opportunity because one of his main songs is called crank that
 So they so they should have called it crank calls crank that's calls. Yeah, probably okay
 I really misjudged my audience with this one
 Who are you aiming at that feels like Dan might have had a prayer Anna hasn't heard anything since Cole Porter
 Uh, Britain's leading female table tennis player is this woman this girl called tin tin hoe
 And do you guys can you guess why she's called that she's got a quiff tin tin
 Um, that's why I was I was a small dog called snowy
 Confusingly it's not related to the character of tin tin. Wait. She hangs out with an old fisherman called captain haddock
 Again, it's not like a she has a she has a pair of twins that she hangs out with called the top
 You can't just stop us making tin tin jokes, Anna immediately. You gotta live with her. Her father is called hershey
 Right as I have made quite clear. It's not related to tin tin and there must be other avenues you can pursue
 She's belgian, you know
 I'm just gonna tell you okay. No, no, no, no, no. No, I feel like we're close. She's made of tin
 Hey, he's found something different
 But incorrect. No, it's because her dad is obsessed with table tennis and actually that's kind of weird
 Sorry, hang on. It's coming. It's coming. I was so sure you're gonna say her dad is obsessed with tin tin
 I wish Anne brought this up
 He's obsessed with table tennis
 And the initials of table tennis are tt. So we called her tin tin
 And in fact her brother is called ping and she said there was it was between her being called tin tin and her being called
 Pong when she was born and so she says that she is delighted that
 She didn't get bombed. You can't have two kids who call them ping and pong
 The social services will get involved
 You think um, here's her stolen duck
 in 1860
 Um during the second opium war the anglo-french looted and burned the summer palace and found five peakingese dogs
 Um guarding a corpse of a lady and so they stole the dogs
 And one of them was given to queen victoria who renamed her lootie
 After all the all the looting that the british were doing wow in china at the time lol
 Isn't that amazing that is quite open. I would have thought she would name it something like completely legal taking of stuff
 Wow, uh, pg woodhouse he collected peakingese dogs or he bred them or he you know, he had dozens of them
 Did he steal them from he stole all of them from uh, china? Yeah, that's why his books have very low sales figures there
 It's really interesting that peakingese um, like they're quite small aren't they but they almost look a bit like a lion
 Because they got like a mane kind of around their face
 Uh, and there were a few myths about where they came from according to one myth a lion fell in love with a marmoset
 And he begged the gods to shrink him in size so that he could have sex with the marmoset
 And they did and that's where the peakingese came from
 You think you can go the other way around you'd pray for a massive marmoset. Yeah
 Expand the marmoset
 Actually, so I may shag it
 No, I'd rather a tiny lion and take it back
 There's another theory. Uh, this isn't a myth. There's another theory that buddhist monks
 Um, like in buddhism a lion is a symbol of strength
 It's a symbol of wisdom and they want to have dogs that looks like a lion so they bred peakingese to look like lions
 Which is true. We might never know
 There was a guy who was a stunt flyer back in the very early days of flight called, uh
 Al wilson and he hit golf balls off planes
 Which is not as impressive as scoring a putt on concord except that he was standing on top of the plane at the time
 So he would climb up onto the top of a biplane and just do amazing drives off it. No photos of him doing that
 How is the air friction there not knocking the golf ball off the tee? I don't
 Maybe he nailed the tee into the top of the biplane before
 Clambering out but you'd have to nail the ball also onto the tee which
 Yes, maybe he did that too and then well then how did he hit it?
 maybe
 Maybe it was one of those velcro balls, you know that you throw at paddles, maybe he just velcroed it
 Except hang on he was in the 1920s and velcro hadn't been invented at the time
 So maybe he is the unrecognized inventor of velcro
 And we are giving him his moment of glory. Excellent. Well our wilson. Congratulations
 Gibraltar named after jabel al-tariq
 Who was the general who brought the islamic army from north africa into spain?
 When spain became an islamic country in
 Whenever that was the eighth century or whatever it was
 But he was in charge of the whole army. They came over they landed in Gibraltar. They took over most of the iberian peninsula
 There was him who was jabel al-tariq and there was another guy called musa who were in charge these two generals
 And then for some reason in 714 they were both accused of misappropriation of funds
 Sent back to damascus and they both died in complete obscurity. So they were the ones who brought the islamic invasion into spain
 And for the reason now that you know, there's a lot of islamic culture still there a lot of buildings and stuff
 But yeah, they just got kicked out for nicking a load of money. Right. Wow
 Yeah fittingly it's known as a little bit of a tax haven now. So I suppose doing doing him proud
 The money nicker. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Well, that's the thing about money. It is very moorish
 Probably one of the most famous
 fictional minerals in the world is kryptonite
 I would argue
 kryptonite was invented as an idea for being a thing of vulnerability for superman that would make him really sick
 Because when the first radio series happened in america the actor who played superman who obviously had to be there all the time
 Was desperate to have holidays and they couldn't have holidays because he's the main character
 So if in a previous episode kryptonite was introduced like he was hidden behind a door where kryptonite was holding it closed
 The actor bud collier could go on holiday and not have to be in the episodes
 And the rest of the cast would be going poor superman. Where's he disappeared to but we all know he's behind the door
 He can't say anything. Yeah. How boring were the episodes where superman wasn't in them?
 What happens in those well just everyone going wonder where he is. Is he better? Have you seen him? Did you give him lemsip?
 Do you think lemsip works against kryptonite? Oh, yes, the only thing that's everything. Yeah
 Um, it's so weird how long we went without dissecting human bodies
 So we just we uh, I will claim responsibility. I've got at least three weeks
 So the first known dissections in the west at least were
 Herophilus and Erasis stratus and this was a third century bc
 And so this is quite revolutionary. They thought if we start cutting into human bodies
 We can figure out how they work what the anatomy is
 And they died and it immediately went out of fashion people said we don't actually need that. It's totally unnecessary
 It's kind of gross. It's ungodly then the christians came along and they totally banned it
 And we don't really think anyone dissected a human body for science for another 1600 years
 Until about so about 1231 the holy roman emperor said actually we should start doing this and made a decree that medical students had to
 And so there was this rush on bodies
 And there was such a rush that there was a big old shortage the demand and supply didn't work out
 And so there became a situation where by the 15th century in italy
 medical students had to pay for the funerals of corpses
 And that's that would be their way of saying look i'm going to pay you but you have to give me that corpse afterwards
 So basically you get your funeral expenses paid by a doctor
 As long as they then cut you open. Yeah, but at the end of the funeral thing
 Plop you over their shoulder and walk off with you. It doesn't feel
 I don't think they would do I think they'd wait for the curtains to go across before they did that
 I don't think someone's walking a god. Are you done with that?
 I paid good money for that
 Have you guys heard of Jacqueline Oriol?
 So she was the daughter-in-law of the president of france in the 1940s after the war
 And she helped to decorate some of the rooms of the alice palace
 After the war and she was known as one of the most elegant women in all of paris
 And then in 1948 she thought fuck this the alice palace. It's fine. It doesn't need any more work
 so she decided to become an aerobatic pilot and she
 Got into a massive crash and crashed into the sen and she had to have 22 operations to rebuild her face
 That was how bad the the crash was but then in 1953 she became one of the first ever test pilots to fly concorde
 And she was the first woman to fly concorde. Really?
 Yeah, imagine that for a cv to go from like
 Interior design in the palace in in paris and then to that. Yeah, that is incredible. Yeah
 But no one would believe you were the same person because you've got the rebuilt face
 Oh my god. I'm just that's so right. It's not the same person. Is it no you've fallen for a really obvious
 All of it. Is it conn air where they change the face of uh, nicholas cage and stuff? Yeah, I think so. Yeah
 Is that face off face? Oh face off. Yes
 It's this face off is the same plot as conn air isn't it apart from the face of coming off
 Yeah, I think face off and conn air the merging of the two is your story
 Your story that's right in the middle
 I just have one more recent dog napping that I liked. This was a journalist in boston called juliana matzer
 Did you see her? She was reporting on a dog that had been stolen in the local area kind of slow news day
 She's speaking on camera about a missing german short head pointer
 And she spots a man who matches the photos that have been put out the cctv photos of the dog been stolen
 With the dog that looks like the dog
 So she goes up to him and she said hey, can I just pet your dog checks its collar
 It is low and behold the stolen dog. So on camera that you can watch it. It's very awkward interview
 She says is this your dog and he's like, um, no
 It's not it's been missing for a day for 24 hours
 And she says why do you have it and he says I walked past a car and it was barking
 And I thought it was the dog that I was supposed to be walking because I'm a dog walker
 So one has got into a car
 Maybe he was tired of walking
 So I broke into the car
 And I took it and she said why didn't you call the number of the person on the dog collar?
 And he said I was sort of tribe at my phone broke and then I lost my phone
 Wow, wow mistake. This guy's had a horrible day. Well, that's an incredible story, Anna
 But also what the hell kind of tv station is doing news video packages about a lost dog within
 24 hours
 It's like I say slow news day in Boston
 I should also say the verdict has not been returned on his guilt. I don't think so
 jury is out
 Okay, jury's out
 Well, good luck to him
 Can we get done for subjudiciousness?
 I don't think so. Do you know where the american fear of sharks
 Um throughout the general pop place comes from where it originated
 No, it was so it wasn't jaws it was before that jaws for sure
 Okay, um so originating the fact that sharks eat people in the water
 But they don't tend to eat you if you live in montana or you know
 No, it basically comes we think probably from world war two
 There were lots of stories, especially in the newspapers. Um, this did happen
 That planes would kind of crash in the water and then the sharks would get the get the people
 But it didn't happen that often but the newspapers used to report that it was happening all the time
 um, but nevertheless the u.s. Military needed to come up with a way to stop
 Sharks attacking not just people who've crashed but also munitions. So if you're in a submarine
 You need to stop them from coming towards the munitions. So the office of strategic services, which was that kind of
 Um office, which kind of came up with lots of wacky
 kind of dick dastardly plans
 Um, they hired someone called julia child
 As part of their team to try and work out the chef the chef. Yes. What?
 So before she became a chef
 She was a person who worked in the war to try and come up with ways to stop sharks from attacking people and munitions
 And she tried things like clove oil horse urine nicotine
 rotten shark
 Uh asparagus she tried all these things to try and stop
 Sharks from coming near them and in the end none of them really worked that well
 And so they came up with this thing called shark chaser
 Which was a little pill and you put it in the water and it would release like a dye into the water
 So the shark wouldn't be able to see you so it wouldn't repel it
 But it would stop it from being able to find you that is crazy
 God it's awful if you confuse a julia child recipe with one of her shark repellents, isn't it?
 Well, she's for anyone who doesn't know her she was the one who basically brought french cuisine to americans
 Um, so um, she was huge. She was massively famous. She had her own cooking show
 Didn't she one of the first people to do that? She was huge. Another good cv. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah amazing cv
 And you're sure it wasn't someone with the face trans plant james
 Nicholas cage
 Um, there is a uh, there was a thing in 2012
 Where bowing the plane company fixed their wi-fi on their planes using 9 000 kilos of potatoes
 Okay, so did they just happen to have so much potatoes on board the flight at the time or?
 I think they specially got them in and they got them in to pretend to be humans because
 They needed to test the wi-fi on their planes and where you get, you know
 Hot spots and then cold areas and you want to fix it all the way through
 Um, and it turns out that potatoes block internet signals in much the same way that human bodies do
 And so they got 9 000 kilos of potatoes and just sat them in the seats of the plane
 and pretended that they were people and um and tested it that way and they didn't need paying and they didn't need feeding what?
 That's great. This is so weird. They have the same water content as humans like that kind of thing, right?
 Yeah, I guess so and they're maybe about as dense as humans
 It reminds me of the time when I was on a plane and the wi-fi stopped working
 And I asked them to turn it off and turn it back on again and they said we think this is the button
 But we've never pressed this button on the plane before
 But I said let me come and have a look at it and I looked and I'm like, yeah, I'm pretty sure that's the router button
 Wow, sorry. They they took your advice. Yeah, random dude on the plane. Cool
 right
 That's amazing
 Well, I had my um, it was the nfl draft for my fantasy football team and I really needed to go on the internet
 Wow, right. What would change that's real confidence in your abilities than identifying a router
 What else is it gonna be? What a weird place to put the ejector seat?
 All the spontaneous combustion button, you never know. All planes have one. They always put it right next to the router
 And no more
 Table tennis was a big thing in britain in the sort of early 20th century
 I think it was kind of invented in the 1880s went under
 Came back in the 1920s and was popularized by this guy iver montague. Did you read about him? No, no
 he's that's disappointing because
 It's gonna be a long section
 Have you not noticed we've been doing this for eight years now and we always say no whenever someone says have you heard of this person?
 We always say no, otherwise it'd be a pretty yeah. Yeah, we've all done the research. I genuinely haven't though
 I've no idea about this seven or figure in table tennis. I thought I covered the basis. I haven't clearly
 Well, I've a surprise for you andy because iver montague is
 The thank you grandfather of table tennis in britain, but he was also a spy
 so he's such an amazing character he
 Founded the english table tennis federation and then he founded the international table tennis federation in 1926
 clever more spying opportunities internationally. Nice. Well, you joke
 But british intelligence was incredibly suspicious of him all the way through the war world war two because of his ping pong habit
 Yeah, because he kept standing in airports with two ping pong bats in his hands, didn't he?
 Yeah, just redirecting planes into the english channel
 Um because they thought it was so weird
 So there's a letter from an mi6 agent who writes to the agent in bulgaria
 basically about all these letters that are being exchanged between iver montague and these two guys in bulgaria and
 They're sort of discussing like intricate details of the game. They discuss bat weight
 They discuss the spin on different balls and mi6 was convinced this was code
 And so he wrote to this agent in bulgaria and said look you've got to investigate these two bulgarians
 He said the reason for our interest will appear to you rather quaint
 But the thing is they write interminably to iver montague about table tennis and trying out of table tennis balls
 The agent in bulgaria investigated these guys and replied saying
 It seems as though these guys are just perfectly solid individuals who spend their time testing table tennis balls
 And and that was that wow seemed that way
 It did cover the big reveal in the 60s was that he was in fact a soviet spy
 Really?
 Yeah, so wait, wait, wait, but were they writing about table tennis balls as well. Do we know that element of the story?
 It's not clear. We know he loved table tennis. It doesn't seem to have been declassified whether or not this was code
 So I don't know. He was really into the game and a spy. What do you think?
 What do you think is the world record for slicing the most watermelons in half on your stomach with a sword in 60 seconds?
 Oh, no, no, no, I know I know the queen has this record
 I
 It was a record beaten by friend of the show ashrita firman who?
 His life's work is just to get as many random Guinness book of record things as possible 60 seconds on your belly with a sword
 Slicing
 Slicing them himself. He's slicing them himself. You're not allowed to wear any protection
 So you're slicing down on a sword onto your stomach basically. Yep
 14. Oh, I see you're lying on your back
 And you're oh wow
 Um, it's someone placing the watermelons or do you have to reach someone would place them onto him each time?
 Okay, 14 sounds like a very sensible bet from our that's quite ambitious because you get to 13
 And you think oh my god, I don't want to do the unlucky one. I'm holding a bloody sword
 I bet it's like really really fast to pass this 40s one. Yeah
 I'm gonna say 23
 Oh, come on. Yeah, that's what I said. This guy's a record holder. Yeah. Well, that is really close. It's 26
 It's
 And there was an interview with mr. Furman who said my first reaction is I relieved I didn't kill myself
 Um, do you know what you used to do in the 14th century in the Sahara if you got bitten by a snake?
 Come on guys. We've all done the research. We almost know this
 We know this. Yeah, it's so hard faking not knowing any of this
 What you would do is you would cut the throat of your camel and you would put your hand into the camel's stomach
 And leave it there for the whole night and in theory that would suck out the poison and you would be fine
 Um, I learned this from there was an account of a traveler a Moroccan traveler called ibn batuta. He traveled more than
 Marco Polo who went 15
 Thousand miles he went 72 thousand miles all the way around the world
 It was an amazing traveler and when they went through the sahara. This was the trick that they used
 Unfortunately, it didn't really work and the guy had to have his fingers cut off anyway
 But it was worse for the camel. Let's face it. It was worse for the camel. Definitely. No one comes out of this well
 I must say
 Apart from possibly done because when I was reading this account
 I read that when they ran out of water
 They would kill an antelope and they would drink water from the entrails of the antelope
 Which many many many years ago dad that I think said on this podcast and we all
 Poo pooed it but this in the 14th century. This is what this traveler used to do
 Vindicated this is genuinely like five years later. We were just doing that thing where we pretended not to know the facts, you know
 We all knew it's true
 One landlord was sacked for selling hay out of the back of the pub. So there were strict rules
 This was dora, right? This is dora who did this the old cow mystical old cow dora
 the defense of the realm acts which
 Had loads of other fun rules as well as well as all this pub stuff
 So you weren't allowed to light bonfires or fireworks or fly a kite. I think in case it was mistaken for
 A bomb a zeppelin a zeppelin
 Yeah, you weren't allowed to whistle for a taxi in case that was mistaken for an air raid siren. What?
 How loud is your whistle
 People whistled louder back then
 Famously, right? If um, you can mistake whistles for air raid sirens
 Then when the actual air raid siren went off were a load of taxi drivers driving around looking for these
 rides all time. It was absolutely tragic. Yeah, orange lights going on across london. Yeah
 All killed
 The um doctor who theme tune was written by an australian composer called ron grainer the melody
 But actually the importance of it is the crazy effect, right? Yes, this amazing piece of electronic music
 And really when it was invented there wasn't really such thing as electronic music or the kind of was but it definitely wasn't popular
 It wasn't done much and the mix was made by a musician called delia darbyshire
 and she basically took each note of the melody and
 sexually made it by taking a version of it played on some strings and then kind of speeding it up
 Slowing it down splicing it was something else every single note was put together to come up with this amazing iconic theme tune
 And delia darbyshire was brought up in coventry in 1940 and she said she was inspired to get into music
 By the sound of the air raid sirens as the Germans were bombing coventry
 And it was those kind of noises that got her interested in sounds and that eventually got her interested in music
 So
 I have actually been to a place which has a an annual tooth festival
 Oh
 Really? Well actually is it like one of buddhist teeth?
 It's the temple of the tooth in candy in shrillanka
 And the town is called candy and it is one of it's a tooth of the buddha dating to about 300 a d
 You can't really see it when you go there when you're in the temple because it's in a casket
 Which contains five progressively smaller caskets and in the smallest casket is the buddha's tooth and
 It's an incredible brouhaha every year. I wasn't there at the time of the festival annoyingly
 But there's drumming music as dancing as cannon fire
 massive great elephants
 Many with their own biographies on wikipedia now the elephants really the elephant. Yeah, wow of the main elephants
 They're called tuskers, you know, they have the great big tusks. They parade through the streets with the
 Tooth container. I mean, it's a it's an amazing temple site. It's really I've been to another one
 I've been to one in singapore, which is the same. Were you at the incisor or the canine or the molar?
 It was the wisdom. It was the wisdom of the buddha
 Very nice my feeling is that that one and this is so far going off memory
 They might be completely wrong, but I think the tooth like really doesn't come comes out very very very rarely as in
 You know, do you mean the candy one? No the one in in singapore?
 Yeah, this one's right candy ones all over isn't it?
 But it must be so confusing for the elephants who are employed to carry this tooth all about town this tiny tooth
 Looking at each other going if they've seen our teeth
 look at
 But they are they're celebrated for their massive tusks. They are
 That's why that's why they're recruited for the job in elephant academy
 And the the crazy thing is that this is all in a place called candy, which is normally very bad for your teeth
 Exactly, but I thought that's why they were having the festival so many teeth are falling out. They thought we've got to do something with these
 Also, they always invite rob becker over to do an opening set, don't they? Because he's got such big teeth
 He actually carries it through the streets if the elephant's not available. Yeah, and uh ester ransom for any older listeners
 Just like are we now doing a sort of choose your own podcast?
 Yeah, what about the tiktok generation who's got big teeth on tiktok?
 Right in nobody. They've all got perfect teeth
 The idea that formaldehyde can preserve people was
 discovered by a guy called third nand bloom
 Uh blum and he was using formaldehyde as hoping to use it as an antiseptic
 And he was kind of putting it on things and then he noticed that he put it on his fingers
 And his fingers got really really hard when he put the formaldehyde on his fingers
 So he found it kind of by accident as I know that you love that kind of story and oh, yeah
 Yeah, of course, did he stop at his fingers once you noticed that they went really really hard
 Did he proceed anywhere else?
 I mean you would wouldn't you
 If you noticed that putting formaldehyde on your fingers made you go really really hard
 The cock is the obvious next exactly. It's a short step. Wow. What a what a world we could have had
 Yeah, where that was standard. You just pop and get some formaldehyde
 Yeah, yeah, no, okay, I don't know if it would have flown off the shelves
 It wouldn't look great if medical students were getting boners because they were dissecting a body
 In Peru if you go and eat potatoes and you go into the top of the andes and you go to a potato shop or a little stall
 They might give you a little bag of clay
 To eat with the potato
 And you might put some water in the clay and make it into a little bit of a dip and then dip your potato in it
 And then eat it because that's like one traditional way to eat potatoes in the andes
 And the reason is that potatoes used to be poisonous. They come from the same
 The same family as like deadly nightshade and stuff, don't they and in the early days when they were first domesticated
 They were still a bit poisonous
 But if you eat a little bit of clay while you're eating your potato
 Then the clay will attach to these molecules called glyco alkaloids
 And it will stop your body from processing them
 Which means that they won't become poisonous anymore
 And so there's still today it's a traditional way even though they're not poisonous anymore
 You might still put your potatoes in a bit of clay. That's so cool. It is really clever and what's clever about it is
 How do you learn that right? How do you decide? I'm going to put my potatoes in clay
 And what they think is that humans saw parrots doing it or saw llamas doing it and copied the parrots or the llamas
 But hang on that just raises a second question. That is so annoying. Oh, yeah
 We just learned it from the llamas. Well, how did the llamas learn how to do it? And how did the parrots learn?
 Yeah, animals learn different things to us. That's you know
 But where did the learning start if we're if we're saying that our learning must have come from watching another animal do it
 Their learning must have come from watching another animal and I don't believe the para originated it if anyone's a copier rather than
 originator
 You're right
 I did look up if there was a
 George the fifth potato
 And I don't think there is because the king Edward is named after Edward the seventh specifically
 But there are other things named after king Edward
 so
 There is poulard
 Edward the seventh because he was a big eater basically and he was a famous gormand
 So he had lots of dishes named after him by crawly chefs
 Is that chefs from crawly?
 It is. Yeah. Yeah. He he always he always flew from gatwick. Yeah, he made sure to go by crawly on the way. Um
 Poulard Edward the seventh is chicken stuffed with foie gras which feels like the most decadent thing
 I can possibly imagine eating. Have you guys heard of christina zanato?
 Crustina or christina?
 No, crustina
 Like the why would you assume crostina? How many people even do you think it's crustina?
 Because we're talking about the ocean and we were talking about I thought it might be a crustacea
 The normal person's name christina
 christina zanato
 Um, she is sometimes called the shark whisperer
 Uh, she works in the bahamas and whenever any shark in the bahamas gets a hook in its mouth
 They go and see christina
 Wow, isn't that amazing? What does how's how's the word got out with shark? I don't know she put flies up
 I don't know how they know but
 Ages and ages ago
 There was a shark came up to her and she realized it had a hook in its mouth
 And so she took it out
 And now it does seem that whenever any shark one that she's never met before gets a hook in its mouth
 They somehow know to go to her and get it fixed. They trust but not not when she's not when she's in land
 No, no when she's in a restaurant
 Excuse me. Sorry. Sorry. Um, are you crustacean zanata?
 She scuttles away sideways to finish her meal. Um, so
 Well, you never know there are nine species of shark that can walk so you never know they could enter that restaurant
 That is so cool. But isn't it weird so she she spends loads of time in the water I guess and they just yeah
 She's a diver and a researcher and stuff. She spends a lot of time looking at sharks and looking with sharks
 But she just seems to have according to the article. I read she seems to have this reputation among sharks as being a person
 They can trust if they get a hook in their mouth
 That's incredible. Just insane
 I once went to a restaurant in I can't remember where it was now. Um
 Mauritius, maybe I think and um, it was a floating restaurant and the sharks would swim around
 Where your tables were and the waiters would throw bits of meat into the water to kind of get them to come up and bite and stuff
 And yeah
 I would not order the fish there order. What are sharks dislike? Yeah, toffee. Yeah
 Actually speaking of this there is a story that Isaac Newton and Edmund
 Halley of Halley's Comet fame am I saying that right? I think but yeah, we say you're kidding
 I thought it was Hailey like Bill Hailey and the Comets. There we go. Um, there's a story that Newton and
 Halley Hawley once dissected. This is a nightmare to read out a dolphin in a coffee shop. It's actually a dolphin
 There's a story that they dissected a dissected a dolphin in a coffee shop called the grecian coffee house
 And uh, I've traced it back and maddeningly. I think it's not true. So I'm just here to bust this myth wide open
 Was it a poppus?
 It's a there's a diary of a member of the royal society called thorsby from june 1712 and it says
 In and he says in his diary
 attending the royal society where I found dr. Douglas dissecting a dolphin lately caught in the Thames
 Where were present the president so Isaac Newton both the secretaries the two professors from oxford dr. Halley and keel with others
 Whose company we afterwards enjoyed at the grecian coffee house. Okay, so that to me implies
 They dissected the dolphin then they went for a coffee rather than dissecting the dolphin at the coffee house
 Which makes so much more sense. Yeah, that's the way to yeah
 They're not gonna let you into starbucks with a dead dolphin. Are they they're not going to give you a stamp on your card
 I think it's still is a remarkable story that those two characters were dissecting a dolphin
 In london. I mean that's that's pretty cool. That's the sort of three things. I didn't expect to be near each other
 So that's quite good. Actually virginia wolf is another one who has a famous plaque situation going on right because she lived in the same house
 of george bernard shore
 So they it's I think it's one of the only places with two blue plaques on it
 And they realized that wolf and shore their lives collided much later
 So there's a letter from virginia old to george bernard shore in 1940
 They'd only sort of met a couple of times. They'd stayed in the same country house in 1915
 And it's so flirty. He was in his 80s at the time. She was about to commit suicide
 and
 I hear I hear romantic
 Painted the romantic picture
 He was in his 80s
 She was on the brink of suicide
 Well, she sounded um, she sounded in a good mood in the letter. She said to him
 You have acted a lover's part in my life for the past 30 years
 Wow. Yeah, but presumably his work more than him
 But and he'd already confessed his love to her from another letter saying I fell in love with you the moment
 I saw you all over and she said if you ever drop your handkerchief near my house, you'd be welcome to come on
 I'll pick it up and we can hang out
 Sexy. Wow. Yeah, but they it was very jokey. By the way, they didn't actually fancy each other
 Okay, it's sort of disliked him. Oh, wow
 What? Okay, this is the roller coaster that you said this on
 It was pride and prejudice. They started off not like each other. She thought he was probably a fusty sexist old man
 She said he had the mind of a disgustingly precocious child of two
 And then they gradually warmed to each other over the course of their 40 year romance
 And what was the thing about if he drops his handkerchief? Is that so she can look at his bum or what is that?
 So she can look at his bum. Well, if you drop your handkerchief, he has to bend over to pick it up
 Mate, I didn't get that but now you've said that I think it is. Yes
 It's normally the lady dropping the handkerchief. That's what I thought. Was she saying if you
 You old man drop your handkerchief. I think from what I remember that was the wording
 She did like to invert gender norm sometimes Virginia Woolf. He's in his 80s as well. That's a hell of a bend
 Maybe that's why she's offering to pick it up
 Do you know what the standard dissection kit in America in the 19th century consisted of knife
 Yep knife. Um, you've got the knife. It's oh four seps. I'll give you that fork four seps sound similar
 I'll tell you a saw
 Store box. I bet it did. Yeah. Yeah. Um, there were scissors scissors because very useful for you know cutting through bits of stuff
 Um, there were some hooks. There were some scalpels and there was a blowpipe
 Oh, yeah
 A blowpipe is just a pipe, isn't it really like a pipe blowing was it? Oh, no, it's not it's not just a pipe
 It's it's piped specifically designed to be blown into you wouldn't just blow into any old pipe. Can I guess a theory?
 Yeah, go was it a pipe that was um
 Used for people's bum bums to make sure they weren't dead
 You know the thing where you blow into it in order to so it was just to make sure that your patient was actually dead
 Can I make a guess?
 That may be right what dan said, but I was just thinking maybe
 We already know that a large portion of bodies that were dissected were dolphins
 So did they put it in the blow hole the blowpipe? Very clever. Yes
 I retract my suggestion and I put all my money on james's
 I'll take down suggestion
 Anna, it's just as well. You did it was for the colon. It wasn't to test whether or not people were dead by the time
 They're on the slab. They generally were dead, but it was to make the colon easier to see
 What like during a section to inflate it. Yeah, exactly
 Yeah, so it was for it was for the bottom. Make sure you blow it up suck
 I'm sure it had a very strict instruction on the pipe, Britain. I probably also this site was lowing
 This I saw placing good to the anus
 Ultrasound with animals can be quite difficult. Um, I saw um, there was in london zoo
 They tried to do ultrasound on an acarpi and they had a real problem with that
 Can you can you guess what the problem was with the acarpi ultrasound?
 Can you describe an acarpi again? I can't quite it's like a deer
 Uh, oh so that means it might have antlers
 Uh, acarpis. I don't really have antlers
 It's a bit bigger that it's like a mixture between a deer and a zebra. I would say you know acarpi
 Has it got a lot of confusing orifices on its body and they didn't know where to
 Shove the you tend not to shove. Well, I might get to shoving things in a minute
 But with ultrasound the whole point of it is it's on the outside. You're absolutely right
 I was thinking of an endoscopy and I don't know why because it's my fact and it's about not
 Don't forget that. Um, I'll tell you
 It's so well camouflaged that you can't see where it is to do the ultrasound because they're prey animals
 It's no it's not that it's when you have an ultrasound you have to put this gel on
 Which kind of helps the sound waves to come through and acarpis really love licking it off
 So they really like the taste of it if you put it on there
 There if you're a rhino and you want to look at the reproductive tracts of a rhino
 They're so full of fat that um ultrasound doesn't really work
 But you can do it by going up the bum. So that is kind of where you were coming from Andy
 I think that's what you were thinking of certainly is where I was coming from. Yeah
 Also, that's a massive machine. Are you going into one of those machines because you can't build one of those for a rhino
 What an ultrasound an ultrasound isn't is just like you're firing some
 Sound waves into the body. You're right. It's not like an MRI
 Yeah, you don't want to put a right in an MRI. You're right
 What we've ascertained is very few of us know the difference between an ultrasound and MRI and endoscopy
 Thank god, we're not doctors. Thank god. We're doing a relatively harmless job
 They are amazing trunks because there's no bone in them. There's a hell of a lot of muscles
 they've got way more muscles in their trunk than we have as humans in our entire body and
 It's it's just so weird because it doesn't show up on fossil records as a result
 I just wonder how many animals in history that we have the fossil records of
 Actually, that's amazing appendage a big floppy trunk somewhere every single dinosaur could have a trunk
 Yeah, t rex might have had a massive schnozzer right at the end actually and other like
 Muscley appendages all over their bodies, right? Yes, I've done
 Everything looked like a huge octopus in the olden days, but we've just got no record of the tentacles
 They did one experiment where um participants were asked to take part in ice cream tasting test
 Which I mean, what a great great study to take part in and they were asked to take part with someone else
 And that someone else would either be someone without a visible social stigma or someone with one
 And the social stigma that they would have is they were either obese
 Or they had a scar on their face a disfiguring scar on their face
 And the person who was asked to do the study with them the ice cream tasting test
 If the person without the social stigma ate shed loads of ice cream or hardly any then they'd copy them
 But if it was the obese person or the person with the scar doing it then they wouldn't copy them
 So they overcame that because I guess the idea is that you don't want to mimic someone who is has negative associations
 I can see that with the ice cream like if you see and if the person saw an obese person
 Eating an ice cream and had this kind of idea that obesity was wrong then wouldn't want to be like that
 But the scar is really interesting. I would have thought that you wouldn't copy them if they were running with scissors for instance
 Yeah, if it's a scar often denotes
 perhaps being a pirate or
 Or maybe a gangster and if a gangster was eating lots of ice cream and looking threatening at me
 I would eat lots of ice cream too. Would you I wouldn't risk it in case he wanted mine as well. He obviously likes ice cream
 But also interesting that what mimics people a lot
 Parrots where the parrots live on the shoulders of pirates what the pirates have scars
 This is falling apart this theory. I don't know what you're talking about. This has gone pretty loose
 You guys may remember the eu's wine lake and butter mountain, but I don't have all our listeners will
 Do you guys remember this?
 So this is the idea that the eu creates too much of a certain product and they kind of
 Store it so that the price doesn't go too low
 Exactly. Yeah, so there was a period where the eu countries in total were collectively producing
 1.7 billion extra bottles of wine each year, which feels like an enormous overshoot to me
 And they paid farmers to turn it into ethanol
 So you would go through the whole process of turning grapes into wine
 And then they would just convert it back into undrinkable pure alcohol, but they were incentivized to do so
 And the butter mountain was similar. Yeah, what did they use the alcohol for like industrial stuff?
 I guess. Yeah, it can be used as a fuel, can't it ethanol and um, and the butter think they just made a massive sort of slip slide
 All the way down the Iger
 Yeah
 There was a beef mountain too, which is the unknown third element of the eu food surplus pyramid
 Beef mountain sounds disgusting
 Welcome to beef mountain
 Andy's theme park
 I'm not queuing up for that
 There's a big sausage swing boat
 That's one of the rides
 Um, I was listening to a really great podcast about this whole history of the shang dynasty
 it was called chinese history podcast and
 It was really interesting. There was a bit where the host of it put into context when this period was in time the supposed mythological
 um
 dynasty and it's 1600 bc to 1046 bc was the rough period so in that time
 Tutankhamun and nefertiti were over in egypt. They were living the trojan war was happening
 Moses and he stops what it's not funny. Is it because I said it's a tt
 It's funny. I'm not laughing. That is funny. I actually said titty, didn't I?
 You did yeah, dan, and we didn't hear anything else after that
 I was reading about mary beard the academic. Um, who died in 1956 I think or 58
 Not our mary beard. No, no, no. This is mary ritter beard. Yeah, I know
 My heart stopped and then I thought what she'd been a ghost all this time
 She's got so many great documentaries made because she was there
 It's why she's why she knows so much about history
 Well, mary ritter married chal's austin beard in 1900
 And they were a really amazing couple of intellectuals and mary ritter beard wrote a load of articles
 One of which was a study of the encyclopedia britannica to see how many women were in the encyclopedia britannica
 And basically the answer was not many
 She said she questioned in the article why there was no article on queen even though there was an article on kings
 in the encyclopedia britannica
 She said that there were no women included in the article on health and medicine
 She said according to the article on songs no women sang in europe
 Basically in history and the contributions of nuns choir compositions in singing from women is not recognized at all
 And so she had a right go at the encyclopedia britannica
 And I thought I'd check if she was in britannica today and her husband is and she is
 As far as I can see
 She's mentioned in the article on women's history. This is the online one. I'm not in the office
 So I can't check the actual you've got them behind your head at the moment and so we could check them
 But yeah, as far as I can see she's not in britannica at the moment. Wow. So let's get her in. Yes, nary beard
 That's great. I mean, that's not great that she's not in but that's great. That's
 Oh, the story you told the story you told is great
 Um, wow
 Shall I just see if she's in quickly?
 Yeah, so she chiles austin beard. I think he's in uh, he's in the online version for sure
 If she died in 56, they're not gonna be what what year is that? I mean, you've got this way later than 1956
 This is the nuance like the pedia britannica
 Not the old ones the founded 1768
 Yeah, 1991 fine, right beard. I'm a bittersweet
 Bible, beryllium, berlin wool. This is a great podcast. This is such good content
 And he reads the encyclopedia britannica, but only these titles my word beard chiles austin. Yes
 Then next article is on beard lycan. She's not there. Oh
 It's disgrace not lycan mary
 I read an article about the origins of golf this was in the espm magazine, but they spoke to um, like
 proper historians from scotland
 Because that's where people think it began and the idea is there's a bit of land in between the sea and the bit you can farm
 Which is called the lynx because it links the two bits together and you would kind of keep sheep there
 Or you keep rabbits there or stuff like that keep animals
 But there's quite a boring job and so people would start hitting balls around
 And what this article said and I haven't checked it yet, but it was well sourced is that the bunkers
 You know, there's like the sand traps that you get on a golf course
 They were formed by sheep who would hide behind little hillocks
 Because the wind was so bad in that part of scotland and they would kind of lie down and over years and years and years
 They would make deeper and deeper holes which would get filled with sand
 And he said that the first greens so the greens where you're putting are really flat
 And they're easy to just hit the ball along the ground
 Reckons they could have been rabbit warrens
 Because a rabbit warren would be the rabbit would put a hole in the ground for it to go into and then it would
 Flatten around the area around the warren with its feet to make it flat and they reckon that that's how those might have started
 Wow rabbits gave us golf. That's amazing. And who designed the golf clubs? Was that the badgers?
 That would have been the beavers, right who were making the dams and they just had spare bits of wood. There we go
 That's um, I mean that's do you
 Do you hope that James? I don't believe it at all
 But it was really well sourced and sometimes when things are unbelievable
 But they're said by people who have authority. You kind of have to believe them a little bit. Absolutely plus that's making a really good disney film
 I mean, it's quite a boring disney film if the length of time that james is describing has to take place, you know
 It's just sheep laying down for a very long time
 I don't know if you watch that for like, okay, you have to watch that for a hundred years
 But at the end of the movie you get a game of golf. That's exciting, isn't it?
 That is true. That will really perk things up. Yeah. Yeah
 The one thing more boring than watching a sheep lie down for a hundred years
 Oh, shit, there's a game of golfing in this
 Um, do you know the fastest eating mammal?
 Uh, is it? I thought it was the star dosed mole. Star dosed mole. We did it so Anna we did this last week
 Can't it observe and um swallow a piece of prey in something like 120 milliseconds?
 Yeah, it's something like that and that's even quicker than a human can react to a red light out. Oh, yeah
 That's about 670 milliseconds off the top of my head. Yeah, it's so top of the head top of the head
 If there will insist on recording episodes and I'm not there then it's going to happen
 Isn't the organ on the front of a star dosed mole's face um 12 times more
 Um, what was sensitive sensitive sensitive than a clitoris. I believe so and it's easier to find. Yeah. Yeah
 And I'll tell you what since we recorded last week. I've tested that out and it's true
 Yeah, we did that last week. Sorry. Well, I'm going back on holiday then don't worry about it
 A giraffe would be a good thing to hang in a tree because you can sort of flop the neck over on one side
 And it's quite convenient. It's like its own coat hanger. Yeah. Yeah, that's true. Yeah, that's nice
 Yeah, you could eat it from either side. So you know that lady in the tramps we get he seen
 Imagine two of them gnawing their way up to a kiss the leopards and the giraffe
 I don't want to be the one that ends up with just that scrawny neck and the other one gets the four legs and a body
 I guess maybe it's a race to the body
 It's a closer race on the leg side, isn't it?
 There's not much meat on those legs is there
 Although I don't I think the legs are longer than the neck actually and you've got to get through
 In the giraffe really come on. Yeah, I reckon legs are longer than the neck
 I can't imagine things very well, but I'm surely a giraffe. It's famous for having a long neck
 But and it's like there's this four legs. So if you stack the legs up on top of each other, they probably exceed the leg
 You mean a single leg is longer than a giraffe neck
 Okay, I I never never ever google in this podcast, but I'm going to do it now. What a giraffe looks like
 The only reason they're famous for the neck thing is because other animals don't have the long neck guys
 Other animals have the long legs. So we don't go on about it. Sorry. Who here is voting that the neck is longer because I am
 I'm saying front front legs longer. It's pretty close actually. Was it?
 Yeah, I mean, I'm not willing. I'm looking at google images and I'm not willing to make a call on it
 Oh my god. No. Yeah
 Okay, interesting. I'm looking at an illustration sure and then there's a bouncy castle one next to it
 Which has much shorter legs guys at the same length the average legs are six feet long the average neck is six feet long
 Sorry, I went to actual facts rather than pictures. I know I was supposed to do things
 What a coincidence that your legs are the same imagine
 Would you rather have a neck that was the same length as your legs or legs that were the same length as your neck?
 Easy answer for a giraffe is what we're saying, right?
 They've got it just right. Wow. Oh, that's nice. So nobody wins and nobody loses
 What a happy ending. What about the tail?
 Okay, that's it. That's all of our facts
 Thank you so much for listening if you would like to get in contact with me
 You can go onto twitter and you can message me at james harkin if you'd like to speak to andrew you can go to his twitter
 Which is @andrewhunterm dan schreiber is also on twitter
 His twitter handle is @Shrieberland and Anna Toshinsky is still not on twitter
 But you can get in touch with her by going to your email server
 I'm putting in the address podcast at qi.com
 If you have something more general to say you can go to the group twitter account, which is @NoSuchThing
 And if you would like to learn anything else about us you can go to no such thing as a fish.com
 And that is also the place where you can get tickets to come and see us live on our massive tour
 It's going to be really really exciting. It's going to be a first half which we have not yet written
 So god knows what it'll be
 But it'll be definitely a load of fun with loads of facts and loads of silliness in the last tour
 I sang baby shark for anyone who wasn't there
 Uh, I definitely won't be doing that this time
 But the second half will be a normal podcast, but it'll be the full unedited version
 So you'll get all of these kind of silly bits that you heard in today's compilation
 You will hear them live and for real and probably a lot of things that will never ever ever ever make it to air
 So if you want tickets to that then go to no such things to fish.com or you can actually go to qi.com/fishevent
 It'll take you to the very same place
 We will be back well rather they will be back with a very special guest next week
 And we as a group will continue making these podcasts every single week as we have done for the last 300 days two weeks
 And as we will continue to do so until they don't let us do it anymore. We'll see you soon. Goodbye
 Hi
 You
 You
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
