 (phone ringing)
 (upbeat music)
 - Hi, welcome to Drop As Aligned.
 This is the audience feedback show
 where we go through your emails,
 which I've been reading
 and these guys haven't seen them at all.
 - Emails that you've sent us,
 Andy hasn't been going through your emails.
 - I've been going through your emails.
 (laughs)
 And you should be ashamed of yourself actually.
 - You're not gonna get ExpressVPN.
 - We, we've given you every chance.
 - All right, here we go.
 Let's start with some spicy meat.
 - Oh, great.
 - From Ian, Dear Fishers and Elves.
 Bob Anderson was mentioned in a recent episode.
 - The Darts player.
 - The swordsman.
 - Okay.
 - I don't mean with the ladies.
 I mean--
 - The Darth Vader he played.
 - Yes, the choreographer of sword fighting.
 Who was an Olympic sword champion?
 This is an episode you missed, Dan.
 - He was a fencer.
 - Yeah, he was a fencer, that's right.
 And he played Darth Vader.
 - He did the physical fights for Darth Vader.
 - So David Prowse was Darth Vader in the normal scenes.
 - Exactly, I was in the third person to play Vader.
 - Did not know that.
 - There we go.
 Bob Anderson was mentioned.
 You might like to know this.
 When talking to Bob after a saber coaching seminar
 decades ago.
 - Saber coach.
 - Pretty cool.
 I asked him, who was the most talented swordsman
 or woman he'd worked with in Hollywood?
 He had no doubt, Madonna.
 - Sorry.
 - Was that for the Bond music clip?
 - Yes.
 - She was a single, she did with lots of,
 she had lots of die another day.
 - Yeah, she did a, and she did the single,
 the music video I think with her fencing as well.
 - Yeah.
 - Absolute natural fencer apparently.
 - I have fenced and it is probably,
 of all the spots that I've tried,
 the next morning I struggled most to get out of bed.
 - Really?
 - Yeah.
 - How interesting.
 - Cause it really stretches muscles
 that you're not really used to stretching.
 - Yeah.
 - They groin quite a lot of those groin muscles.
 - Did some fencing.
 - Yeah.
 - Yeah, but I didn't experience that,
 but that's because I was eight years old
 at the time I was doing it.
 - Yeah.
 - Right, yes.
 - That'll help.
 - But you know, it was fun.
 - Like a virgin?
 - Ah, well at the time, yeah.
 And for some time afterwards actually.
 But that's an incredible, that's great.
 Here's one from Peter Dixon.
 Recently Anna, I believe, introduced a fact
 about the speed of effluent during its travels
 along sewers being walking pace.
 - Oh yes, I think I was off for this one.
 - Ah, okay.
 My brain playing snap fact,
 immediately responded with the fact
 put forward by E.B. White, the great naturalist,
 who noted based on years of records
 that spring traveled north at walking pace
 in the British Isles.
 - That's true.
 - Are there other things that move at walking pace?
 - Oh my gosh.
 - Well firstly, E.B. White,
 I wouldn't have said naturalist as his opening thing.
 Author of Charlotte's Web,
 author of one of the handbooks for writing.
 - The one who wrote that guy.
 - But it was a naturalist.
 - He did write about nature.
 I think he wrote a lot about nature
 and he loved living in a cell.
 - I think we did him on the show, didn't we?
 - We did.
 - We did section on him, yeah.
 - I mean, what's Charlotte's Web about if not nature?
 What is a spider if not a piece of the natural world?
 - It's about a talking pig.
 (all laughing)
 - That is a great part of the super natural world.
 (all laughing)
 - Yeah, so I mean other things that move at walking pace,
 challenge.
 - Like future shoes.
 - When they're walking.
 - He said humans are disqualified,
 rules out what Tyler, Mao Zedong, Nelson Mandela, et cetera.
 (all laughing)
 - That's a very funny joke.
 - Classic humans.
 - Oh, because the long walk to freedom.
 - Exactly, yeah.
 - And Mao Zedong's long march.
 - Yeah.
 - Sorry, that's, no, that's good.
 That's how I've read that.
 I didn't get that.
 - And what Tyler's presence revolved,
 which I guess was mostly done on foot.
 - Hmm.
 - Okay, so what other things move at the speed
 of a human walking?
 - We can leave it be for the moment
 and we can come back to it if you guys think of it.
 - Shrieker, is this like homework?
 Next time, I'll come back with some answers.
 - I'm just gonna write homework.
 - The speed of waves rolling onto a sandy beach.
 Lovely.
 - They're usually quite a bit fast.
 They're usually a lot faster than that.
 - Oh, no, they could be about that.
 - It's very gentle.
 - Yeah, what happens is you walk along the beach
 and then a wave comes along
 and you have to jog out of the way of it, don't you?
 So it's slightly more than a walk.
 - Yes, you're right, that's a jog.
 Yes, okay, but good.
 We've eliminated the ocean.
 That's good.
 (all laughing)
 When I got this email from Peter,
 my mind immediately went to,
 are you fingering at us?
 - No, I go, "Walk, I said it, actually they don't."
 - Your fingernails move at the same pace
 as the Earth's tectonic plates.
 - That's what I was thinking of.
 It's different, yeah.
 Well, let's move on,
 and we can come back to a walking pace thing.
 - I seem to remember on one of the planets,
 I wanna say it's Mars, but it could be Venus,
 that the sunset moves approximately at that pace.
 You can walk and like have a forever sunset.
 - You're so right.
 - That's great.
 - We mentioned that recently.
 - It is romantic.
 - I think it's one of the nearest to the sun planets.
 - I'm gonna say Venus.
 - Yeah, well, it's either that or Mercury.
 - Mercury, I'm gonna say Mercury.
 Final answer.
 - Anyway, it's very romantic is my point.
 That's really, that's lovely.
 - That's lovely.
 - Oh, shadows.
 - Oh, that's good, unless you're running.
 (all laughing)
 - Here's one from Aaron.
 In a recent episode,
 Anna said leeches were kept as pets in the past
 as a leech keeper myself.
 I can say leeches are definitely still kept as pets today.
 - Great correction.
 - So many people,
 the number of times I've gone into the park
 and people are dragging the pet leash on a leech.
 Leech on a leash.
 - Yeah, it can't move a leech food in the pet shop.
 (all laughing)
 Sorry, Aaron, you're right.
 It's got a very common thing to do and I take it back.
 - That's so funny.
 Pretty much anything we could say on this podcast,
 it'll be like, "Oh, do you know that they used to have bars?"
 Some of them write it going, "What do you mean, used to?"
 (all laughing)
 Here's one from Alex Bailey.
 On Drop As A Line in October, 2023.
 All right.
 You were puzzled by a listener who wrote in saying,
 "You once claimed the Buddhist monks
 drink through their penises."
 - Oh, yeah.
 (all laughing)
 - I listened to the relevant app the other day
 and though I can't tell you the number,
 I can confidently say,
 - Oh, God.
 - Sorry, this is a bit blue, this one.
 It was about them sucking their semen back in
 so as not to waste their life force playing jack-in-lating.
 - Yes.
 - And it's the speed of which they suck it back in,
 as I say, there's a walkie-talkie here.
 (all laughing)
 - There's another bit of the email saying,
 the second thing is,
 "I lived in Melbourne for many years
 and the arpeggio at the start of Wasps
 sounds uncannily like the ones that used to play
 before the announcement at Flinders Street Station."
 - Okay.
 - ♪ Do, do, do, do, do ♪
 - Yeah.
 - That bit.
 - Interesting.
 - It is interesting because the man who wrote that song
 lived in Australia for a while.
 - Yeah.
 - Maybe that's where he got it.
 - So is that part of it?
 Is that plagiarism?
 (all laughing)
 - I don't know, but if that was the case,
 that would be the second song that I know of
 that samples street sound from a,
 so Billie Eilish's "Bad Guy."
 She samples when you press an Australia
 to go across the road
 it makes the noises they sampled that and that's that's part of the drum beat of bad guy. That's good. So that would make it too.
 Trying to put in that buzzing noise that your phone makes a vibrating noise because there are some songs I listen to and every point of the song I think, oh, I've got a text. I get that as well.
 I think it's probably a coincidence. I think because there are a few tracks that I listen to that that happens. It's annoying, isn't it? Yeah, it's really annoying.
 That's my phone only ever goes. No songs ever have that. Well, that is actually that's a song, isn't it? That's an old Spanish classical song.
 What's this? Yes, here's one from Adam Rodriguez. On July's episode of Drop As A Line, Andy suggested Old Fish as a name for a segment where people dredge things up from bygone eras.
 I humbly suggest that you instead name it after one of America's first business tycoons, Preserved Fish. Oh, yeah, I remember him. What did he do?
 He was one of America's first business tycoons. It's at a Bible name when they just used to name themselves by opening the Bible at random, putting their finger down.
 Great name to preserve it. I'm not convinced that he didn't work in some kind of seafood industry as well, trying to remember him. No, isn't that Captain Birdseye?
 Yeah, I remember Preserved Fish, but I can't remember the context. It does seem like maybe we'd remember him because we made it a QI fact that he worked in a fish industry.
 But maybe just because it's a funny name. And I can imagine Preserved being a biblical name. God has Preserved you.
 Ellie Miller of Austin, Texas writes, listening to Dan say the word Australia at the end of episode 538, brackets to rhyme with failure, which I know is normal, but different from the American pronunciation.
 Australia. It reminded me of the first ever English language poetry published in Australia. It was by an Englishman barrister named Baron Field, who was a friend of Charles Lamb, who's quite famous, and wrote a 12 page volume of verse in 1819.
 And here, just here a few of the lines from it, kangaroo, kangaroo, thou spirit of Australia, that redeems from utter failure and perfect desolation, and warrants the creation of this fifth part of the earth, which would seem an after birth, not conceived in the beginning.
 For God blessed his work at first and saw that it was good, but emerged at the first sinning when the ground was therefore cursed, and hence this barren wood.
 That's great. That should be the National Anthem. Can you imagine the National Anthem for Australia when they start up going, kangaroo, oh, kangaroo.
 So thank you for that, Ellie. It's great. Here's an expert voice. This is brilliant.
 We have a name for that. Dave. No, we don't have a name for that. We should have a sort of sting.
 Like a, what would you call them, a boffin?
 Yeah, boffin corner. We've got spicy meat. We've got old fish and now like boffin, boffin something. We'll work on it.
 Oh, actually, I was going to say we need a fish theme, but isn't boff B-O-F-F is a very feckin female fish, I think.
 And fins are what you find on a fish. There we go. It's called boff fins. Yeah, writing it down.
 I think it's big old feckin female boff, and that's in terms of fish. Is that genuinely true?
 I'm pretty sure. And then fins, as Dan says, are also fish related.
 Wow, it's so nice to be there at the moment of creation. Boff fins. Unlike Australia, of course.
 So this is great. On the subject, Dave Pearson says, hello. On the subject of unexploded bombs, I work as a freelance hydrographical survey consultant
 to take work playing "Find the Bombs" using radiometers, magnetometers and various sonars.
 Building something offshore, like a wind farm or whatever. And he says, I can tell you there are unexploded bombs all over the place.
 Do you remember we discussed that one that was in the wash, is it? Or in the Thames? And it's like a huge bomb there.
 And one day it might go off and it just blasts the entire south of England.
 That sheds a tsunami towards us. And people go out and keep putting things near it.
 It is off the coast of Lincoln somewhere, I think. Not in the wash. Like someone's put it in the wash. Don't put your bombs in the wash.
 But the reason there are so many is not because of what was dropped in anger. It was if a bomber had to turn back or failed to drop the payload,
 they would have to dump their bombs. And so they did that out of the sea, because the sea is there.
 So yeah, and he says, for what it's worth, I wouldn't go near them in a tank either. We don't tend to disturb them.
 It's just better to spend a bit extra rerouting cables. And then you just move the cables a bit and fine.
 Yeah, amazing. Dave from Oakland, California says, the discussion about drovers and herring lasses,
 knitting as they made their respective journeys across the country, was pretty cute.
 It got me thinking about that as a theme for a folk song in the style of the Decemberists.
 I'm not very musically talented, but with the current AI boom, it is pretty trivial to prompt a machine to fill in where talents fail.
 And he's attached a song, a lyrics song and lyrics.
 And it's the lyrics are thread of fate. It's the name of the song.
 Okay.
 Shall I read you the first verse also?
 Yeah.
 "Drover walks alone in the dawn." Remember, this has come up with AI, so we can be rude about it. That's fine.
 "Drover walks alone in the dawn. Herring lass with nets so worn. On the road they meet by chance. Wondering gaze, a fleeting glance.
 Thread of yarn between their hands. Tie them close across the lands. Winter's chill and summer's heat. In their hearts the yarn will beat."
 And there are several more verses.
 I like it.
 That's fine.
 I'd buy that.
 Pretty good.
 Is that in the December, the Russian nobles who rose up against the Tsar in the early 19th century?
 Yep, that's right.
 That's right.
 There's a controversial thing here from Sherry Bluebond.
 I was listening to your July 22, I don't know if that's July 2022.
 On the 22nd of July.
 Probably that.
 "Drop as a lion episode. And you folks seem surprised that people in Canada can still buy, I can't believe it's not better."
 James, I think this was something you said, I'm so sorry.
 Honestly, I think this is what I've had the most correspondence with.
 We've had a lot of people saying you can buy it in England, you can buy it here, you can buy it there, you can buy it everywhere.
 You buy it in England?
 Apparently, yeah.
 I can't believe it.
 So why did we think it had gone out of production?
 I think you have to go to a very specialist place to get it in England.
 Do you? It's not in Tokyo.
 There was someone saying I was on Piccadilly's circus, there was an entire stand of ot... I don't know.
 But look, this is the only reason I mentioned this.
 Yeah.
 It's because she's attached a photo, Sherry, of a bottle of squirty, I can't believe it's not butter.
 Yeah, that looks like a disinfectant kind of thing.
 But weirdly, that is sort of liquid.
 That makes it easier for me to believe that it isn't butter.
 Yes, Sherry.
 You know what I mean?
 Ah, but that's working against the titans.
 Exactly, I can't believe that's not butter.
 Yeah, have a look.
 Of course.
 Yeah, I can't believe it's not washing up liquid.
 Yeah, she's in LA.
 Oh, yeah.
 Well, they have all sorts of LA, don't they?
 I think it is on sale in the UK, though, James.
 I never thought it had gone on sale.
 I don't know how many censors was that.
 They've got all sorts of LA.
 I'm just looking.
 It's before days.
 I just can't quite see it.
 Your one-man campaign against the existence of this product.
 It still exists.
 If anyone comes on tour and gives me a tub,
 if I can't believe it's not butter,
 I'll send them a badge.
 Only the first person to do it.
 Oh, that's great.
 Anyway, yeah, sorry about that.
 This is a great one from Nathan Dwyer.
 I think this is another boffin.
 I've listened to the show since 2021
 for 200 hours plus on Spotify each year.
 And I can't thank you all enough for the nearly
 800 hours of entertainment and learning and fun.
 It's very nice.
 My favourite factory tell is the man who set off
 on a 38-day trip across Antarctica,
 who only packed one pair of underwear
 and shared himself on Day 16.
 It's a great fact.
 I don't remember that.
 Yeah, I remember that.
 Because he wanted to make room for all the weird snacks
 he had, didn't he?
 He was saving space.
 Was he the one who had all the energy bars?
 Yes.
 I think they're called Colin bars or something.
 And he had them all in the second day.
 And that's why he shot himself, wasn't it?
 He lost all self-control.
 Anyway, however,
 I think the quote that I've retold the most,
 this is interesting, was Dan's line,
 "It's not only happy that dogs wag their tails when they are."
 OK?
 Now, Nathan says...
 Maybe that was a bad edit.
 Nathan Dwyer says,
 "I'm a linguistics PhD student studying syntax."
 And this is a perfect example
 of what's called an island violation in syntax.
 Basically, you're not supposed to be able to move happy
 to the front like this in order to focus on the word happy
 because it originates in a relative clause
 that it cannot be extracted out of. OK.
 Can you say the sentence first again?
 "It's not only happy that dogs wag their tails when they are."
 That actually works for me now that you're in here.
 Dan, you do speak a little bit like that,
 but that's fine because that's just the way you are,
 but usually I've changed the sentences around.
 Yeah, but that's...
 I don't know if that's my having learnt Mandarin as a kid as well,
 West Central Structure is in different spots.
 Maybe, though.
 He says, "I'd love to publish a paper someday documenting island violations
 in naturalistic speech, and this example would be front and centre."
 Great. Yeah.
 That's really interesting because that poem about Australia
 was a bit of an island violation.
 Yes.
 Superb.
 Hamish Duckmantan.
 Brilliant name.
 Hamish Duckmantan.
 Duckmantan.
 Yeah, beautiful.
 "I'm a volunteer firefighter from Victoria, Australia."
 Yay.
 "And I thought I'd add to your firefighter facts.
 In Victoria, we can fill our fire trucks from any water source, including pools."
 Cool.
 "And they have a lot of fires and areas away from water mains,
 so they do need to."
 "And they're just repeating the facts that we said."
 You know what I mean.
 I'm afraid that was almost verbatim
 what Anna said on the day.
 Okay, here we go. Here's a bet. Well, he goes on.
 Yes.
 "We also use quite a lot of helicopters because of our large bushfires.
 One type is an Erickson Sky Crane,
 which can carry 9,000 litres
 and suck it up in its snorkel in about a minute.
 Okay?
 But if it has a long lake available,
 it can put down a hard snorkel,
 skim across the surface
 and suck the water up in half the time."
 Lovely.
 A hard snorkel.
 It sounds filthy. I'm going to put down a hard snorkel.
 Give me a hard snorkel.
 "You scoop up into your snorkel by just popping it down
 and then pushing it along the surface of the water."
 Right.
 Okay, like a dust pan and brush kind of maneuver.
 Pretty good.
 No, that is cool and thank you for the work that you do.
 Mr Duck Mountain or whatever you're...
 Can you go...
 Long night on the Duck Mountain.
 Yeah.
 Arthur Purvis writes,
 "I love your podcast.
 Your facts are so interesting
 and you always make me laugh in some way or another
 like an observation with trams.
 Did you know that after..."
 This is relevant, actually, and I thought of this.
 I wondered if you guys think of the same thing.
 Did you know that after Donald Trump was shot in the ear
 in the summer of 2024,
 many of his supporters bandaged their own ears
 in recognition of his injury?"
 Yes.
 And with a limp who got her limp impersonated.
 Princess Alexandra or something.
 Dan Martin.
 She had a limp and people in the court started,
 "Okay, it made me think of
 Louis XIV's anal fistula."
 Yes.
 Remember? Because he had a thing in his bottom
 and a lot of people in the court
 after he had the operation wore bandages
 because it became fashionable.
 And they walked around with bandages on their bums.
 Yes, it's the same thing.
 That is so interesting, isn't it?
 They're a good company.
 Big complaint for something I think that I said.
 Uh-oh.
 Dun, dun, dun.
 It's had a couple of complaints on it.
 John G. Erickson.
 "I am an American with an electric kettle."
 Because, yeah, this is going to be you.
 "My mother and sister have electric kettles.
 Lots of people in America have electric kettles."
 None of us have ever seen "I Can't Believe It's Not Butter."
 None of us have ever seen "I Can't Believe It's Not Butter."
 None of us have ever seen "I Can't Believe It's Not Butter."
 Your claim on this week's list that Americans
 don't have them is just not true.
 I might have claimed it. They have them far, far less.
 Come on. Yeah, like, literally,
 Americans, if you're listening to this
 and I'm sure some of you are,
 tell all your mates that we have them
 in every single house.
 In every room of the house.
 Yeah, more than one kettle, most people.
 We've got a thing in our house, by the way,
 which is that Finella often buys
 her kettles from Europe.
 You see why I mean Americans?
 Everyone in the house has their own kettles.
 The biggest marry Antoine energy
 I've ever heard.
 So she gets her kettles from
 Europe and...
 They're fabricates, aren't they?
 They keep breaking, right?
 And I said to her, "Hun, why do you keep
 buying kettles that break? It's a cat like,
 how is this possible?" And she said,
 "Stop buying first class, did you leave her?
 You could have bought another one.
 Or just buy two on the same flight, please."
 So she says
 that the reason they keep breaking,
 she loves the style of the kettles that they have,
 but they keep breaking because
 no other country uses kettles
 at the rate that the British do.
 Therefore, ours are like built to survive.
 Whereas, so her rate
 of making tea, the kettle is just like,
 this is too much and it...
 You know what, I think she's absolutely right about that.
 But it does, because she...
 And it does make me think that now she's
 realised that, why is she continuing
 to buy the kettles? Oh, because they look great.
 You know, it's fashion over...
 What I would say to Fen,
 and what I will say to her next time we see her,
 is buy one for show
 and then just have another little one underneath
 the counter, a good old British one
 that will do it quickly. And then
 pour, it's like having a Hendricks
 gin bottle that you
 pour crap gin into. Yes.
 All posh soap bottles, I've actually
 done this, those e-soap soap,
 just pour your Audi value.
 So pour crap kettle, hot water into
 the kettle and then bring that up
 and say, I'll be using this one for your tea.
 One
 controversial thing can I just say about tea is that
 I think it's better
 to have it on a stove top. Now, I
 don't, but I grew up because
 of, you know, who I am,
 in a family that had an aga for some portion
 of my life. Yeah, okay,
 get over it. And
 so we'd boil the kettle on the aga
 and that means that you don't, because
 you know you mustn't make tea unless
 the water is literally boiling. Right.
 That's if you've read George Orwell's essay
 on tea. So the only way to make tea is that
 everyone gather around the aga
 we're going to recharge our wells
 on the aga tea. I did notice
 you were the only one not giving me shit about
 vanilla buying European kettles and that came out.
 You will have an aga in every room.
 Thank you.
 Everyone's got a water related
 poshness here. So Dan's wife buys
 kettles in
 my garden.
 Anna only will have aga
 and James' cat is
 slurping up the heavy head. Yeah.
 What's my, I must have, logically I must have
 what you will have. We'll find it, we'll find it.
 Anyway, the aga you don't have to rush so when the kettle
 clicks, do you find yourselves doing that? You have
 to sort of stay near the kettle all the time because you have
 to rush to it to pour it on the tea.
 I'm not as militant as you are. I think you're very
 like, it has to be big bubbles
 of water and I will sometimes wait 10 seconds.
 See, I always got nervous making you tea. There's a thing
 which I absolutely didn't take part in.
 I feel like James, maybe you didn't as well
 where on the wall of the QI office, there's like
 a tea chart of how everyone's like,
 "I need the bag in for this long, I need this kind of milk."
 No, it was I like green tea.
 What a great colleague you are that you deserve
 so you refuse to acknowledge people's tea
 preference because you've never made anyone tea down.
 It's fun to make a cup of tea for anyone else's life. That is a lie.
 Well, I make tea. You sent mine back
 because you're like too milky. I guess I should have looked at the chart.
 Well, it was nice to be in the podcast while
 I lasted. And wasn't it
 predictable that this is how it would end?
 Just to drag it back to...
 I'm sorry, Dan. You've made me tea in the past, I'm sure.
 You should be glad in America you don't have kettles.
 You don't have this kind of blowout.
 Well, the last time we had a visitor in our home
 from America recently
 who came down early
 in the morning, got the kettle,
 filled it up with water, put it on the hob.
 Oh.
 Melted the kettle.
 Housebone down.
 Just sort of like this is just
 like early morning, not really thinking straight yet.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Chris Diver.
 I finally subscribed to Club Fish.
 Sorry about this, Chris.
 Andy keeps mentioning spicy meat.
 And I looked online to try and find
 what the spiciest meat is.
 Oh, yeah.
 There's a place in Texas, Brackets, not
 Houston.
 Houston. Houston.
 I've gotten in trouble about that before.
 That's why you've written up, I reckon.
 It's like Zebra. I just don't know Zebra.
 I don't know how to say it anymore.
 It's the first time, then.
 I can't remember what I said.
 I say Zebra. You should, in theory,
 say Zebra for your accent.
 It's one of the, I'm so frightened
 and confused of these words now, I just don't say them anymore.
 Anyway, there's a place in Texas.
 Texas. Outside Houston.
 Yep.
 That do a Valhalla death sausage.
 And I was wondering if you could perhaps do a taste of it
 for me.
 I think Andy's Sausage Podcast
 is
 ready, isn't it?
 I think that would be a banger.
 Oh, no.
 Is that the name of it?
 Bangers.
 Andy's Sausage Party.
 There we go.
 Sausage Party has been used, unfortunately.
 I know, but for a different format.
 Medium.
 Jill Goodfellow writes about
 Spanker.
 Loved your last podcast.
 This was the election one we did.
 But having worked pretty well on all the elections
 of all types over the last 30 years
 in our packages of kit from shore and sun,
 which was the company we talked about,
 we have never been supplied with a Spanker.
 Really?
 I think we've been shortchanged.
 On rare occasions that we have a full box,
 we have to resort to the shore supplied ruler
 to tamp the papers down.
 Jill, you fool.
 It's...
 It's a plastic ruler that they provide you
 to push the safest out.
 Poor Jill.
 Where's the Spanker?
 There are a lot of rulers in the corner
 for every year.
 Oh, she must have been so excited
 if she was listening to this episode.
 Andy's brought up my email.
 Jill, you fucking moron.
 I didn't say that.
 I gently and politely said, "You fool."
 That's very funny.
 And she's a poll clerk.
 She's keeping democracy together here.
 Oh, God, and we respect her.
 We do. Thank you, Jill, for your service.
 There's another email here
 which does come with a photo from Dana May Gaynor.
 What a great name.
 Sorry, Dana May Gaynor.
 Dana May Gaynor.
 I thoroughly enjoyed your recent show,
 but I regret to inform you there is such a thing
 as sausage cats.
 The breed is called munchkin,
 and these cats have extremely short legs
 on a normal cat body, so they're much longer
 than they are tall. See here.
 Oh, yeah.
 She's included a picture of quite a long cat
 with short legs. Fair enough.
 She actually looks a bit like my cat,
 but if you took the middle bit
 of another cat and then sort of
 spliced it in.
 Like how they make cruise ships bigger.
 Exactly, yeah.
 Nice. Anyway, great email.
 Dana May. Good to know.
 Nice to see the cat.
 Bye.
 No, thank you for listening, everyone.
 That was Drop of the Line, another month over.
 I've just realised, by the way,
 that I think the word we've invented boffin
 might be the only word in the English language
 with a quadruple F,
 because I've just remembered the boff has a triple F.
 I think it's big old fecund female fish,
 and then we need to have fin.
 We need to have fin.
 So that's boffin.
 Quadruple F. Isn't that cool?
 What a great last thought to crowbar in
 as we do the outro. Thank you, Anna.
 As we get to the fin.
 Wow.
 But if you've enjoyed this kind of
 razor sharp rep RT
 and you want more of it, you just have to wait
 a month and remain a member of Club Fish.
 You don't need to do anything, actually.
 But do write in if you've been affected
 by any of the issues raised in this programme.
 We're here for it.
 Podcast@QI.com. Please do keep writing in
 unless it's about a mistake we've made
 or unless it's about, I can't believe it's not butter
 because I think that's just closed that box now.
 Thanks very much. See you next time.
 Bye.
 [Music]
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
