 [Bell]
 Do you know what it is? Who do you want to work at?
 [Bell]
 [Bell]
 [Bell]
 [Bell]
 Hello and welcome to another episode of
 No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast
 this week coming to you from the wilderness festival!
 [Cheering]
 My name is Dan Schreiber and I'm sitting here with Ani Chazinski, James
 Harkin and Andrew Hunter Murray and once again we have gathered around the
 microphones with our four favorite facts from the last seven days
 and in no particular order, here we go. Starting with our first
 fact, this week that's my fact. My fact is, according to a new scientific
 study, the best way to perform CPR is to do it while humming
 the Macarena. How cool is that? And I think they recommend humming it because
 they probably don't believe if you're trying to save someone life and you're
 going "hamadamba temadamba temamakarena, you're the right person to be doing it."
 Are they even chalyrics? Are you just dead then?
 Does anyone know the actual lyrics? I think everyone knows the word macarena
 and know what the word in that song is. Yeah, exactly. But it's what it is about
 this song is that it has a BPM so every song has a B per minute and this BPM
 is 103 and as a result, when they're trying to teach people the perfect
 counts that you need on a chest as you're trying to save someone's life,
 the macarena happens to be the perfect amount. And before that, they used to
 think it was staying alive by the beaches. That's right.
 Because that's about 103 or 104 as well. Yeah. But actually also maybe it's
 supposed to be about 100 is the best, right? But macarena is good because
 everyone kind of knows the beat of that so it's good to do. But I thought I'd
 look at some others that are 100 beats per minute. So if anyone's having a
 heart attack, you should try these ones. Crazy and loved by Beyoncé.
 Yeah. Independent women by Destiny's Child.
 Any of these work. Hips don't lie by Shakira. That's my favourite.
 Or my chemical romance dead. Yeah. Not a good one.
 That's not a good one. I've found a few more. So Simon and Garfunkel bridge over
 Troubled Water. If it's just a nice mood, you want to chill everyone out with that?
 Sometimes the situation doesn't need something fun.
 Okay. Sometimes poignancy is needed.
 Well, the way they sing that on the X Factor, which is the slowest song in the
 history of time. Oh, okay. Well, how about this one?
 It doesn't have any beat. It doesn't have any beat. You just, you'd pause on
 Lacka Bridge. That is how you do slow.
 Da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da
 It gets to the next. It's a good way of multitasking and fair sharing. So Macarena is by lost Del Rio. Yes
 Okay, and this is very much a one-hit wonder isn't it? They never had any other hits. Oh James
 I have got at least one of the other hits right here on my paper. What? It's Macarena Christmas
 It's released about 18 months after Macarena and it is a kiddie not the worst song ever released
 It's a it's a medley of jingle bells joined to the world rude off the Red Nose reindeer and the Macarena
 Wow, and they just break off and they do a bit of Macarena
 I'm at least I think five or six albums. One of them was Macarena non-stop
 Which the compilation album it only has eight tracks and five of them at the Macarena
 But you know what's amazing about lost Del Rio this band they got together in
 1964 I believe it was 62 or 64 the same year that the Rolling Stones got together
 Okay, they had their hit 32 years into their career
 That was finally they were like should we give up I'm sure we're gonna hit it one day mates
 Let's do it and they did and then they must have thought wow
 We've made it and that was the end of their career. Yeah
 That's still going that's still performing. But are they I when I'm researching this I read an article from
 1999 the headline of which was does anyone remember the Macarena? I mean, and that's what was that what a stupid article
 Everyone remembers the Macarena I watched a video you know you come see these on YouTube where they show teenagers stuff from the 90s
 Or whatever and see if they know what it is. Yeah, every single one of them knew what the Macarena was
 Yeah, no one knew the band, but they all knew the song. Yeah, and in 2003 so that's 10 years after the record was released
 They were still making a quarter of a million dollars a year royalties. Wow
 And it's extraordinary the original Macarena dance there was an original this that was the second dance
 It was when they made the video when there was a remix done of the song the first one was an incredibly complicated flamingo dance
 That was done in clubs. You would have to be an expert in order to do it
 It had doubled the amount of moves that the original
 Verse had was invented by a don't like a random aerobic teacher or dance teacher or something. Yeah, me a fire
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, or me a fry. She was in the video clip and so she wanted something that kids could dance to and adults
 Who have to go to nightclubs, but don't know how to dance could dance to so the four of us bow to her
 You've saved us actually Macarena. It's about a woman called Macarena
 But the name Macarena was originally Mac Delayna and it was just a word for like a sensuous woman and it comes from Mary Mac Delayna
 Then it was a word for any kind of prostitute and then it was a word for a sensuous woman, right?
 So really it should be hey Mac Delayna hey prostitute
 Well, and it's about a woman who prostitute in the song the lyrics are actually the woman saying
 Don't worry about my boyfriend. He's gone off to fight
 You two are his best mates. Do you want to shag and said is that Macarena?
 It's not a good message to be sending 12 year olds at this goes no
 This is this is just a little nugget. I enjoyed it went to number one in France
 It went to number one in a number of countries, but not in the UK not in the UK
 because because it was the world by
 TLC no one to be by the spice girls. No
 Wow, that's bad look wasn't it because it's like the biggest song of all time
 But yeah, I'm up against there was a big there was a big gospel around the room at that 20-year-old chopped news. Yeah
 Hey guys and blood be to aces to number one as well
 How do you think they were probably sad but quietly confident going? It's all right
 We've got Macarena Christmas in the bag. We'll be
 We'll be back and then to become one came out they have
 So in France they went to number one. Do you know what song they knocked off the number one?
 Oh, it's a French song. No, no, it's gonna regret re-en the only French time anyone knows
 It was the theme tune to the ex files. Oh, yeah
 That was number one that was number one in France. I think that was the one that you oh it did well in the UK
 Isn't that tubular bells Mike feel Mike old field did a cover of it later. How weird is that?
 You're thinking the exorcist. Yeah. Yeah. Should we talk about CPR?
 Yes
 If you have a problem with CPR as in so a lot of people are quite light and it's you need a lot of pressure to get
 Someone's just deep enough to get the blood flowing while you wait for the ambulance
 So if you are like a tip is to jump on the person who you're trying to administer you could actually be doing the macarena
 Well, kind of yes you could
 Wow, sorry. I say tip and I like there's no medical advice on this stage. I think I was better say yes
 Don't use this tip. There is a doctor though who does recommend using the feet
 I think people have said especially if you're a bit older
 You've lost some of your muscle strength and but also advice now or advice releasing 2010
 It's always changing is don't do the breathing anymore none of the snogging you just do the hands to the heart
 Don't you just do the heart. So you're doing a bit there isn't so much fun. Yeah, exactly just the jumping up and down
 The mouth to mouth one is really weird because it kind of was discovered in the 18th century
 And then it just got forgotten about for about 50 to 100 years and basically no one did it at all
 And then it came back and the reason they stopped it is because they realized what was coming out of your mouth when you breathe
 And it's carbon dioxide and they were saying well, what's the point of breathing carbon dioxide into someone's lungs because they breathe oxygen
 Yeah, and you know what the answer is to know why that's not true
 No, it's because when you breathe in and breathe out you actually only absorb about 40% of the oxygen sort of still plenty of oxygen in your breath
 Any kind of oxygen is better than okay, so how long if we started it?
 So if someone breathed in at the edge of the room here and then they passed the breath around the room
 How long would it be before there was no point in that exercise? I think it's worth a try, isn't it? All right. I feel an experiment coming up. Okay. I think we should start with that topless guy. You're in that old
 But people that tried all sorts of weird CPR over the ages
 They used to be the barrel type where you there was a big round barrel and you were sort of strapped to it
 Face down with your stomach over the barrel and I don't know how you did this so quickly when someone's obviously dying of a heart attack in front of you
 And then as the person who's saving them you sort of stood in between their legs and you roll them
 On and off the barrel, don't you? And it was the idea was that it eventually forced your heart into going in really?
 Yeah, yeah, it's like one of those did you ever go to playgrounds where you would run on a barrel that span round and round
 Yeah, but I've seen cartoons where that helped. Right
 That will that's medical advice from the Victorian age
 Hey, we need to move on to our next fact shortly. Oh, can I just there was so you know how people are always giving mouth to mouth and CPR to animals
 Weirdly successfully. Yeah, I've no
 Yeah, you know how people are always giving mouth to mouth to animals. Weirdly successful. There was a guy this you're gonna talk about the guy this year with the
 Frog there's a guy this year who did it with a frog after the frog happening here. Oh, is this your fact? No, it's not mine
 Actually mine was the one I was gonna say down. Let's do your effect. You do the frog thing. Let's
 No, this was a this was a deer and it was a deer who was drowning in a swimming pool and an RSP-ZA officer was called and he got the deer out of the pool
 And he gave it chest compressions and see CPR and mouth to mouth. Give it the kiss of life until it choked
 He said it properly like in films coughed water into his mouth
 And then and then he started choking it then had to give him CPR
 Where does the frog come into this? Yeah
 And you know the deer got up he brushed it down and then he said the deer looked at him and then ran away
 Sweet, yeah, it's a good story, I know, but I just wonder has anything happened with any smaller maybe amphibious?
 No, it hasn't I think we're moving on interestingly a frog
 This is a great story. There was a I can't wait this guy was walking just
 Minding his own business when he came across a snake on the ground and the snake was choking
 And he thought I'm not gonna give CPR to a snake. How could you tell a snake is choking? It was sort of like doing that
 Okay, yeah, yeah, and suddenly out of its mouth shoots a frog
 So it swallowed the frog, but the the frog forced its way back out
 Okay, but in the process died the man saw the frog and he gave CPR to the frog and he brought it back to life
 Yeah, and he brought the rope home. What happens to this snake?
 He doesn't feature in the rest of the story
 All right, look we need to be about to our next fact it is time for fact number two and that is Chazinsky
 My fact this week is that Donald Trump negotiated an extremely bad deal for himself when he wrote the art of the deal
 This is because a so Tony Schwartz was a guy who ghost wrote the art of the deal with Trump and he gave a talk a while back
 And he openly said Trump negotiated an extremely bad deal with me. I got a great deal out of it
 He didn't unheard of things so there was an advance of half a million dollars for the art of the deal and Trump gave his
 Ghostwriter 50% of the advance and then 50% of all the royalties
 So this guy has just been making millions and millions from this book
 This is unheard of in publishing. I think someone who a negotiating professor
 Called Deepak Malhotra said there is not a better deal out there in the world for ghost writing
 And then when the book came out Trump hosted an absolutely massive party then he and Trump tower
 I think it was there was a big red carpet loads of celebrities came
 There was a giant cake replica of Trump tower and then he went to his ghost writer and he went well
 You owe me 50% for the price of this party and the ghost writer went, I don't think so
 And he ended up paying about a thousand pounds just fed the drinks that him and his friends
 Do you know what the inspiration for the book was for the book the art of the deal?
 No, there was an article all about Trump in GQ and it was a popular article as in that issue of GQ
 So well because Trump was on the front cover. He was a businessman at the time and then they thought
 Why don't we see if we can turn this into a book?
 So they tested out what the book would look like they designed a dummy cover and then it had a picture of him
 looking heroic on the front and then they wrapped it around a thick Russian novel and thought what it would look like a
 thick Russian novel
 Guys the clues were there from the stars. Wow. No, okay. All right. Oh, we go
 What's exciting is you've all heard something that won't be in the actual show and we release it so that's
 He has a bad record of deal-making though, right? He's this was actually an article by Jonathan Frieden
 I think in the Guardian pointed out his deal-making history, but so the apprentice first series extremely successful
 So he asked for an increase in what he was paid. I think it's per episode. He got 50 grand
 He asked for an increase to one million dollars
 That's good deal-making, isn't it? That sounds like a deal-making. He ended up with 60 grand
 But no, a lot of people say not a good deal-maker someone else who's done a deal with him said he seems way too keen
 You've got to seem cool. He sort of paces around the room like he's wearing a sign saying desperate and who said that Vladimir
 What was he called?
 He chose to remain anonymous
 Do you know he he released a novel years ago? Yeah called Trump Tower and and then he
 Effectively unreleased it in that the novel still exists, but he took his name off
 So it was ghost-ridden by someone else and he had his name though
 It was a Donald Trump book. It was called Trump Tower and it was a it was a book based on an idea for a TV show that he developed
 Which was meant to be Trump Tower done like the TV show Dallas or all those American soaps
 It was the life of all the people that worked in Trump Tower and they got a pilot
 But the pilot didn't get made so they ended up doing this book and on the front
 It said it was the sexiest novel of the decade. Wow. Which decade?
 It was 2011 was it was it was old 2011. It's a current. It's he's he's predicted
 We still cannot top the sexiness of this book. Wow. It was an erotic novel, wasn't it? Yeah, that's novel and so I was reading some snippets of it
 It is this is how erotic it is
 So someone walks into a room a guest in Trump Tower and sees at least six women not wearing tops and says I must be dead
 I've gone to boob heaven
 That's an actual line in an actual novel
 He's just very quickly. He's also really good for books Donald Trump because anytime he tweets about a book
 That he doesn't like it does really well
 So for example fire and fury became massive off the back of him taking it down
 Yeah, and there was a very famous. He's a civil rights icon in America called John Lewis and he wrote a number of books
 And he wrote a tweet saying I don't think he's fit for president and Trump took him down massively as a result
 The sales increase of his books were over a hundred thousand percent
 And in the weekend of the tweet seven of the top 20 books were attributed to John Lewis all his books just rose to the top
 Wow, he's actually good for book sales if he hates you
 The John Lewis Brown is very different in America, isn't it?
 Yes, yeah, I've got a couple of bad deals from history. Okay, I've researched so the fact being that
 Trump negotiated a bad deal for the order of the deal. I thought this was quite fun
 There's a in America the NFL. There's a team the Green Bay Packers and they had a player called Mirror
 MIRER
 Yeah, I never heard of it. Okay. He was he was a big deal back in the day and his contract
 He was so wanted by this team that his agent put a clause in the contract that they eventually the team had to sign and the clause was
 That my mirror would be paid under all conditions, and then this is the clause up to and including the end of the world
 Including the end of the world
 So if some people survived and he was one of them and they were one of them
 They would still pay him for all the apocalyptic future that they lived through
 They were the last two people other
 I've got a bad deal. Oh, yeah, so there's a famous story about the Dutch buying Manhattan Island from the Native Americans for a very small amount of money and
 Them's thinking oh these Native Americans they don't understand the value of property
 They don't stand the contact of property rights. They absolutely did the problem was the Dutch bought Manhattan from the Canasi Native Americans
 Who happened to live next door in Long Island and did not live in Manhattan?
 They only use the island of Manhattan to get drunk in
 The Dutch showed up and they offered to buy the place on these people saying is this your place? Oh great. We'll buy this for it
 So it's like going to a pub and offering a random man standing outside the pub quite drunk
 100,000 pounds for this building. I got another sporty one
 This is a there's a Swedish soccer player called Stefan Schwartz. Do you remember him James?
 So he was paid a four million pound deal with Sunderland for the English Premier League the condition that he had to sign when he was signing
 Which for him was a bad deal is he was not allowed to go to space
 That was the oh
 Yeah, he wanted to be a space Taurus. He was obsessed with going to space
 They were like he's obsessed so much. We just have to say no you've got to play football. Yeah, we're gonna
 Put that in the contract to me. That's a deal breaker - is it right?
 We need to move on to our next facts. We do that. Okay. It is time for fact number three and that is Andy
 My fact is that on the bio tapestry you can tell how important someone is by the size of their horse's penis
 Um, so there's a professor at the University of Oxford. He's called George Garnett
 He has gone through the bio tapestry the whole thing rigorously counting the horses and their penises
 And the human there are the same number of penises as
 Well, it might be some female horses. There are some female horses. I've got they didn't have penises. Yeah
 I think they all work for full you
 Um, I think they're written out. I think they might be hidden by a leg or yeah
 Sometimes someone standing in front of the horse or a musically holding a vase in front of the horse
 Yeah, or the horse is wearing a pair of novelty trousers
 Or it's a pantomime horse and they famously don't have penis. Well, they have two some of them
 Oh, my horses. Very good point. Um, so he counted all of these and he points out that
 King Harold
 Who came second in the Battle of Hastings? He has a horse which has a very large penis
 But there's one larger horse penis and that belongs to William the Conqueror
 So it's a it's a clear the the man who wins the battle has the largest horse's penis
 Wow, and this is new right this is a brother. No, no Tubby 66
 This is this is new. This is new research. This is breaking. This is to lot of people in the room
 This is like this is like the Spice Girls and the Macarena all over again. Yeah
 Yeah, so this is very exciting previously neglected research he counted all the human ones as well
 He did sorry. There are four and a half would you say?
 But I think what happened was a lot of people have kind of paid attention to this in the past because in Victorian times
 They were all edited out
 Yeah, and there is one guy who had a pair of underpants drawn on him or tapestry on him by the Victorians
 That was in the in the English one, right? There's an English wrap. Yeah, sorry in the replica
 Yeah, exactly, but this is the first time people have looked at all of them including the horse ones
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, so I can believe the so I don't actually know much about the Bay of Tapestry
 Not being English myself, so this yeah, and it's a frequent topic of conversation in English hubs of children
 I am so lost at dinner parties every time it comes up. I walk around the festival site here
 You'll find tools 300 people talking about the buyers
 Actually, it gets a bit boring sometimes, you know
 But I so I literally had no knowledge of it all so it's fascinating to know that this thing was a it was
 68 70 meters long. Yep, which is incredibly long if you put that into context
 That's about 30 meters less than 100. No, it's like that would take you saying both roughly seven seconds to run
 Yeah, the fastest man running at the Bayer tapestry
 The the thing is as well as that a turns out it's not a tapestry at all. No, it's embroidery
 So it's got the wrong name
 But also if you read the whole thing up until recently when they when they decided to fix this the final scene is missing
 Imagine reading 70 meters of story and getting to the final scene and someone's ripped the page out as in the
 Williams coronation isn't it? Yeah, yeah, and they added it so they finished was it 2013?
 I think yeah, and they did it on an on an island on a channel island
 There was over a hundred four hundred people that did it and one of the stitches was done by Prince Charles
 So despite the fact it lives over in France made using British royalty
 And a lot of people think it was made in Britain anyway in Kent and a lot of people think it was made completely by women because of the
 Penises in fact, so historians think that there are there is the occasional erect penis on a dead soldier
 And the theory is that the tapestry or embroidery was therefore stitched by women and the women were ridiculing the men for the fact that they used
 War to show off their manhood, so it was thought to be kind of a satirical thing when we're saying you idiots
 So the people used to fight with no trousers. Yeah, really. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah
 No, there was a battle wasn't there were the English had terrible dysentery of the area of the trousers
 That was Henry the fifth so it was about as you call it was about a magical
 Yeah, but so why are they naked people in there if people were trousers the naked people are mostly in the margins
 Yes, so there's the main bit there's the main strip of the biotapestry
 Yeah, I think the main story of the battle and then at the top and the bottom there are these margins
 This is an amazing thing where they're I love the embroidery because you when you see old art you assume
 Oh, it must be done perfect, you know the perspective and everything and there's a couple of moments in the tapestry where they've run out of space
 So there's a there's four people holding a chest on on four sticks or two sticks rather four of them and
 There's three of them that are nicely done, but they went a bit too high on the tapestry. So the fourth guy's head
 Just making a quick cameo into the tapestry when really it should have been gone
 My favorite part the biotapestry is the bit where Odo Earl of Kent is
 Whispering to William telling him what to do in the battle and it kind of makes him look like he's really the important person
 He was the architects of the whole invasion
 But it turns out that it seems like it was him who commissioned the tapestry. I gave himself a massive role in that although and he was
 Quite interesting wasn't he because he was never seen with spears or anything in the tapestry because he was a bishop
 And bishop's one allowed a shed blood. So instead he's always seen with a massive club
 So they're allowed to beat people around the head which apparently didn't draw any blood
 Yeah, have you seen the reviews of the biotapestry?
 They're great. They're well trip advisor reviews everything in the world
 And as with all things the most funny reviews are the one star ones. So there is a complaint actor. There is actually one star. Isn't the Haley's comic?
 Anyway, I feel like you're going to say something funny. Yeah, well, you know
 Thunder stolen
 No, so the reviews are things like so one review says we went on a visit to the biotapestry
 Big learning curve for some people
 We were walking along looking at the tapestry not much to see to be honest
 All of a sudden I see a large phallic object sewn on the tapestry
 This attraction is not displayed as containing adult content
 We have very young children who can see the penis which is an outrage
 I wanted to learn about medieval battles not medieval penises
 That's one star one star and there's another one star review which just says 9 quid and 40 minutes to see a carpet
 9 quid in seven seconds for who say molasses. It was very blurry
 I like the little touches in the tapestry because people used to add kind of slide digs at people or what they thought of certain figures in it
 So there's one there's one really nice but actually we're herald when herald first went over to see willing the concurrent front
 Him and his men then got in boats to go back across the channel to Britain
 And there's such a good picture of him and all his men holding up their kind of hose
 And all their stockings and everything and they've taken their shoes off. They're carrying their shoes
 And they're carrying their pets and stuff in their arms because they're waiting through the water to get to their boats
 And it's just it's just exactly like you know when you wrote a beach and you sort of wonder what that's
 They brought pets with them one person had a dog under his arm and another person was holding a bird which seems that necessary
 Maybe a helper war dog or a snipper dog or something. Yeah, you know Nigel Farage was his favorite tie is a Bayer tapestry tie
 Because it reminds him of the last time Britain was invaded how long is it?
 It's the same way. Yeah, it's an exact replica to scale. Yeah, right. So it's just constantly
 Dranging behind him. He has some bridesmaids who carried it all the time
 That's interesting because when I was looking at an old old bishop of Bayer who was the guy who commissioned this
 I went on to the BBC website and they said that he was the least popular figure in Kent's history
 But then I looked up other people from Kent who were unpopular and Nigel Farage
 It's from Kent as well as the most unpopular person Nasty Nick from Big Brother One. Oh
 Don't tell these guys. They didn't even know about the Spice Girls chart history yet
 Nasty Nick will blow their mind
 We should move on to our final fact shortly anything before we do yeah should go for it
 Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show and that is James. Okay, and my fact this week is that if you're a slough
 Every time you go for a poo, it's more painful than childbirth
 Is that you impersonating child? I was just trying it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Is that more painful than human childbirth?
 I believe it is because actually slough childbirth is not that painful because baby sloths are super small
 They're about 14 ounces
 Whereas slough poo's are at least twice as big maybe more
 And they can lose up to one third of their body weight during death. Oh god
 They do it once a week
 It's the equivalent of if I did a poo there would be too big to check into a Thompson's flight
 I mean what's the purpose of your visit for a start?
 And the stomachs physically shrink every time they do it
 But how do we have someone laid a woman mid-labor next to a slow mid-poo and what judge the volume of the screaming?
 I think how do we know you're right? I mean to be honest there's a bit of you know suposition going on here
 But basically it's the size and this is what we've said this before unlike other animals
 Sloths they only do this once a week
 They go down from the bottom of their tree
 And they do this and it can take like up to 50 days for the food to go through the system
 Because they're trying to get every single bit of nutrient out of it
 And so by the time it comes out, it's absolutely huge. It's just fibrous mass
 And it obviously must be extremely painful. Yeah
 And it's super heavy isn't it?
 So um well obviously like a third of their body weight and the problem with being a sloth is that you're upside down
 Basically all of your life and so your poo's all gone to the bottom waiting to come out
 And then it would the only thing that stops it all from crushing the rest of their organs is that
 Their bowels and everything like that literally hooks onto their ribcage
 Yeah, or onto the sides of their body because otherwise you know if it was loose hanging like ours are as soon as the sloth turns upside down
 This enormous weight of feces would crash all of the rest of its organs
 So all of its organs are kind of yeah hooked on
 It's amazing and then it goes down to the bottom of the tree does it's business and goes back up again
 And traveling back up must feel amazing, wasn't it?
 Oh yeah
 They do a little dance before they have a poo every time as well
 And that's unusual for sloths is it?
 Yes
 Why do they have to dig a little hole in the ground?
 And it must the jiggly must help, wasn't it?
 I'm sure it does yeah yeah
 And the thing is the reason one of the reasons we think that they do this just once a week
 Is because it's extremely dangerous for them to go to the toilet
 Because they're nice and safe in their little tree
 No one can see them the really well camouflaged
 They're really slow no one can see them move
 But of course when they go down to do this they're really kind of vulnerable
 And apparently more than half of sloth fatalities occur when they are doing their business
 Well that's the thing so their main predators are both I think tigers and eagles
 Yeah
 What a bad luck right?
 Like imagine that being your predator
 You've got two predators as I, oh so it's like a type of ant and a sausage dog
 That would be fine
 An eagle
 What organism are you possibly thinking of?
 So this is the weird thing
 When they're in captivity
 Sloths have a poo once every day
 Which suggests that they really really want to have a poo once every day
 And that in captivity they know they're safe they can do
 Because when you're in the wild the shame of dying
 Basically they're all dying like Elvis Presley died aren't they
 They're half of them dying on the toilet you don't want to risk that
 And we don't know why they go down to the bottom
 Well there's a great theory
 Okay so the theory is they have this algae on them which grows
 And some of these species of algae are specific to a single species of sloth
 So it's quite specific stuff
 But they're in this weird love triangle with some algae and some moths
 So they go down to the ground
 There are these moths which live in their fur
 And because sloths move so slowly they can never groom themselves to get rid of the moths
 Because as soon as they move their claw over to their arm
 The moths just walks out of the way
 So that's because they can fly moths
 Yeah exactly
 It's a bit of a kick in the teeth
 It's a bit walk away from them
 I know they just stroll off they don't care
 So the moths lay their eggs in the poo of the sloths
 Right
 And then the the moths live
 They fly up when they hatch into the sloths fur
 They live there
 They die
 That algae that we talked about
 Grows because of the nutrients released when the moths die
 So the moth die they release nitrogen and the algae feeds on that
 And we think that the algae is beneficial to the sloths
 We don't know how
 But it's either because it camouflages them
 Or because maybe they groom themselves that they might eat it
 Although that's a bit controversial
 Also it can apparently contains some agents that kind of work against things like malaria
 Right okay so whatever it's doing
 It's definitely helping the sloth survive
 Yeah so that's why they need to go down is for the moth life cycle
 And then the moths feed the algae and the algae help the sloth
 No but I don't risk that just for the sake of nurturing a few moths
 Who might poo green all over you
 And maybe camouflage your maybe not
 No just one
 Well another theory is that they go down and they do their business
 And that is kind of telling the female sloths where they are
 And there's information in that dung that tells them that they're fit
 And good people to mate with
 And so maybe it's like a sloth tinder kind of thing
 Yeah wow it's like a reproductive system thing where they're going
 I'm photol I'm ready so actually they go down a lot more
 Than they usually would when they're ready for a child
 And as a result they build this mountain of poo going
 I want babies and that's what they see in the like
 Whoa look how awesome this is and then they go up the tree
 That is an alarming tip the profile
 Just huge steaming calls of poo
 Everything is not tinder it's a different pineapple
 If you work with sloths you're not allowed to wear perfume
 Because their hair is so absorbent
 So they can have algae growing inside their own hair
 It's very weird it grows on the outside and also on the inside
 So if you wear perfume it can get into their fur basically
 And it stays with them for weeks
 So you're not allowed to wear perfume
 You're not allowed to wear things like suntan lotion
 Which is a problem because of where they live
 And you're not even allowed to wear anti mosquitos spray
 If you're cuddling sloths we're living
 And you have to get very good at climbing trees
 Apparently there's I think the person who's done a lot on sloths recently
 Who's often in new scientists and stuff
 Is someone called Rebecca Cliff
 Who took a tree climbing course
 And still said that it was impossible
 She was outsmarted and outpaced by the sloths
 Because by the time she got out the tree
 They'd be on a different tree
 And she found that she had to get Guatemalan free climbers
 To go and get the sloths for her when she wanted to study
 I read one article about sloths in trees
 And that is that what they do is equivalent
 You know those gymnasts who do that kind of
 It's like a crucifix position on the rings
 They're like oh yeah
 Which is unbelievably hard for humans to do
 Apparently sloths just do that really easily
 They can just do it all of them do that all the time
 Right
 But they do fall out quite a lot
 Do they?
 This is one thing she said was
 If you see a sloth fall out of a tree
 Which happens alarmingly often
 I mean they seem to just be popping out
 There was a story that babies would fall out
 Because they mistake their own limbs for tree branches
 They're held onto their limbs and fall
 But I don't know if that's true
 It's not true unfortunately
 I mean fortunately but it's
 No no no it's probably a myth
 But the babies do fall out quite a bit
 And if they do fall out
 The mothers will not go down and get them
 The babies are dead at that point
 Whereas they will go down to take a poo
 They will not go down and fetch their baby
 So infant mortality very high
 Because
 So I've read they can be really fast
 They want to be
 Really what? Sorry
 Fast I read that the top speed of a sloth
 Is 15 miles per hour
 Oh come on
 Yeah
 Faster than a pet
 That's if they're falling out of a tree
 I can believe that
 But supposedly I read this from a zoologist
 It's a it's a double bluff basically
 Their slowness is real
 It takes them 30 days to digest a leaf
 They are a slow being
 But when something is threatening them
 They're able to be very speedy
 She said faster than a cat can run
 On the street
 No way
 Yeah
 Probably no, probably no
 There is a self-help book that came out of the last year or so
 Called "Be more sloth"
 It's by Alison Davis
 And she says that you should be more still
 You should turn things upside down
 Be more intentional
 Be kind to yourselves
 And be more positive
 Which apparently these are all things that sloths do
 And have a very very very high fiber diet
 Well she says on the front cover
 The winner of the race isn't always the one who comes first
 Incorrect
 Yeah
 That's the definition of the winner of the race
 Okay that's it that is all of our facts
 Thank you so much for listening
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 About the things that we have said over the course of this podcast
 We can be found on our Twitter accounts
 I'm on @shardland
 James
 That's James Huckett
 Andy
 I'm Andrew Hunderham
 And Shazinsky
 Can you mark podcast at qi.com
 Yep
 Or go to our group account at no such thing
 We'll see you again
 Goodbye
 Bye
 Bye bye
 Bye
 (audience applauding)
