 (upbeat music)
 - Hey, Club Fish members.
 It's Dan here.
 Happy New Year.
 Happy New Year, everyone.
 Welcome to 2024.
 Very exciting.
 This is actually gonna be quite a big year for fish.
 It's our 10-year anniversary in March.
 I can't believe we've been going 10 years.
 But we have.
 Thanks to everyone who's been listening since the get-go.
 And thanks to everyone who's just joined.
 We've got a lot of exciting things
 that we're hopefully gonna be doing this year.
 So it's gonna be a great time to be a member of Club Fish.
 So thank you for continuing to join us here
 for all these weird bonus bits of content and so on.
 Today we've got a compilation for you.
 It's a compilation entirely with Anna.
 We finished our run of all the special guests.
 And now we're just getting the outtakes with Anna Tyshinski.
 And having listened to this episode just now,
 she's as brutal in the outtakes as she is in the main show.
 So I know you're gonna enjoy that.
 So yeah, let's make this an awesome year.
 Hope you had a great Christmas.
 Whatever festival you celebrate in that time of the year.
 Hope New Year's was fun and mad and awesome.
 And yeah, let's hit the compilation.
 And we start with an outtake from an episode
 where we were talking about the author, Wilkie Collins.
 Here we go.
 Can we talk a bit about Wilkie Collins?
 I love this tiny thing.
 He was such a good storyteller even as a child
 that when he was at boarding school,
 so he went to hybrid boarding school in London.
 And he was bullied a lot at the school.
 And there was one particular bully that struck a deal with him,
 which was, "I won't beat you up, but you've got to read me
 and make up a new bedtime story every night as I come to bed."
 Yeah, that's the Arabian Nights.
 Oh, yes, it is the Arabian Nights, yes.
 It's Sharon's other try not to get executed.
 And every night she has to come up with a new cliffhanger.
 Absolutely. That can't be true.
 That's his telling, isn't it?
 Because sometimes authors come up with a cool origin story
 of why they love telling stories so much.
 Yeah, this was either...
 I got that from either the Acroyd or the...
 There's two big biographies that we've written about recently.
 But it wouldn't be...
 It's probably from him rather than from the bully.
 Oh, totally.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, we got the bullies telling later on.
 No, it's in the autobiography of the bully.
 Wouldn't it be amazing if the bully then became a writer
 and used and retained all the stories
 that this incredible storyteller told him
 and had this whole career that Wilkie just had to watch
 and not say anything about?
 I mean, made up on the spot by a 13-year-old.
 Maybe if they're amazing stars, I don't know.
 It could be.
 Do we know why he was bullied?
 Because it might...
 He was an unusual-looking child, I think, as well.
 I don't know if that was it,
 but he had a very prominent bulge on the side of his head
 due to forceps from his birth.
 Yeah, because he still had a big forehead in adulthood,
 which, actually, you can see if you look at his portrait.
 A lot of the portraits you'll see,
 he's kind of looking so that the bulge is hidden a little bit,
 but, yeah, you can see in some of them, for sure.
 Like, he's looking at the wrong camera
 if two people are taking a photo, so, right.
 That's like the only portrait of Henry V
 is in profile, because he had a huge arrow wound at a battle
 when he was about 15.
 Arrow's sticking out of your hand.
 That's amazing.
 Like, he used to hang his towel on it, didn't he?
 That's from the David Mitchell book.
 Is it really?
 And it was clearly quite disfigured on that side of his face.
 Actually, by coincidence, William Gladstone
 had one of his fingers missing on one of his hand,
 but whenever anyone did a painting of him,
 they always drew in the finger.
 Really?
 He had a full finger missing?
 Yeah, yeah, it was in a shooting accident or something.
 Wow.
 So it was played on screen by people with four fingers?
 Five fingers.
 Well, it's a finger or thumb.
 I think we have had this chat recently.
 Oh, really?
 Big question.
 Have you ever heard of Sputnik Fest?
 No.
 Sputnik Fest, it takes place in Manitowoc.
 I'm pronouncing that probably incorrectly.
 Sounds right.
 Wisconsin.
 It's in Wisconsin in America.
 Yeah.
 Oh, you pronounced it completely wrong.
 So Manitowoc, Wisconsin, apologies for pronunciation.
 But it basically, when Sputnik 4 went up
 and came back into Earth, huge bits of it broke up
 in the atmosphere, and 21 pounds of it landed in the street
 in this small town in Wisconsin.
 And there's a plaque that commemorates the spot where it's found
 or close to the spot where it's found that you can read.
 And every year, ever since then, which is 1962,
 Sputnik Fest has happened.
 It still happened this year.
 And you basically just go along and listen to bands.
 I've read the actual description of the play out of the day.
 Not much happens.
 There's a little walk.
 There's a race.
 A few people dress up as aliens.
 That's basically it.
 You have a photo up with the Sputnik Fest police.
 Sounds like a village fate.
 Exactly that.
 But it happens every year.
 So they don't recreate it at all.
 That's what I would do.
 We're dropping 21 pounds randomly from the sky.
 Sputnik 4 contained Ivan Ivanovich.
 That's right.
 My favorite astronaut.
 John Johnson, as you would say.
 Oh, wow.
 It wasn't him that landed on the streets of Wisconsin, is it?
 No.
 No, no.
 He was a mannequin.
 Oh.
 Kind of.
 There was a few animals in there.
 There was a guinea pig, and I think there was a dog called Chonushka.
 But there was this mannequin called Ivan the Cosmonaut, Ivan Ivanovich.
 And they tried to make him as realistic as possible.
 I'm not quite sure why they did make him look realistic, but they did.
 They put, like, eyebrows on him, maybe to see if it would singe your eyebrows or something.
 But they put him in a cosmonaut suit, and they put a sign around him saying "maquette,"
 which means "dummy," so that if he landed in the middle of nowhere and there was this
 ball and you opened it up and there was this weird-looking mannequin, you wouldn't think
 it was an alien.
 That's what an alien might put on itself.
 But someone did, didn't they, because it landed in a field somewhere and a farmer went up
 and opened it and discovered, thinking it was a real astronaut, thought, "Oh my God,
 we've got to save him," and discovered it was a dummy and punched Ivan Ivanovich in
 the face.
 What?
 What?
 When he found out he was a dummy?
 In anger.
 That's my memory of that story.
 That's a futile thing to do.
 I've seen some of the Sputniks in museums in Moscow, and I think they do have on the
 outside of it, this is a government thing, phone this number if you find it.
 Does it say in Russian though?
 In Russian, yeah, just so that you don't think it's an alien or something like that.
 But again, if I was in the States or somewhere else, I would not be able to read it for one
 thing.
 That's true.
 What's crazy though, Ivan Ivanovich, just the animals that you're mentioning, they were
 in his body, it's not as if they were just in Sputnik with him.
 So what you would think is like the aliens were like that guy from Teenage Mutant Ninja
 Turtles.
 Yeah, Krang.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Or is it like the equivalent of three raccoons in a trench coat trying to get into a film?
 I'm like, but the aliens are trying to sneak into Earth like part of the bouncers, effectively.
 I haven't seen a photo, but the description of it is that there were just compartments
 all over him.
 You'd have mice and say, like his leg, you would have guinea pigs in his arm, you would
 have, and then there were things like human blood samples in him and yeast and bacteria,
 and there was just lots of rogues.
 So he was just a weird shaped bag, basically.
 I think he was mad human like.
 What are we?
 Apart from weird shaped bags.
 God, that's a real, it's so nice having a make you think moment every week.
 That's lovely we've introduced, Anna, in your absence.
 We covered the Westman Islands, I think on the series of QI, that's about to go out,
 all our series, and basically the other thing about the Westman Islands is they have nights
 with the puffins or sort of month of the puffins as it sort of is, and this is where the people
 of the Westman Islands at night get together and scoop up puffins and bags and toss them
 over cliffs.
 Oh, yeah, yeah.
 This is a nice thing.
 But in a good way.
 I've heard, haven't I?
 So if you toss a puffin off a cliff, it's a bird that can fly.
 Does the bag hinder it at all?
 Yeah.
 It feels like that.
 Oh my God, it would be so bad if I was instructing the kids here because you do have to take
 it out of the bag before you drop it.
 Just blow into a dead bird and chop it back to the bottom of the cliff.
 Calling up the parents.
 Yeah, I've missed the crucial step in our excursion.
 No, this is because baby puffins, when they go to sea, when they leave their parents in
 the car to sea, pufflings, yes, they follow the moon and that, you know, that guy's, they
 follow the light of the moon and they make it to the ocean and then they're free in the
 sea to live their adult lives.
 In the Westman Islands, there's a city and the lights of the city confuse the pufflings
 and so they've started going towards the city and so you get these pufflings just wandering
 around the streets, really confused, but like, this isn't what Mum said the ocean was like.
 And they're stuck in the harbour and stuff and it's really nice though if people get
 together and they collect, you can come away from a night of puffin collecting with six
 or seven pufflings in your bag and then you go up to this point at the top of the cliff
 and you just take them out and shake the bag out really hard.
 Don't get home and find your tube upside down, there's one left in there.
 That's amazing.
 Wow.
 And they fly free.
 That's so good.
 Can I, this dynasty, Joeson, still going?
 Is it?
 Very exciting, yeah.
 Not still ruling, still going?
 Not still ruling, but still, still a little kicking about.
 So how did this amazing report about a guy called Yi Sok, I think that's how you pronounce
 it, he was born in 1944 and this was in 2006 it was written.
 And he was the grandson of the second last emperor and the nephew of the final emperor.
 And he was technically, you know, non-ruling emperor.
 I think he's like one of two people who are claiming to be.
 And he had had a rotten time and he had been a prince and then he had to be the singing
 prince on US military bases, just singing songs and doing lots of weddings and things
 like that.
 Then he became an illegal alien in the USA for a bit.
 We're not like, we're not in the U.F.O.
 No.
 And then he worked as a swimming pool cleaner, he ran Eddie's liquor store in Beverly Hills,
 he moved back to Korea after a bit, had to squat in his old palace.
 That was an incredible story that he basically thought I've got nowhere to live, but I technically
 should be the king.
 So I'm going to go to one of the palaces and live there and then the security guards came
 and he was like, oh, this is my palace.
 I kicked him out and it was all so damp, he was getting a bit, it was really rough.
 By 2003, he was mostly living in bath houses, you know, just going from bath house to bath
 house.
 Yeah.
 But is it bath house, you mean like thorners?
 Pretty much.
 I mean, there's a place you can go, you can hang out for a whole day there if you like.
 Like an unsen, I guess, in Japan, it would be like that.
 Exactly like that.
 Yeah, yeah.
 And then the nice news is that in 2004, the city of Chongju, they built him a house, they
 fixed his teeth, they got him, you know, they just got him back on his feet.
 And he has now passed over to a distant relative of his who lives in America, who's a tech
 bro.
 What did he pass over to?
 He's handed over, he's nominated his distant relative, who's a guy called Andrew, not me,
 he's a kind of tech bro and he's in his late 30s and they had a ceremony of the handing
 over of the sword in a restaurant in Beverly Hills.
 It's incredibly weird, but it's yeah.
 It doesn't sound that bad, like if you look at it in a different context, yes, he's not
 king, but you know, he's had a career as a singer, he got international travel.
 Yeah, you're right.
 I don't think that sounds as, the squatting bit sounds like that.
 I think international travel, when you have to live illegally and you have to be homeless
 and you have to like, I think he's had some really rough bells in his life.
 I'm thinking the military bit just sounded fine.
 He was singing.
 Yeah.
 And working as a...
 It's not like he was a bear dancing being poked.
 He was, he was, he was an entertainer.
 Your standard of what makes a good or bad life is very different.
 I would down, I think it's like we expect Royals to, you know, be much weaker and less capable
 of coping with for instance, working in an ice cream shop or something.
 This is two emperors ago that he's no longer in power.
 Okay.
 He's just a...
 You live in David Lloyd Jim's for a bit and see how you like it.
 Just saying.
 Exactly.
 Yeah.
 David Lloyd Jim's.
 Is that?
 Does a gym chain tell David Lloyd?
 No, he was the prop hipster in the early 20th century.
 The famous Welsh gym chain.
 Yeah.
 What's it called that gym chain?
 I think it's...
 David Lloyd's gym, I think.
 You'd normally say it.
 It's just...
 What?
 That's what I said.
 It's a gym.
 And just...
 It sounded like someone called David with a dog barrel turning.
 Yeah, you're right.
 You're right.
 It's house you've been invited to.
 Okay.
 Let's just point it out.
 Welcome back Anna.
 Yeah, yeah, welcome back.
 The thing about their food in Korea is quite interesting because they, Koreans had a reputation
 for hundreds of years of being quite gluttonous, especially compared to Japanese and Chinese
 people.
 And it seems like it might have been kind of true.
 So there was a French Catholic priest who said that a normal Korean would eat at least
 10 peaches in one go, and sometimes 30, 40 or 50 peaches.
 Some people said that they ate double or triple the amount of food that Japanese or Chinese
 people ate.
 But there was a porcelain expert called Zen Hankook, and they've looked at the different
 sizes of the bowls, and they reckon that the bowls have gotten bigger as time's gone on.
 And even in the last 100 years or so, the standard rice bowl size in Korea has gone
 from 680 millilitres to 290 millilitres, which is like 60% less.
 So it's so much smaller than it used to be.
 And there's a story in the annals of the Joseon military who sent spies to see how much rice
 the Japanese were carrying when they were invading, and they saw how much rice they
 had and thought, "Oh, well, they're only going to plant for like a two week siege."
 And it turned out they decided to wait out the siege, but a month later they were still
 battling and they were like, "How could they do that?"
 And it was because the rice bowls that the Japanese were using were so much smaller.
 That's really good.
 I think I read an account that there was a siege which was lifted, and some Korean soldiers
 found the bowls and said, "Oh my God, these poor Japanese soldiers, they've been using
 their sauce bowls to eat rice, those poor guys, they must have been absolutely starving."
 It was just smaller rice bowls.
 We have one of those baby monitors that when it runs out of battery, it just does a beep.
 But it's exactly the same beep as when people swear, and so you have it next to the TV and
 you're watching Bake Off, and they'll just be going, "Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah."
 And I've got this nice cake which is *beep*, what did he say?
 In 1945, police in Halifax, Nova Scotia, started a campaign to stop people from beeping their
 car horns in morse code to signal out violent filthy language.
 You're going to do what to me?
 Do you mean you have to be driving fast alongside the car that's hoping to hear the full message?
 It's so weird, isn't it?
 You could park at a distance outside your home, honk out an abusive message, and they
 drive off.
 Good point.
 You've got to park first.
 It's so weird.
 How many people know Morse code well enough to go, "Did he say 'fuck you'?"
 She wants me to go funk myself, hang on, do the third letter of the second word again.
 Was that a dot or a dash?
 I think the only people who know Morse code are people who are saying things like, "Gad
 zoops."
 So it's longer and harder.
 It's longer and harder as another abusive message you might get via honks, I'm afraid.
 There was another beep, which came before the invention of the beep, it was 1948.
 I found there was something in the Detroit Free Press.
 It was one of those classic examples of journalists writing the plainly about technology and saying
 the world's gone to the dogs.
 It was complaining about this new piece of tech, which had happened because there was
 a product being released that you could attach to your phone, which recorded all calls that
 were being made on it.
 It was 1948, so there was a gizmo that was going to be able to record whatever your phone
 calls were.
 But in order that it didn't contravene laws about wiretapping, you had to have a warning
 on your phone if someone called you to say that you were tapping their calls, and that
 was a beep.
 So your phone call, the phone would make a beep every 15 seconds.
 So if I called Dan and was like, "Dan, I've been having this affair with a dog," and then
 I had a beep after 15 seconds, if I heard that beep, I could go, "Oh, I was only joking.
 That wasn't a thing.
 Don't worry about it," you know, because you'd know you're being recorded.
 I'd love to challenge myself, to time myself, to swear every time the beep came up, just
 to censor myself in the chat.
 Can I just say one thing about Wilkie Collins is that he really loved a thing called Don
 Pedro Pie.
 What's that?
 It was a huge meat pie.
 And actually, he liked the idea of it.
 He'd never had it before, but he'd read about it.
 So he decided to make this enormous pie.
 It was made of loads of meat and loads of garlic, and apparently he and his father ate it, and
 then they were both very ill for several days with a horrible gastric attack, and garlic
 was never again mentioned in the house.
 That's amazing.
 Oh, yeah, it's the garlic.
 Clearly, you've not cooked the meat yet.
 Because he did the same thing with his first novel.
 He wrote about Tahiti, despite having never been there, and knowing virtually nothing about
 it.
 But then he had a huge gastric attack.
 Wow.
 Yeah, yeah.
 It was not published until like a hundred plus years after his death, but it was just
 all about Tahiti.
 One of those, kind of, maybe this is a secret work of genius moments.
 Oh, no, it's not.
 Back in the cupboard.
 Do you know, I haven't read another one of his books called Armadale, but do you guys
 know about this?
 No.
 All I know is...
 Is it Emadale's based on it, right?
 Yeah.
 No, it's actually how you pronounce Emadale, if you're the king.
 Oh, if you're a farmer.
 All I can tell you is there are five characters in it called Alan Armadale, including the
 two main characters.
 Ah, did he come up with the title?
 Is that important to the plot, or is it just...?
 It doesn't seem that important.
 No.
 It's just they're all kind of related, so it's grandfather, father, brother, illegitimate
 brother...
 Oh, okay, they're all related, okay.
 But they all feature.
 It's not like a whole name that he forgot to change, you know, later on.
 He sent it to the printers too early.
 Damn it.
 But another amazing thing about that whole thing is that apparently European hunters
 who were in Sri Lanka or India, they used to use crying human babies to lure crocodiles
 so they could hunt them.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 And apparently there's quite a few.
 These are from like the late 19th century, and there's quite a lot of newspaper articles
 which say that British sportsmen, as they would call them in those days, they would
 pay local parents to let them borrow their children so that they would cry and then the
 crocodiles would come and then they would get the crocodiles.
 And we wonder why our country has not the finest reputation around the world?
 I don't know.
 As a baby, if they offered a one pound per hour discount.
 I'm definitely saying anything to that.
 This fact was about Kugurani and she was kind of doing the opposite of ordering a male order
 bride, right?
 She was ordering a male order husband, you know, she was advertising and then that was
 a big thing in the old West because like people would go, like blokes would go out to the
 frontiers, they'd arrive, do their farming, no women, so they would send back loads of
 women on the East Coast and so they would post a lot of adverts and women on the East
 Coast would post adverts saying I'd like to meet a guy in Arizona and marry him or whatever.
 So anyway, I got a bit distracted and I started looking at not male order brides, but male
 order bridges.
 That feels like rather a distraction than a misprint.
 Yeah, it was.
 Yeah.
 Anyway, you used to be able to get bridges by male order.
 Really?
 attitude.
 Yeah.
 Why would you ever need to do that?
 Because you're on the frontier and there's no like one stop shop bridge company where
 you are.
 So you send back on the city, send as a bridge.
 And they send it by the mail?
 Yeah.
 Flatpak, I guess.
 Flatpak.
 Flatpak.
 Very much.
 Flatpak.
 How big are they?
 How big are the bridges?
 It depends on the river.
 Yeah.
 Mr. Brinnell.
 That's why my bridge business failed.
 One size fits all.
 We make every bridge big enough to go over the Amazon River.
 We guarantee it.
 Every bridge is four miles long.
 If you've got a tiny stream in Lincolnshire, it doesn't matter.
 All right, I need to move us on too.
 I'm just so sad we have to move on without addressing Andy's pronunciation of the word
 frontier.
 What did I say?
 You keep saying frontier.
 Frontier?
 Yeah.
 It's very endearing and we'll get letters.
 We are trying to kill some starfish at the same time as trying to save them, confusing
 me.
 Really?
 Yeah, conservationists are specifically trying to kill crown of thorn starfish because they
 eat coral.
 So they're really impressive.
 They crawl all over it and sort of scrape coral completely free of its living matter.
 And they've built a robot to track it down.
 I think they called it a cop spot and they trained it by machine learning to look at
 lots and lots of photos and spot which one is a crown of thorn starfish.
 And then they put it underwater and it tracks them down.
 If you're a starfish and your species has been around for 450 million years and then
 suddenly a robot comes along and you don't even have the concept of robots but they come
 down and they just start annihilating all of your people to like 99% of being killed
 by these.
 It must be absolutely terrifying.
 Not by the robot.
 I don't think it's fun.
 Killing 99% of these.
 Yeah, 99% is the success rate.
 Oh, wow.
 Yeah.
 Oh, well let's build some more.
 So like in the movie you would have one crown of thorns starfish who survived the one in
 a hundred.
 It would be like finding Nemo.
 The John Connor starfish which has to lead the resistance.
 And they've been killed so confusingly for them by cow bile as well and they don't know
 what a cow is but there's bizarrely because they built this robot and they learnt how
 to identify what they are but then scientists realised we don't actually know how to kill
 them without injecting them with something that kills everything else as well.
 So and then they just did some experiments and realised that the bile that is you find
 in cows is harmless to fish but not to crown of thorns starfish and so they go and inject
 them with that.
 Wow.
 You know these crown of thorns starfish as well, they're the animals that notice the
 world going by the slowest of all animals.
 Oh yeah.
 So you know that thing of like if a dog watched an old TV then it would just seem like flickering
 images to them.
 It would just seem like a slideshow almost because they see the world go so quickly.
 If we were to watch a crown of thorns jellyfish movie it would be just like a slideshow where
 the slides change about two every three seconds something like that.
 Right.
 So that's how quickly they see the world go by.
 So if you're in one place and you move to somewhere else you know three quarters of a
 second later or two thirds of a second later they won't see anything in between they'll
 just see you in one place and then see you in the next place.
 Magic shows must be so easy to do crown of thorns starfish like it must be just amazing
 the tips must be incredible so you get for them.
 Yeah I was reading about this study it's sort of it's about what like how you can tell light
 flickers or how like how many flickers you can detect before it looks like a glowing blur
 to you.
 So humans can detect I didn't know we can do this 65 flickers of light a second distinct
 ones before it looks like a glow which is amazing.
 The fastest a dragonflies can do 300 a second every second they can kind of tell oh that's
 flickering on and off.
 Right.
 Isn't that amazing?
 Yeah.
 Do they move to the speed that they can see then or will they be like if they're moving
 one of their one of their arms will it suddenly be in a new place that they were like hang
 on that was that was over there a second ago.
 Constantly surprised.
 Yeah.
 And if you picked up one and moved their arm really quickly they would be they'd be like
 wait a minute where's my arm gone although they'd be able to feel it they would you know.
 Yeah but strobe lighting must be you know if you just turn the light on every five minutes
 that must be strobe lighting for them you'd have to have epileptic warnings and everything.
 You remember just on art conservation and stuff like that you remember the monkey Christ
 or potato Jesus.
 Oh yeah.
 Do you remember that?
 Which is it the monkey.
 So this was Jesus.
 It was the same thing.
 It was given both as a nickname.
 This is in 2012.
 You'll all remember it from the Internet I'm sure it was a woman called Cecilia Jimenez.
 She was 81 years old and she'd taken a very old painting of Jesus and decided to restore
 it and it just looked like a monkey slash potato.
 Exactly.
 But the interesting thing is there's two interesting things.
 Number one when it hit the news she was only halfway through restoring it and she had to
 go away and leave the town for a while and she'd gone away and then this is just absolutely
 hit the news.
 She's like I haven't finished I haven't finished.
 So that's one thing.
 Okay.
 And the second thing is because it became so famous it quadrupled the number of tourists
 who visited the town and so it got brought a whole load of money into the town.
 So actually it was kind of a good thing for the you know for the cathedral and for the
 people.
 So it changed everything for them like it changed everything for them it changed everything
 for her.
 So they have all this merchandise that gets sold now 51% of the funds that they raised
 from selling merchandise off the back of it went to the setting up of a care home and
 it looks after all the people who need care in the in the town.
 And then the other 49% went specifically to her and she has two adult children who need
 to be looked after and she can now that's why she was working.
 That's why she was in her 80s looking after stuff she was trying to look after them.
 It's changed her entire life.
 But did it I have a question did it when she finished the job?
 Did she ever get to finish?
 No she never finished because she'd really like she'd really banjaxed it.
 I don't see how that can be phase one and phase two is how it looks like it did before
 she started.
 I said it wasn't possible.
 You're absolutely right.
 I think the final even if she'd have been like to do it for another 20 years until she
 was 101.
 Yeah.
 It probably will still have been not very good.
 It's like you've got scrambled eggs and I just I just need to do a little bit more
 work and I'll have an egg again and like that's okay.
 That's it.
 That is all of our outtakes.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact about any of the things that we've said over the course
 of this show, we can be found on podcast@qi.com or you can go to our various Instagram and
 Facebook and threads and Twitter accounts.
 Just there and stay tuned for more episodes from Club Fish bonus content, which is coming
 up in the weeks and months ahead.
 We got everything from drop us a line to meet an elf to a few fun things that we're going
 to be trying out in the new year.
 Okay.
 That's it.
 Have a great new year, everyone.
 We'll see you soon.
 Goodbye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
