 [saxophone plays]
 [speaking in foreign language]
 [saxophone plays]
 [saxophone plays]
 [saxophone plays]
 Hello, and welcome to another episode of "No Such Thing as a Fish"
 a weekly podcast this week coming to you live from Shepfield!
 [saxophone plays]
 My name is Dan Schreiber, I am sitting here with Anish Zinsky, Andrew Huntson Murray,
 and James Harkin, and once again we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts
 from the last seven days, and in no particular order, here we go, starting with you, Andy.
 My fact is, as a child, the naturalist Frank Buckland learned to differentiate different kinds
 of animal urine by taste alone. [laughter]
 What a guy! How did this happen? Well, so he was the son of another naturalist,
 a guy called William Buckland, this is with Victorian, we're talking here, 19th century,
 and William Buckland was an amazing guy, and he, you know, taught his children lots,
 and they grew up surrounded by animals, so instead of having a hobby horse to ride on,
 they had a dead crocodile. And as part of his education, he learned about different kinds of
 animal urine. And is that so you know which pet to tell off when someone we's on the floor?
 Oh, yeah. Who did that? I'm just going to check.
 Freddie? That's a very good idea, yeah, because they had loads of animals around the house.
 So like, for instance, William Buckland, he wasn't naturalist like you say, he liked experiments,
 he likes to do that kind of thing, so there was one time he was in bed, and he was thinking about
 fossil footprints, because they just found all these new footprints, and he came up with an idea
 of how they might be formed, so he woke up his sleeping wife, and asked her to prepare a slab of dough
 in the kitchen, so he could get his pet tortoise to walk across it, so he could have a look at the
 footprints that it made. That's so cool. And so Frank's house, William's son, Frank's house,
 seems like it was riddled with animals, there was an account from 1877 of a journalist who went to
 physics, he was quite famous, and he said they open the door, and they immediately retreated because
 there was a jaguar in the doorway with monkeys seizing its tail and denuding it of fur, and
 the buckles were like, don't worry, he won't hurt you, it'll be fine. There was a jackass, laughing jack
 ass, which I think is a cookaburra, their word for a cookaburra, chasing live mice up and down a
 glass jar with a battalion of cats waiting underneath, and there was a battalion, and there was a parrot
 that kept on calling cabs from the front window as soon as they arrived, but apparently was equally
 ready to hail an omnibus if they so desired. Yeah, I read a story of a guest, I believe it was with
 Frank, might have been with William, but they tripped over in the night down the staircase over
 a hippopotamus, they weren't expecting, yeah. What? Yeah, I'm not, was it alive or dead, the hippo?
 It was a dead baby hippopotamus, and it was a small child, and she fell all the way down the stairs,
 and he was like, be careful, you could have damaged that. It sounds like the whole life was just
 incredible adventures with animals, because Buckland, both Buckland's really were popularizers
 of science, as well as actual researchers and scientists, but he wrote lots of memoirs and lots
 of exciting books, which sold hundreds of thousands of copies. So for example, one account he gave,
 he was trying to make a cast of a three-meter sturgeon, but he could only borrow it for one night,
 so he had to do it really fast, and he had to get, he woke his wife up. He had to get it downstairs
 and into the kitchen, so what he did was he tied a rope around its tail, because it was really heavy,
 it was three meters long, he'd let it slide downstairs in front of him and sort of pulled the rope
 tall, and unfortunately, obviously, sturgeons are very, very slippery, and it got away from him,
 and it crashed down the stairs, and it smashed into the kitchen, and these are his words. He said,
 "This sudden and unexpected appearance of the armour-clad sea monster bursting open the door,
 instantly created a sensation." The cook screamed, the house made fainted, the cat jumped on the
 dresser, the dog retreated behind the copper and barked, the monkeys went mad with fright,
 and the sedate parrot has never spoken a word since.
 I will just couldn't get a taxi from that on. He used to chase the cook around the house with a
 dead goose squeezing its voice box to make it squawker her. Was this in childhood? No, no, as a grown-up.
 Oh, what's a grown-up? Yeah, as an adult, yeah. We should say that you've already mentioned that
 these guys were scientists, but these were like proper scientists. These two guys really were,
 they were sharing notes with Darwin about ideas, they were properly famous in their time.
 Although Frank didn't believe in evolution, actually neither of them did, but Frank especially
 didn't believe in evolution, and to prove it, he did a lot of interviews with Pongo, the guerrilla,
 after which he deduced that the creator had drawn a fast line between human and monkey,
 so he wasn't getting much out of the interview, I don't think.
 I reckon Pongo went away and thought the same thing. But he did like to eat animals as well,
 didn't he, Frank? So he deliberately moved closer to London zoos so that he could eat them as
 soon as they died in the zoo because he liked to eat animals that were all different animals,
 not just like, you know, meat that we might do so. Frank unvolume, didn't they? Oh, yes, they did, yeah.
 When he was living near the zoo, they, a panther, had died, and so that for him was like,
 I've never had panther, I really want to try that. So he wrote this is from his writings.
 He said, I wrote at once to tell his friend who worked at the zoo, to tell him to send me down
 some chops. It had, however, been buried a couple of days, but I got them to dig it up.
 It was not very good. Culinary advice, no one needed.
 But he kind of had also, he was obviously doing this before lots of animals became endangered,
 so slightly different times. It's still gross. It's still gross. I'm not saying it's not gross,
 I'm just, but he, but he, there was a purpose behind all this mad eating that he was doing,
 because he helped to found this thing called the acclimatisation society, and they said, well,
 people need food to eat, they need protein, turkeys and fessons are not native to Britain,
 they were introduced, and they've been a brilliant success. What else can we introduce that will be tasty?
 Because they were worried that the population was going up and we won't be able to feed ourselves.
 Exactly. So they just had banquets every year when they tried all sorts of stuff and said,
 what can we introduce? Because after Brexit, we'll all be digging up the panthers, won't we?
 Okay, it is time for fact number two, and that is Chazinsky.
 My fact this week is that in the 1980s, Romania lifted up and relocated dozens of buildings,
 often with their residents still inside them. So why did they do that?
 Well, so this was in the 1980s in Romania and many in Bucharestka. It was under child Chescu,
 who wanted, as a plastic dictator, fashion to create this enormous palace for the people,
 which involved bulldozing basically the entire city, and he destroyed hundreds of buildings.
 It was very devastating, because it was a really picturesque town, which was sort of flattened,
 but there were a few heroes who thought, okay, rather than let him destroy these buildings,
 let's quickly move them. And so they got to work, and they moved, almost a dozen churches,
 and they moved lots of other buildings, including a hospital, a bank, and sometimes whole apartment buildings,
 which they just move like pick up and shift a few hundred yards with the people still inside them.
 They must have told the people inside, mustn't they?
 They did. Although there was one occasion where people have been told that they were going to be
 moving their buildings at 9 a.m., and so most of the residents thought, I'll just pack my suitcases
 and get out for that little period. And it turned out it was 6 a.m., so they all got up at 9,
 looked out their windows and was like, oh my god.
 This was mainly one guy, it wasn't it, who came up with the idea, who passed away just this year.
 I'll attempt to say his name, and then Anna can say it correctly after me.
 Eugenio Lodal Shokku.
 Wow, wow. I mean, he got the first letter of his name completely wrong.
 It's an I, not an L.
 Oh, that's an I.
 Okay, you ordered Chesku?
 Yeah, you ordered Chesku. Eugenio, you ordered Chesku.
 That's who I said, and so he died this year very sadly, and he got the idea for it,
 because he hated the idea that this was a rescue mission, these were meant to be demolished,
 and he thought that's unacceptable. A lot of these were very beautiful churches that he wanted
 to survive. And so he was sitting in a restaurant one day, and he saw a waiter passing by,
 carrying on a tray, the drinks that he was bringing to a table, and he looked at that tray system,
 and he thought, that's how we could be doing this.
 And then he started a search for the largest waiter in the world.
 Yeah. He sounded so much like Jeremy Clarkson.
 He didn't do that. He built some rail tracks.
 He basically built one mini railways, didn't he, so he could sort of roll them along into their new
 areas. So if you go to Bucharest now, then you can see these old buildings sort of hiding
 behind the huge ugly new Soviet ones. They'll be a lovely little church, suddenly.
 So actually, that parliament that was built, you know, that everything else was being
 demolished and moved to Maywayful. It wiped out one-fifth of the historic centre of the entire city.
 That's how big it is. And it took a third of the country's budget for several years,
 a third of the budget of the whole country. And it was so it was planned by Chachescu,
 but the chief architect, Anker Patrescu, was only 28, and the BBC described her as arguably the world's
 worst architect. Oh, I've seen that. It's not like that. I think it looks quite nice, actually.
 One of the buildings that they did destroy and didn't move was Brent Covinesk Hospital.
 And the reason they did that is quite long-winded. So basically, David Steele, who is the leader of
 the Liberal Party in England, gave Chachescu a pet dog, who Chachescu absolutely loved, okay.
 So he made the dog a corporal in the army. I mean, he was a dictator. He did crazy shit like that.
 And then they went to this hospital and the hospital had problems with rats. And so they got cats
 in the hospital to chase after the rats. And then the dog came in and got in a big fight with one
 of the cats. And then because he'd been injured by a cat, Chachescu went, I'm afraid this hospital
 has to go. And the very next day, the order came in for the hospital to be demolished,
 all because this corporal dog had been beaten up by a cat.
 At what point do you realise you are the bad guy when you're... Wow.
 I mean, this dog was called Corbu. He was really loved by Chachescu. So much so that the
 Romanian ambassador in London used to go to Sainsbury's every week to buy winelot prime to send
 back to Bucharest in a diplomatic bag. Wow. Yeah, he was crazy. He used, and in fact, the guy
 Yoruchescu got permission to move all of these buildings. But Chachescu was so impatient to knock them
 down that he knocked a lot of them down even though they were supposed to be moved. And there was one
 that he wanted to knock down, but all the workers refused to do it. It was this beautiful old church.
 I think it was medieval. And so he had to release people from prison to employ them to knock down
 this building. But his palace was incredible. So his palace, which he called the People's Palace,
 I think, or Palace of the People, which is one of those ironic titles, it's Union Hall
 featured two huge spiral staircases. And that was so that he and his wife Elena could descend
 simultaneously from different sides of it. And also he made them rebuild the staircase twice
 that he was supposed to walk down, because he was really short and very paranoid about his height.
 So as soon as they made the steps a bit too hard for him to stretch down, he was like, no, get rid of it.
 It makes me feel small. Wait, how short was he? Wasn't a borrower.
 There were a thousand steps to descend one meter. I mean, that's still there as well, isn't it?
 Yeah, God, yeah. I've got one more factor actually about Chachesky. So, as we've said, not a nice guy
 had 20,000 political prisoners. Really, just such a bad guy. He ruled that you had to have at least
 five children or face a fine. Wow, I know five. Five, that's a lot. But so he has had a state visit to
 Britain. He had a state visit to Britain in 1978. And it was a big political thing because, you know,
 we were trying to pry, pry Romania away from Soviet Union. And they were kind of semi-independent of that.
 But anyway, it was very embarrassing. And it was, you know, he was the most embarrassing state visit
 until last year. Anyway, so that, you know, it was awful. But during that visit is one of my favorite
 and ever anecdotes happened, which is that Queen Elizabeth hid in a bush with her dogs to avoid him.
 She really didn't want to have him. She'd be having a terrible time. And then she was walking her dogs
 in Buckingham Palace Gardens. And she saw him coming the other way and she jumped into a bush. Amazing.
 He was really paranoid that people would poison his clothes. So he only wore clothes that had been
 under constant surveillance. He also, when he met Queen Elizabeth, he washed his hands with alcohol
 immediately after shaking her hands because he was worried that he'd been poisoned. Wow.
 What? You'd have to be pretty top level to recruit the Queen to be an assassin.
 It's always a person you least expect. Wow. Just on buildings in Romania. Yeah.
 The word thing about this is, this wasn't the only instance in which people in Romania were in
 buildings that were suddenly moved. So there was also a separate project in Albert Yudia, which is
 another city in Romania, where there was this big Soviet, actually, apartment block. And
 he, Charles Skiu, then wanted to build this huge boulevard. And he happened to want to build it
 right through the middle of this Soviet apartment block. So the only thing to do was cut it in half
 and shift one half to one side of the road and one half to the other. But apparently it was very
 smooth. It took 5,040 minutes and one woman put a glass of water on her balcony throughout the whole
 thing and none of it spilled. Wow. So impressive. But sometimes because they move buildings on rollers
 in other countries too, sometimes it's really, yeah, as rabbit it happened. So in Boston in 1869,
 that long ago they had to widen the street. So they had to say to the hotel on the street,
 can you just move back a bit? And it took three months because obviously it was a 19th century.
 And but over that time, the first floor businesses and all lots of residents stayed in place during
 those three months. And the amazing thing was that plumbing and gas services stayed on
 because they had flexible tubes. So cool. That's so cool. But it's so confusing if you're going
 to visit your friend who you haven't seen for a couple of months and you find yourself knocking
 on an empty space where the door used to be. Well, that actually happened. There's a place
 called Hibbing in America where they had to move because there was a mine underneath the town. And there
 was a few things that happened. So there was a woman who went into labor in one town and then gave
 birth in the other town because they moved the whole town a little bit. And because they moved the
 entire town house by house to this new place, they put it back not exactly in the same way as they
 left it. And so people who had like grown up there came back 30 years later and they're like,
 I'm sure there used to be a co-op there. That's so good. That's amazing. There was in America in 2016.
 They wanted to knock down Rosa Parks House. They wanted to demolish it and no one was really
 sticking up for it. And there was one artist who said, we can't let this happen. So he bought it
 for $500 American. And this is in Detroit. And he said, we have to keep this house. So he looked
 to people to sell it to to say, can you can you now take on the costs and maybe we can relocate it.
 But no one took it. So he had to bring it home with him to Berlin. And Rosa Parks's Detroit House
 was dismantled and rebuilt in Berlin and was sitting there for about two years. And it went back
 to America. And then I think it might have to move back to Berlin because they don't want it again.
 This is absolutely true. So the house was completely dismantled, shipped to Berlin and sat in the
 backyard of this artist's house. Wait, why is it now having to go back there? Surely if they don't
 want it a second time, you just got a chuck at it. She won't mind. He wanted to get it back there.
 So he kept saying, let's get it back there. So a night for a woman who's kind of main claim to
 fame and publicity into her big moment was not moving from a spot. I want to witch it.
 What is the back of the boss out of Berlin and America? We're going to have to move on very shortly
 to our next phase. I just got one little thing. So I was trying to find out what the biggest thing you
 can move a thing on is. So do you mean the thing on which the thing is? The lower thing. The thing
 supporting the bigger thing. These are all great Google search terms. So it's just a cool thing.
 So NASA, they have to move sometimes a launch tower. And I didn't know the launch towers ever move,
 but sometimes they have to drag them around. And they've got a thing which is called a crawler,
 a crawler transporter. And it's massive. Okay, so you have to have a degree in engineering just to
 drive it. There are only four qualified drivers on the planet. There are really two of these things
 in the whole world. And you only drive it for 35 minutes, even if you are one of the drivers,
 and then you have to swap with someone else, because it's just so mentally exhausted. Driving
 a NASA launch tower, which weighs 5 million kilos, so it's big. One gallon of petrol gets you
 about 15 yards. Is it like a maximum speed limit of like one mile an hour or something? Yeah,
 if that is really slow. So there are just petrol stations that she just back to back all the way.
 I can't silly pull it in and out and out and out. And as you just one super quick building removal,
 in 1903 there was a mansion called the Captain Samuel Brown Mansion in Pennsylvania. And it had
 to be demolished because they were building a railway. And a descendant of the original owner said,
 "Would you mind rather than demolishing it, just moving it 160 feet up that massive cliff next to it?"
 That would be really nice. And so they, for some reason, the authorities agreed to this. And so
 160 feet is quite a lot, almost sheer cliff. So they had to excavate the entire cliff and they
 put these giant shelves in it. So they put four enormous shelves and then they lifted it up on
 winches, one shelf at a time that were powered by horses. They needed 20,000 beams to do it. So
 pulled it up onto one shelf, plopped it down, horses had a rest, pulled it up onto the next one.
 And it eventually cost more than the original house it cost to build. And then extremely soon
 afterwards it was completely destroyed in a fire. Okay, it is time for fact number three. And that is
 my fact. My fact this week is when at home Freddie Mercury slept in a queen-size bed.
 So nice to know that. This was Freddie Mercury's final home that he lived in. It was in London. He
 bought it from a big banking family called The Horror Family. So he referred to it as The Horror House.
 And his partner, Jim Hutton, who was with him for about the last seven years of his life.
 And he gives a fantastic description in this book he wrote memoir about his time with Freddie
 called Mercury in me, in which he describes the top floor of Freddie's London house, which was
 three rooms that were, the walls were smashed down and made into one big room. There was a big dome
 and he said in the corner was Freddie's queen-size bed. And yeah. And do we know if it was deliberately
 chosen for the wordplay? No, it probably wasn't. It's just a nice little detail that is
 get it over as he's describing the room. Yeah, yeah, nice. I have read that book as well. Oh, I got it
 on Kindle and then I just searched through it for references to beds. So you read it, yeah, yeah.
 The only other reference I could find to how he liked to sleep was that when they went to Japan,
 he embraced the way of life of the Japanese and liked to sleep on the floor. So he really liked
 sleeping on the floor. But he didn't really embrace it as far as learning the language because he only
 learned two words in Japanese, domo and mushy mushy, which he said at every opportunity.
 Freddie Mercury was a very interesting guy. I found that he once had a verbal spat. This is one of
 the famous stories about him. He once had a verbal spat with Sid Vicious from the Sex Pistols and he
 managed to infuriate Sid Vicious by deliberately misnaming him Simon Ferocious.
 Did he have four extra teeth? He did, yes. Did he had four extra teeth behind his first teeth?
 Really? Is that what he had such protruding first teeth? Front teeth? Yes, it is. Does he used to be
 called Bucky Balsara? That was his nickname at school because Buktoothed and he was born
 Farok Balsara. He was born in Zanzibar and his parents were originally Indian, weren't they?
 And so, yeah, Farok Balsara, Bucky Balsara. Yeah, he never got rid of them because the worry was,
 it would affect his vocal cords. He had such a fantastic range. So his problem in life was,
 do I go for vanity or do I go for what I love music and he went for music? So Queen of
 Very Famous for having big, extravagant parties. And there are lots of lurid stories about, you know,
 dwarves with cocaine on their heads and all this stuff. But Roger Taylor, the drummer, said another
 thing they had at their parties. I can't believe this. They had basically a specific party consultant.
 He said, "We had a man whose job was to find unusual people. And in America, he hired a guy whose
 thing was to lie on the ground, covered in these great big, cold meat collations that Americans love.
 He would be completely covered by meat and then he would shift and make the meats move.
 The idea was to freak people out. I can imagine that freaking girl. I had a load of Greg sausage rolls
 on a table and suddenly one of them wiggled around. Wow, they're just draped in salami.
 There's been a line on the ground covering me and this huge part of meat would start sort of
 writhing around. I think that's a great party tray. But surely people can tell if I went to get
 meat of something, I think I could tell if I was getting it off a plate or a person.
 Or was it so many of us were so covered in meat. So covered. He was completely covered in meat.
 I can't say that was his thing. How did he breathe? Did he have like a straw coming out through the
 meat? He must have done right. I imagine you would have to have a straw. Always look out for the
 straw. If you see a big pile of meat. Or he could have had a scuba gear on. But with a fault.
 Yeah, with a full time. But then you need even more meat to cover the oxygen tank
 and the flippers of course. I would, you'd roll up bits of salami and then breathe through them.
 So do you know that Bohemian Rhapsody, the movie, that's now one of all these Oscars?
 What do you want to stop talking about meat man?
 The single greatest party man. What was I thinking? Sorry, thanks.
 There was apparently there was also a woman who offered for $100,000 to decapitate herself
 with a chainsaw. What? I don't, I'm not sure they had that at the party. I don't think so.
 That's quite a low price for doing that. It's kind of a relatively low price, isn't it?
 Was she going to spend it on? There is some blue tack.
 Sorry, sorry, Daniel. Sorry if I could just mention a fact.
 So Bohemian Rhapsody, we, Rami Malik, was the actor playing Freddie Mercury but it was
 originally when it's been in production for many, many years in pre-production rather. And
 Sasha Baron Cohen, Ali G, was meant to play Freddie Mercury and he got fired because he wanted it
 to be the more the meat man party kind of stuff going on and the decapitation and they said no,
 we need to do it differently. But he said this interesting thing which was, he was talking to one
 of the members of the band, didn't name who. But he said the person, the band member said, you know,
 this is such a great movie because it's got such an amazing thing that happens in the middle.
 And Sasha said, well, what happens in the middle of the movie? And he said, well, you know,
 Freddie dies. And so Sasha went, but what happens in the second half of the movie then?
 Like, that's why people are there to see it. They're there to see Freddie. And they said, well, you know,
 they then see a band that goes from strength to strength. So the original idea was that we were
 going to watch how Queen sort of became who they really were, post-Freddie. And I'm not sure that,
 I mean, they've done some good things but the only real fun thing I could find musically from Brian
 May, who was the guitarist, was that in 2003, he set up a band with Brian Blessed.
 I mean, that's good. Here we go. Yeah. They were a part of an animal rights group to protect the
 Badger. Is it good? Yeah. So they were, they were, they were called Team Badger. And they released a
 song, which was called Save the Badger, Badger, Badger. And then they formed another band with David
 Attenborough and Slash, the guitarist from Guns and Roses. Oh my god. To create a super group,
 this is Brian May. And they were called The Artful Badger. And they released a song, dedicated to
 Badger, it's called Badger Swagger. I'm going to watch this film. I'm going to find it. We're in the
 second half, Freddie Murk, little vampire Freddie Murkery comes back, but he's got extra teeth. So he's
 more of a risk. But we should probably say, isn't Brian May's on topic, that he is a really cool guy
 in his own right. So he finished his thesis, his doctoral thesis. Maybe you guys know that he's a
 physicist. And he wanted to do physics. And then he got involved in this whole queen shenanigan.
 But he went back to doing his thesis. And in 2007, then he submitted it. It's a survey of radial
 velocities in the zodiacal dust cloud. And he submitted it 37 years after starting the research,
 which is actually one of the most thesis, because you have to catch up on the intervening 33 years of
 research, which have been quite a lot. But he was studying a super interesting thing. So zodiacal
 light is this, it's a misty cone of light that appears a few hours before sunrise in the east,
 or a few hours after sunset in the west. And it's what we call false dawn. So we've all kind of
 seen it. And you often think it's sort of a town on the horizon or something. It's actually the
 reflected sunlight, sort of shining of scattered bits of dust in the solar system. And they only
 worked out really what it was a few years ago. But yeah, that's what that's what his whole thesis is on.
 And he just did it. Very cool. I prefer his team Badger stuff.
 Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show. And that is James.
 Okay, my fact this week is that according to people who make their livings walking on fire and
 walking on broken glass, neither is as painful as walking on Lego. Amazing. This is true. So this
 was an article from the Smithsonian. They were talking to a guy called Scott Bell who is a former
 fire walking world record holder. And he now runs a company where they do walking on fire,
 walking on glass and walking on Lego. And he still does the glass and the fire, but he refuses
 to do the Lego stuff. And basically the reason is that walking on fire, as long as you do it quite
 quickly, is not that bad at all because the conductivity of the calls is not so great. The glass,
 if you walk in it, they really make it very, very small. And so when you step on it, it kind of moves
 around underneath your feet, but Lego do not move at all. And they're really hard and they're really
 pointy. And I don't need to tell you guys that it's fucking painful when you stand up. And so when
 you're walking across them, there's nowhere for them to go. They just stay there and they just dig
 into your feet and they're really, really painful. And so he refuses to do it. It's a really good
 article this Smithsonian because they talk about how much mass Lego can withstand before it crumbles
 or goes. And every single brick can withstand a mass of 400 kilos before it even starts moving.
 What it means is that you know that scene in Die Hard where Bruce Willis is crawling over broken
 glass. If he'd been crawling over Lego, that would have been a really exciting scene. Just the glass
 bit in that article, they got that confirmation that it hurt more to go on Lego from a cabaret performer
 called Bazoo the Clown spelled K-L-O-U-N. So this is a guy who juggles balls of barbed wire and he
 lets people staple dollar bills to his chest. He also walks on glass and he confirmed Lego is just
 way worse. Have you said, there is a thing called the Lego, well I think there are some crazy
 YouTube people who did a thing where they did a Lego treadmill challenge. So you're running on a
 treadmill, but people in front of the treadmill are pouring Lego from a bucket onto it and I just
 looks like the worst thing in the world. That's a really good prank to play with the gym, isn't it?
 So you can't, you can't walk on Lego but you can't swallow it, can't you? So swallowing,
 you're basically fine. That's why if I need to walk into a room where a child's been, I always walk in
 on my mouth. This is that they put holes in the legs of Lego, sorry they put holes in the head of
 Lego pieces so that if kids swallow them they can still breathe and in fact to really check this
 is okay. There were six scientists a short while ago in the UK and Australia who swallowed Lego
 pieces themselves to a lay parents fears that it would be a bad thing. So they all swallowed these
 heads and they said that they all had different techniques so you had to swallow the heads and then
 work out how long they took to come out the other end. I mean they didn't work it out, they just
 wasted for it to come out and that was the only time. Well no but the working out is comes from
 the search because we're searching for your own feces can be quite difficult and they said they
 all use different techniques so they use chopsticks or forks. Some of them squashed their poo into a
 ziplock bag so that they could find the Lego piece in it if it was there and it's... Sorry, does
 everyone else not put their poo in a ziplock bag? And they always hangs it on a tree as he walks around
 must be so confusing if you had corn for dinner the night before. They actually literally said this,
 they said they didn't eat corn because that would be too confusing because there's little yellow
 bits down, you're a born scientist. And anyway there were six scientists and for five of them the
 Lego head came out within three days. What happened to one of the six? Dead. Yeah but you've got
 five and six hours, no it just never came out but we think he didn't look in the bag properly.
 He didn't look in the bag properly but they all survived the experience. Because you won't just be
 picking for the rest of your life. I wonder if it's still in there. The face would gradually get
 sadder and sadder as it stayed in you. Everything is not awesome.
 There is one awesome Lego thing. There is a crab who lives in a shell made of Lego
 is the only one known to science. But how did he get the, he won't have built in himself.
 He lives at Lego land. So he's called Harry the crab and he's a hermit crab and they
 are the ones who move into empty seashells. So the staff there they made him a shell out of Lego
 and they gave him the choice of lots of shells and the Lego one and he chose the Lego one.
 There are videos of him online just scuttling around with his Lego house.
 It's so sweet. If you work at Lego land you're known as a model citizen.
 Nice. So they call themselves? That's great.
 It's good, doesn't it? What if you employ a criminal?
 You still call him that? I didn't know where the name Lego actually came from, like the origin of it.
 So it means play well in Danish which I think we maybe have mentioned before. But I didn't know that
 it was the result of a competition in 1934 by Ollie Kurt Christianson who's the person who
 basically invented Lego and he came up with a competition to name the new company that he was
 setting up the toy company and he opened it up to lots of friends and family and people in his
 business and employees and he offered up a bottle of his own homemade wine as a prize.
 At the end of it the winning entry was the name Lego and it was his own entry.
 Cheers.
 A weird echo in my head of you saying he offered a bottle of his own urine.
 I think because we've been talking about Frank Buckland and about…
 Did I say his own urine?
 No, you said his own homemade wine. No, but homemade wine is another way of putting it, isn't it?
 Very true. This is just I found this quite fascinating because I don't understand maths,
 but if you have, you know what a qualifier.
 How are your Royal Institution Christmas Lecture Series coming on?
 So if you have a piece of Lego that has eight studs in it and then you had six of those,
 the combination of connecting those six different pieces to an eight studded Lego brick
 is over 915 million possibilities of how you can make those combinations.
 Yeah, all the Lego in the world could build you ten towers to the moon if you want to go with
 nine friends that you don't need a tower to reach to get to the moon.
 Hang on, each of you climbing up one piece of Lego.
 One Lego tower.
 Sorry, one Lego tower, but it's one piece wide.
 I believe so, yes.
 I'm not doing that.
 I don't think the integrity would hold.
 I would rather have one tower, ten pieces wide.
 Yeah, and then just have people follow you behind you.
 That makes a lot.
 I'm going to redo my architectural plans for this.
 You do not understand maths.
 So they did a study quite recently, another one where they put a bucket of old Lego bricks
 inside a washing machine and just let it run.
 They let it run for 70 minutes of 40 degrees Celsius and they then took it out to see what had happened.
 And they found that some of the bricks had just automatically stuck together.
 Cool.
 This is really cool, right?
 So they found that quite a lot of two bricks have stuck together,
 but then there were some as many as six or eight of them had stuck together.
 And what people who did this study have said, now it's a bit of a stretch,
 but they said that it was a bit like the primordial soup that happened at the start of life.
 Whoa!
 And the building blocks of life are like the building blocks of Lego
 and maybe all of the RNA and DNA and proteins all came together in the same way as Lego.
 It is bullshit, isn't it?
 Oh, wow.
 In a way, we are all washing machine Legos.
 Yes.
 Imagine if you put a bunch of Lego in the washing machine,
 opened it up an hour later and there was a massive pirate ship or something.
 If you did it enough times, that must happen. That's the new infinite monkeys and infinite
 typewriter in the mess.
 Infinite washing machines with infinite amounts of Lego inside will eventually form a pirate ship.
 We're going to have to wrap up this thing.
 I've just got one more fact about training on things you don't want to tread on.
 Okay, yes, it's a fact from the news this week.
 And weirdly, it involves it block bags.
 So in Cheshire, this week, resident in Middlewich, he was really annoyed about the amount of
 dog poo around and he's 47. He walks his dog and he decided there was too much dog poo about.
 So he said, "I'm going to turn it into a competition."
 And he told the local newspaper, "I had a spare £20 note that I did not need."
 So I put it in a ziplock bag and hit it under some dog poo and then notified his local
 neighbours and community. Oh my god.
 He said, "I posted it on Facebook and a lot of people got back to me."
 The woman who found it essentially had been looking for quite a long time.
 "I did not shake hand."
 Should we wrap up?
 Okay, that is it. That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you would like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said
 over the course of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Shribeland, Andy.
 @AndreyHondaM.
 James Harkin.
 And Shazinski.
 You can email podcastacui.com.
 Yep, you can go to our group account, which is @nosuchthing or our website.
 Nosuchthing is a fish.com. We have everything up there from upcoming tour dates
 through to all of our previous episodes.
 Thank you so much. Good night.
 [Applause]
 [Music]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
