 (blues music)
 (speaking in foreign language)
 (blues music)
 (cheering)
 (cheering)
 And welcome to another episode of "No Such Thing"
 as a fish, a weekly podcast coming to you
 from the Up the Creek Comedy Club in Greenwich.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I'm sitting here next to Anna Chazinski,
 Andy Murray and James Harkin.
 Once again, we have sat around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days
 and in no particular order, here we go.
 Okay, time for fact number one,
 and that's my fact.
 My fact this week is that even though we're not sure
 it exists, the new planet, planet number nine,
 is the most planetary planet of all the planets.
 (laughing)
 So this is a major discovery that we found.
 - Yeah, a new planet.
 - Oh, it didn't find.
 - Oh, it didn't find.
 Either way, it's big news.
 - Yeah, we think it exists because of computer modeling.
 They've modeled the solar system.
 They think this thing exists.
 It's absolutely massive.
 And one thing that is very important with planets
 is that it clears out the area of its orbit.
 So the round to other things going round with it.
 And they think according to their calculations,
 this planet has done that more than any other planet.
 And that's what makes it the most planetary planet
 of all the planets.
 According to the guy who discovered it,
 or one of the two guys who discovered it, Doctor Brown.
 - Right.
 - So a planet, a planet is a planet
 that no other things want to be close to.
 Really, right?
 - Well, that's the case.
 Then I and I have landed a planet.
 (laughing)
 - I read a description of it
 that it was almost certain to be a fifth member
 of the Jupiter Saturn Uranus Neptune quartet.
 So it's like the fifth beetle.
 But it's like the fifth beetle was cast into deep space.
 (laughing)
 Yeah, the really cool thing about the new planet
 is you may have seen this in the news.
 The man who discovered it,
 one of the two guys who wrote the paper on it,
 is the same man who killed Pluto.
 - Yeah.
 - So it's like Brown, that is.
 - It's like a grudge match.
 (laughing)
 It's so exciting.
 - His Twitter account is @PlutoKiller.
 - Yeah, isn't it?
 - No.
 - It's actually, yeah.
 - And he says he still gets,
 he gets abuse from, he gets letters
 and obscene phone calls from people who miss Pluto.
 (laughing)
 He said, these are his exact words.
 He said, I got hate mail from young children for many years.
 (laughing)
 And he doesn't get any more now
 because young children these days know
 that Pluto is no longer a planet.
 - Pluto was named by a child, wasn't it?
 - Was it?
 - Yeah.
 - By an 11-year-old girl, Venetian,
 I read such a nice interview with her,
 which was about five years ago, I think,
 about how exciting it was that she'd named Pluto.
 And the interview kept on asking her why she'd named it Pluto.
 It was a NASA interviewer.
 The NASA interviewer said,
 "And you thought about it because of the Greek
 and Roman mythology about Pluto being the god
 of the underworld, yes?"
 And she'd be like, "No, no, I don't think it was as subtle
 as that, no, it was just the name I knew hadn't been used."
 Okay, but it was also because the first two letters,
 PL, have a connection with Persevalal?
 (laughing)
 No, no, I certainly didn't realize that.
 I appreciate it.
 (laughing)
 - Point interviewer, give me something.
 - She got five pounds for that.
 - But they took that five pounds off her
 when they demoted it from the planet.
 (laughing)
 - No?
 (laughing)
 - She said, she was in her late 80s when it was demoted
 and they asked her about it at the time.
 She said, "At my age, I've been largely indifferent
 "to the babe."
 (laughing)
 - She's just saying that's a hide all the hate mail
 that she's been saving to Mike Brown, hasn't it?
 (laughing)
 And so they're gonna come up with a new name for this planet
 and they don't know what they're gonna call it yet.
 - So a working name is George, isn't it?
 - Oh, is it?
 - No, that's quite nice because we almost did have
 a planet called George.
 - Uranus is called George.
 - Oh, it's called George and they said that's a ridiculous name.
 (laughing)
 And then they said, "Let's go with Uranus."
 (laughing)
 - It was gonna be named George after King George III
 and then they said, "No, why do they say
 "no to King George III?"
 Was it after a living?
 - All the other planets were named after Roman gods
 and suddenly some dickhead King's gone.
 Oh, named it after me.
 - No.
 (laughing)
 - So Mike Brown and his friend Constantine Batigin,
 who's the other person who's kind of found this one,
 their working name for it is Planet Fatty, okay.
 They said that they're gonna call it Planet Fatty
 because it's 1990 slang for something that's cool.
 But I went on to Urban Dictionary and Fatty does not mean cool.
 It means something that I really cannot say on the site.
 - Really?
 - Yeah, it's something very rude indeed.
 - Wow.
 - Fatty with a pH.
 - Oh yeah.
 - So James, you think another new story
 that's gonna come up is that Pluto
 is gonna be renamed to Planet?
 - I think it will do in the next couple of years, yeah.
 - What?
 - I think what will happen in the next couple of years is
 - What?
 (laughing)
 - I'm gonna get a lot of hate metal for this.
 (laughing)
 - Give me a stamp.
 I thought the thing was it's so tiny
 and there are so many hundreds of other objects
 which are the same size.
 - So I think all the other hundreds
 will get called planets as well.
 That's my guess, you know.
 - So much more memorizing to do in year nine at school
 is it gonna be in the end of 2000?
 - No.
 - They're all the planets, well, how long have you got?
 - I was reading about the current status of,
 Pluto's current official name is asteroid number 134-340.
 - Which is a long way to the fuller now.
 - Why did they call it that?
 Was it 'cause it's like an asteroid?
 - It's named after the ancient Greek god 134-340.
 (laughing)
 - Some of the names that they maybe,
 some people have suggested names on Twitter
 and whatever for this new planet.
 Minerva, Persephone, Nix, who's the goddess of the night,
 is quite a good one.
 Some people have said Bowie because of the timing of that.
 And the first person to suggest this one,
 which is my favorite, was at Ted Vogel_Wilson.
 And he thinks it should be called Pluto.
 (laughing)
 - Very nice.
 - That's a good name, sir.
 - That's very good.
 - I haven't said more puns in the sky, so.
 (laughing)
 - So there's been other news this week,
 which has been really exciting in sort of NASA news,
 Space News, which is, I saw an article about Scott Kelly,
 who's been up there now 300 days,
 and he was celebrating for 300 days of being in--
 - No, sorry, I'm going to wait.
 - Did he really got up there?
 The media is celebrating.
 (laughing)
 - I'm in space, guys.
 - Well, actually, it's weird you guys bring that up.
 They now factor in ordnance when astronauts go up.
 So Tim Peek, when he went out on his first ever EVA,
 when he went outside the ship,
 they didn't use, they used to have a really tight schedule.
 Go straight here, they now factor in time
 because any astronaut who would go outside
 would find themselves just going, oh my god,
 I'm hanging in space, I'm looking at the planet Earth,
 and they never factored in time for that.
 So they've now given all time,
 where you can just go, oh, and then get on with your work.
 So all time is now a thing, so it's great.
 But yeah, so he's up there, he's with this guy, Scott Kelly,
 who's been up there 300 days,
 and Scott Kelly made this clip to celebrate it
 by showing how you play ping pong in space.
 And what they do is, they have these little bats
 that are built to move water.
 And so this is just as a practical thing in space.
 And so what they do is they play ping pong
 using a droplet of water,
 and you just hit a droplet of water over,
 and it heads that way, and then you hit it back.
 He was playing on his own.
 I don't think it's caught on as again, yeah.
 Up in the ISS.
 But while I saw I was watching this video,
 it was really interesting,
 'cause he's playing, and he's talking about it,
 and I noticed as I was watching it,
 that he's wearing a belt.
 And I'm like, why are you wearing a belt in space?
 That's not going anywhere, so I Googled it,
 and I was looking why wear a belt in space,
 and it turns out you wear a belt in space
 to stop your trousers from falling up.
 And we need to move on to our next fact in a second.
 Anyone got anything else before we do?
 Just one last thing on Mike Brown,
 the astronomer at the centre of all of this.
 I just love the title of his 2010 book on the whole matter.
 It is how I killed Pluto, and why it had it coming.
 (audience laughing)
 Okay, it's time for our second fact of the show,
 and that is James Harkin.
 Okay, my fact this week is that the first use
 of the word snowmageddon came in the same press release
 as the first apology for the use of the word snowmageddon.
 (audience laughing)
 Because of all the snow in America,
 I thought I'd see like the history of snowmageddon.
 And I found a use in 2008,
 it was a press release from the Canadian government,
 and they said about how it snowmageddon,
 and then right at the end in a very Canadian way,
 they say, "We're sorry, we're not trying to take the mickey
 "and say that it's not very important.
 "It is important, sorry about snowmageddon."
 No, we're really sorry, really.
 (audience laughing)
 And then the snowmageddon was kind of not used that much
 for a couple of years, and then in 2008 and in 2010,
 they had a massive storm in Washington, DC,
 and that's when snowmageddon really took off.
 Right.
 And according to Wikipedia, there was a few other things,
 snowzilla within a few hours of snowmageddon,
 and apparently that storm also popularized the term
 Kaiser Snowze.
 (audience laughing)
 This latest storm, it's produced a thing,
 'cause you guys I'm sure have all seen
 all the enormous snowfall in the East Coast of America,
 it's been thunder snow is what's been produced.
 Oh yeah, 'cause Scott Kelly tweeted it.
 Scott Kelly, who is on the International Space Station,
 I think that was how we found out,
 or he, very early on when it was happening,
 he tweeted thunder snow,
 and 'cause he's obviously such an knowledgeable guy,
 he said, "This is unbelievably rare by the way, guys."
 And it's even more rare that I'm seeing it
 from the other side of it.
 (audience laughing)
 We had super rare, isn't it, thunder snow?
 Yeah, so it's where a storm, instead of producing rain,
 produces snow, 'cause of the different way
 the air rubs together or something.
 (audience laughing)
 It's some naughty bullshit that we're not gonna give the time to.
 I think when a cloud produces snow instead of rain,
 it's usually just 'cause it's cold.
 (audience laughing)
 You can blind me with all the meteorology like this.
 (audience laughing)
 I read today, I had no idea about this,
 so it's snow's on Mars.
 So it's not your classics, no.
 It's not your like, it's not like snow,
 but they call it like it's kind of like a snow cold
 that falls from the sky, exactly.
 So the Mars rover was looking up, don't know why,
 it was just looking up and it could see this snow coming down
 and it was having all time.
 (audience laughing)
 Wow, wow, wow, wow.
 (audience laughing)
 But so Mars has the craziest of atmospheres.
 There's spots in Mars, in the st,
 this was the article that I was reading,
 and told me this, if you stood in a certain spot of Mars,
 your feet could be 21 degrees,
 but your chest would be zero degrees.
 That's how the difference between,
 down there, so I'm curious.
 There's so little atmosphere here to get out of the atmosphere,
 you have to go really, really high,
 but there by your chest, you wouldn't be in the atmosphere anymore.
 So it'd be really, really cold.
 Actually speaking of hot and cold,
 I was reading, so something that's happening
 to go back to space news is the Keppler Space Telescope
 that was sent out a few years ago as do you back
 or back this year, I think.
 And so that's found tons of new planets.
 And one of the planets it's found
 is it's a planet called Glieze 581c.
 And what NASA says about that is, so it's tidally locked.
 So that basically means that it doesn't really rotate.
 So half of it is, one half of it is scorching hot,
 while the other half is constantly frozen.
 It is believed to be the best candidate for human expansion.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So the current storms in America,
 there is a guy who's capitalizing on the moment.
 He started it last year.
 It's a business called shipsnoyo.com.
 He's called Kyle Wearing.
 And you can buy snow in a box from him.
 And he sends it over, and he keeps it cool.
 And NASA makes sure it doesn't melt.
 He packs it in--
 It's like an inesky.
 He packs it in an inesky, yeah, so it doesn't over.
 And that is an Australian word for like a fridge.
 Yeah, it's like really.
 It's like if you're going to the beach,
 and you're bringing some bottles, and you're just going
 to sit there and down some tunis, it's that kind of thing.
 It's weird, because when the Australian comes out
 and you put it there, it really comes out.
 I'm an Aussie by the way, I just can't sound it.
 So there's a story just quickly following up on this.
 He offers-- by the time your eskies arrived
 and your snow's melted, he offers you a refund,
 and you'll send you a whole new batch of snow.
 There's also someone cap-like.
 So quite a few people have made it,
 even though a lot of people are in serious trouble.
 A lot of people actually are quite comfortable
 and having a lot of fun with it.
 People are making bars out of the snow,
 and serving drinks there.
 Yeah, they sold tons of extra booze, didn't they?
 As soon as they knew the storm was coming,
 they just went to the shops and bars,
 much booze as they could possibly get.
 And that's someone on Airbnb put up an igloo
 that they've built for $10 a night, you can rent the igloo.
 You've got to bring your own sleeping bag.
 But it's suddenly-- so since reading the article,
 it's been updated, the article, and it's now
 no longer on Airbnb.
 They're not sure if it was banned or if it melted.
 One of the two.
 So on naming storms, this storm doesn't need a name.
 And the weather channel, I think, is again the US weather channel.
 So why doesn't it need a name?
 Because of that.
 The only name.
 So a snowstorm is not a finite thing.
 It's just, I think, one meteorologist I was reading
 said it's just an extension of normal weather.
 So something like that.
 Everything's just an extension of normal.
 There's no supernatural weather, which--
 No, something like a cyclone has a very finite start and finish.
 Oh, I see.
 You can be quite exactly when we're starting exactly when it finish.
 So they need names, but storms don't.
 But the weather channel has announced
 the storm names for 2016.
 And they are things like Ajax.
 So there's going to be a storm called Ajax.
 Kyla.
 Quo, as in status.
 And Zandor, Wailon, and Yolo.
 Storm Yolo.
 Have you been killed by Storm Yolo?
 Well, you want me to die once.
 There's a paper in Canada that came out this week
 that warned people against eating snow.
 Because apparently, snow is really
 good at collecting bits from the car exhausts
 or bits of toxins from the air.
 Snow is really, really good at picking it up.
 And so if you kind of take a little bit of scoop of snow
 from the ground, like a lot of people do,
 and just kind of eat some of it, like everyone does, yeah?
 It's snowing, tonight, we--
 The South Korean government, a few years ago,
 made an explicit thing to people saying,
 you must not eat yellow snow.
 There was an actual press release saying,
 you must not eat yellow snow.
 And that's because they'd had this snow that had come,
 which was yellow, and it had like heavy minerals
 and stuff from some power stations.
 Oh, really?
 Oh, wow.
 And so that's the one reason that you should never eat yellow snow.
 Minorals from power stations.
 We're going to have to move on.
 Just before we end, I read one thing, which
 is a new theory that's erupted this week.
 Penguins, they think, may--
 I mean, there are so many qualifications in this already.
 You can get away with saying anything at this point, though.
 So penguins, they think, they think, may, possible.
 When they're about to mate,
 they will need a nice--
 Wait, is this the thing you think this is?
 No, this is the penguins.
 No, the penguins, if it's true, know it.
 It's absolutely the--
 So they think that the penguins are like,
 oh, we need somewhere to have a good time.
 Why not here?
 But oh, it's really cold in icy and snowy.
 So they'll poo on it.
 And then the poo melts the snow.
 And then they go, now that's where we have sex.
 There's a new theory.
 It's true that they poo.
 I'll give you that.
 Blah, blah, blah.
 OK, time for fact.
 Number three, and that is Andrew Hunter Murray.
 OK, my fact is that this week we have discovered
 the largest prime number ever.
 We would have discovered it in September,
 but the computer which found it, forgot to tell anybody.
 So this has happened.
 So there are computers all over the world
 looking for new prime numbers.
 And they're up to really enormous ones now.
 And they're very useful in encrypting stuff.
 Yeah, they're called GIMPS.
 GIMPS, yeah.
 Something massive prime internet.
 Merzene, which I think--
 Merzene's prime search.
 Yeah, Merzene.
 It's Merzene primes.
 So these are prime numbers named
 after a French guy called Merzene.
 And you can download a computer program onto your computer.
 And it will look for these prime numbers.
 And if you find one, then you get like 100 grand
 or something like that, $100,000.
 And everyone, a lot of people have put it
 onto the computer, but the people
 who found it this week or last year or whatever it was,
 they have so much computer processing power
 that they've managed to find loads of them.
 Right.
 Yeah, I think they found like four of the last five
 or something like that, right?
 Yeah.
 So the new one, I'm going to read this out from here.
 The new number is 5 million digits
 longer than the previous largest one.
 It's 2 to the power of 74 million, 207,281.
 All of that minus one.
 Yeah.
 And if you were going to write it out
 and you could write 10 digits in four seconds,
 this is a calculation by a New York Times correspondent,
 it would take you three months without slowing down.
 Yeah.
 It's got 22 million digits in it.
 Like my phone.
 It starts 3-0-0-3-7-6-4-1.
 It starts up.
 And then it ends 0-0-7-3-3-9-10-8-6-4-3-6-3-5-1.
 And for people at home--
 So you've just given away the ending.
 There's no point reading the middle now.
 For people at home, we edited out the other 22 million,
 I just didn't say.
 And you can download the actual number
 and get it on your computer and have a look through it,
 which I did.
 Look great.
 It contains my six-digit code to access
 my bank account.
 Oh, James, don't say that.
 And people will know.
 It contains it 21 times.
 Wow.
 That's how big this number is.
 It contains my library number twice.
 And at one stage, it has 8/7s in a row.
 So I'm just giving you the edited highlights here.
 I was watching an interview with the guy who discovered it,
 or rather the guy who set the computer up that discovered it.
 And there was a moment that, like, this is amazing.
 There's the big new prime number.
 It's beyond any that we've had before.
 What can we do with it?
 And he was like, we have no idea.
 Literally nothing.
 It has no point.
 There's no problem.
 So most of them can be used for encrypting things on computers.
 Yeah.
 Unfortunately, this one is now such a global celebrity
 that it will be noticed immediately by hackers.
 So if you have a clean, there's several million digits on.
 The thing is, you use prime numbers in encryption
 by taking two prime numbers, multiplying them together,
 and then it's finding the factors of that secondary number.
 Now, if you have a number which has got 23, 24 million digits in,
 you know that one of them must be this number.
 So everyone knows that it must be this one.
 So it's really easy to crack.
 So the only time this will be useful
 is when we get some even bigger numbers that we can use.
 Which we will do one day.
 Yeah.
 I'd never heard prime numbers described like this,
 but they're the building blocks of maths, really.
 And they're the equivalent of atoms in science,
 because prime numbers are, because nothing goes into them,
 and everything else is a factor of something else.
 So everything else can be split up.
 You can't split up a prime number.
 Well, they were equivalent of an atom.
 And something else I didn't know about prime numbers,
 because you think they're kind of so randomly distributed.
 If we've taken this long to work out what the pattern is,
 is that all prime numbers, if you square them,
 are a multiple of 24, and then adding one.
 Now, you can just run that down.
 Not the really small one.
 No one's under fire.
 Not the number of prime numbers.
 Anything over five.
 Seven is, oh god, we're going to go through them all.
 11 is 13 is 17.
 11 is.
 Yeah, so they found this using the GIMPS software.
 And this is the weird thing about GIMPS is,
 if you go up to Google and type the word GIMPS into Google,
 all of the first five things that you get
 are about this prime number thing.
 The same is not true of Google images.
 This is amazing.
 So cicadas, you know, there's that kind of cicada in North America,
 which only comes up to the surface.
 Every 17 years.
 Well, it's every prime number of years.
 So in some places, it's every 13 years.
 In some places, every 17 years.
 In some places, another prime number of years.
 And which sounds ridiculous.
 But it was hypothesized in the article I read that actually
 does make sense.
 Because if you come up in a prime number of years,
 you have the least chance of coinciding with predators,
 which also have, like, periodical patterns.
 Because so, let's say you come up every eight years,
 then if you're hunted by a panther that appears every two years,
 then they're going to bump into you a lot.
 But if you're coming up every prime number of years,
 then you're not going to bump into predators
 every prime number of years.
 Do you think there's just a car that comes up every two
 to the 74 million years?
 And the only reason we haven't seen it is because, you know,
 you'd be pretty lucky to see that one, you know.
 Yeah.
 I don't know what a cicada is.
 It's a little insect.
 It's OK.
 Look at that.
 Yeah, like a cricket.
 Got it.
 Cicada fact, there's only one cicada in the UK.
 One species of cicada.
 Oh.
 One.
 The cicada.
 Lonesome Trevor.
 There's only one species of cicada in the UK.
 It's called the New Forest cicada.
 And we think they live in the New Forest,
 where they might have died out, because no one's seen one
 for about 10 years.
 And you should be able to hear the call,
 but you can't really hear it because it's outside
 of human hearing range.
 But you can buy an app.
 And the app can hear the cicada call.
 And so you can walk around the New Forest
 with your app listening for cicadas.
 And then if you find one, then you'll
 have discovered that they still exist.
 Wow.
 That'd be cool.
 That's right.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So I didn't find any prime number stuff.
 I started looking into numbers of the week.
 And there's a very famous set of numbers now.
 This is going to be a long list.
 Now, six.
 Now there was this week, a set of numbers,
 which was, there was this massive lotto,
 the big lottery draw that went.
 And there was a story about this lady who
 thinks she's won the lottery.
 She's found the ticker that she's won with all the numbers.
 But the barcode is missing.
 She put it in the washing machine, didn't she?
 Yeah, she put it in the washing machine.
 It's missing.
 It's one of those things where you think
 that must be the worst situation, right?
 That you've won the lottery.
 And now you've not won it, because you've lost the thing.
 That's all I was looking into is that genuinely
 the worst situation anyone's had in the lottery.
 And I found a guy that I think contends.
 Oh, really?
 Yeah.
 This guy won the lottery.
 OK.
 But this is what led up to him winning the lottery.
 His name is Franz Seller.
 He was born in Croatia.
 He was a teacher.
 He was born in 1929.
 In 1962, his train derailed and plunged into an icy river.
 And he managed to escape and not die.
 The next year in 1963, while flying,
 the door blew out, and he got sucked out of the way.
 And he survived.
 Oh, good.
 It was all good.
 Three years later, 1966, he's riding on a bunge.
 That's sort of what?
 He's riding on a bunge.
 It's Australia.
 It's an Australian term.
 He's riding on a bunge, right?
 Whatever you do, don't check that verb,
 a dictionary when you get on a bunge.
 So he's riding on a bus and the bus suddenly.
 The bus plunges into a river.
 So that's, he gets out and survived.
 So this is 1962, 1963, 1966.
 1970, he must take no public transport by the way.
 Exactly.
 He's in his car.
 Oh, no.
 He's in his car.
 And it just blows up in flames.
 So he escapes.
 And he's all right.
 So that's 1970, 1973.
 He's still weary of public transport.
 In his car, once again, another fire blows up in his car,
 loses all his hair.
 It manages us to make it out.
 There's a whole nice period between 1973 and 1995
 when nothing happens.
 But he stayed at home, then I guess.
 But then he went out and got hit by a bus.
 So that's 1995.
 Then in 1996, 1996, he's back in his car.
 He drove and another, either it was a truck or a car,
 is coming towards him.
 He swirves away.
 He manages to escape his car as it plunges over a cliff,
 lands in a tree, and then the car goes 300 feet down
 and breaks into a nicey river.
 And in 2003, he won the lotto.
 [LAUGHTER]
 1 million.
 That's divine justice.
 That's amazing.
 I think that's worse than losing your ticket and not winning.
 There was a couple.
 There were two other very bad lottery stories.
 So one couple-- I think this was actually last year--
 Edwin and David Neillan, who had a lotto app.
 And they got the right numbers.
 And they sent them off in the app.
 And they'd won 35 million pounds.
 And the app broke.
 And it failed.
 So they had the photographic evidence
 that they tried to send it on the app.
 And it only sent it after the deadline
 because they ran out of signals.
 Oh, I've been using their phone to search for cicada noises
 in New Forest.
 [LAUGHTER]
 OK, let's move on to our final fact of the show.
 And that is Chazinsky.
 Yes, my fact is that in a press release
 about the new English language test
 for migrants, the British government misspelled the word
 language.
 But yeah, this has been a big story over the last few weeks.
 There's the new test for migrants.
 And there's lots of controversy.
 And even if they're on spousal visas,
 if they fail these language tests,
 they might be made to leave the country.
 And it turns out the people who are releasing the press release
 spell language with the A and the U the wrong way around.
 There's a very snotty reply from the government.
 The Prime Minister's official spokesman
 said, "All of us are open to mistakes at times.
 The Prime Minister is fully confident that his team
 speak English competently."
 [LAUGHTER]
 Touched a bit of a nerve.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I went through-- I basically haven't researched that much of this,
 because I just went through trying to find mistakes
 in all government--
 [LAUGHTER]
 --it's all legislation over the last 50 years.
 No, I went-- well, first of all, the independent put together
 a list of 10 questions that are taken from the government's list
 of possible migrant language questions.
 And here's the independence introduction to the questions.
 Listen to this sentence.
 The questions below have been taken from practice exams
 for the B1 test that those who need to prove their knowledge
 of the English language to gain their indefinite leave
 to remain--
 [LAUGHTER]
 Whoa!
 Oh, it's like a cliffhanger of a sentence.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And then-- so one of the questions is maybe I'm wrong about this,
 but it's multiple choice questions.
 And it is a completely under this sentence.
 So one of them is, have you finished with the newspaper
 and its ABCD and the options are--
 Wait, wait, wait, wait.
 Is this the game--
 Tell citizenship.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's against citizenship.
 You have to say whether you've finished with the newspaper.
 [LAUGHTER]
 That's the only criteria.
 Just give the freaking newspaper back.
 You can come in the country.
 [LAUGHTER]
 No, it's have you finished with the newspaper,
 and then it's what is the grammatically correct ending
 to the sentence.
 Have you finished with the newspaper now still yet,
 or already?
 Now, the answer they want, and I did the test,
 yet is the answer they want, already, is completely correct.
 Yeah, if you want to be really passive-aggressive about it.
 Yeah, you can say, have you finished with that newspaper
 already?
 No, it's not that.
 It's not that.
 It's the opposite of that.
 So they want you to fall into the trap of the American.
 Have you finished with the newspaper already?
 But you could also just ask the valid question,
 have you finished with the newspaper already?
 Hasn't have you read it that fast?
 Have you finished with the newspaper already?
 Oh, you could also--
 You could also passive-aggressive, is they?
 Well, have you finished with the newspaper now?
 [LAUGHTER]
 What more brutish than that?
 [LAUGHTER]
 It doesn't make any sense.
 That's what it probably is.
 Yeah.
 So my wife, who's Russian, she will have
 to take these tests quite soon.
 And she was trying out some questions
 from the citizenship test, which is like a general knowledge
 test, and she tried them out on me.
 And literally, I got none of them right.
 Really?
 And my general knowledge is not bad.
 It's all right.
 I have brought a long one to test you,
 because I think your general knowledge is quite good.
 OK.
 Well, one of the ones that she was asked in the practice test
 was, what is a national dish of whales?
 Oh!
 Well, coal.
 Oh.
 Oh, coal.
 Oh, yeah.
 Cool.
 Well, you might think that according to the government.
 Well, exactly.
 But according to the government, it's Welsh cakes.
 Oh, god.
 Sorry, fellas.
 Sorry, guys.
 The whole office will be sending around.
 Ah, yeah.
 Well, of case.
 Yeah, probably Welsh cakes.
 But the other thing is, if I want to become a citizen of Russia,
 I would have to take a Russian language test.
 And the Russian language test has all the normal things
 that you would expect.
 But you also have to be able to interpret hidden meanings.
 Wow.
 That's cool.
 That's cool.
 You know, Bill Bryson released a new book, The Road to Little
 Dribbling, and it's all in the beginning.
 He talks about taking a test to become a British citizen.
 He decided to become it.
 And he was saying that not only are there mistakes in the test,
 but in the books that guide you into how to take the test
 are just completely filled with mistakes.
 One that he pointed out was they were talking about Anthony Hopkins
 and saying that he's someone to be proud of as a British person.
 He's someone to be proud of.
 They spelt his name wrong.
 And also, he's taken up American citizenship.
 He's not a British anymore.
 Tina Turner is Swiss now.
 Ishi.
 Yep.
 Wow.
 So I was looking into the news for other language mess ups
 over the last week.
 And I found one that happened in Sweden.
 They were having their parliament, a political debate
 about very serious issues, actually.
 It was like a really long debate.
 They made a mistake, though, of when they transmitted it,
 they put the wrong subtitles onto the debate.
 So you had guys like Jean Borgland,
 who's the Minister of Education, looking really serious,
 saying something really serious, but the subtitles reading,
 "I will build the best sancasel in the calendar."
 [LAUGHTER]
 I vote for him.
 And then you had Stefan Loffan, the prime minister,
 the prime minister, going the latest invention,
 the fantastic dinosaur submarine.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And then the Minister for Environment, going,
 "Greetings, Earth Creatures."
 [LAUGHTER]
 I have two pairs of boots, one red pair,
 and one yellow pair.
 Which one should I take?
 I'm going to ask my dolls.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Well, I don't know where they got those original subtitles.
 Yeah, it was a cartoon animation.
 Oh, that sounds great.
 It sounds great, isn't it?
 You know that Godzilla has just been awarded Japanese citizenship.
 I was done as a press PR stunt, obviously.
 But it was a particular district of Tokyo
 that he got in Shinjuku, which is a very cool, extremely busy one.
 I think that's-- it's very near the famous crossing in Tokyo.
 Shibuya crossing.
 But they released the certificate, which they'd done.
 And it said, "Previous visits to Shinjuku Ward 3."
 Godzilla, 1984.
 Godzilla versus King Gidora, 1991.
 And Godzilla Millennium, 1999.
 Those were his trips.
 Very good.
 We're going to have to wrap up in a sec.
 So yeah, anything you want to--
 Just as you know, to get South Korean citizenship,
 the test requires you to sing the first four verses
 of the national anthem.
 Sing it in tune.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 That's a tough gig, isn't it?
 And the Dutch citizenship, you have to watch a video
 that includes beach nudity.
 What?
 Where's the film?
 [LAUGHTER]
 What does he want?
 I'll do it even if they don't give me Dutch nudity.
 [LAUGHTER]
 It's become such a liberal country they
 want to show you what to expect if you come to the Netherlands.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Like if people come from other countries
 that are a bit more conservative,
 they might turn up into the Netherlands
 and think, wow, what's going on here?
 Beach nudity.
 So they want to show it so that you're not
 shocked when you see it in real life.
 So can you feel that?
 Is it like if you get an erection, or are you crying then?
 You want both, you want both.
 Feelings are confusing, isn't it?
 [LAUGHTER]
 I'm kidding.
 That's it.
 I'll do it.
 I'll do it all day.
 That's all of our facts.
 [APPLAUSE]
 Thank you so much for listening.
 [APPLAUSE]
 If you would like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things we've said over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on Attribaland.
 James at X-shaped Andy at Andrew Hunter M. Chazinski.
 You can email podcast@QI.com.
 Yeah, or you can go to @QIpodcast or go to our site.
 No such thing as a fish.com.
 We've got all of our previous episodes up there.
 We're going to be back again next week.
 Thank you so much for being here, guys.
 I will see you there.
 Good bye.
 [APPLAUSE]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
