 "Hello and welcome to another episode of no such thing as a fish, a weekly podcast
 coming to you from the QI offices in Covent Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I am sitting here with Alex Bell, Andy Murray and Anna Chazinski and once again we have gathered
 around the microphones with our four favorite facts from the last seven days and in no particular
 order, here we go, starting with you, Andy.
 My fact is that scientists have developed barcodes for zebras.
 Hmm, no zebras.
 They've also developed a separate and identical system for zebras.
 We should get on to how to say the name of the thing in a bit.
 But this is a team of scientists at Princeton and what they've done is this is a particular
 species of zebra called the gravies zebra and it's the rarest of the species of zebra.
 And they've persuaded volunteers to take 40,000 photos of different animals and the scientists
 have then used this software on them because they've all got completely unique strike patterns
 and it combines barcode technology and facial recognition software.
 And so you can now identify an individual animal from it, Leven Skiro, who's been on as
 a guest.
 He has a show in Belgium and one of the games because when you go to a supermarket in Belgium,
 they give you a scanning gun to take around now so you can just scan as you go along the
 items and then you hand the scan gun in at the end and then they tally up what you've
 found in your badge as well.
 So he convinced the supermarket in allowing him to have him and his friends have barcodes printed
 up on t-shirts and they ran around the supermarket like laser quest and we're trying to scan each
 other's shirts and they had to collect all the kills as it were.
 Very cool game.
 Well I've got three zebras, I don't know where I am.
 It's really, I had no idea this is how it works but each gap and space combo is a number
 and so each digit is a combination of seven black and white bars.
 So to say one in a barcode, it's white, white, black, white, white, black.
 You put those all together so it's slightly thicker, white and black width and that is...
 It's kind of like more code.
 Did you read about the guy who invented it and how he came up with it?
 It was several people who developed it but one of the people in charge of developing the
 idea was a guy called Norman Joseph Woodland and he was thinking about it when he was at the
 beach and he drew a sort of Morse code pattern in the sand by doing dots and dashes poking
 them in the sand and then pulled down those dots and dashes into bars and came up with
 the barcode.
 But then the developers turned it into the shape of a bullseye so the first barcodes were
 actually bullseyes.
 Oh yeah, I don't know they took up loads of space, didn't it? So it's actually much more efficient
 to just go with the long line.
 You know that guy Joe Woodland who you just mentioned, so one of the pioneers, supposedly
 he came up with the idea indirectly because of the Atlantic City Mafia.
 Go on.
 Okay, so he got the idea when he was at Drexel University in Philadelphia and he was doing
 a master's degree there and he hadn't originally wanted to do a master's, he wanted to start
 a business where he made a music system for lifts, but anyone to set up this whole phone
 and his father said no, the mob controlled the music it lifts you in Atlantic City or on
 the east coast of the USA, you're not allowed to go into that because they'll get you.
 So instead he went off and did a master's and came up with a barcode instead.
 Oh, a weird industry to decide to control if you're a mafia.
 I think they have a whole range.
 It wasn't just lift music that they controlled.
 That feels like it was really like the mobster's baby brother, they needed to give him something.
 Have you seen that in Venezuela's supermarkets since last year you've had to scan in your
 thinker prints to get to buy anything because so you know Venezuela is going through a very
 horrible time at the moment and there's a lot of food shortages and so the governments
 had to ration stuff and people have been panic buying things like they'll just buy in
 loads of grain or loads of cigarettes or whatever it is that I think the country is going
 to run out of and so in order to stop them doing that, supermarkets have installed fingerprint
 scanners and when you buy something you have to provide ID, you have to give your name, your
 address, your date of birth and you have to scan in your fingerprints so they can make
 sure that you haven't been over buying.
 Whoa.
 If you just want a loaf of bread.
 I was looking into other animals with codes on so in 2010 farmers in some of the painted
 QR codes onto their cows so that to try and raise awareness of their website this is
 dairyfarming.com, well, it's worked.
 My God, best website ever.
 I spent all afternoon on it.
 It's really good.
 There's videos of a new dairy farm technology, there's a farmer's dairy diary, I quite like
 dairy reader.
 Yeah, I did.
 There's a cow of the month as well, a little profile in the cow of the month.
 And there's like what it's like to live as a cow and you can follow the journey of milk.
 It's a really good site, genuine.
 He'd recommend it.
 So the cows are rising the diary?
 No.
 The cows went to the videos.
 They put, they put cameras on the cows and then the cows go around and make videos.
 What did they make videos?
 What the cow...
 They didn't like edit the drives, so I thought they just gave a cow video camera.
 They did that research.
 Did you see, there's a small island.
 I can't remember where it is, but they Google Street View has not got to them yet and they're
 quite furious because they've learned that Google Street View is a fantastic way about
 getting tourism because a lot of people just go, "Wow, this place looks amazing.
 We should go."
 So they've attached cameras, their own cameras, to the heads of sheep and goats and they just
 have them walk through and they've been taking photos.
 So there's whole islands being mapped by sheep now.
 But all sheep do is eat grass, so presumably all you're seeing is this place is full of
 grass.
 That's true.
 We're close-ups of grass.
 And also sheep farmers.
 So you're just going to get a lot of the same pictures, just a lot of sheep's bottoms and
 grass.
 And tourism has plummeted.
 They're also naturally low down, as well, on the...
 Yeah.
 It's not practical.
 They're...
 Yeah.
 Also on barcodes, embryos are going to get them.
 They're developing these at the moment and this is to stop baby swap disasters, because
 you know, there are always a few news stories every year where people end up with the wrong
 baby.
 But the barcode doesn't go on the embryo.
 It goes on the egg.
 One goes...
 It goes on the egg or on the sperm.
 On the actual...
 Wow.
 Yeah, on the sperm.
 And it's a barcode of sperm.
 Well, they're on it.
 It's gonna be a nightmare to scan, apart from anything else.
 It kinda goes off 500 minutes.
 Yeah.
 Not anyone at one.
 Here's a thing about barcodes.
 When they were introduced in the '70s, I think the first item bought with the UPC, which
 stands for Universal Product Code System, was a bit of chewing gum.
 But it was really hard to introduce, because obviously you need hundreds of products to
 have barcodes in order for it to be worth anyone's while.
 And also, they didn't use to come on the packaging, so used to get the food into the shop
 and then you would have to stick on the barcodes.
 Ah!
 The shopkeepers had to glue them onto the boxes.
 Then you could scan them.
 I mean, that doesn't...
 That's not really that weird, because a lot of reduced foods in supermarkets come with
 a fresh barcode.
 That's a good point.
 That's a good point.
 So, yeah.
 But people were frightened of them initially in the '70s.
 People thought that they'd be blinded, because their lasers evolved.
 Oh, yeah.
 Blinded by the scanners.
 By the scanners.
 Yeah, but you just get them a barcode.
 That's a bit.
 Yeah, but it is quite alien, isn't it?
 If you're used to someone just ringing up goods at the till, or, you know, a label which
 says 50p, this weird...
 I don't know.
 I don't know.
 I'm not frightened of them.
 I'd like to make that very clear.
 It was the '70s.
 We had...
 We'd landed on the moon.
 I don't know.
 Petrified.
 I don't think witchcraft people running out of supermarkets screaming.
 We landed on the moon before we had the barcode.
 Yeah.
 That's weird.
 That is odd.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 It feels like the moon is the landing is the last thing that we should do.
 I'm not sure we should have landed there.
 Yeah.
 Even.
 Funny that you mentioned the devil because the universe of product code is part of a big
 devil conspiracy.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 It begins and ends with some sort of easy identifying lines, so that the lasers kind of
 know where the code begins and ends.
 And that resembles a 666 on either side.
 No, there is.
 There's a six.
 And a six.
 There are three sixes throughout the barcode.
 They're not quite sixes.
 They...
 There are sixes as well in the barcode, obviously.
 But at the beginning, they're just markers that look like sixes, they're not quite sixes.
 And there's the guy who developed the product code, George Joseph Lara, has got a section
 on his website where he addresses this constant accusation.
 He says, "There's nothing sinister about this.
 They resemble sixes."
 It's simply a coincidence, like the fact that my first middle and last name will have six
 lasers.
 If you'd like to ask me anything more about this, sacrifice a lamb on your lawn at midnight.
 He does say, "I will not be answering any questions of this as of October 2000," or something.
 There's a section on his website.
 Like the video that you remember, "Ringo Star?"
 Oh, yes.
 Peace and love.
 Peace and love.
 I'm not answering any more fan mail as of this date.
 Peace and love, peace and love.
 The thing is, I genuinely believe that Ringo Star gets quite a lot of fan mail, whereas
 I really struggle to believe that this man is just in on dates.
 Or if he is, it's the same two mad people and he can just block their addresses.
 I was trying to look into how zookeepers identify different species of animals.
 Say they have a bunch in the cage and what do they do to do that.
 Sometimes they have training to teach them the difference between, say, a rabbit and
 a giraffe.
 Exactly.
 It's true.
 It's a better resource to do this though.
 And I didn't find anything.
 But this is the only reason I wanted to mention is that there's a great hashtag that you
 can find on Twitter, which is #ZooKeepersProblems, and it's just really fun because zookeepers
 around the world just put up their problems.
 So a few I have here.
 From yummy tees, I have way too much lemur pee in my hair right now.
 From Jillian Erzare, @JillianErzare, punched in the vaj by a tortoise, #ZooKeeperProblems.
 How slow is Jillian?
 Zebra's caused the most injuries to zookeepers, more than any other animal.
 Are those injuries caused when the zookeepers mispronounced their name so egregiously just
 like Andy did earlier?
 Yeah.
 Because I think that's terrible.
 What did I say?
 Hey Zebra.
 That's going to be the only kind of feedback we'll get about this episode is people saying
 why on earth does Andy say Zebra?
 Is it a problem?
 It's going to be.
 Believe you me.
 Potato, potato.
 Zebra, zebra.
 Yeah.
 Zebra.
 No.
 No.
 Doesn't sound right.
 So why are they injuring us?
 Because they're wild animals, but people think they're like horses.
 So I think that it's just you're more likely to be injured.
 So we're not domesticated.
 No.
 It's impossible to domesticate a zebra.
 They're really, in fact there's only one person I found who managed to even slightly domesticate
 them.
 And that was Walter Rothschild.
 Have you heard of him?
 Yes.
 He is an amazing man.
 He was a late 19th century, early 20th century, he was a zoologist, naturalist.
 He had the most amazing collections of animals.
 He collected tens of thousands of butterflies.
 He was a Rothschild from the banking dynasty, the Rothschilds, so he was seriously wealthy.
 He didn't care about any of the banking stuff, all he wanted was to collect animals.
 And he had a carriage, a harnessed with four zebras, and he rode it along Piccadilly and
 into the forecourt of Buckingham Palace.
 Oh, I think I've seen a photo of that.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Yeah, yeah.
 It's really for one of these sort of historical photos that gets trotted out a lot.
 Yeah.
 Nobody?
 I'm surprised that we still have it.
 It seems to be one of those evolution questions that we haven't solved yet of why they have
 the black and white.
 That my favourite theory, I just can't believe this, is that it cools the zebra down because
 air might move more quickly over the black bits of skin, which absorb light, and then more
 slowly over the white stripes, which reflect it, which might make little convection currents
 around the zebra to cool down.
 Wow.
 I cannot believe that is true.
 Well, I mean, first of all, I think that God/Darwin is looking down on the zebra debate and
 going, "You guys are overthinking this."
 So I just thought it would be fun.
 I love the theory that God/Darwin is looking down right now.
 Only one of them will be looking down right now, if they're right.
 No, they're right.
 They're right.
 In fact, it's either both of them are looking down right now.
 Sorry.
 Okay, it's time for fact number two, and that is Alex.
 My fact this week is that Agatha Christie was once turned away from a party held in her
 honour.
 Nice.
 I think we've all had that.
 Yeah.
 Was she too drunk?
 No, she was too shy, actually, that was the problem.
 So this is in April in 1958, the Maustrap, which is the play in London that is based
 on the book that she wrote, became the longest-running production in history of British theatre, so most
 performances ever, 2,200, 39 performances.
 And there was a big party in the Savoya tell, and so she turned up, all dressed up and went
 to the party room, and the guy at the door didn't recognise her, and she was so shy that
 she just got reinbarassed and went and sat in the lounge and had a drink by herself
 from most of the evening.
 She'd been asked to turn up early, haven't she, by Peter Saunders, who was the producer
 of Maustrap, who said, 'Avoid the press by turning up early, and you can sneak in early'.
 And I think when she did that, she couldn't get into the party, actually, stars it.
 Oh, so she did make it into the party?
 She did get into the party, yeah.
 Because I read an account in the British newspaper archive from the stage newspaper in 1958,
 and it was an account of the speech that she made, and Richard Attenborough actually
 gave this interview about what she'd said, and she just stood up, it was one of the shortest
 speeches in theatre histories.
 She said, 'Well, darlings, I think we'll get a few months out of it.'
 So, yeah, which is weird, because at that point she'd already got ten years out of it.
 In 1972, to exacerbate her shyness, there was another party held in her honour, because
 there seemed to be a constant party's held in honour of someone who was very shy.
 It's like a form of torture.
 But in 1972, she turned up to the party, and she forgot her false teeth, because she was
 in her 80s at that point, and so none of the guests were allowed to speak to her, except
 her very closest friends, because she didn't want to open her mouth.
 And did that cure her shyness?
 Does it cure her shyness, if nobody speaks to you?
 I suppose it might do, because then you have to go and speak to other people.
 Can you imagine you're a shy type?
 You've plucked up the courage to go to your party.
 You know everyone's going to want to talk to you, and you haven't brought your fucking teeth.
 Oh, man.
 Yeah, it's a tough moment.
 It's a tough moment.
 So, I was reading the SmouseTrap play when she died the right when over to her grandson,
 Matthew Prichard, and there's been this big thing where he's been in a bit of a fight
 with Wikipedia, because Wikipedia, often whenever they put the novel or anything, they'll often
 do a really detailed plot analysis of what goes on.
 And SmouseTrap famously has a plot twist right at the end, and it's up there.
 And so he's been trying to get them to take it down, and it's very funny, because even
 on the Wikipedia, they now acknowledge that he's trying to do it.
 But so that he hasn't won.
 Wikipedia says this is just information.
 It stays up there.
 But it's interesting this plot twist, because it's, it's the plot twist.
 Hang on, wait.
 I'm not going to say it, but the plot twist has become famous for being a plot twist.
 And so I for one know what the plot twist is, because of people saying, oh, there's this
 famous plot twist where this happens, I've never actually experienced the actual twist.
 And I reckon the majority of people know what the twist is without ever having actually
 had the twist happen to them, which is a shame.
 I don't know what the twist is, so I'm not going to go on the Wikipedia page.
 I kind of feel like it would be sporting of them to take it down.
 Well, there is, surprisingly, or rather unsurprisingly, on Wikipedia, there's a page you can go to
 with huge discussions from all the Wikipedia and about the attitude they're taking towards
 spoilers.
 That sounds like a really fun reading.
 It's surprised on the Saturday afternoon, but yeah, I mean, it depends on the role of an
 encyclopedia, doesn't it?
 Is the role of an encyclopedia to tell you everything about, you know, the ending of
 all plots?
 Or is the role of an encyclopedia to peak your interest so you want to know more?
 No, I think it's the first one.
 To find out what Zebra's really, you'll have to come and see the stage show.
 Do you know how she described herself?
 She said she was a sausage machine.
 Why?
 A lot of sausage party vital difference.
 No, this was at a time of her life when she was writing two books a year.
 She said, I'm a sausage machine, a perfect sausage machine.
 There was one year where I think she wrote seven books, plays, and the collections of short
 stories.
 If anything, she's a mystery novel machine rather than a sausage machine.
 I think it was a metaphor rather than actually describing it as a story.
 And that was all made up so brilliant as an author is she never, you know, she sometimes
 would not literally describe the thing.
 She was like, I know, but I know it was all those sausages in the leaves, I don't think
 I have all the time.
 Is that the plot twists in the mouth?
 Yeah, the lead character is a sausage all along.
 It was in the drawing room with a sausage.
 I like the idea of her at the press conference where she's giving the interview saying, the
 thing about me is I'm just a sausage machine, a perfect sausage machine and every single
 journalist trying to suppress that snigger, so they write it down.
 Is this the case?
 It's actually saying it without any teeth in as well, that's the reason.
 Do you know where she did a load of her writing?
 On paper.
 On paper and in a rock, I don't know this, second husband was an archaeologist and a really
 evident archaeologist and she went out and did a load of digs with him.
 So there are loads of stories happen in, you know, exotic archaeology dig sites and that
 kind of thing.
 Or the affair few at least which do and that's why she was a very keen archaeologist, wasn't
 she?
 In the second part, like she herself got into it as well as her husband.
 She said to her husband there's this sort of famous anecdote where she says, I just
 wish I knew a bit more about this kind of pottery stuff and he says, do you realize you know more
 about this ancient pottery than any other woman alive in the world today, because it wasn't
 really studied by women at the time.
 Right.
 You know, it was quite a closed shop.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 If you go to the British Museum, you can see a bunch of artifacts that he uncovered.
 I think he made a particularly important find in Nimrod, which is an ancient and rocky city.
 I found some, a bunch of sort of 3000 year old artifacts and they're in the British
 museum and because she cleaned all his artifacts, you can go and see stuff that's been
 cleaned by Agatha Christie.
 That is so cool.
 It's not cool.
 So the British Museum says the reason these have probably been preserved so well over the last
 hundred years is because they were perfectly cleaned by Christie.
 They call it the Queen of Clean.
 They call it the sausage machine.
 They call it the sausage machine.
 They call it the sausage machine.
 They call it the sausage machine.
 They call it the sausage machine.
 I was looking into other people who've been turned away or kicked out from their parties.
 Nirvana kicked out of their own Nevermind Release Party.
 Wow.
 And what they say is they walked away.
 It's really odd though because you read what they did when they got there.
 Basically they started tossing around a watermelon and they effectively started a food fight
 and they were told to leave the release of their album.
 That's a pretty hardcore food fight to start throwing an entire watermelon.
 That's true.
 Yeah.
 I can understand if it's loved at someone's face that that might be.
 Start with mashed potatoes.
 Something.
 I've got a fact about parties.
 There are schools in Japan for how to have a party.
 I don't know.
 Yeah.
 Cool.
 Because it's not really the dumb thing because most people live in very small homes.
 So you don't really have parties where you have loads of people around very much.
 So there is this group which has been set up called the Home Party Association, which teaches
 you how.
 And there are three levels of certification.
 First one.
 You just have to send them about 22 quid and pictures of a party that you have thrown.
 Second one.
 Level two.
 You have to attend five hours of lectures in how to throw a party and you have to write
 an essay.
 And that costs about 200 quid.
 The third one costs about 450 quid for all the training.
 And you have to successfully host a party attended by the examiners of the school.
 Oh my god.
 And get this.
 Get this.
 The failure rate is 90%.
 Whoa.
 No shit.
 Any party attended by examiners is going to be great.
 Yeah.
 By definition, inviting your teachers to a party ruins it.
 Oh my god.
 What you should have taken tips from is the party of the century in the 20th century.
 And I'd never heard of this, but it's this party that apparently is the party of the
 century.
 It was in 1951.
 It was thrown by someone who was known as Charlie, who was heir to some great Mexican silver
 fortune.
 And it sounds incredible.
 And it's been remembered in great party history, great party law, as the greatest party
 ever thrown.
 And so you said a bunch of stuff there that doesn't exist.
 Great party law.
 The great party law.
 The great party law.
 The people of famous parties mentioned at every party.
 It's great and secretly, it's like the beat of party legends.
 I never, I never throw a party without reminding on my guests of the greatest party of the
 century in 1951.
 If you guys had attended these Japanese lectures, you'd be highly familiar.
 What happened at this great party?
 So this is what happened.
 It took place in the Palazzo Lebia in Venice.
 Oh no.
 Okay, it sounded good.
 You weren't wrong.
 It was called the Bal Orientali, or the Bal Oriental, depending on which pronunciation is
 correct.
 So sorry, an Oriental ball inside a labia?
 Yeah, that's correct.
 Okay.
 The host wore 16-inch platform shoes, so he was six foot ten, so he towered above all of
 his guests.
 He changed his costume 16 times throughout the evening.
 And the roof of the place had a garden designed by Dali.
 And Dali actually did attend.
 They attended and Christian Dior attended and they came dressed up as each other.
 That should have a fun little trick.
 It was a costume ball, but Orson Wells' costume didn't arrive on time, so he had to wear
 just a normal suit, which is very embarrassing for Orson.
 We came to himself.
 That's quite a good costume for a party.
 Yeah.
 He should have just claimed he wasn't Orson Wells.
 Daisy Fellows was there, who was a very famous, I think, journalist or socialite at the
 time.
 It was the first time anyone had ever worn leopard print, so she started the trend for wearing
 leopard print in the West.
 It was the first time, you know, a western person had worn leopard print.
 This party is sounding better and better.
 Isn't it?
 So many people threatened to be clear-patterned that it had to be up to the host to settle
 who was going to come as a clear-patterned.
 Right.
 To be clear-patterned.
 It's an anonymous phone call, it's someone who's going to be clear-patterned, your party.
 Americans who hadn't been invited, because it was so famous it was happening, they sailed
 over and arrived in the Lido nearby in their yachts, just in the desperate hope of getting
 an invitation.
 So there were all these wealthy people's yachts, parks in nearby coastline and Lido's, just
 in the hope that they get it.
 Doesn't it sound incredible?
 That's unbelievable, isn't it?
 But who's Charlie?
 Just a super rich guy.
 No one really knows anything more about him.
 That's amazing.
 It sounds kind of great.
 Gatsby-esque.
 So great Gatsby.
 Do you know what was the period of?
 Was that correct?
 It's slightly late in the morning.
 Gatsby is 20s.
 Really?
 I'm Truman Capote through party as well, which was to tie in with the publication of In Cold
 Blood.
 And that, apparently, in America was the big party of 1966.
 Yeah, so it was dubbed the night Capote made 500 friends and 15,000 enemies, because the
 invitations were so coveted.
 The idea that he was saying no to people to the come to this party created more enemies
 than the people who had been coming, liking him.
 And everyone wore masks, so it was, you know, no one who knew who anyone was there.
 Frank Sinatra was there, apparently, Lauren Bacol apparently.
 No one knows.
 They had a mask on.
 The only person without a mask was Andy Warhol, who just decided not to wear a mask.
 So arty.
 And yeah.
 That's like when Brian Cranston went to Comic-Con, and he wore a plastic mask with his own
 face on it, no one recognized him.
 That's really good.
 Yeah, it's funny.
 Are we sure Truman Capote didn't just invite a few thousand randomers off the street,
 but mask on them, take photos and then point at the various photos going, that's Frank Sinatra
 there.
 Skepticism from the woman who told us this cock and bull story about the greatest party
 in 1951 ever told.
 I don't like being faced with this Capote competition.
 Salvador Dali once said, "I am never alone.
 I'm used to being with Salvador Dali always, and that, for me, is a permanent party."
 Okay, it is time for fact number three, and that is Chuzinski.
 My fact this week is that different species of dolphins babysit each other's children.
 So this is some research that was done a while back and reported in the Marine Mammal Science
 Journal, and it's about bottlenose dolphins and spotted dolphins and how they work together
 and they do loads of stuff together.
 And one of the things they do together is leave their children with each other.
 So when dolphins dive deep to hunt squid, for instance, their kids, young dolphins can't
 dive that deep, so they leave them with someone to care for them.
 And these two species, the first instance of species, probably cooperating in this way.
 It would be great if you could get an animal babysitter just for your kids.
 What kind of animal would you pick to babysit your children?
 Presumably not dolphin.
 Not zebra either.
 Yeah.
 Well dolphins are very well qualified.
 If you give the kids armbands and drop them in the sea, then get spotted dolphin to live.
 I don't know.
 I don't know.
 Anytime I've heard about people with dolphins, you always are sort of weird humping going
 on here.
 So I feel like you want to tell the sexy dolphins.
 No, no, no, no.
 I just, I just, anytime I've read about dolphins.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 But then maybe I shouldn't be googling those particular keywords.
 Yeah.
 So the wrong section of the library.
 Do you know that dolphin nipples are secret in the, even though they don't know about the
 secret?
 They're hidden.
 They have these abdominal slits and the nipples are kind of inside the slits or the mammary
 slits they're called.
 And also the penis of the male dolphin is the same.
 It's in a slit and it sort of, it can poke out, but it can retract within the slit as
 well.
 So it's not.
 How convenient.
 The article title that was called dolphins have scary hand-like penises and did you read
 that as well?
 Well, I did, but I've read a debunking of it.
 But you say, what, what have you, no, I just, they have a retractable penis.
 And the idea was that they use it to find things if they're near, if they're near a sort
 of a surface area, they'll use it like humans in the dark, use hands to find their way
 around.
 So it's not.
 I'm afraid that's not quite true.
 I've read a thing by a science writer called Justin Gregg, who's a bit of an expert on these
 masses.
 And he's, there's a myth that dolphins have prehensile penises and that doesn't really make
 any sense because prehensile, like prehensile tails, which can be used to grip and grab things
 and wrap around things.
 They can extend it and they can retract it and they can bend it in different directions
 to help with mating.
 But they probably can't pick up keys, for example.
 Yeah.
 But that's enough to give some directions with that kind of...
 Yeah.
 If you had really tried hard, yeah.
 Oh, so that's not too far off.
 It's not too far off.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So this is an interesting thing.
 They have such control because dolphins, like whales, they have pelvis, because they evolved
 from land animals, which got bored of being on land, went back into the sea, right?
 So all the muscles which attach to their penis and give them this control that left right
 in out, that kind of thing, they are directly attached to the pelvic bone.
 And one side to say it's like operating a trick kite where you pull two strings and pulling
 left and right makes it go in a loop-de-loop.
 But I don't think...
 Wow.
 That's quite a specialized...
 I don't think dolphins and penises can do a loop-de-loop.
 You were talking about the secret nipples.
 It's really interesting how the babies drink the mother's milk.
 So they have a tongue that they can turn into like a little straw.
 You know when you kind of like loop your tongue over and some people do that, yeah.
 No, yeah.
 Like that.
 They do that.
 And their tongue has little fingery things on the end that kind of go into the nipple
 and act a bit like a zip, like they kind of latch on to make it a little bit of a seal.
 Because it is difficult, because they're drinking milk under water, so it's liquid and
 liquid.
 Oh yeah, otherwise it would see pounds.
 Yeah, exactly.
 And it's got the consists of milkshake, apparently, the milk.
 And yeah, it lost about five to ten seconds.
 But it smells...
 It smells a fish.
 Probably a milkshake that smells a fish.
 I imagine everything smells a fish in the ocean.
 But can't they only taste salt?
 Ooh, yeah.
 I think it's right.
 Yeah, I think that is true.
 They lost all their other taste buds.
 They lost the sense of smell.
 They used to have it when they were on land and then obviously in water, you don't need
 to smell the air.
 And then the nostrils moved above their head to become the blowhole.
 I just...
 I want to know about the middle of that process, when the nostrils were moving north.
 Yeah.
 If you want to have a lesson stage where they had the nostrils in there for you.
 Yeah.
 The unicorn look.
 Yeah.
 It's bizarre, isn't it?
 It's so bizarre.
 You know, dolphins' grandmother sometimes feed them.
 So, and they employ wet nurses, I think?
 It's underwater.
 They're all wet nurses.
 [laughter]
 There's a theory that the male dolphins can tell when female dolphins are pregnant because
 they take...
 We know they take especially interest in females when they're pregnant.
 And there's a theory that's because they have care for the seed to use ulcer sound so
 that they can do ulcer sound without having to make an appointment at a sonogram.
 What, so do they see them and go, "Oh, it's a boy."
 [laughter]
 They don't tell me.
 Try not to look.
 I feel like we quite, in Dolphin Eska, that we quite rude actually to look at someone
 else's--
 Don't look at my wife's stomach.
 Yeah.
 It's like having extra specs all the time.
 Yeah.
 Imagine taking a wife to the ulcer sound and it's just a dolphin.
 Yeah.
 Be like, "Oh, great.
 We're in good hands."
 [laughter]
 Except they're not, because we have this impression that dolphins are really nice.
 But some dolphins, some male bottom those dolphins, kill newborn calves, which is not nice.
 Why do they do that?
 They do it.
 It's really grim actually.
 They do it because it frees up the females for mating.
 Because if a female has a newborn calf, she will be looking after the calf for some years.
 She won't be interested in having any more offspring.
 Whereas if the males have killed off the calf then within a few months she might be ready
 to mate again.
 I don't know if we would know this, but did they have to do it sort of behind while the
 mother's away on a trip?
 No.
 The mother's on a trip.
 On a holiday.
 Well, baby settings go on.
 Yeah, presumably.
 They just kind of mob the mother, and so the mother will try to protect her calf and
 often will succeed in protecting her calf from the males and get away with them.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 And then the mother's fine just to mate with that dolphin again.
 They get over it, don't they?
 Pretty fast in the animal world.
 Yeah.
 They've got to procreate in a much time.
 It's not a healthy family situation.
 Yeah.
 It's not.
 Actually, I think bottlenose dolphins might be the bastards of the dolphin world, because
 actually this initial fact was about bottlenose and spotted dolphins looking out for each other's
 children, but the only instance they found is of spotted dolphins looking out to bottlenose
 dolphins children, not the other way round.
 And actually, there's quite a lot of instances as well as them cooperating with each other's
 species wise.
 Bottlenose dolphins will just force their way into a group of spotted dolphins and start
 shagging the women in them, and there's nothing that the spotted can do because they're
 half the size.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So, actually, they're kind of bullies.
 But bottlenose bullies.
 There's evidence in marine research centres that kind of manage large areas of water with
 lots of species in that when dolphins get bored of all the human toys and things that they
 use baby sharks as volleyballs, which is definitely bullying.
 Well, that's how dolphins kill baby dolphin calves, is they toss them out of the water, or
 they will hold them under the water, because dolphins need to come up for it.
 How have you guys heard of a dolphin?
 It's a whale dolphin, half whale, half dolphin.
 It's amazing.
 How big is it?
 Is it a massive dolphin?
 It was in between the size of the two, because it was a pulse killer whale there.
 I think that's slightly smaller than killer whales.
 It must be so bad for it, though, it's so awkward, like, who do you hang out with?
 You're way too small for the whales, and you're way too big for the dolphins.
 So let's sell it to Pixar.
 Sell it to Pixar, all right?
 It's time for our final fact of the show, and that's my fact.
 My fact this week is that Sylvester Stallone's mum is a bum-reader.
 It's a bit harsh.
 That's no way to squeak of that.
 This is something she is very proud of out, according to her website, which she has taken
 down, and we had to search very hard to verify.
 This is the kind of fact you get when James Hawking is away for a week in a podcast.
 This is what slips through the net.
 I know.
 This is my only chance.
 This is called "Rumpology."
 Why didn't they call it Astrology?
 Oh!
 Nice.
 Yeah.
 Okay, so for anyone who hasn't heard of "Rumpology" or Astrology, the newly coined...
 If it did, those people exist.
 Surely everyone's familiar with the art.
 What they do is, "Rumpologists look at people's bums, and they make predictions off the
 back of the creases, off the back of any interesting...
 How many creases are there?
 There's one.
 Do you have...
 Do you have to spread?
 Like, how much detail is this?
 Well, depends how much...
 How far into the future you want to see.
 The future is very dark.
 But yeah, so I was reading about this.
 I actually found out about this because I was emailing an author called David Bramwell,
 who wrote an incredible book called "Number 9 Bus" to Utopia.
 And he's also the maker of a podcast in a live show called "The Auditorium."
 And so he puts on these nights, and he had a "Rumpologist" speak at one of his events,
 and I thought, "What the hell's a "Rumpologist"?
 Google it, found out that Jackie Stallone, Sylvester Stallone's mum, has done it.
 And she's done it to the point where, even on her website, again,
 this is quite hard to verify because it's been taken down.
 But suggestions, sort of little echoes of a past website through reading on Reddit
 and so on suggested.
 That she used to charge $600, and you would send a printed copy of your bum to her,
 and she would read your bum digitally, as it were.
 I love the printed copy of your bum.
 But how does one print one's bum?
 Well, now with 3D printing, you probably can print your bum.
 You probably can.
 Oh, I think that was the perfect excuse for all the office parties,
 whenever someone was called sitting on the copy machine.
 No, no, I want to know about my business prospect for the next year.
 But according to Wikipedia, Jackie Stallone has claimed to predict the outcome
 of presidential elections and the Oscar winners by reading the bottoms of her two pet doberman pensors.
 So it doesn't need to work on animals as well?
 Yeah, she's reading animal bumps and bumps.
 And it doesn't seem it doesn't, so it's one thing to send your picture of your own bum
 and get your own future.
 But for some reason, these two dogs have the future presidential elections in them instead.
 Sometimes it's just born lucky.
 Like what are the odds of her having those dogs as well?
 Yeah, amazing.
 Yeah, Dan, you briefly read out from the Wikipedia on Rumpology just there,
 which is surprisingly restrained, actually,
 and what it says about this ancient art.
 But I did want to read out one paragraph from it.
 The American astrologer, Jackie Stallone, claims that Rumpology is known to have been practiced
 in ancient times by the Babylonians, the Indians, and the ancient Greeks and Romans,
 although she provides no evidence for this claim.
 Stallone has been largely responsible for the supposed, quote marks,
 revival of Rumpology in modern times.
 It's the most skeptical paragraph I've ever had about anything.
 I do know it's going in and out of folk as well.
 Yeah.
 I don't even know the ancient Romans would have been in that time or there.
 Just to clarify how you print a bum, because I just feel like people are going to have been wondering.
 Yeah.
 And she does tell you, did you see what she said you can do?
 No.
 You can henna your bum, and then you sit on a piece of papyrus.
 She says, because I guess she's trying to enhance the ancient origins of this factor.
 So you sit your hen at newly wet henna darts on a bit of papyrus,
 and then you blow it dry or whatever, and send that off to her.
 And she can read the imprints, just doesn't even need the physical part.
 That is fantastic.
 It's like potato prints, but with your arms.
 It's very skilled of her not to need the original bum, but it's amazing.
 Isn't it incredible?
 Yeah.
 I guess that's what you pay us $600 for, don't you?
 Where do you get papyrus these days?
 Is that written, is that in Rhymens?
 Is that readily available?
 Yeah, you're right.
 It's hard.
 It's next to the ATGSN.
 It's an papyrus.
 Papyrus is really good, though.
 I mean, it lasts a lot longer than our paper.
 That means all the paper from our time of this current bit of history is going to go, except
 for these bits of papyrus that just have arse prints on them.
 Little is known of the civilization of the early 21st century.
 But they accurately predicted every single thing that has come to pass.
 So here's the thing.
 The ancient Babylonians also believed that you could predict the future.
 And they believed it was by the liver.
 That was the part of the body they thought was really significant.
 But how do you know which bit of the liver means what?
 They had a model liver.
 So you would kill a sheep, get out, get a special priest, get the liver out, and he had a special
 wooden liver.
 Or there were even some special bronze livers.
 And it says, look, if this bit is discolored this way, then you're alcoholic, and then you're
 okay.
 Yeah.
 It's hepatology.
 No.
 Sorry.
 Not hepatology.
 I'm sorry.
 That is the medical study of the liver.
 It's not a hepatology.
 I think that's going to be the thing that gets most feedback.
 Yeah, right.
 And I'm not getting liver surgery in the next 10 years.
 I'm going to correct it right now.
 It's hepatoscopy.
 And it's a branch of haruspacy, which was the Babylonian Etruscan study of various organs
 which spelt out your future in some way.
 But yeah, it was really popular, wasn't it?
 A common way of telling the future.
 And in fact, an very famous example of haruspacy was in Caesar, Julia Caesar.
 So do you know the way the I'd of March was predicted was because of this practice, the
 beware of the I'd of March, a famous see that Julia Caesar was told to do.
 And he was told this by a haruspacist who is someone who looks at the entrails of animals
 to tell the future.
 So I think it was the entrails of a sheep, which informed the haruspacist that to tell
 Caesar to beware the I'd of March.
 And that was recorded by I think Suetonius.
 So here's the things, Isaac Newton himself did a lot of future predicting.
 Yes.
 And he was very interested in learning about the nature of God.
 It's so contrary to the modern image of him.
 He devised a chronology of all the great events before his life.
 And then he did a chronology of the future as well.
 So he predicted a thing called the tribulation of the Jews and he predicted a thousand years
 of peace are going to begin in 2370.
 And part of it was based on the life cycle of the locust.
 I mean, it was seriously out there, but that's also quite scientific in a way.
 The idea of taking a load of dates and trying to find trends based on kind of things that
 happen.
 No, that's the kind of thing that conspiracy theorists do.
 It's not scientific.
 It's taking a load of data and making it find the trends that you want it to find, I think,
 or find.
 There is not finding evidence to making future predictions on say, you know, what's going
 to happen with climate change?
 We're going to be based on past data.
 Definitely.
 But that is science also.
 There's good ways and bad ways to do it.
 But it's two sides of the same coin.
 Yeah.
 I was reading about one of Thailand's leading fortune tellers, whose name is Luck Rakanethes
 and he says that the fact that his name is Luck, which means Luck in English is complete
 coincidence.
 There was an interview with him recently where he runs this system now, which is not
 like a cool center where people just literally ring in and they get their horoscopes or they
 get told what lottery numbers to chew or whatever.
 He's a multi-multimillionaire, so hundreds of thousands of people call him every month.
 And the way he did it was, he just memorized a bunch of astrology books when he was a child
 and then regurgitates it.
 But he spoke to Channel 4, I think, in the last couple of years.
 And Channel 4 asked him how he finds it, just reading people's futures and telling them
 what's going to happen to them.
 And he said, I want to change my life.
 I'm not kidding.
 I'm so bored of going places with people shouting, teacher, look at my palm, tell me my fortune.
 He's basically completely, well, I don't think he ever believed it.
 But he's now gone.
 These people are all idiots who are asking me what's going to happen to them.
 And he acknowledges, there's no point in asking me if you're going to get rich.
 You need to get rich using your own brains.
 I can't tell you what's going to happen to you.
 You actually have to just go out there and make it happen for yourself.
 You should sell that device over the phone to people.
 Yeah.
 Perhaps he is, yeah.
 I don't think he made much money.
 Press one for an angry rant.
 Press two.
 [laughs]
 [music]
 Okay, that's it.
 That's all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you would like to get in contact with any of us about things that we have said over
 the course of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on Shriberland, Andy at Andrew Hunter M, Alex at AlexBow Underschool, and Shazinski.
 You can email podcasts.qi.com.
 Yep.
 Or you can go to @qipodcast, that's our group account.
 Or you can go to nosuchthingasaffish.com, where we have all of our previous episodes.
 We'll see you again next week.
 Goodbye.
 [music]
