 Hi everyone, welcome to this week's episode of no such thing as a fish before we get going
 I have some news and that is that we are going to do some live shows now
 This news will not be news to those of you who are members of club fish because you have already had your priority
 Bucking time, but to everyone else the tickets will be available on Friday the 12th of May at 2 p.m
 UK time that is today if you're listening to the show the day it goes out or it's a Friday in the past
 If you're not so the tickets are very likely to be available right now
 And the way you get those is to go to no such thing as a fish dot com forward slash soho
 The shows will be at the Soho theater in London
 They take place from the 17th of July to the 21st of August
 It's gonna be a whole lot of fun loads of facts loads of dorkiness loads of special special guests
 And as I said if you want tickets for that you can go to no such thing as a fish dot com forward slash soho
 If you're thinking it's in London, I can't get to there
 I live all the way in Belgium then fear not because we also will be doing one show in Belgium at the nerd land
 Festival that will be with our old friend leaving Skyra, and that will take place
 Zondag
 the 28th of May
 Which luckily I mean my I assume that's Flemish
 It's not that good, but luckily my diary tells me it will be on Sunday the 28th of May and tickets for that are available at
 Nerdland festival dot be so hope to see lots of you at some of those gigs
 But as far as today's podcast is concerned
 It is a live show and it was one that we did at the British library with the incredible
 comedy actor and genius that is Sally Phillips. We did this show for the
 Fantastic Beasts exhibition at the British library. They wanted us to do a show all about animals and
 I'll be honest. We stretched that a fair bit from time to time, but we had so much fun
 I really hope you enjoy this show. I'm sure you will and I guess what else is there to say apart from on with a podcast
 Hello and welcome to another episode of no such thing as a fish a weekly podcast this week coming to you live from the British library
 My name is Dan Shriver
 I am sitting here with James Harkin Andrew Hunter Murray and Sally Phillips and once again
 We yes and once again
 We have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts from the last seven days and in no particular order here
 We go starting with fact number one and that is my fact
 My fact this week is that the British library's fantastic beasts collection
 Originally included accounts of a nine-foot dragon terrorizing Essex
 And an army of horses that teleported to rural Wales
 And it was donated by the founder of the British Museum, Sir Han Sloan. Wow. So he was a nutcase
 So here's the thing right he's a Han Sloan if you don't know who he is
 He was one of the founders of the British Museum an incredible guy
 He was a doctor and at the top of being a doctor. He was obsessed with collecting he collected everything
 And that's what became the basis of the British Museum's collection. He was a hoarder. He was a hoarder. Yeah
 I mean he was a serious hoarder. He had he had like a separate apartment to hoard in because it got too much in his own
 Yeah, and how did he die? Did it all collapse on him exactly a museum pillar took him out?
 No, he he was quite old. I think when he died. I think he was in his 90s 93
 Is this the bringer of chocolate the man? I know is the bringer of the hot chocolate
 Controversial
 He was and I think I think it's been claimed that
 That was something he nicked. It was ready in place. Yeah, I think he was in Jamaica, maybe
 Yeah, okay, and then it was a practice they sort of a grated cocoa with milk and cinnamon and stuff
 But I think sorry to shit on him in his own home
 Teleporting horses better anyway, it's way better, isn't it? Yeah
 So this is what I was about to say was is all the collections that got handed over after he passed away in his will to be the
 Basis of the British Museum's collection
 Eventually became the British Library's collection as well and there was lots of papers
 There's lots of physical objects and a part of it was a collection of things called strange news
 He was obsessed with strange news stories that would come out from France and Scotland and Wales of odd things that you know like
 Well like dragons
 Appearing horses and it was the artifact version of no such thing as a fish. Yes. Well. He's the yeah
 He's the old me I guess
 You have fewer links to the slave trade we should say dad
 Yeah, so this this big dragon that arrived in Essex
 It was in a place called Hennem, which is just north of Stanstead. It's about two miles north of Stanstead
 And so what I like to imagine is actually there was like a time-travel portal that came in and it was actually an easy jet flight
 Maybe I don't know but there's loads of other things that he he claimed and the thing is he went out to collect things from around the
 World but the reason he did that is because he thought it would help people to better understand God's design of the world and
 So when he was finding this strange news a lot of things he didn't believe in but there were some things that he did
 So he found a story from France where fist-sized
 Hailstones came down and kind of battered everything and hurt a lot of people and killed a lot of crops
 But the only thing that was saved was a Protestant church
 Yeah, I thought that this was proof that you know God was saving them. Yeah, this this one's amazing
 There was a story this is from Scotland
 There was a guy who died and he was in his home. They would laid him to in state is in state. What is it when you lay someone?
 Sure. Yeah, sure. So he's laid in the house. He's in a coffin for people to come and see like an open coffin like a way
 Yeah, yeah, it's state is pretty fancy. It's pretty Queen ish, isn't it? Yeah
 Yeah, you just said this guy was this
 How long was the queue is what?
 It was just a guy and
 It was a town of Dumfries. Okay. Yeah. So apparently
 People went to visit him and then it came the time where okay
 Let's bury him now and they tried to lift him and no one could lift him
 He was really heavy. They just they tried everything so they brought cattle in and they tied ropes around him and tried to pull him
 And he didn't move and then the house burnt down and he remained as the only thing that was still there
 He's like Arthur's sword in the stone. He's he's the guy in the house the corpse in the house
 Sorry, so he he collected this story if you didn't collect the guy
 No, you can't collect the guy is the point of the story
 So he had straight with these kept in diary form or like what kind of evidence were they these were like weird pamphlets
 That used to get produced and so people would go and buy them on the street
 And it would just say strange news from Scotland. So he's 1660s. Yeah. Yes. He was really early. Oh, yeah
 Yeah, yeah, we should we should say that I know we don't we don't need to say none of the stuff is true that we're
 described as in we keep we keep saying apparently
 Describing things which people thought it was some people thought it was. Yeah, that's true
 I'm just saying if in like 400 years they're discussing a copy of the Daily Star and saying apparently there was a there is an infinitely heavy man
 I think I remember that headline
 I did I actually weirdly I found a star headline in the course of because I was researching animals which are not proven to exist
 Yes, and there was a headline in the Daily Star in 2008 Loch Ness monster dies aged three million
 Oh
 Global warming very sad. Yeah. Yeah, it's interesting the whole thing of fictional fictional creatures cryptids
 I did Italian Dante. There were a lot of fictional creatures the phoenixes in in Dante at only incense and cardamom pods
 In heaven cardamom pods. What's that? It's that bit of a curry that you see and you're like, oh
 They've left it in. Oh, wow. No, it's the thing in the in the in the jazz version of a cinnamon bun, right?
 Yeah, there were three types of phoenixes three types of yeti's
 Yeah, you found a yeti that i've never heard of which is what was it called? It was yeah, there's three types
 The nyelmo which is black has black fur and is the largest in the fetus
 Which is 15 foot tall the tuti which is eight feet tall and lives eight thousand to ten thousand feet above sea level
 And the rangshin bombo
 Which is only three to five feet tall and I think must have been just the mistaken
 It's an orangutan or some kind of a boon. Yeah, the first one sounds like a gorilla rangshin bombo. Yeah, it does it does a bit
 Yeah, yeah, the first one you described because it's black fur quite tall
 Yeah, it's interesting the the abominable snowman. I mean they had some fur didn't they they kept they various times over history
 They would analyze the dna of yeah, and occasionally find it to be a horse or yeah or
 Or a bear or a they now think it is a kind of bear hybrid thing, don't they?
 How do they I think say that's interesting. Yeah. Also, um, I I've studied this a lot actually Sally
 And um, I'm trying to find the thing you haven't studied a lot
 I that's everything else
 I can't believe we've hit on the one thing I've studied
 This is the dream come true, but um brine blessed who is a very um yeti
 It is
 That's what he would say he would go for the yeti looking for the yeti and then the locals that he would meet in the himalayas would say
 Oh, it's a yeti and he realized that all the stories are him
 I read about uh quite recently in Nepal they had like these um
 I think they were models or badges or some kind of publicity of the of the yeti
 And they sent them out and then all the locals were like well the yeti looks nothing like that
 What are you doing because you didn't have any fur on and the guy who did it said well
 No one knows what it looks like anyway. So that's one thing and number two fur is actually really difficult to draw
 So king kong for example, yeah, not a cryptid. I know a fictional
 Character character. Yeah a crowbar is what you know, we're talking about large hairy. Okay. Yeah
 Fellas and king kong is is all of these three things. Um, but king kong was originally based on a lizard
 Was it? Oh godzilla. No, I think godzilla's a bit later king kong was based on the komodo dragon
 Really? Yeah, there was a so the filmmaker behind king kong was uh, maryon maryon c cooper
 And he was friends with an explorer called william burton who
 Had had got permission to collect some komodo dragons from the dutch east indies as they were then now indonesia and um until
 1910 nobody nobody from the west had seen a komodo dragon. So they were cryptids
 They weren't believed in they had not been cited spotted hunted brought back or no specimens
 And uh, one was brought back by william burton to the usa and in the course of the expedition his wife was nearly
 Eaton by eaten by a komodo dragon. What really and and yeah, she she was she'd finished sort of setting a
 You know a photography, you know, like a photo trap up or something for it
 And was going back and came face to face with one and you know had a lucky escape
 And so that image of this kind of glamorous woman faced with a terrifying beast when william burton brought back the
 sample that he got of a komodo dragon maryon c cooper saw it and thought one of it was a monkey and
 And I mean because gorillas were also new in the usa at the time. How old was how old was his wife?
 Because there is a thing when you sort of hit menopause your your maternal instinct goes really
 Into overdrive and you start wanting to mother beautiful
 Primates and yeah, lots of women get into trouble that way
 Animals and and show business as a marriage made in hell
 We had an animal agent who came on to smack the pony quite a lot
 Jackie she had quite a lot of represented a lot of animals that would come occasionally with need
 And she had a vietnamese potbellied pig on her business card. I went. Oh, he's so cute
 You know perimenopause starting so cute
 And um, do you still have him sure? No, he won't bring in any work. So we hurt him
 Wow
 I hope she said that in ear shots of all the other animals
 You better do your job
 Yeah, it was terrible
 Apparently the hardest animals to train are owls. They just don't get it apparently
 So it's really interesting that you think that an owl would be smart. Yeah, no dumb
 I cannot repeat ravens are the dogs of the of the sky penguins are aggressive a bit of a nightmare
 And they have explosive poo. Do you know this?
 Penguins who explodes
 So very difficult to well, no, no, no, no as you mean the poo shoots out. It doesn't they don't lay it and then
 Imagine if dogs did that
 Yeah, every time you've been walking through the park it'll be like walking through world war one, wouldn't it?
 Be like the end of black. Don't take your foot off it. Don't take your foot off it
 Yeah, they have lots of animals obviously playing each part the um, the kestrel in cares was played
 Do you know this you prudy he played by three different kestrels called freeman hardy and willis after
 After the shoe shop, that's amazing. Yeah, I presented the palm dog award for best. Hey my
 The palm dog palm dog. There is you know in can the can film festival. Yeah. Yeah some british journalist
 22 years ago now set up the palm dog rather than the palm door for the best canine performance
 And I was lucky enough
 To present the award with runny and kona to quentin tarantino on behalf of
 The dog in once upon a time in hollywood. Oh, it's played by three three dogs two
 male dogs and
 So the dogs don't get to come to the ceremony or
 Well, they didn't the the dog didn't come to the no
 They found a similar breed and they brought that dog in dog didn't know what was happening. Oh god. They ate the first dog, didn't they?
 Quentin urinated on the carpet
 It was it was fine. But yeah, yeah, so you have you have several and they use different animals
 So he was saying quent my quentin
 quent quenti quent
 tar
 My brother tried to license his image to be on lunchboxes. I don't know why but anyway, well hang on
 But he said they have three different dogs one girl and two boys
 Then on the day he thought the two male dogs were better
 But then turned out the female dog was actually when he got into the edit he realized she was a much better actress
 Sorry, can we get back to your brother? Yeah tried to
 Tried to license quentin tarantino's image famously a man who makes 18 certificate films
 Yes, for lunchboxes
 What was he thinking the market? I I didn't ask it was only like a long time after he told me that that I realized that that was mad
 Tarantino's up there. He's accepting an award as a dog that image of him like the shaguevara tarantino picture
 I think they were putting that on stuff. Oh, okay. Oh, is that a famous picture the shaguevara tarantino?
 Do you know the one I mean that because I don't you okay? So I feel like there's a very sort of known
 I don't know if you remember Dan knows everything about yeti's and nothing about anything else
 Do you know just just going back to mythological creatures a second the um speaking of penguins exploding
 Um poo out their buns. There's a mythological creature called smooth. By the way smooth. Thank you
 There's a thing called the bonacan
 You heard of the bonacan?
 Bonacan's like a it's it's like this beast which is like a half horse
 It's got curved horns and the way that it would if it was being hunted by humans
 The way that it would deter the humans is to fire poisonous shit out of its bum, right?
 But it can it can make a distance and this is what's most impressive about this thing that doesn't exist
 Is it can shoot at three acres
 That's um a unit of area area not distance. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So does he cover the entire like one and a half football pictures?
 I think it does cover three. I've also read about the bonacan. Interestingly, brian blessed told me he could do that
 He could do that when he was on Everest four acres. Yeah
 He said when he said he had a bout of diarrhea on Everest and the poo
 Shot out and it he said his thing he often says is don't camp under the french
 Because the fuckers will shit on you. That's that's his like that's like a t-shirt quote from him
 But again, who's buying these?
 Obscene t-shirts and lunchboxes. Yeah, I need to meet your brother actually
 Um, so anyway the bonacan the bonacan is a is a terrifying creature with three acre
 Poisonous poo shoots and everyone that's depicted trying to hunt it all faces the other way
 Basically facing as as ready to run
 Because they want to escape the fire. Poisonous poo. Yeah, it's like fighting Medusa. Have you come across?
 I'm sure you have the fictitious creatures of lumberjack culture
 No, it sounds amazing. No guys settle in
 There are a number of books called things like fearsome critters about fictional creatures in lumberjack law
 And they're things like
 Well, my favorite one. Let me take my favorite one. There's a splinter cat. It's a regular cat, but with no logic
 Who's an indiscriminate destroyer of hollow trees? Which was their explanation for um
 For lightning strikes, but there is a it was one that was uh, the lumberjack hunter
 That hides behind trees so you can't see it, but um, can only be deterred by loads of alcohol
 The lumberjacks must be drunk
 To keep safe. That's good. That's good logic. We're gonna have to move on. We've we've run way over
 Oh, no, I was reading some stuff by alien
 The roman writer and orator
 What alien alien alien i'm gonna call him alien alien alien alien
 And he's got loads of amazing creatures. He has the buprestis which he believed existed
 Which is a creature which if swallowed by a cow causes the cow to swell and burst
 He had a smooth lobster
 Where if you saw it on the beach and then you marked where it was and you drove it to anywhere in the world
 When you got back to where it was it would be back there. Whoa
 He sure wasn't teleporting
 And he said also that um if a snake is eating something that's a little bit too big for it to swallow
 And it kind of gets it into the mouth and can't go any further
 It'll stand straight on its tail and jiggle itself. So the food will go down into his stomach
 Have you seen those videos of people hunting anacondas? No, no, they put a
 Leather trouser on and stick their entire leg into the snake's hole. Yeah, they get swallowed
 Why would you do that? And then they have a low to catch a snake to I guess eat it
 You're the worm for fishing
 And then they put they haul you out
 And then and then kill the snake and the other thing is so that the snake doesn't digest
 So all the juices doesn't digest the meat and maybe the teeth can't go through it or something
 Yeah, I think that is just there was a guy. Did you see the guy? I I think this is right
 He was attempting to be swallowed by a snake as well. Um, and it was going to be like a world record
 But what's the what?
 I think I'm right in saying this again. This don't even accept, you know, heaviest cat anymore
 I think unfortunately, no, they found an infinitely heavy one in Dumfries today
 But this guy who this was big it was bigger set up. It was like with a like a nat geo kind of thing. Um
 The snake started swallowing on the wrong end. So he went head first
 And he wasn't ready for it. And so they had to pull him out and cancel. Did you not did you not have his big leather hat?
 They do it. I mean they catch fish like that sometimes in America, don't they it's catfish
 And they'll get the cat to grab hold of their fist and then when it's bitten they pull it out. It's called catfisting
 Is it this yeah
 I'd rather be catfished
 It is time for fact number two and that is
 James. Okay. My fact this week is that in real life the very hungry caterpillar would have gone around headbutting his mates
 So these days, you know, all of these children's books are getting rewritten aren't they like
 Charlie of the chocolate factory and whatever and I'm calling for the very hungry caterpillar to be rewritten to be more factually accurate
 Um, because according to the people at florida atlantic university
 Whenever caterpillars get really really hungry and they don't have enough food
 They'll go around looking for other caterpillars and then they'll attack them knock them off where they're eating
 And then they'll go in and eat their leaf. No way. Yeah, and so that's what eric carl really should have been writing about
 It's a tougher. Yeah, they don't eat ice cream. They don't eat lollipops. They don't eat salami
 They tend to only eat one kind of leaf any caterpillar whatever caterpillar you get. This is going to sell big jokes
 On monday, you got him one fight and he ate one of the same kind of leaf that he's going to eat for the rest of the week
 They do occasionally they occasionally get a species which will eat fruit
 So you might get one that would eat an apple
 But it would only eat apple and it would only eat the same apple and it would live inside the apple
 It was eating until it was ready. I actually really enjoy that book
 My partner ian pointed out on the way here that eric carl was conscripted
 Into yeah, he fought on the siegfried line. I think it was so yeah, he was an american born
 Yeah, age 15 who's conscripted and he had to dig the trenches
 In my head. That's a bit like a caterpillar to cat was dig
 That's what gave him the idea
 He was born in Germany the family moved to america really soon or he was he his early years were in america
 Certainly then the family moved back to germany in 1935
 Right when he was about six years old. So at the end of the war he was conscripted to dig trenches and he was fired at
 He was 15 as well. 15 years old. Yeah, and then and then after the war obviously had a horrible time
 His father was in a prison camp and and had an awful time
 Then the family moved he certainly moved back to america
 And then he was conscripted a second time
 To go to to join the u.s. Army and to go back to germany again where he was involved in filling in the holes that he dug
 I actually feel quite bad that i'm shitting on his buck now
 Well, I mean, is it any wonder that the follow-up book was called the very grumpy lady bird
 And there's something called polar bear. What do you hear? I think he read a lot. What do you see?
 What do you hear? Yeah, because yes, it's a great artist and yeah
 Also an amazing scheme off the back of this book because there was an eric carl museum that you can go to in america
 And in the museum
 Everything everything has a hole in it. Oh, sorry. Well, no, not everything's edible. That would be amazing
 Yeah, no every so like if you go to the canteen you buy a cookie and the cookie has a massive hole in it
 Like brilliant
 So this guy is saving so much money in his like there was I remember reading that the new york times when they removed the
 Dot at the end of new york times that little on the headline
 They were saving six hundred dollars a year that little bit of ink cost them so much
 Imagine how much that bit of cookie that's missing is what do they do with those little bits of cookie though?
 Do they they smell they sell they sell their cookies. Yeah
 But imagine how you could ruin that museum by having eric carl's experience of warfare
 Like a room. That's yeah, that's not the good way to go in. Yeah trench digging and trench room
 Yeah, so I went on to his website because there is another problem in this book
 That is that to us the end the caterpillar goes into a cocoon
 And it becomes a butterfly but butterflies don't go into cocoons
 Butterflies go into chrysalises or caterpillars caterpillars butterflies don't go into anything. No, they come from chrysalises. Yeah
 Um, and so some kids have written into him and said well, why have you got a cocoon in your book?
 And he replied saying well, there is a rare genus
 That lives in Siberia, North Korea and the northern islands of japan
 Um called panacean which does pupate in a cocoon
 So he's he was hugely relieved when he found out
 I said that doesn't work the difference. Sorry. What's the difference between a christmas and a cocoon?
 So a cocoon is made out of silk
 Uh, and the chrysalis isn't
 chrysalis is made out of nylon
 But you get quite a lot of moths that make cocoons. Okay, uh another insects, but uh butterflies don't uh, but he did then say actually
 You know caterpillars don't eat lollipops either. This was just a this was it's a special caterpillar
 It's allowed to do what it wants. Yeah, all right. It's a children's book grow up
 And then another kid wrote in saying caterpillars don't have noses
 Oh
 And he said I know it hasn't nose on its face, but this feature grew out of my imagination
 Don't have shoes either caterpillars. I wrote an anecdote about him, which I I'm only bringing it up because I didn't understand it
 So I'm hoping that maybe you guys will um, so he said that his
 He wrote all these books as you were saying where it was sort of like the next kind of so the very busy spider
 The very quiet cricket and in an interview he says that um, he found himself in the changing rooms after swimming
 And a satirical young fan suggested a book entitled the very slow penis
 To the author's great amusement and I can't work out what's funny about that
 What's a slow penis ask your wife
 Does it also have a hole going through it this book?
 Just can't work out where the slow penis is
 Yeah, anyway, there's a slow loris
 Oh
 Well you've you've got this all done thank you had no such thing on twitter if you want to
 Let us know
 He's got their hairs right anyway butterflies and moths. I discovered have nearly 10 billion hairs on them
 10 billion because these scientists have spent over a decade
 Studying the surface area of animals
 The surface area of animals, I mean that's such a funny thing. I think let's say a cat surface area is actually like a ping-pong table
 When you cover your ping-pong table in cat the ball doesn't bounce nearly as well
 The author has the surface area of a professional hockey rink
 Because they've got because they've got
 And a honeybee has the same number of hairs as a squirrel
 Wow
 Yeah, the georgie institute of technology just astonishing
 That's amazing. Yeah, they were running calculations to find the true surface area of animals
 Because they were trying to work out ways of keeping things clean
 So dogs obviously shake or every animal has a different way of keeping clean
 And sometimes the fur helps them to stay clean. Sometimes it doesn't it's where you must never shave a dog
 I'm sure you haven't but don't shave a dog even a really furry one. It's not good for it
 I used to have a challenge to stop it. They don't get a number one
 Yeah, you shouldn't shave your chow chow. Do you have a number one? You shouldn't you shouldn't do that. That's bad
 That's what do this. Well, you told the chow chow needs to go and have a number one
 Did you go down to the hairdressers and say short as you can mate?
 And watch out for the number twos they will explode
 On on the idea of James this whole thing that you have about the uh, the incorrect facts about children's books
 Here's one thing that I this feels like a very qi thing. So I'm sure a lot of people already know this
 I didn't though a lot of kids books when there's a whale
 Let's say a blue whale or any kind of well that's surfacing. There's always this beautiful spout of water that's coming out and there's
 That's yeah, they don't do that. What?
 I feel like I've seen that in real life
 You have oh what go on go on
 Ah the riddler
 Oh
 But his horse was called Thursday. Yeah. Yeah. Now the doctor was his mum
 If you see if you see any kind of thing where it's a whale with a huge like yeah the water coming out spout of water
 That is basically according to experts. That's that's what would happen if a whale is drowning
 Oh, they don't spout water out of their blowhole. That's their nostril. That's their breathing. They don't put water out through
 So when you see they do breathe when you see that the breathing is moist air that's just collected inside and that's what's coming out
 So if you ever see a whale where there's spouts of water is coming down it is drowning
 So what I've seen I've not seen the drowning whale. I've seen like uh, what a vapor whale
 Yeah, exactly. You're seeing water vapor. I hope and it gives that misty kind of look like a castle
 Like a castle. Exactly. But if you see a fountain, that's you go save that whale. Wow. Yeah
 So basically what it means is every drawing of a whale in a child's book. It's dying. It's a dying whale. That's yeah very upsetting
 It is time for fact number three and that is
 Andy my fact is that the false gecko, which has the latin name pseudo gecko
 is a gecko
 There are 10 species of false gecko. They're all geckos
 Not one of them is not a gecko
 And that is just a name. It's just a really really bad name. Yeah
 Couldn't find why they're called false geckos. I think maybe they were found and assumed to be something different. Yeah, yeah
 Yeah, but geckos are wonderful
 Um, there are geckos that don't have legs that look like snakes. I would have thought that would have been the false
 Gecko cool. Yeah. Yeah, there are there are six families of geckos with no legs
 They're all endemic to australia and yugini
 Right, brilliant. They've got the vestigial hind limbs apparently they look a tiny bit like flaps
 Yeah, the yeah that you can see these little bumps that come out but and that yeah means it's a lizard
 Yeah, no eyelids either. No, every gecko has no eye. There are 1500 species of gecko
 And all bar 43 have no eyelids. Yeah, and the you blepharidae, which literally means good eyelids in ancient greek
 They have eyelids
 But even they also lick their eyes like all the other geckos do to moisten them despite having eyelids, right? Oh amazing
 Have you heard of the fuck you lizard? No
 This is this is a lizard which it's it's not its official name. That's not the the scientific name
 But um, it was it was a lizard that uh, when americans were over in vietnam during the war
 They kept noticing that they just they just kept hearing a little voice going fuck you
 and
 They're like who what is going on and they'd be walking up. Fuck you and
 And so they all discovered that it's just this lizard that just makes a noise
 Fuck you and so it became known as yeah the fuck you lizards. Why do we not all have one of those?
 The noises I was surprised that gecko noises so that they bark
 Well, they're the only lizard that makes a noise geckos. Oh, are they? Yeah, that's that because if you think what noises a lizard make
 You wouldn't it was
 But that that sort of it sounds more like a sort of electric buzzer ring doesn't it sally
 Do you think a gecko could ever win the palm dog?
 No
 We covered a few years ago
 I think we come the hero dog of the year and a few years ago it was won by a cat. That's true
 I presented hero dog of the year
 I don't know last year or the year before not this year, but anyway quite recently and this is going to sound a bit mean now
 But one of the finalist dogs
 Okay, this is just my problem. It's a finalist dog and it wasn't a chihuahua, but it was similar. It was very very small
 And um, his owner slash mommy, whatever you prefer to call it said that the dog had saved her partner's life by giving him
 Um, cpr
 That's she's got home and her husband is kissing the dog. That's what's happened there
 The dog was very
 Very small very small
 I don't know why the dog was trained in cpr
 But anyway, it's all a bit of a problem for me having to
 Silence the questions in my brain
 That kept coming. Well, because there's so many stages. You've got to lay the head back a bit
 You just want to go you're shitting me, right? Yeah
 Was that the oh, it was one of the finalists didn't win. Didn't win. Well, who the fuck is a dog?
 It's amazing. There were these water dogs that did open heart surgery
 It's a dog with SpaceX in mission control. Hey animals have done some amazing things
 I don't want to take before we move on from geckos though. Did you know that in january last year
 German hands curt cubus was caught at christ church airport new zealand with 44 geckos concealed in his pants
 Okay, we're doing a small incision and uh, he's just walking through immigration
 Fuck you, fuck you
 There's a massive market in gecko smuggling really
 Because they're diurnal like most geckos are nocturnal right new zealand gecko is is diurnal very very pretty
 And they can go for about $22,000. So this is massive. Sorry diurnal. Oh, I've got is that the wrong word?
 Awaken the day you you're diurnal. Yeah, is that the right word? Yeah
 Don't question yourself sally question. Yeah, I'm sorry
 You'll get you tell me more about yet. He's my ignorance
 Questions dad. Do you want to know a cool? So diurnal awaken the day? Yeah nocturnal awaken night. Yeah for a puscular
 Dusky. Yeah, I know that dawn and dusk. What happened to the terminal bit of the word. Why did they lose that? I don't know
 latin, isn't it
 Speaking of latin. I was reading about alien the roman writer and
 He said
 He said that if a dead gecko lands in your wine, then it's fine
 But okay, if it lands in your olive oil, it will taste terrible and when you eat it, it will immediately give you lice
 Wow
 Right, they've got lots of symbolic
 There's lots of superstition around geckos and lizards, aren't there if you find a lizard tail in your left shoe
 It is very lucky. Do not take it out
 Is that real? That's a real one. That's a good current day one just the tail. Yeah, because obviously their tails come off and they can
 Regrow them. Yeah. Do you know starfish though can regrow?
 If you take its leg off it can regrow a whole starfish from the leg. That's nuts
 Like that's crazy. That's crazy though. What do they have? What do they have?
 They store all the nutrients in the leg until they can grow a mouse
 Does ever brain or intelligence or any kind of thing? I probably doesn't know it's a starfish is the truth
 But they you know they have neurons
 Yeah, can I tell you about a guy called ben bar? He was looking for a particular gecko called the capola gecko
 Which was spotted for the first time in 1968 and then once again in 2007 and that was it
 No specimen had ever been observed or collected apart from those two occasions. No one knew if it was still
 Existing, you know or alive or if it was a teleporting horse
 Exactly. Yeah, and he led three trips to search for it and basically the process of searching for this capola gecko is just a turn over rocks
 He spent two years turning over rocks leaving no stone on turn. He left no stone on turn
 He didn't even know for sure what it looked like
 because
 Not exactly not exactly and no scientist had ever held one in the hand and after two years and three expeditions
 He found one
 He said he was so excited. He said it was very similar to having a baby the euphoria
 And if he bought the movie rice
 It's just lovely. Yeah, and he found four he found four on the same expeditions. I imagine under the same rock, but still
 Yeah, imagine that determination to keep on it's like your um surface area measuring
 Yes, yeah, you do admire it. Yeah, I got addicted to watching conservation
 TV at one point like the presentations of all the
 Scientists because it's all the conservation scientists zoologists. I guess they're called
 because there was it was so funny like the
 Argentinian wolf man
 He had long long hair and it really appeared to be having an affair with the
 British cheetah lady
 And and there was there was this really adorable couple. I think from chili from chile
 Who had been looking for the onion wildcat?
 We spent two and they said we have not ever seen the onion wildcat. They spent five years and they showed all these
 photos of
 Land Rover in different places where they had looked for the onion wildcat
 And not seen it and they were so charming and like oh, well, it's been interesting don't even
 We think there is wildcat. We think this is a wildcat
 Pooh, pooh, whatever they said stool
 And then they went off and then this really arrogant tool american thin american guy came in from the
 Rare wildcat conservation society and he went
 wildcat
 Wildcat, and he just had 50 slides of wildcats
 Yeah, wait were you presenting him with an award? No, I just I was just depressed. I was in bed watching them on youtube
 You know I became very interested in the the women who run sloth sanctuaries
 Oh, yeah, because they seem to have absolutely no zoological training whatsoever
 I know nothing about sloth
 So it's this one woman who goes all the sloth orphanage in Costa Rica
 She's gone on a cruise with her husband and a baby sloth had fallen out of a tree
 And she'd known right then she needed to abandon her life in the States and started sloth orphanage
 Which she did and the problem she has she has to stop them having sex with each other
 She didn't have room for any more and people get
 Bringing them so they were kept strictly segregated and that's a slow penis
 That is a slow penis
 Yes
 That's a slow penis
 But one of them got manged and she just shaved that shaved it and she didn't know whether this is right and she shaved them
 And these days she she didn't shave a sloth. I'm sure and there was a phd student
 And I ended up watching the you know sub documentary series about them and getting absolutely obsessed was a phd student there
 called Becky who
 I think we've mentioned Becky on the podcast
 Like no, she hasn't been I we can get her. No, but I mean
 It was really it was really I think I feel she was northern. I feel she was northern. She was quite lethargic herself
 She said I couldn't decide what to do for my phd
 And I went to see my tutor and I said I can't decide between Jaguar's
 And sloths and he said what about sloths? So here I am and then the cheetah lady went past
 Have you seen the video where a sloth mistaken its own arm for a tree branch?
 And then can't do anything about it because it's so slow. It just falls
 from the tree
 They can be quite fast. They can't they there's the ones that can swim. They swim really fast. If you put them in a fast current
 I think they they leaves that they that's just drugs, isn't it for them that they only eat one
 I did think about writing a film about this sloth sanctuary, which is why and um
 Obviously you can get the sloths out of uh, Costa Rica
 Their agents will never get back to you. That's the problem with the sloth. You can't can't transport them
 I was reading about a woman who runs a hospital for hawaiian monk seals and I read about her. This is amazing. Yeah, amazing
 Yeah, so she um
 She runs this this monk seal place and she was out and she was you know
 Getting lunch or something like that and she gets a missed call and or like she gets a call on her phone
 She picks it up. No one's there. What's going on?
 Um happens nine times while she's out and she's called she's called like the phone people
 She's like is there like anything wrong with the line? It looks all fine
 Gets back to the hospital and she looks and on the phone is a little gecko
 Just pressing its finger on the call button and it's calling her and that was it
 She was getting they've been calling loads of other people as well. Yeah, it called it made a
 The newspaper said a bazillion phones
 That was the official number. Yeah. Wow. Yeah, just a little gecko fee
 Can I do a quick quiz before we move on? Yes, we do need to move. Yes. Um, so this was a weirdly named animal pseudo gecko
 Is it a gecko? Is it not?
 Um, I've got some more like this. So the coffin fish
 Can the coffin fish cough?
 Ah
 There's a quiz or are you tricking us with pronunciation? Does it live? I'd say it does float in a coffin
 It does float. It's coffin fish like a coffin, but can it cough?
 Uh, I'll say no, it can't I don't think fish. Well, you're wrong. Oh
 Um, fish can expel air through their gills if things get stuck in there and we call that coughing
 That's a cough. Um, can the swallow tail butterfly swallow its own tail?
 Yes, no, no, obviously not
 But the only fact I know about it is it has an eye on its penis
 So it can see where it's going crumbs. Really? That is not true. It is true. The swallow tail the swallow tail
 Butterfly, but oh butterfly. Yeah. Oh, yeah, it's fine. It's a butterfly
 You've read the very hungry caterpillar. That's the final
 scene and finally does the bloody nose beetle often have a bloody nose
 I'll say yes, Andy. I've told you insects don't have noses
 Will you please listen? Oh, I fell right into it. No, it expels blood from its mouth
 That's why it's called that spells blood from its mouth
 Um, we're gonna need to move on to our final fact of the show. Can't bear it
 the show or
 Right with you. I feel yeah, I want to talk about the penguin who got a knighthood
 And I want to talk about the welsh corgi. He's got a phd
 Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show and that is sally
 The band the super furry animals
 Do you see what I did there wore yeti costumes for a year and they said it really changed their personalities
 Becoming much harrier changed how they performed. What was the surface area?
 So I don't know much about the super furry animals. Well, you know, to be honest until yesterday
 But the welsh welsh wrong. No, they're worse. They're like the centerpiece of the cool kumri
 You know welsh resurgence with gorky's psychotic minky. I'm gonna say that wrong. That's correct, isn't it?
 You're a super fan. They want you. I am a super furry fan. I love gorky's. I got it monkey as well
 You're wearing a t-shirt. You're wearing a t-shirt right now. Yeah, they are very very cool. They did loads of like
 Yeah, they did loads of crazy stuff. They had lots of like costumes and all that kind of stuff and yeah, they bought a tank
 And drove it into the nationalist steadford
 Wow, they bought it for 10 000 pounds from a one-eyed arm stealer with a limp and then they sold it on to don henley from the eagles
 Really?
 Arms dealing band circuit
 It wasn't the only um contact they had with arms dealers either they
 Because they sampled lots of sounds and they they got some real guns
 What's with the yeti thing? So the yeti thing they um, well, they'd experimented on the the album before they had some
 Snow monsters on stage in glastonbury during the northern lights song. They were members of mogwai. Do you know all of this?
 And unfortunately mogwai had just dropped an e before putting
 The very hot suits on
 And it became quite dangerous
 So they had to have people running around giving them um giving them water
 But they they were really into different kinds of creatures and then they
 They came across a sculptor called peter gray
 who made loads of sculptures out of hair
 And he suggested just making these these yeti costumes for them for a video for the video for golden retriever
 And they they thought this was brilliant and peter gray said i'll tell you where it needs to be you need to shoot this
 On a glacier in iceland next to a giant fire, which all the yetis are worshiping
 But they'd recently signed with sony who said that was an uninsurable concept
 So they did it in a studio in north london and it sort of looks like the yetis are playing inside a cardboard box
 Which is being sniffed at and then urinated on by a dog
 And but it's really really cool. So how did it change the
 Change the personalities. So they said they're none of them exhibitionists really they
 You know, they're quite political and love music very creative and you know, non-conformist and
 and the rest of it
 They released a welsh entirely welsh language lp and then only told it in america and australia
 It went into the top 20
 Yeah, but um, they said that it was like being transformed. They said none of them were exhibitionists in reality
 It's an actual quote, but we were able to put these costumes on and become 70s rock monsters and it drove the audience nuts
 Um, so they they really it's kind of interesting the impact of hair hairiness or hairlessness
 That's incredible power. I think it's a costume. So my my son's fifth birthday was um last year late last year
 And I dressed up as mr. Potato Head and I honestly felt I saw that I saw that or make it
 I bought it from yeah, I bought it online. It's really cool. I saw it. It was it was
 Did it inflate itself? Was it one of those?
 It was like a brown big piece of fabric and then you could stick on the eyes and the ears and stuff like that
 Do you know what it was a hit andy despite you, uh, I'm saying I'm saying it was good
 We've lent it out to multiple parents ever since have you parties? Yeah, we haven't even got it at the moment
 But here's the thing the confidence it gave me because it was
 With the audience of five year olds who would have worshiped you anyway, I know I honestly like really
 Yeah, it really I felt like a superhero. It was amazing. That's interesting
 And I went up because it was school had just started my son was going to a new school
 We knew no one so I went up to all the parents. I would never do that went up to all of them. Hey, what's up?
 You went to school. Not the school gates. This is uh, no, no, this is the party. I missed a potato
 What I'm just trying to say is I don't think it's the hair necessarily
 I think you must know this as an actor when you have a different persona that suddenly comes over you
 There's a weird confidence that makes you a bit unstoppable in a way. I was
 It can go both ways. I'm I'm thinking a very vivid memories of it going the other way. Okay. I mean, I suppose one
 Yes, I do I do know what you mean
 It's weird when you play a bride in a film people on set treat you as if you're getting married
 Even though they know you're actually we all know you're actually you get treated people open doors and they
 Smile at you and go or it's interesting, isn't it? Yeah. Yeah, there is a thing with autistic kids
 Where if you put them in a mask you can not all you can't generalize but lots of people have found that theater can really
 Help people who are very introverted to speak. Well, that's really interesting. Well, interestingly just on topic
 So what they were doing there? They were dressing as yetis. It's not being a furry, but that's a lot of people dress up
 As furries, right? I think we should say what a what a furry is for those
 I mean, yeah, so a furry is someone who feels more comfortable when they're wearing a costume that has been designed where it's an animal
 No, I think a furry is just someone who's a fan of the culture of you know
 Anthropomorphic animals and some of them do like to work. Exactly. Sorry. They're very keen
 They they feel like a bad press and over 60 percent of furries feel that they are bullied
 And get negative people have negative concepts. It's weird things only around 25 of all furries
 owner suit
 Yeah, yeah
 So I don't know how you classify yourself as a furry if you well, I guess you the you go to the cons and you you like
 Like what really in your home clothes? Yeah, yeah, I thought it was all about the suit
 So did I that we're wrong. Maybe you can't afford it but on the point of autism
 There was one of these cons that had an autism panel with furries
 And there was a lady there who said that um, it really helps if you're autistic
 So she said for three days. I am not autistic for three days
 I am a giant anthropomorphic version of the titanic
 And she feels it helps break the ice
 The first furry convention
 The first furry convention was almost all people in normal clothes
 Or in human clothes and you can still see videos of it online. It was in holiday in in california
 And there's basically only one person who dresses up in a costume
 It was a guy called robert hill who came dressed as a giant s and m deer called hilda the bambioid
 Crikey, I know
 Yeah
 And but it's amazing and they chose that place because it's so close to disneyland
 And they thought that everyone who's kind of into anthropomorphic animals would also be into disneyland
 And they went there and they you know does if you go online
 You can see like the history of all these conferences that they've had called conference
 And the first time they had a problem with the hotel was in 1994
 And the problem was the hotel too many too many all all the bathrooms got clogged drains. That was the problem
 That was the only problem. Yeah. Yeah, it was and breakfast buffet was no
 Apparently it was too big the hotel so they couldn't fill it up with just their people
 So there was a load of other people there as well
 And you know, they weren't so understanding and there was lots of complaints
 And then a maid found a costume in a room by a person who had a costume of veteran of the psychotic wars
 And it was a unicorn who carried a big sort of cartoon cherry bomb
 So they they would have like this big sort of black bomb shape like you would have it
 With like the the wick coming out. Yeah, exactly. What is going on? They found this
 The maid found this costume in the room
 Right and they called the bomb squad because there was a bomb in the room
 But a cartoon bomb a cartoon bomb although. What's the best place to hide a bomb?
 I guess so
 The bomb squad didn't see it the right way and they find the hotel for making a prank call
 So when the bomb squad came and they saw it was just cherry bomb
 And there was a unicorn costume next to us
 They're like you're wasting our time and they find them and they never were allowed to go back to that hotel again
 Okay, I don't think anyone's favorite reason to be there
 What what about this guy's just he's just got a costume. It's not his fault. Yeah, I guess they I did
 It did amuse me that quote in the article. We'd probably both read where um, they said most furries
 It's not an erotic thing. It just gets too hot
 The other astonishing fact was that there's 10 000 people in the uk who live as dogs
 Uh
 That's what it said on google living as maybe not living as dogs maybe like
 Dogs have a very broad spectrum of wanting to be
 Referred to you will dress up as dogs or have handlers and
 That seemed to be a different kind of outfit. That seemed to be a kind of it's a lot
 I go for a kind of white unitard with little spots. Right feels like you might have read live on the aisle of dogs
 I go for a walk every day. Yeah. Oh, yeah, you know am I one of your 10 000?
 Just some people would spectrum of dogs though
 Like well, some dogs some dogs live in the house. Some dogs might live in a kennel. Some dogs are pampered house dogs
 There is a bdsm thing of pups being a pup. Yeah. Yeah. I mean you've got you've got you say. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
 I did not know that I said, yeah, you had to cut of course over it rather than rather than to fully endorse
 But you know dogs divide into hound pooch and mutt. Don't they those are the three do they yeah? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
 Those are the three broad categories of dog
 Broad category of dog that you can choose to dress up as
 But like if you see a dog normally you'll know within a second whether it's a hound a pooch or a mutt
 Unless it's a labrador in which case it's just a dog. The lab the labrador is the kind of classic dog
 Does no one else play hound pooch or mutt? No
 Straudnery can you get Andy an introduction to hero dog of the year?
 I think I could qualify I do I do just on dressing up as as animals
 um, so a lot of people who have to dress as animals a lot and not
 Sort of a relaxation for their work are zookeepers. There's a brilliant photo from 2004 of some there's a
 Japanese party of school children. They're all about I'd say four or five years old
 And they are being approached by a life-size rhinoceros which is a pantomime rhinoceros
 With two zookeepers in it front and back
 Which are basically charging the school children the teachers have to get the
 Children away from the rhino. It looks genuinely terrifying
 But is it how realistic is the costume?
 It's pretty good. Is it if I was five?
 I would be very nervous. Yeah, well, I don't think so because I once did a
 I once did a kid's show. I mean a long time ago. I did a kid's show with superkins in fact
 and called Lucy and the dinosaurs and a friend of ours was playing a tyrannosaurus rex
 and uh
 Ben Moore, do you know Ben? Ben Moore was tyrannosaurus rex. He had a big costume and superkins very
 irresponsibly said to the kids. Hey, let's beat up tyrannosaurus rex
 And the stage was stormed with upwards of 55 year olds
 Just kicking the living day lights out ben more who looks, you know, like a early mr. Muscle
 Mr. Muscle's got muscly recently if you notice that but anyway, mr. Muscle used to be
 In the advert but anyway, and ben was just in the recovery position sort of crying shaking
 Well, I've been beaten up in a chicken costume by allen davis on qi. You have yeah. Yeah beaten up by who by allen davis
 Oh, yeah, actually properly. I think he was taken out a lot of frustration from the previous 10 years
 But yeah, I was in a costume and he decided as a joke. I think was this during the show? Are you guys in a hotel room?
 It was for a Christmas special of qi and the thing is because the the kind of slot that you look through is quite small
 And it's a big sort of costume the one that I had and I assume it was the same
 It very easily goes in the wrong place and suddenly you can't see anything. Yeah, and it's boiling hot
 You're sweating and everything and all you can do is go fetal. It's like literally the only thing
 and you did
 On set that were like while filming it was incredibly
 People have to talk you down
 I once got I once got asked if I wanted to be an alien in a film
 The robin orita
 Yeah, I've got the look. No, it was uh, I was playing basically that I would have been playing the beast that sort of landed in a
 In a meteorite and then that's crushed and then but the guy my friend who was casting the film said you will just have to lie
 In a field in a rubber suit for a week
 And and I said no and I regret it now. I bet I wish I'd done it now. What was the movie? I don't know
 So apparently the just going back to furries a second the conventions are a nightmare for exactly the reason
 That you're always saying about uh, that one's too hot. Yeah, everyone's too hot. They can't see anything
 So anyone who's in a costume is just bumping into each other
 You're the article says inevitably you're gonna smack a child in the head because your arms are just you know
 Wapping about you can't see them at the level that you need to sorry got a big tail. Maybe. Oh, yeah
 I was just trying to help I was trying to contribute to the was it was it going that badly?
 By the way, we are gonna have to wrap up
 And we've gone really far over the whole like um, yeah
 Only just started. Can I give you some furry vocab and see if you can guess what they mean?
 Oh, cool. Yeah. Yeah. Um, so what do you think is a furry tan?
 Furry tan f u r i t a n
 Oh a puritan as someone who is like a puritan. It's someone who only wears the costume
 It's a furry fan who is not interested in any sexual content
 That's pretty good
 Um to scratch. Do you know what to scratch means?
 Oh, you can't scratch yourself through the fur. Oh, that's good. What do you do? I don't know
 It's not that but it is to do with scratching
 It's to scratch someone gently often as a friendly gesture or greeting. Just do a little don't do that
 Uh, can you guess what a fur pile is?
 Is that where they all is that like a fun?
 Yeah, bundle they all just yeah a carpet is like a carpet. You would say it has a shag pile. So is it
 Broadly similar. It's pretty much that it's a gathering of fully costume participants who roll around on the floor
 scratching each other
 Scritching got quite sexy all of a sudden
 The other thing is that Andy mentioned tails earlier and there could be an idea in the future that maybe we give
 Maybe give all old people tails for balance for balance. Oh, you're good at this game
 Um, yeah, the idea is you get like these sort of mechanical tails
 And you put them on old people and they can tell if an old person with with their consent and
 And support just stop them falling over is it?
 Yeah, so the the tail can tell when they're about to fall over and it can move itself
 That so it'll give them more balance. It'll stop people from falling over. I think that's brilliant
 Turn over to Dr. Octopus. Yeah
 It's just completely terrifying. I think we should give them gecko feet instead
 Because you don't want to go ground that what are you doing up there?
 That's one of the reasons there's such a trade in geckos apparently is they're being
 Studied for the space program. Did you read that?
 Yeah, because they're feet because they're so feet can stick to anything except
 Teflon
 Oh, gecko feet will stick to absolutely anything at all except dry Teflon. It's all right if it's wet
 But isn't Teflon what we largely use in space though. Yeah, so it's a problem
 No
 Yeah, because the cling ability great use we've made you exactly as good as a gecko and get on to that space station
 Yeah, sorry. Well, they did this experiment where they got a load of geckos and they
 stuck them on stuff and then they euthanized them all
 And then they put them back up and they stayed exactly the same stuck dead as alive. So
 Wow on that note
 Always good to go out on a big laugh
 That is it that is all of our facts
 Thank you so much for listening
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we've said over the course of this podcast
 We can be found on our twitter accounts. I'm on at Shriverland
 Andy at Andrew Hunter m James at James Harkin and Sally. I've just given it up
 I know
 Yeah, but you're on instagram though. I am on instagram. I think I'm sally smack on instagram sally smack. Okay. I smack the pony
 And yeah, we are also on
 Twitter as a group as no such thing or you can email us at podcast at qi.com or go to our website
 No such thing as a fish.com all of our previous episodes are up there. Thank you so much for joining us tonight sally
 Thank you so much for being here so much. It's been awesome. And we'll see everyone. Okay. All right. Yeah
 That's
 Goodbye
 You
 You
 You
 You
 You
 (upbeat music)
