 Hi everyone, welcome to this week's episode of No Sisters Things A Fish, where we were
 joined by the lexicograffal legend that is Susie Dent.
 Now, for people in the UK, Susie needs absolutely no introduction.
 She is a bona fide national treasure as she has been on my TV in my living room every
 tea time for as long as I can remember in her position as Chief Wordsmith on Channel
 Fores countdown, as well of course as eight out of ten Cats does count down the comedy
 show with Jimmy Carr.
 She has done so much other stuff, she's written loads and loads and loads of books, they're
 all fantastic, we have read most of them I would say in the QI office.
 The best thing you can do really about Susie's books is to just go to your book repository
 of choice and ask them for Susie Dent's books because every single one of them is an absolute
 banger and you will find so many facts in there, she has also written some novels, she's
 written one called Guilty by Definition which is out in the bookshops now and there is
 also another one upcoming called Death writ Large which I dare say you will be able
 to get on pre-order.
 Susie is also on tour right now, she is going around the UK telling people loads of facts
 and loads of amazing anecdotes about words, they're going to be absolutely fantastic shows
 I'm certain about it, so if you live in the UK anywhere then just go to the internet and
 search for Susie Dentor and you could go to no3rd.co.uk and o-th-i-r-d.co.uk but I've just
 tried it, if you go to Google search for Susie Dentor you will find information there.
 One more thing to say of course is to remind you about clubfish go to patreon.com/clubfish to
 find out more about that, in the plenty more fish tier you can hear more from Susie in our
 extra long episode but there's so much more stuff on there, I'm not going to go into it
 all now, we've said it enough times, there is stuff for free there, there is stuff for paid,
 it's supporting the podcast, we appreciate if you do it, we understand if you don't, don't
 worry about it, the podcast as we always say will always be free.
 And speaking of said free podcast it's time to get on with it, so no more to say apart
 from on with the podcast.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of no such thing as a fish, a weekly podcast coming
 to you from the QI offices in Hober and my name is Dan Schreiber, I'm sitting here with
 Andrew Hunter Murray, James Harkin and Susie Dent and once again we have gathered around
 the microphones with our four favourite facts from the last seven days and in no particular
 order here we go.
 Starting with fact number one and that is Susie.
 My fact is that the original Todd in the phrase on your Todd died on his Todd.
 So this was James Foreman Sloan but Todd Hunter was his middle name and the Todd bit was
 a bit of a cruel nickname that his father had given him because he was extremely small and
 he was originally called Toad by his father and he was a jockey because of a small stature
 that was the one thing they was hugely successful at and he was the toast of society in the
 US he was incredibly successful jockey and then he actually came over to England, he wrote
 for the Kings, he wrote the Kings horses but then he was accused of inside a bettering
 which he was later exonerated but he was effectively cancelled in today's terms and he wrote
 a kind of autobiography which talked about him basically being on his own but he did
 very much died as sad death from cirrhosis of the liver in fact.
 He was, it wasn't just a celebrity jockey for the fact that he was great at his sport.
 He was quite a socialite as well wasn't he?
 Yes, he sort of was all over at parties, he was hanging out with the rich and famous.
 He did a pretty special thing which is that he opened a bar in France, it was called New
 York Bar and he basically bought an existing bar that was in New York, put it in boxes
 and he opened it up in Paris and it became Harry's bar which is the famous bar which
 erred is hemming where he used to go to, he inflemming has James Bond visits in one of the novels
 like it's an iconic bar during World War One, yeah I mean yeah, we all know Harry, yeah.
 So he was a great jockey, I'm more interested in the horse race inside of it.
 He said that his biggest trick in horse racing was that he would whisper in the ear of his
 horses and ask them to run faster.
 Is that the inside of betting or?
 It was rumored that he would give in his horse some substances that makes him run faster.
 In the ear?
 Not in the ear.
 Sorry, got it.
 Usually it happened up the boat.
 He was pretty close to them because he pioneered the monkey crouch position, didn't he?
 Yes, that was an amazing thing so he would sort of crouch on his horse and ride it and
 when he first came to Europe everyone took the make-up and they were like, oh what are you
 doing?
 You look like an idiot.
 What were people doing before that?
 Sitting on the horse mate?
 Like a...
 Yeah, I think.
 And what's he doing?
 He's doing it.
 Think of the classic position in jockey racing where they're leaning on the front of the
 horse.
 They're sort of crouching forward.
 They're on the neck, yeah.
 Imagine if you're cycling in the Tour de France, you might be crashed.
 Okay, okay, I'm on it.
 Pretty stunning to have had a new way of riding on a horse.
 It's like, yeah.
 I think humans would be doing that 8,000 years, but I think I can improve it.
 I think to be fair, I think he popularised it as opposed to being the very first person
 to do it.
 So sure, people were testing it out, but they didn't expect the Todd Sloan to suddenly
 be monkey crouching everywhere.
 He was in movies as well.
 Let's see.
 Yeah, he was an early Hollywood star.
 How was your life?
 So this was in the 1930s that you could be making in the movies, and he was in a movie called
 Painting the Town in which he plays a jockey called Todd Sloan.
 Then he was in a movie called Madison Square Garden in which he plays a jockey called Todd
 Sloan.
 Then he was in a movie called When Romance Rides, I'll give you a clue from the plot.
 Lucy Bostel, daughter of a Colorado ranch owner, is led by a dog to his master, Lin Sloan.
 Now, what do you think he was called in that movie?
 James.
 Holly.
 Yeah.
 I do not have the name.
 Abraegers.
 And he was in that movie with another actor called Frank Hayes.
 Does that name ring any bells?
 I'll leave you guys.
 Do you remember here in 1923, there was a jockey who died?
 He died halfway through the race.
 Yeah.
 And won the race while dead.
 No.
 No.
 It's a different Frank Hayes.
 But who also died in 1923?
 What is going on?
 What is going on?
 You two are murder mystery writers.
 What's going on?
 Two Frank Hayes died?
 This is bad plastic.
 I'm going to say it.
 Yeah.
 Inclose love.
 Inclose love.
 So Todd Sloan is an example of rhyming slang, right?
 Yes.
 I'm on my Todd.
 Todd Sloan.
 On your own.
 Yes.
 Sorry.
 I should.
 It's very interesting.
 Because I'm very interested in it.
 Because you read about rhyming slang and then it sounds like it's people say, oh, it's thieves
 language from the 19th century.
 But I don't understand how thieves would gain an advantage and you know, it'd help them
 avoid the police or whatever.
 I don't understand how saying use your loaf instead of use your head like a bread head.
 It's not like he escapes up the apples and pears and police are actually locking for
 the green gross.
 Yeah.
 It's going to be near somewhere.
 Exactly.
 It's a bit of a murky.
 The best theory that I know is that actually it originated amongst the costumongers of London
 who sold costards, which were these sort of sour apples, so they're called costumongers.
 And they would want to talk about their deals in a coded shorthand that other people couldn't
 understand.
 But it was also banter, you know, it had this sort of playful element to it.
 Exactly.
 So these guys would be the worst possible people to use different words for apples and
 pears, wouldn't they?
 Exactly.
 Yes, you're right.
 But they do draw, they're quite a lot of them do draw on those kind of basics and a food
 stuff.
 They sold at the market.
 I'm so sorry.
 We talked about butchers slang.
 Yes.
 They still use, don't they?
 Yes.
 They say Latin anyway.
 Yes.
 And they say words backwards.
 Yes.
 Oh, in Australia.
 Yeah.
 I spoke to a couple of butchers and they literally would be sent home to learn stuff for the next
 day.
 And they talked about their customers, they would, yeah, it was, I loved it.
 Do you know that?
 It was a very deliberate short one.
 We talked about this on the show.
 I don't think you were on that episode, is he?
 And I think I got it from you because you wrote this extraordinary book, which is all about
 the current day slang that's being used by every different kind of group of the show.
 All the short hands.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Who had the most?
 Butchers were great.
 Free masons, as you would expect, had quite a few birders, had loads, paramedics.
 I mean, we all have them.
 Only we're not tuning into other peoples because we're so busy lobbing our own at, you know,
 at others.
 I mean, cyclists.
 Honestly, it would be very hard to say you had the most, but it might well be butchers in
 terms of sort of keeping it going as a deliberate sort of tribal thing where you exclude others.
 I'm paramedics, I suppose, it's useful if you're trying not to say this person's, your
 arms come off.
 They need to say to their colleague because this person's arm has come off.
 Yes.
 But without alarming the patient.
 Yes.
 And they also group of paramedics told me the, which she would have heard, but whenever they
 were being told off by their bosses, they would just say, "Hey, there we are, then."
 And there we are, then, is an acronym for exactly what they thought of the person telling
 them.
 I'll be using that.
 There we are, then.
 There we are, then.
 But it's interesting you're talking about Todd being a socialite because so was Gordon
 Bennett, who was the son of a newspaper magnate, and he was a huge socialite, and that was
 why his name really stuck in the imagination.
 And plus it's a handy sidestep for, you know.
 He was big.
 Gorg Limey.
 Yeah.
 He sent, I believe he sent Stanley out to find Livingston, who was Gordon Bennett.
 Yes.
 And so many people just don't know that name.
 Yes.
 They just think it's an exclamation.
 Yes.
 He was.
 There was a Gordon Bennett.
 Yeah.
 It was a Jack the Lad.
 There was a small Alec.
 The Mickey Bliss, who gave us, taking the Mickey, taking the Mickey Bliss piss.
 What's your uncle?
 Uh, what's your uncle?
 Was Robert Balfour, who gave his nephew a job in government, even though he wasn't remotely
 suited for it.
 Uh, I was looking up Jimmy Riddle.
 I wondered where that.
 Yes.
 Jimmy Riddle.
 Yeah.
 I haven't heard that as a phrase.
 A Piddle.
 And for Jimmy Riddle.
 Yes.
 Okay.
 I don't know if this is the origins of it, but I looked in the newspaper archives for the
 earliest mention, uh, and in 1866, there was an American song called Jimmy Riddle.
 So it was come union men, one and all, and learn how to fiddle will vote all day and single
 night for God old Jimmy Riddle.
 And it looks like it was related to James Buchanan, the president, because the rest of the song
 it's about Martin Van Buren and slavery and all this kind of stuff.
 So it seems, I think that it might be from this, from James Buchanan, but I'm not
 a lexicon.
 I'll prove that these are true or false.
 It's, it's so hard.
 And often people think, um, particularly with the Oxford English Dictionary that, that
 a word's journey is complete and it's locked in, but that's absolutely not the case.
 So we're always finding new evidence.
 Are you as one of the leading UK people in this area?
 Are you someone that, if a new bit of info is found, they sort of come to you subtly
 before it gets released to the public?
 Uh, inside.
 Sometimes I do, but honestly, there are, there are brilliant people out there who are doing
 the, you know, the detective work.
 So there was one lovely discovery, I'm sorry, maybe 10 years ago now, of hot dog and where
 that came from and that was from students that, um, Harvard, who generally were eating from
 pretty dodgy fans and generally thought that they were eating dog.
 Um, and so we were able to kind of date that, so it's things like that which are wonderful.
 But when you say the, the leading, you know, let's go, I'm the only one people, people
 know.
 Yeah.
 I always feel such an imposter there.
 There are brilliant people.
 No, you're on your top.
 I'm on my top.
 Yeah.
 What talk?
 But I would, I would have thought hot dog was, um, 'cause sausage dog, 'cause you get
 a sausage dog and then you're eating a sausage.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 How interesting.
 Yes.
 No, it was a poor joke at bad meat.
 I have a question, Susie.
 Yes.
 Is there a word for things?
 Oh.
 Yeah, also get people coming up to you saying, I'm not going to do words to you.
 No, no.
 Yes.
 Is there a word for things that you think are named the way they are for an ostensibly
 obvious reason.
 But actually they're named after a person who's got an amusingly apt name.
 So for example, that you will know is side burns, which was named after burn side, but
 you think it was the side of the face, right?
 Yes.
 That's why it was flipped.
 Right.
 Because you've got the side people for these were your burns.
 I'm working on a short book of 1,000 of these.
 Wow.
 Okay.
 1,000 and 1.
 10,000 and 1.
 10,000 and 1.
 I'm really happy to get to it.
 He's got the one.
 A couple.
 So for example, you guys haven't heard this one yet.
 Oh, yeah.
 I've been doing, I've been torturing these two with these for a really long time.
 A long time Susie.
 Recently, I found out about a New Zealand coffee company which is called All Press Espresso.
 It's named after the co-creator Michael Allpress.
 Yeah.
 Oh.
 Oh.
 Or French Park in Ireland, which is named after the French family.
 The Oberlin Ohio, there's a place called the Carpool, which is named after Robert Carr.
 Okay.
 It was the president of the college.
 Do you remember those at Tarlan America called Snowflake that was named after Mr. Snow
 and Mr. Flake?
 Exactly.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Is that kind of thing?
 Is there a word?
 There is a word to this.
 I don't know if there is.
 I think you need to invent one.
 Thank you.
 And that can be the title of your book.
 Yeah.
 Well, at the moment, it's called the Book of 1,000 and one of things that you think are named
 the reason they are for an obvious reason, but actually they're named after someone with
 an interestingly apt name.
 Yeah.
 But the editorial phase might winner that down a bit.
 So your books have excellent names, Susie, and I have to say, how do you think that one sounds
 like that?
 I think it's novel.
 Yeah.
 It's actually non-fiction.
 It's novel.
 I know.
 I know.
 Do you think there's ever been a book that's had more words in the title than the book
 itself?
 Yes.
 It's that title.
 I mean--
 Um, Wanko.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Words are not--
 Well, I think that would be autological, then.
 If you could come up with something that fits, then it would be--
 So they're like--
 They're like--
 Is it an eponym that's named after a person?
 So they're like eponyms, but they are eponyms, but you don't think they're going to be
 eponyms.
 Yeah.
 So I want to actually email the fish inbox with one of these, podcast@QI.com.
 And they suggested hominemes, like hominemes.
 Yeah.
 I think that's not bad.
 It's quite nice.
 Yeah.
 Why are you laughing, then?
 I just can't believe that we've got it to this territory.
 I know.
 It's got a lexicon control.
 I'm going to talk about my book.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I'd like you to write the forward, too, please.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I know you did burrow his face and fable.
 This will be--
 I know you did burrow his face and fable.
 This will be--
 I know.
 This will be--
 I know.
 I'm just trying to think of other eponyms.
 Now, I like it.
 Thank you.
 Very nice.
 Like it.
 There's the quote for the first.
 That's all we needed.
 Thanks for coming out, Susie.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 OK, it is time for fact number two.
 And that is James.
 OK, in my fact, this week is that the smarter your best friend's
 mum is, the smarter you will be.
 Hmm.
 Hmm.
 Hmm.
 Damn, your best friend's mum must have been a real tricky.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I don't have any friends.
 [LAUGHTER]
 How rude.
 What?
 Yeah, I'm so sorry.
 I'm telling Debbie, and you will regret that.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So this is research.
 They're, like, old research would say that the smarter your
 family are, the smarter you might be.
 Now, that might be genetics, or it might be just because your
 family, you know, are rich, for instance, or lots of different
 reasons.
 But there have been some new researchers who have looked at
 something called the National Longitudinal Study of Adolescent
 Health, which followed students for more than a decade, and
 asked them loads and loads of questions.
 They did loads of questionnaires.
 And in part of it, they were asked the name of their best friend.
 And so these people could look at the best friend and then
 look at their family and work out if there was any correlation.
 And they found actually there was a real correlation between the
 success of the best friend's mum and the success of the child.
 And they don't know why it is.
 There's lots of reasons it could be.
 And actually, they checked it against various different things,
 like, you know, affluence and all that kind of stuff.
 And they still reckon that this works out really well.
 And they don't know why.
 It's crazy.
 Because your best friend then is modelling their mum so that you
 were surrounded.
 Yeah.
 And do that.
 I did a bit of first time research on this.
 Oh, yeah.
 I found out my best friend asked about his mum.
 She's got two degrees.
 Oh, okay.
 You know, sorry.
 That is interesting.
 But this is all about, like, how do you judge people's intelligence?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Alfred Binet or Binet, depending on your pronunciation.
 And he was the sort of proto IQ test creator.
 He was creating a test that were looking specifically at children
 to work out what schooling they would need.
 And they were trying to find less able children by these.
 That's so that they could receive more help academic.
 Yes, exactly.
 Yeah.
 But he never thought that it should be used in the way that we are currently
 using it in order to assess what intelligence is.
 And that sort of just grew out through different evolutions
 by further scientists and psychologists down the line.
 His friends, wasn't he?
 You know, yeah.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 He coined the phrase erotic fetishism in 1887.
 Oh.
 And I've actually heard that phrase before.
 Was?
 I've not really heard that as a phrase.
 It's not a day today.
 We all come across.
 You just see it because of the pop-up heads on your Google.
 So Andy can't escape it.
 But yeah, genius.
 One interesting thing is etymologically,
 women can't have genius.
 And that's because my name shouldn't roam.
 It was a godlike soul that lay in the foreheads of men.
 Oh.
 And female equivalence was called the Ayuno.
 So men would have genius.
 Women would have Ayuno's.
 Oh, really?
 Yeah.
 Right.
 Isn't that interesting?
 Yeah.
 I've just worked on a series called Secret Genius,
 where there were so many women here.
 Oh, geniuses.
 Sorry, I'm not saying the women are not geniuses.
 I know.
 The phrase etymologically speaking was doing a lot of hair.
 I think that's not right.
 No, it's really interesting.
 What kind of people did you find on your show?
 Well, primarily we wanted to find people.
 We didn't know how brilliant they were.
 And all their friends knew that they had something special.
 But they hadn't been validated at school,
 or they bumped off school because they knew
 they were different, but they were embarrassed by it.
 And that kind of thing.
 So it was actually really lovely.
 Were you tracking people via their children's best friends?
 Was that the next thing that you...
 No, I think that would be the logical thing now.
 That should be one of our criteria when we're wearing our search.
 Because there are so many different ways of cutting it.
 You know, is it...
 There are creative arts, there are scientific forms of genius,
 there are engineering forms of...
 Yeah, that's so much.
 And actually, it's very difficult to sort of have a hard and fast rule
 as to, you know, you fit this category and you fit this one.
 An emotional intelligence, now I think,
 has also been really recognized, which is great.
 Yeah, I think that's interesting,
 because there was a fact that did the rounds a few years ago
 that said 65% of Americans thought they were above average in intelligence.
 Right.
 And everyone was like, "Oh, idiot Americans."
 But actually, if someone asks you, "Are you intelligent?"
 and you say, "Well, yes, I am, because I'm emotionally intelligent."
 "Oh, because I'm going to puzzle, so because I'm going to work games or whatever."
 Which you naturally would think whatever your best thing is.
 You'd be like, "Yeah, I am great."
 Of course, 65% of people think they are, and they probably are.
 It's a really good point.
 Yeah.
 And you guys...
 Yeah.
 Do you think that your partners, your wives, are attractive or intelligent?
 I think Dan's there, yeah.
 (laughter)
 Fennel, yep.
 Absolutely she is.
 Dan's, that was plural.
 How did you know about my secret wife?
 Fennel has listening to go, "Well, I need her of those things, so there must be at least two others."
 (laughter)
 Well, the interesting...
 Yeah, of course.
 Of course you do.
 Of course you do.
 You married them.
 But you tend to think you've attracted someone gorgeous.
 If you're with someone, you tend to think your partner is really attractive, naturally.
 So we do know there's an effect where people overrate how attractive they think they're partner.
 I'm not saying your partner is overrated.
 Is this in the first few months or this is just...
 I think this is in general.
 Okay.
 I think you're just asking...
 Basically, of course, because you're with them, you will say, "Well, I think that person's really gorgeous."
 Whereas maybe a neutral jury of their peers might say that he's reasonably good looking.
 (laughter)
 This is so dangerous.
 I'm listening. I can hear listeners' marriages cracking up all over the place.
 The trick is not to ask the people at the wedding what they think.
 Absolutely.
 Our survey, sir.
 (laughter)
 Well, the fascinating thing is that people also overestimate their partner's IQs
 by a thumbing amount.
 Because, surely, you think, "Well, they're smart because they've helped me."
 They're with me.
 Right.
 It's between 36 and 38 IQ points that people overrate their partner's intelligence.
 What it turns out is that your partner is a hideous moron.
 (laughter)
 I'm so sorry.
 (laughter)
 Well, that's fascinating.
 Yeah.
 I mean, really much for this to do that, then underestimate those, surely.
 Be awful if you just were completely...
 Yeah, absolutely.
 You know, you're with them.
 You love them. You think they're terrific.
 Yeah.
 You think they're attractive and intelligent.
 Yeah.
 I think that's really good.
 There's another test, which is called mega.
 It's the mega test, which is like an IQ test.
 That's mega stony and great together.
 (laughter)
 And there was someone who was a very high score on it.
 And, in fact, there was a record in the Guinness World Records up until 1990
 for the highest IQ that someone has ever got.
 And it was a woman called Marilyn Voss Savant.
 Oh, that is wonderful.
 Yeah.
 It's a totally bearing out her name.
 I'm right about her.
 Yes.
 Stony, so...
 (laughter)
 Oh, I'm sorry.
 That's smart.
 I'm so sorry.
 (laughter)
 And you married her.
 (laughter)
 She, in 1985, she was 10 years old.
 And she was recorded as having answered every single question right on an adult test.
 Wow.
 According to the way IQ is done, which is where it's...
 Basically, your IQ is...
 It's like a version of mental age.
 I mean, it's...
 But it's dependent on your actual age, isn't it?
 It's dependent on your actual age.
 So if you're...
 Let me get this right.
 If you're 10, but you get the same as an average 15-year-old,
 supposedly, you have an IQ of 150.
 Ah.
 It's...
 It's roughly like that.
 So if I'm 47 and I get the same as someone who's 70 years old,
 do I get 150 as well?
 I'm not sure when the baseline age is.
 That's a really good point.
 (laughter)
 It's a really good point.
 But she was at the age of 10, she did this test,
 which apparently gave her an IQ of 228.
 She became extremely famous.
 And for her work, she'd spent more than 20 years as an Agony Aunt.
 I'll show you people's dilemmas.
 I mentioned it earlier.
 You mentioned it earlier.
 I asked Marilyn, it was called, and yeah.
 And there was a big moment in it where she popularized
 what is quite a famous mathematical problem now,
 which is the Monty Hall problem.
 Oh, really?
 Yeah, so the Monty Hall problem.
 James, you'll probably explain it better.
 But let's say you're on a game show, which I believe is why it's connected to it.
 The Monty Hall was the host of a show.
 And you had three doors.
 And you had to pick one that you think the treasure is behind.
 Oh, the prize that you're going to get.
 And then behind the two other doors are, say, goats or something.
 So you select your door.
 And then Monty opens one of the other two doors and shows a goat behind it.
 It says, okay, there's only one, two options now.
 Do you want to stick with your choice or do you want to change it?
 The problem suggests that you should then change it because your odds are higher.
 Almost everyone says I should stick or they say it doesn't matter.
 It's 50/50 now.
 Why the odds higher?
 Sorry?
 Why are the odds higher than if you switch?
 Well, one way of looking at it is if there's a hundred doors and you choose one.
 And then he removes all of them apart from the last two.
 So he's taken out 98 doors.
 You now know that it's either in your door or the other one.
 But most of the time when they removed 98 doors, yours would have been one of them.
 But in this case, it wasn't.
 So there's a decent chance that yours is empty.
 You're going from ones of one and three towards one and two.
 And you'll re-choose it.
 You're now going into odds of two and three, actually.
 Oh, of course.
 Of course.
 And this is very counterintuitive.
 It breaks everyone's brain, honestly.
 And it did at the time because she popularized this idea.
 I think she might, I want to say she came up with it, but I'm not a hundred percent.
 But 10,000 people wrote in saying, no, that's not the case.
 Including 1,000, nearly 1,000 who had PhDs.
 And in fact, Paul Urdos, the mathematician, Hungarian, Hungarian mathematician,
 is kind of noted as one of the most prolific in the world.
 He refused to believe it and was only convinced when a computer simulation showed
 that her predictions were correct.
 It's a mismystical or not, isn't it?
 Yeah. Do you know a quick way to score higher on your IQ test if you do one?
 It's not something you're just trying to cheat though, is it?
 So what's interesting is they have noticed that the same person doing an IQ test
 actually can get different scores based on a certain thing.
 So it must be something physical you can do in the room to quickly improve the blood flow of your brain, for example.
 Like checking your head really fast.
 That's OK.
 Right into the wall.
 Right into the wall, bang your head into the wall.
 Mr. Harker, Mr. Murray, we're all to leave the IQ 7 up.
 Pencils up your nose.
 Yeah.
 What is it?
 It's all that note.
 Is it just practice?
 Because those puzzles, I tend to be able to get a lot of those puzzles.
 But I don't think it's because I'm smart.
 I think it's because I've seen the puzzles before.
 Yeah.
 No, it's not that.
 And this is some research that was done by friend of the podcast, Angela Duckworth,
 who appeared on the 20-hour marathon that we did.
 She was over in America.
 They found, so if I was, let's say, my oldest son, Will, if he was about to do it.
 If just before, I said, I'm going to pay you $20.
 If you do well on this.
 Oh, incentivize.
 The money incentive will make him do better in the IQ test.
 It will change.
 Did you try this on your show?
 Did you try this on your show?
 Did you try this on your show?
 Did you try this on your show?
 Did you try this on your show?
 Did you try this on your show?
 Did you try this on your show?
 Did you try this on your show?
 Did you try this on your show?
 Did you try this on your show?
 Did you try this on your show?
 Did you try this on your show?
 Did you try this on your show?
 Did you try this on your show?
 Did you try this on your show?
 Did you try this on your show?
 Did you try this on your show?
 Did you try this on your show?
 Did you try this on your show?
 Did you try this on your show?
 Did you try this on your show?
 OK, it is time for fact number three, and that is Andy.
 My fact is, by the year 1600, everyone's tongues were slightly higher in their mouths than in the year 1400, and nobody knows why.
 Oh, who made it?
 Not that high.
 OK.
 Split the difference.
 Oh, so it's on that.
 Because when you said this, I thought it was like in the palette, but it's not that.
 OK, this is a thing that is one of the most bizarre elements of the English language, and it's really well established that it happened in our language.
 Other languages around the world may definitely have had it.
 But it's a thing that started in roughly the 15th century and lasted for roughly 200 years, where everyone started saying a particular kind of letter, long vowels.
 So that's things like the A in cake rather than the O in hot.
 That's a short vowel.
 So if it sounds like the vowel A cake, it's a long vowel.
 Which, by the way, is impossible to teach to kids, like I'm teaching my daughter how to read right now, and she keeps reading the words slightly wrong.
 I'm like, no, that is actually an eye.
 This is exactly it.
 If you're teaching anyone to read like a child, you have to, in English, you have to keep saying, no, that's just one of these funny things, because you can't talk about the great vowel shift, which is what this is called.
 But basically, middle English, you would hold vowels for a long time, and then people started moving their tongues slightly differently while saying these long vowels, and it caught on.
 And there is not a guaranteed explanation of why this happened. There are lots of theories, but it's why you have to say, oh yes, cough doesn't look at all like dough.
 And it's why Chaucer doesn't rhyme to us.
 If you read the Canterbury Tales, he thinks it comes a moron.
 He's actually a hideous moron. Actually, he was probably his chasers. Well, actually, for me, he was a beautiful genius.
 And all of these words have changed their pronunciations. So, sheep, what we would call a sheep, they would call a shape.
 You know, your wife.
 I think this settles, by the way, the scorn versus scorn debate, because English is called and good.
 And that would be fine. It would be no problem.
 Absolutely. It sounds like you're from Yorkshire, though, when you say that.
 It might. Yeah. Well, probably regionally is. It's a bit different. You know, your wife was once your weave.
 Yeah. But is this the same as the wife of Bath being the wife of Bath? Or is that a slightly different thing?
 I think that's different.
 Yes, that is more regional. Yes. And the wife, we just met women, by the way.
 There's old spelling and new spelling. Does the old spelling reflect how it was being pronounced? As in, we obviously don't have recordings from the 1500s.
 So, that's how we know it was being pronounced differently. This is the whole problem. Right.
 Spelling hasn't changed and the pronunciation did. Yeah. So, how do we know?
 Yes, but I'm spelling in sound of all centuries ago.
 Well, we know because we can interpret it from rhymes quite quite a lot. Right.
 And we literally are just sort of sitting through evidence to try and work out how they were pronounced at the time,
 because they just say we didn't have audio. So, and but did no one at the time think to do a phonetic with the books that we're teaching?
 They were not like that. They were busy. And that sounded rudder than I meant it to. Apologies to the Middle Ages.
 When Dan goes back in time, he's like, "Come on, guys, you just need to think of a phonetic."
 Even then, they didn't have the international phonetic alphabet or anything.
 So, even then, we wouldn't have been able to interpret it. If they could have said, you know, cat as in, cat or something.
 But we wouldn't know how cat was pronounced at the time. So, a phonetic glossary wouldn't exist.
 It wouldn't know. But poetry, poetry is massive for us.
 Yeah. Okay. So, you're telling me that right now, the theory we've gone for is that our tongues were in a different bit of our mouths.
 They were. They were. Why?
 Well, one theory is that the Black Death was just shuffling everyone around. And people were migrating more towards London.
 And Londoners were more fashionable and more elite. Or that the French were more elite. So, we copied them. I mean, there were loads of theories.
 Yeah. There's. There's. It could be, I think you can say, in any history essay, the growing middle class.
 So, at any point in the last 2000 years, because actually there was a burden in the middle class at the time.
 And this changed how things were said, you know, it could be due to speaking French, or avoiding speaking French.
 But you see, health of those theories, which is basically either because the aristocracy were switching from French to English.
 And the middle class were kind of speaking French a little bit, but speaking it wrong, a bit like.
 Yeah, the guys are low, low. I kind of think good moaning.
 Or that there was anti-French sentiment, because we were at war with them quite a lot.
 Yeah. And there was a lot of that going on. Yeah.
 And the printing press kind of came along mid shift.
 So, the printing press did more than anything to sort of solidify a spelling or not solidify it, but to standardize spelling.
 Thanks to Caxden, because before that was completely chaotic.
 But the sound changes kept happening. So, we are still typing as they were in the 15th century, but we sound much later.
 It's not crazy. If we only not develop the printing press, or if we only had had the great vowel shift 200 years before,
 it would be easy to learn English now.
 And there wouldn't be all these mad exceptions where you just say, I'm sorry, you're just going to have to remember that for the rest of your life that it's a bit different that one.
 It's so crazy. But now, because spelling has been pretty well pinned and isn't changing, I guess it's not changing as fast as it would have done a thousand years ago,
 because things were sliding over the place, but we'll never spell handbag, handbag, which is what people say.
 Well, we might do. I mean, hope so.
 Yeah. Bring your handbag. Handbag. Handbag. Handbag.
 That was what the confusion was in the play. No one talks about that.
 So, weirdly by researching this fact, I've sort of developed a personal theory about my accent, because I do have a weird accent.
 So, I was born and raised in Hong Kong, lived in Australia, and then moved here.
 And I put R as I have a forced R in a lot of stuff. So listeners of the show know that I say Coverant Garden as opposed to Covent Garden.
 Coverant. Coverant. I put in R right at the end.
 All born instead of Hoban or Chicago, I put in there.
 And what I realized was that when I moved to Australia, I had a very American accent.
 And when I got there, you went to an international school in Hong Kong. Yeah, that's right. And in Australia, I went to a very just down the line Aussie school.
 And I was worried about the accent, but the first day, a girl who found very pretty, called Penny, said, "Love your accent." And I thought, "Oh, okay, cool, I'm going to keep this."
 And I think I made an active effort to not lose my accent at a period where I would have been losing it.
 And I think the forced R is what that was, I think.
 Penny's fault. Yes.
 Yes, it's the attractive R, not the intrusive R. Well, you think it's an attractive R.
 But yeah, I think that's probably it. That may be how accents develop. It's, as you're saying, a reluctance to not be French, you know.
 Yeah, or to San Cooler and San Michelandino.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Yeah, how interested.
 On a little other element of middle English, there's a brilliant piece on, I don't know why it was on BBC Future, because it's about language a thousand years ago.
 But anyway, there's a brilliant piece about how a thousand years ago everyone had more pronouns than they do today, because English had all these pronouns that we just have, have naturally sounded off the language.
 So there was wit, which we have the word we, meaning me and one person, or more than one person.
 We can be two people, three people.
 Yeah. Yeah. Anyone.
 Anyone wit is specifically we too. Okay, so it's worth and it's a, you know, there are poems where it's, it's we too, and it's sort of used as a romantic thing, you know.
 Oh, we too. We too.
 We too.
 Yeah, if you with an owl.
 And if there's hour as well, but hour can be multiple people or it can be two people, and you would have anchor for mine and one other person's.
 So there were all these pronouns that we used to have.
 So in the old days, if you asked someone what are your pronouns, you'd be there a while, because you know, just like the loads more.
 Yeah, just find that so interesting or kids for you to get serious.
 Oh, like that.
 That's so interesting, because English, I think, used to have, or like in a real, real long time ago, we had more cases, right, that we've just lost over the years.
 So like in German or Russian, you have all these different genitives and datives and all that, and you can still see some of them, especially in short, was like the, they, and all that kind of stuff.
 They've still kind of hung around a little bit.
 Yeah, I love that, because we are Germanic at heart, but then we, we kind of, you know, as you say, so many influences.
 Do you speak more than one language, Susie?
 I speak German, so German was my first love and French, and tiny bit of Spanish, but don't test me.
 A tiny bit of Finnish, because I was in no pair.
 Oh, great.
 I've finished ambassador for a while.
 I can talk about going to buy an ice cream before I've had it.
 Finnish must be the most difficult language to learn, surely.
 That's awesome.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I was taught, you basically say mosquitoes with a soft ending, and then lose the moss, and that's how you say it.
 Right.
 And if you have to learn that for every single word in a language, let's tell you a long time.
 Yeah.
 We did a fact quite a long time ago on the show, which was, I think, it was either Icelandic or Finnish, where there was a translator of Agatha Christie novels, who spent over a decade trying to work out how to translate just two words.
 Just two words in this one novel, because it was the giveaway.
 It was the reveal.
 And just couldn't work out to do it.
 Yeah, so it took over a decade.
 It was in Iceland.
 And we talked about the phonetic alphabet earlier.
 Yeah.
 And the most recent consonant added to the international phonetic alphabet is the labial flap.
 Oh, crumbs.
 It looks like a V with a little tail at the time.
 I know what it looks like, James.
 That V grow up.
 It's a very rare speech sound produced by quickly drawing the lower lip back behind the upper teeth, and then releasing it forward.
 And it's found there's some sub-Saharan languages.
 But the rarest one I could find, I think this is the rarest.
 I saw this on TikTok with someone called human 1011.
 And they talked about the voiceless labial vela implosive, which is like pronouncing a K and a P at the same time.
 But instead of putting it out of your mouth, you suck it in.
 I couldn't do it what he did.
 But it's in a single dialect of a single language of the Igbo, which you get in Nigeria.
 It's only used in that one tiny bit, but it's there.
 Cool, you know, very cool.
 There must be more out there that we haven't discovered.
 I'll be honest, it was mostly about just saying labial flap.
 Absolutely.
 Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show, and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that many of Charles Dickens' readers in Victorian England consumed his works as audiobooks.
 This is a fun little detail from a book by Amy Cruz called the Victorians and their books.
 And there's an extract in it, an account from the time of when Charles Dickens was over in Paris, and his son was sick.
 And he was staying in the lodgings.
 And I believe that the boy's grandmother was looking after him.
 And so she said to the carrier of the house, Mr. Dickens is coming.
 And the housekeeper was believed to have been illiterate.
 But said, oh, Mr. Dickens, I love his work.
 And she thought, how do you read?
 And so she explained that there is a little snuff shop, and the man who works there would invite people in on the first Monday of every month.
 And he received a little payment, and in return they got some tea.
 But they also were read extracts from the latest bit of a Charles Dickens novel.
 So effectively, if you couldn't read, you might pay someone to be the audiobook for you.
 And you get groups of people to do that.
 Even if you could read, I can imagine that'd be quite nice.
 Yes.
 Have some reading your story?
 Yeah.
 It was a big thing, wasn't it?
 I mean, in the early 19th century, Jane Austen's time reading to your family was one of the things that you do.
 It's a thing, I don't know, isn't it?
 Yeah, poetry.
 But Dickens was a huge performer of his own works, wasn't it?
 I mean, they said that it really damaged his health in the end as the way he really helped him.
 Yeah, yeah.
 He helped him.
 To build psychs and things, he gave so much sort of of himself.
 Oh, wow.
 Yeah, and his performances that he was warned not to do it by his doctors.
 How interesting.
 Because he did, there was a train crash that occurred not long before he died, where he got very ill.
 So he was still performing afterwards, was he?
 He was, he wasn't heard himself, I think, but it was incredibly shocking to be playing.
 Yeah, I think psychologically, yeah.
 We said before that, like before his shows, he would drink a lot of champagne.
 Yes, I really.
 A pint of champagne.
 Yes, yeah.
 So that might have happened effect.
 We don't know.
 You know, maybe all the raw eggs he also had before.
 Yeah, yeah.
 So this is interesting.
 Audio books didn't exist.
 Yeah.
 But we have a recording of a Christmas Carol exactly as Dickens would have read it.
 And in fact, read by Dickens, but Dickens died with no recordings of his voice being made.
 Little me this.
 AI.
 AI.
 That's it.
 It's AI.
 Yeah.
 How is it possible?
 It's not about Dickens.
 Every house I will have one in ten years time is really exciting.
 No.
 Is it a descendant who just looks very similar to Dickens?
 And it's that.
 Is it so annoying that Dan's got it?
 Is that it?
 It was read by A Dickens.
 Ah.
 Not three Dickens.
 It was read by Monica Dickens, who was his great granddaughter herself a novelist.
 She wrote 40 novels.
 Oh my God, I picked up a book by her today.
 Yeah, yeah, they're really good.
 She had listened to her grandfather, i.e. Charles Dickens' son, reading a Christmas Carol.
 Lots.
 Yeah.
 And he had a version of a Christmas Carol, which had all of the original Dickens annotations
 in it, which words to stress, which words to leave out, which way to lean this and that.
 So it was properly annotated.
 And she, in 1950, recorded that version of a Christmas Carol.
 So, weirdly, through three generations, we have four generations.
 We have the Dickens approved version of a Christmas Carol.
 Have you seen the Great Christmas Feast, which is a brilliant performance that goes on every
 Christmas, where they recreate Dickens' reading a Christmas Feast to all of you who sit around
 in Dickens' enclosed, eating great Dickens' food is brilliant.
 Really?
 That sounds awesome.
 But he definitely would have a Patreon, wouldn't he?
 Dickens now.
 He was a one-man podcast, really.
 He really was.
 Not that he's anything wrong with having a Patreon and not being a podcast, okay?
 Yeah, what are you trying to say?
 He liked it a lot, didn't he?
 Yeah.
 He went to America, even, and taught it round there, and apparently didn't really like it very much.
 He complained to his friends that he could do nothing that he wanted to do, go nowhere I want to go,
 and see nothing that I want to see.
 If I turn into the streets, I am followed by a multitude.
 Oh.
 Because he was so famous.
 We've been on tour though.
 It's like that.
 You know, stuff.
 Yeah.
 I couldn't wander through Times Square without being loved.
 But when he was in America, he was there.
 He did his show and stuff, but he also wanted to put the idea of an international copy right forward.
 Oh.
 Because the time everyone was copying his works in America, and he wasn't getting any of the cash for it.
 And so he went around saying, okay, I'm going to do my bit, but then also, you guys should pay me for your books.
 It's not really fair.
 And the press, the American press really just did not like him.
 And they said he was mercenary.
 They said he was only coming to America for monetary gain, all this kind of stuff.
 And then in his next novel that he wrote, Martin Chuzawet, he, Martin Chuzawet goes to America and says, this place is shit so long.
 And they really, he really fell out with the Americans.
 Wow.
 Really interesting.
 The copying and the plagiarism.
 I think we might have mentioned before that Dickens was pirated a lot, because he released them bit by bit.
 People could piggyback on that and then overtake him.
 So people, plagiarists would pump out works like Oliver Twist, Martin Chuzawet, or whatever.
 And there was one particular press baron called Edward Lloyd, who hired 10 or 50 writers to just churn these things out.
 Get them on the streets before Dickens has released his next chapter or whatever it is.
 And Dickens did sue over one, saying, this is outrageous.
 But the judge in the case, I love this, who was called Sir Lancelot Shadwell.
 Yes, please.
 Yes, please.
 Said, these are so bad that they don't meet the test of plagiarism or pirating.
 No one could possibly be fooled by Nicholas Nickelberry or whatever.
 It's not good enough to be plagiarism.
 Would that still work if I write a really awful version of Game of Thrones and I can get away with it?
 I think there are laws about parity.
 Do you remember the moron in a hurry?
 Oh, the man on the omnibus or something.
 If a moron in a hurry can still tell the difference between your work and the original, then it's fine.
 That is that's it.
 But if they would be fooled, then it might be a problem.
 My wife had this.
 Do any of you know about UK red?
 UK red.
 Do you know about this?
 No.
 This is an open access database.
 How's the open university?
 It contains 30,000 easily searchable records documenting the history of reading in Britain from 1450 to 1945.
 And you can put in someone like Charles Dickens and it will show you a track record in time of who has been reading, let's say in this case, Charles Dickens.
 I found this in an article by someone called Mary Hammond.
 So for example, it shows Victorian professional criminals when they were reading books in prison.
 There's an example of the novelist in the 1850s Elizabeth Gaskell reading a little bit of little door it over the shoulder of a passenger on a bus.
 And being frustrated that she had to get off before her companion turned the page.
 There was A.A. Mill who read Oliver Twist at the age of nine and it gave him nightmares.
 A man called Newman Flower who in 1901 rose at 4 a.m. to watch the funeral procession of Queen Victoria pass by.
 But while the way the hour is reading Bleak House, but got so engrossed in the book, he completely missed it.
 It's always totally easy to completely use yourself in the talk.
 That would have been everything.
 It was an amazing UK Red. I highly recommend checking it out.
 I love that. That's so cool.
 I find it quite interesting that because there is a sort of silent shame about audiobooks these days, isn't it?
 You just said I've read it technically, but it's a deep Victorian tradition.
 I think it says brilliant. I think it should be proud.
 Do you think if you read the audiobook, you get as much out of it than if you read the actual words?
 If you listen to the audiobook, sometimes I would say it depends.
 It spends so much on the narrator.
 I think science pretty much agrees with sometimes it depends.
 Yeah, because I've found a few studies.
 There was one in 2016 where they played sections of a book to some people and then the other ones read it.
 Then they did a quiz and actually everyone kind of took in the same amount of information.
 Then there was one slightly more recent where they did the same thing, but this time they asked them trick questions.
 The kind of trick question is how many of each animal did Moses take on the arc?
 The answer is...
 It was amazing.
 It's that kind of trick question, so they asked the people that kind of question and they found that the people who had read the book were less likely to be tricked.
 So it's almost like you still take it in, but you don't process it quite as much, that's what they said.
 Often you're listening to an audiobook while doing something else, whereas reading a paper book you can't be driving a bus.
 For example, you know, so I think that probably makes a bit of a difference in the real world.
 I wonder if the brain also provides a little bit of white noise when you're reading, because you can sort of pause or whatever, because there's also really interesting research that involved two recordings being played to an audience.
 One with all the white noise, the arms, the ars, the fillers and things, kept in and another one where it was entirely stripped out.
 And the one where it was kept in was remembered.
 Oh, interesting.
 Because it gives you a bit of time to absorb.
 It's not over the top.
 I tend to allow one person, so really, that's probably enough.
 We could double our numbers if you'd like.
 Yeah, I think there's a sweet spot, I think.
 Yeah.
 You know, like in Love Island just drives everyone mad, isn't it?
 So I think too many, and then the reverse is true, but yeah.
 Interestingly, anytime we read, this is for most of us, we are listening to the audiobook as we're doing it.
 It's a sub-vocalization, it's a thing that happens where most of us when we're reading the words in our head,
 we can hear our voice, reading it.
 And in many cases, the muscles in your throat that would be moved to make sound are very subtly making those notes as well.
 Some people mouth, quite obviously.
 And some people mouth.
 And so apparently you also can only go at the speed at which you read.
 But you can't read faster and slower.
 But you can't break any kind of, you can't trick your brain into going faster.
 Yeah.
 How interesting.
 And there was all this debate about whether people in, in olden times had the capacity to read silently.
 Yeah, because there was one guy wasn't there for like the ninth century, and someone wrote amazingly he can read it out.
 And that was taken as evidence that actually no one could do that before.
 I'm not sure about that.
 I don't know, I think there's still debate going on about that, or it was a bit of a dubious one.
 It was quite fun though, I was thinking about Audible and how you get any kind of book you want now.
 And you can put an actor's name in and you can get whatever they've read.
 So there are some people who have quite iconic voices.
 And it's quite funny when they're paired up with certain books.
 So for example, you can read a book called The Savior is Born, which is the story of the Nativity from the voice of God.
 Morgan Freeman.
 Oh, yeah.
 You can be read the Bible by Mufasa, which is James Earl Jones.
 Or arguably Darth Vader's reading it to you.
 It's quite fun, these kind of iconic voices, but they skip out all the...
 Yeah, it is one of the sentences.
 But in the future, we'll be able to just pick a voice, pick attacks from much and won't we?
 Yes.
 Which is quite scary.
 James Earl Jones is a good example, because he's given over the rights to his voice for any future star wars.
 So they can now AI Darth Vader into...
 I mean, you could do it now, not legally, I reckon.
 Yeah, pretty much. You probably wouldn't take much to take Suzy's voice and then do an audio book just with AI, I reckon.
 Yeah.
 Melania Trump's memoir in 2024.
 You're not doing that one.
 She announced that it would be the future of publishing, because it was an AI voice that was doing her audio part.
 Everyone else should be using it.
 Well, one of the main companies in the field, Eleven Labs, said that the product lacked the nuanced emotional expression of an actual person.
 Sorry, are we talking about the book or the readings?
 Okay, that's it. That is all of our facts. Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said over the course of this podcast, we can all be found online.
 I'm on Instagram, on @Sriberland, James.
 I'm on TikTok. No, it's this thing that's James Harkett, Andy.
 My Instagram does Andrew Hunter M.
 Yep, and Suzy, where do we find you?
 Instagram @SuzyDent.
 Nice, cool.
 And yeah, Suzy, you're on tour at the moment, right?
 Yes, it's called "We're Perfect" and it is just a one-woman show where I just talk words.
 We have a love, I hope.
 Some silly videos, sort of facts that you guys hopefully would love.
 And I have a Q&A section, which is my favorite bit. So there's a sort of word surgery where people can ask me anything they want within reason.
 And yeah, do follow Suzy on Instagram.
 And if you want to write about any of the stuff we've spoken about in this episode generally to us, you can do that by emailingpodcast@qy.com.
 All the emails make their way to Andy.
 He cherry picks the best of them and he separates them into two groups.
 The first group is the facts.
 We love picking the facts out for our new Monday show that we've been doing called Little Fish.
 It's a bonus episode.
 We put down our facts, we pick up yours and we read the best of them out.
 And then we also use the second pile as part of "Drop us a Line," which is our mailbag show.
 And that's a sort of private secret members club that is on Patreon. It's called Club Fish.
 There's lots of tears, lots of rewards, lots of interesting things that you can check out there if you're a fan of the show.
 So do go there and go where, then.
 Patreon.com/clubfish.
 I love it.
 It's great. It's great as a web domain.
 And you should enjoy it too.
 Anyway, you can otherwise just come back here because we're going to be back with another episode next week and we will see you then.
 Good bye.
 [Music]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
