 [music]
 Hey Clubfish members, welcome to this week's bonus bit of content.
 We have got a compilation episode for you today.
 But before we get into it, I just want to quickly remind some of you who may have missed
 the news that we are going to do a live show, July 6th, at the Crossed Wires Festival,
 which is a festival that was co-created by our good friend, Alice Lavigne, of my dad
 wrote a porno.
 They started last year.
 It was a massive success.
 They're coming back this year and we were really excited to be invited, so we're going
 to be doing a live recording.
 Now, we didn't do Sheffield on our tour last year.
 We really missed out on getting to that bit of the country, so if you're in that area,
 come along.
 We're doing a full live recording.
 There'll be a few extra fun bits thrown in as well.
 And if you want to get tickets, go to nosuchthingasaffish.com.
 You'll find all the links there.
 And why not check out what other podcasts are on.
 It is genuinely a great pod festival.
 All right.
 Well, let's get to the compilation.
 Here are the best of the outtakes that never made it to the main show.
 Here we go.
 She turned up to the unveiling of the Statue of Liberty, which I really like, and she turned
 that she was not invited.
 But she turned up on a cattle barge, so she turned up on a barge with a megaphone, and
 shouting that it was a gigantic lie, a travesty, and a mockery to make the representation of
 Liberty a woman when actual women had so few rights at the time.
 So that was her, that was her prototype.
 No, she's shackled, though, isn't she?
 Oh, is she broken her shackles?
 I don't think she's shackled.
 Is she not?
 I should not have been up it.
 And I don't know.
 You haven't been able to see her on the inside.
 You can't see me out.
 It's like Annie from there.
 Oh, and I haven't been up it either.
 Sorry, I was missing my name.
 What just happened?
 I've been near it.
 Oh, yeah.
 We all, but we went together.
 We were near it.
 We went to New York.
 I've been closer than that.
 Are we?
 Yeah, yeah.
 But she's not, I don't think.
 I don't think she's shackled.
 I don't think she's shackled.
 I've got one of her legs had a shackle on it, but maybe I'm wrong.
 Oh, she's got slippers.
 I know that much.
 Slipers.
 I think they're more sandals.
 Yeah, slip-ons.
 Like, the open toad.
 You could see her feet.
 Yeah.
 She's a woman in comfortable shoes.
 That's why you stayed outside.
 You got one of those wicky feet things going on.
 So true feminist should campaign for the Statue of Liberty to be a man?
 Yeah.
 And yet, my campaign has got done nothing.
 I have one more caddy called Daff to Willie Gunn.
 He is an old school one in Scotland.
 He was from the 19th century, early 19th century.
 He always wore four coats, three or four pairs of trousers.
 It is cold in Scotland.
 It is cold.
 He couldn't afford, like, a big coat or anything.
 So he just wore lots of small ones.
 And he just fell sick on me.
 He would only eat milk and soft vegetables his whole life.
 Okay.
 And he would be in St Andrews in Scotland.
 And then when the golf season finished, he would walk off.
 And no one knew where he went.
 He just presumably walked home somewhere.
 And then when the season started, he walked back again.
 And that was it.
 Well, he's really great.
 And then one day they stumbled upon a grave which said he died in 1520.
 Well, one day in 1820, he walked north, never to return.
 Oh.
 And to this day, nobody knows what happened to him.
 Stand out there.
 Well, that's great.
 That was great.
 Do you know that fact?
 Have I ever said it on this?
 I don't think I have.
 It was during the winter war, I think, between Russia and Finland.
 And there was a guy who was captured.
 And it turned out they was trying to hide in the snow by putting diaries on his head.
 And he reckoned that it worked for ages because they were white diaries.
 And no one could see him.
 But why had he taken so many diaries to a corporate zone?
 Did he just think I know this is going to work?
 I think he might have plundered them from houses.
 Really, of course, because you would get diaries in it.
 I mean, you don't get diaries anymore.
 It's a really, really sad fact.
 I mean, you get sort of weak diaries on trains these days.
 But even then, only on nice trains, they're not very good.
 Let's make me think, if you're Jewish and you have a Yamakar,
 do you, if you were going certain places with the army,
 would you match it to your environment?
 You're going somewhere winter, where I'm white.
 Kamalka.
 But in all these scenarios, you have, and in this one you've described,
 do you have to bury yourself up to the eyebrows?
 I think it was more like his hair would show up against the snow,
 but you maybe had a white coat.
 Did you get caught when some Russians turn up?
 I thought, "Oh, a lovely comfy armchair."
 I'll just stand up after I'm here.
 Just put like nothing to you under that.
 Well, it was entirely doing here.
 You know what, I only have remembered the story, so.
 Wait, is a Dolly's view ahead, isn't it?
 Is it a coaster?
 Dolly is the thing you put on a table and you put,
 it's a bit bigger than a coaster, but you put your tea part on it.
 What am I thinking of?
 I think it's a lacy.
 An anti-macasser.
 An anti-macasser.
 I'm so sorry.
 An anti-macasser is the thing you don't get anymore.
 I've got doggies coming out of my ass.
 It's winter, the same material though.
 So you obviously was a material based confusion.
 Anyway, I don't think a Dolly would work as an anti-macasser,
 because it's got holes in it, so all the macastras would get on the chair.
 You're right.
 What's a macasser?
 A macasser.
 We have a lot of topic.
 Macasser is hair oil.
 Yeah.
 In the 19th century, you'd have lots of you.
 Slather yourself.
 Yeah.
 So that's why, we don't need to confine this in the 19th century.
 Sorry, you popped your tiger bar when you're here.
 Your anti-macasser is when you go on the train or at a chair.
 You sit in a comfy chair.
 You need a layer of cloth between your head and the fabric of the chair,
 so that the oil doesn't soak into the chair itself.
 So that's an anti-macasser.
 James is right.
 A Dolly is the kind of coaster.
 Is that what they put on airplanes when you say that this is an anti-macasser?
 Should we talk about El Frank Balm?
 Yeah, sure.
 I've only got anti-macasser material.
 Do you know how scientists, if they've got a healer monster,
 to test its health levels, how they test them?
 Okay.
 So I'm going to give you a clue.
 I'm going to give you a clue.
 I'm going to give you a clue.
 A treadmill is classic.
 No, no.
 Nice.
 That's good.
 It's actually not to test how fit they are in a gym sense.
 It's more like how many reserves do they have?
 How long do they go to last?
 Take tails to conference, because that's where they get the first.
 It's related to Archimedes.
 They put it in a bath and how much water comes out.
 Exactly.
 They dunk their tail in a cup of water.
 And then you just measure how much it comes out.
 And then you know how fat the tail is.
 It was a bit of an easy clue.
 I'll have to apologize about that.
 But, you know, I didn't want it to go on forever.
 It was going to be a fun game.
 They are all venomous, right?
 And I think only two people are recorded to have ever died.
 One last year and one in 1930.
 But the reason they're not very dangerous
 is that they don't have a mechanism to inject their venom.
 What they've got is they've got teeth with grooves in.
 And they have to bite into you and then just champ chew up and down
 and up and down and up and down and flood their mouth with venom
 and chew the venom into you.
 So it's quite hard for them to have a victim.
 So the guttion is very inefficient.
 I read it takes like 15 minutes.
 Well, the guy who died last year, he'd been bitten for four minutes.
 There was a suggestion that you might have had an allergic reaction.
 Interesting.
 Yeah, it can be quite scary, I think.
 There was a 1959 movie called The Giant Helomonster,
 which apparently features a Mexican bearded lizard instead of a Helomonster.
 Yeah, you wouldn't get away with that these days.
 No, exactly.
 You have to skin an actual Helomonster, don't you?
 But it was the first ever double feature film
 where you paid for one film and you got two.
 That's great.
 And it was the first ever film that was shot and produced in Dallas.
 Really?
 The fact that you got the double feature that you got was The Giant Helomonster
 and the other one was called The Killer Shrews.
 Oh, wow.
 Which one headlines?
 I mean, it's going to be a double headline now.
 It is a double headline.
 Yeah, I watched the trailer for The Helomonster movie.
 Oh, yeah.
 It's wild.
 It's wonderful.
 Actually, I lie.
 I watched it for the remake in 2012, simply called Helah,
 with an exclamation mark.
 Yeah, it's unbelievable these things get remade.
 It was at the time acknowledged as an unbelievably bad film.
 Who's remaking it?
 Someone, and it's as bad.
 Did they not remake The Killer Shrews?
 Oh, I didn't check that.
 I should have.
 It's in development help.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Just on strong materials.
 This is a stiffer material.
 It's all about the hardest.
 There's also the strongest.
 And that's like, how much can you hang off something, basically?
 Strongest natural material.
 Thought of ages made.
 Spindy.
 Spindy.
 Spindy.
 Spindy.
 Wow.
 Wow.
 I can just imagine.
 I don't know, as the host of Pewdiversity Challenge.
 Someone gets an answer like, oh, no, is it?
 It's so Milton.
 Yeah.
 Well, I've always been so skeptical about this,
 and I know scientists have always claimed it,
 but I've just passed so many spiders' webs,
 and often I pull at them, and they break.
 I am unbelievably strong now.
 I am.
 You're like God's love.
 I'm not kidding, yes.
 Friends of the flies, amateur Jinsky.
 I never rate them.
 I get it, it's pound for pound, they're very thin,
 but it seems so unlikely.
 And anyway, they've been supplanted recently,
 and I believe this much more.
 They always say, answer really strong,
 but I just stand on them and look at this.
 Squish.
 It's like I don't understand proportionality.
 Anyway, it was recently found that the strongest material is limpit teeth.
 So you know, limpits, like the common limpit they see on beaches.
 Their teeth are actually on their tongue,
 like we were talking about a bit earlier with molasses.
 They've got this tongue, and they use it for the same purpose as parrot fish,
 which is just a scrape algae off the rocks.
 And apparently the comparison is a single string of spaghetti holding.
 The scientist said,
 "3,500 kilogram bags of sugar,
 which I didn't think was that good a comparison."
 So I'm deciding to say it's like a string of spaghetti holding a large walrus,
 or my car with five adults inside.
 If you know my car.
 Wow.
 I know your car.
 I know your car.
 It's not like the small, it's a normal, small-ish sized car, right?
 It's a Skoda Fabia.
 Yeah.
 I'm not sure if to say it.
 That's amazing, that's spaghetti.
 I think it doesn't matter because it's about the...
 Please.
 Which of it?
 It doesn't matter.
 You've been to Anna's Italian restaurant.
 It's a nightmare.
 It's really hard to turn it around your fork, isn't it?
 It's Al Dente.
 I tell you one last...
 This is an alternative, actually, to a Zampig.
 Yeah.
 Because, you know, others are available.
 But much better.
 Vibes.
 Oh.
 Okay.
 Which is an acronym that stands for the Vibrating Ingestible Bioelectric Simulator.
 And it is a pill that you swallow that...
 Wiggles and tickles and jiggles inside you.
 And makes you think you're full.
 It's a battery, a motor, a little vibrating motor and a membrane.
 And when you swallow it, the membrane dissolves.
 You know what it sounds like to me, Andy?
 A magic bean.
 And I've got a lot to sell you.
 Well, it's been tested in the last couple of years in 2023.
 It's been tested on pigs.
 It hasn't got to human trials yet.
 But they ate 40% less.
 And pigs love to eat.
 They're pigs everywhere.
 Love to eat.
 And it's been tested on young Yorks or pigs, apparently.
 And basically, means that your stomach has been jiggled around.
 And it thinks, oh, well, there must be loads of food in here.
 Really?
 And then, yeah.
 Wow.
 But then what do I have to eat to get rid of that thing?
 You just eat another one and it pushes the first one through.
 That's fine.
 Right.
 Okay, and then see a big one and a big one.
 Wow.
 What a weird poo.
 That will feel like, because it's vibrating out your butt.
 Here's an interesting thing.
 Avalanche is, and not nearly as deadly as they used to be.
 And more than half of people who are stuck in the Avalanche's survive these days.
 Wow.
 And they've got loads of new survival devices that you can have that,
 if you're skiing off piece, you might have them with you.
 One of them, which is really cool, is a thing called the Avalanche Airbag system.
 And what you do is when you're skiing and you see an Avalanche coming, you go, oh, shit.
 And you pull a toggle and it just puts like an airbag around you, like you're in a...
 Zor.
 Like you're in a Zor.
 But it makes you massive.
 It like puts this huge sort of airbag around you.
 And can you guess how it works?
 This is really amazing.
 Is it something to do with pressure up in the mountains?
 Well, like how it's inviting.
 So you know when you get musely, for instance, you get a big box of musely.
 And at the top are all like the big nuts and stuff.
 But at the bottom are all the little grainy bits.
 Yeah, this is like, it's got a name, this effect.
 Yeah, it's called like the Brazil nut effect or something like that.
 Well, this makes you really big.
 And so when the Avalanche is coming down, like a Brazil nut,
 you float to the top and all the small bits of snow goes to the bottom.
 Wow.
 Isn't that amazing?
 It's called the principle of inverse segregation.
 Wow.
 And so it keeps you near the top and it makes you easier to find.
 And while you're waiting, you've got all that musely to get you out of the pie.
 Have many people done that on purpose?
 Because I'd imagine it would be tempting.
 It's been used in Europe for over 10 years.
 No, sorry, as in for fun.
 Oh, for fun.
 Because you would have thought that would be unbelievable.
 It would be good fun.
 It feels like Avalanche chasers are going to be a thing, right?
 Like tornado hunters.
 Yeah, like surfing on the top of an avalanche.
 And your big bubble.
 How great would that be?
 I'm going to say don't try it at home anyway.
 It can't.
 It can't.
 Do you know the most famous frostbites offer of all time?
 Rental finds.
 Yeah.
 More famous.
 Even more famous than Rental finds.
 Oh, I'm blessed.
 You think more famous.
 More famous.
 David Asimbra.
 More famous.
 God, Albert Einstein.
 Joey Essex.
 God.
 There was a study in 2004 by a couple of neonatologists
 who decreed that the baby--
 Sorry, Joey Essex.
 It's okay, but don't be honest.
 Just to kind of think of the most famous person I could think of.
 There's a study found that the baby Jesus almost certainly
 had hypothermia as a baby.
 Oh, and then by extension.
 No.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Not God, God.
 Well, now he is one of the three gods.
 Exactly.
 He has another mix of God.
 Well, that depends which one you find.
 Basically, they look to the load of--
 They look to the load of old masters paintings
 from the National Gallery,
 which loads of them a feature of--
 Oh, and of course they were painted lives.
 Well, that was exactly it.
 That was it.
 There was an ox and an ass and three shepherds
 and a load of fucking painters in the car, wasn't that?
 Yeah.
 But you never see that.
 It's like a press gallery, you know?
 So, yeah, 90% of these paintings depicted Jesus
 as either naked or scantily clad.
 And given that the temperature in Bethlehem
 in late December is about seven Celsius.
 And 60% of the paintings, he's on the floor.
 You think, why have you put the baby on the--
 Don't put the baby on the floor.
 He wasn't barbed on Christmas Day, though.
 I know that according to the rules he was,
 but I think we don't think he was.
 No, okay.
 But either way, it's clearly a risk.
 And they said that the--
 Can you guess the explanation they provided?
 I really like this.
 As to why it might have been all right, because he was God.
 Well, he survived it.
 Maybe the halo warmed him up.
 They said maybe the halo suggested a neutral thermal zone.
 Yes.
 Very--
 Like Readybreak.
 Makes you blow in the dark.
 Yeah, exactly, yeah.
 I'm sorry.
 Oh, you're too young to remember those adverts
 from the 1980s.
 Like a kid with the Readybreak, and then they would go to school
 and they would just have a glow around them all day.
 Right.
 It was a dangerous--
 It sort of looks a bit nuclear, doesn't it?
 Does now you think about it, yeah.
 And it was the '80s.
 It was a time of anxiety.
 Yeah.
 It surprised it worked.
 That's why Porridge is now so much more popular than Readybreak.
 Here we go.
 You're out, and it's cold.
 And it's really cold.
 Yeah.
 You're in big trouble.
 You're riding your horse along, yeah.
 Oh, okay.
 I was under night out in Leeds in my head.
 No, I'm--
 Well, you can still be on a night out in Leeds.
 That's fine.
 Yeah, six.
 Five beers for everyone.
 I just remember that's the coldest I've ever been after a night out in Leeds.
 So that's where I am.
 Okay.
 Go on.
 But you're on your horse.
 I'm on my horse.
 You're on your way home, back to the Previewer Inn.
 Previewer Inn, yeah.
 There's no room at the Previewer Inn.
 Outside there's a baby who's been put on the floor, which is a very bad idea.
 Okay.
 Your horse dies, under you.
 Oh, your horse dies.
 On your way back to the Previewer Inn.
 Probably punched by a Leeds United son.
 I have my head.
 It's really cold.
 It's a long way to go to the Previewer Inn.
 Yeah.
 What do you do?
 Well, I would have walked.
 Oh, you do the Leonardo Comprier thing.
 You can't open your horse and sleep inside.
 Exactly.
 Oh, I see.
 Wait, is that a claxon?
 It's not really.
 It hasn't been done once, at least, that we know of.
 By a missionary in America who, in 1860, he did lose a leg.
 He had to have leg amputated.
 Okay.
 But he did survive.
 I was reading a, do you remember the bit in Star Wars, where Luke Skywalker has to cut open the monster?
 Yes.
 He has to cut open his big fluffy, no, his sort of pack animal.
 That's right.
 And then he gets shoved in it.
 Okay.
 But I remember saying it wouldn't work.
 You would really don't have long, even if you cut open your horse and get it.
 Hang on, are you saying it would work out?
 So it's how one person's done it and achieved it.
 Yeah.
 But like, oh, you can do it overnight.
 It must depend how cold it is.
 Because if it's like, let's say it's 10 degrees, it's a bit nippy.
 Probably you cut open your horse and it will just give you enough warmth to keep you fine.
 The headline then becomes, is this necessary?
 There is a taboo against pointing at rainbows from around the world.
 Lots of different cultures have this.
 The Miso of Myanmar, they think that if you point at a rainbow,
 you have to immediately point at a hen's basket to stop having some bad luck.
 In the Malayang region of Papua New Guinea, if a child accidentally points at a rainbow,
 they must go and find an old man and pull his finger.
 Accidentally, if you accidentally point at a rainbow,
 it just feels so unlikely that you...
 It does.
 And there's a group in Ecuador that if you point at a rainbow,
 your shoulder will ache.
 And in the advocacy group where if you're twins and one of you points at a rainbow,
 then you must apply crushed mushrooms to your face.
 Oh, you would like that.
 No, and the idea is basically rainbows...
 Like, it was there, like, happy unicorns, rainbows and stuff,
 but to a lot of people there are the worldly weird things.
 And pointing is always bad, really.
 You shouldn't point at people or things.
 Right.
 If you do point at a rainbow for long enough, you will get a sore shoulder.
 That's true.
 They're quite a femoral thing, though.
 I think that you're right.
 They almost never last long enough that you get a sore shoulder by pointing.
 Does the culture that has pulling an old man's finger have the same thing that we have when you pull it?
 I did luck.
 I mean, we should laugh at these things, but...
 Because it's people and like, it's all, you know...
 It's actually, it's incredibly serious.
 But it is that is objectively funny.
 It is.
 You know, one person who can withstand these extraordinary cold temperatures,
 and he's become quite famous, Wim Hof.
 I don't know if anyone's read that book.
 Yeah, the method.
 The method, Wim Hof method.
 So he climbed to an altitude of 7,200 meters on Mount Everest,
 wearing nothing but shorts and shoes.
 At one point, he had to change to some boots,
 but that was it that he put on.
 He also completed a marathon above the Arctic Circle in Finland,
 close to -20, dressed in nothing but shorts as well.
 Is it pretty...
 Just what tops off?
 Yeah, yeah.
 And he's sort of is able to withstand these things, hence this people doing it.
 It's been just had a lot of controversy about it in recent times,
 because a lot of people have either died or become ill off the back of it.
 But he can do it.
 He demonstrably can do it.
 But according to his biographer, something he didn't get right, was he was swimming in a fountain in Amsterdam.
 And he decided on a Wim, oh, on a Wim, to give himself a brilliant,
 to give himself an enema on the nozzle of the jet in the fountain.
 What?
 Something I believe that he might have done before, but what he didn't know was that earlier that day,
 they turned the power up on the spout itself.
 And as he sat on the nozzle, it cut through his colon and his testines.
 They say like a water knife, it kind of just went into him.
 Yeah, and he had to be rushed to hospital by his son, Michael.
 Why was his sub there?
 Oh, they're hanging out.
 He goes on going to a quick swim and that's in the fountain.
 I just can say, I think that there would be a clue that they'd upped the pressure
 by the fact that the water's going miles in the air.
 But it sounds to me like they upped the pressure.
 The moment it came up was as his bum was never ready.
 Was it the vertical nozzle?
 Yes.
 Was he, was he blasted into the air and sat in a cartoon style at the top of the fountain for a while?
 I'm imagine him and all his mates going to Las Vegas and sitting at the belagio as all the fountain's go up.
 What you can't see in that favor seen at the end of Ocean's 11 where they're all watching the belagio fountain
 just whimper half at the top of them.
 But apparently when he got there, he's so hard this guy.
 You know, he could go up Mount Everest in no top and no shoes or in shorts.
 They didn't know how serious the injury was because he was like, "Ah, tis butter, internal scratch."
 He now has a semi-colon.
 So it took ages until he fainted with pain and then after they did all the stuff on him
 he didn't have any antibiotics during recovery because he's such a hard man.
 Oh, yeah.
 It's not hard to disregard antibiotic term theory is real.
 Sorry.
 I've gone right off him now.
 I was actually with him even in the fountain store.
 Okay, he's a crazy guy.
 He's trying to suppress antibiotic resistance. That's a good thing you probably didn't need antibiotics.
 People should never take them unless they absolutely need them.
 I reckon them half takes like just four of them and then doesn't take the last three of them.
 He sounds like that kind of guy.
 Does he still alive?
 He is.
 Yeah, still going on.
 In that case, I don't think he does that.
 It wasn't everywhere they thought water was good for you.
 So in America, I was reading the 18th century,
 people thought cold water, if you drank cold water, you would die.
 And there was a French guy visiting for the Delphier,
 who said that several people die each year drinking the cold pump water.
 And so everyone started to leave it out to warm.
 And there are printed hand bills distributed everywhere
 and posters put up next to all water pumps.
 Saying, "Do not drink this straight away. Do not drink this cold.
 You must leave this to warm up."
 But he said, "All these teachings are ignored."
 And so, of course, there is death all over the place.
 Again, just not having the experiment time to work it out properly.
 You just think like, "Surely one or two people drank it and didn't die."
 You think?
 And people thought, "What happened there?"
 No one believed them.
 No, I believe them.
 But maybe you got like, you got a random bit of warm water in there.
 Because I've got a tap at home which is so cold that I want to die when I drink from it.
 It's really bad.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, okay.
 That's good.
 Thank you.
 Thank you.
 Yes.
 Somewhere there's a fan listening to our show who's piecing all these very micro bits of detail.
 They've got like a big board tap produces cold water.
 Let's sit there next.
 That's the tap said home.
 Yeah.
 For what?
 The most boring a bit tree ever written.
 Just slowly piecing together who mysterious Murray is.
 That's podcasting.
 It's nice to get to know people, isn't it?
 As you listen to them.
 Oh, yeah.
 There are really no two things about, you know.
 You've got very cold taps and you piss on the shower.
 That's it.
 Did you know that the inventor of the Brooklyn Bridge, I'm going to say inventor, I mean engineer.
 Yeah. Like to wrap himself in a damp cold sheet.
 I guess his name was John Roblin.
 Why did you do the sheet thing?
 No further data.
 Cool. Cool.
 Cool itself down.
 Probably.
 Like people just did used to thing way for your too hot or too cold and that was a massive problem.
 And I guess it is.
 If you've got hyperthermia or a massive fever it is.
 But people thought like, you know, if you were sick you could bake yourself colder or hotter and that would cure you.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 They didn't have cow pull.
 Yeah.
 I was looking at another thing that was happening around the same time in London.
 And this was a man called Banks, who had a horse called Morocco and it had shoes of silver.
 And it could dance to music, count and answer questions and do all sorts of tricks.
 And it once apparently climbed up St. Paul's Cathedral.
 It was really, really popular.
 Everyone in London loved this horse and everyone, whenever it was on display would go and see it.
 And then it went to Italy and he and the horse and the master were both burned on charges of sorcery.
 Oh.
 That's a bad tool.
 It's a risky rum with magic tricks in those days, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 Either you entertain people or you're a witch or a witch or a witch.
 And there are dogs and darren browns both to death in New Zealand.
 One more thing about Formula One is if you play the sound of a Formula One race to a Formula One driver
 and they're blindfolded, they can tell where the track is.
 What is it?
 What corners are?
 They can draw you a track.
 Well, they know because they know the track so well.
 So if they like, if it goes, and then it goes a bit quieter for a bit and then it goes louder and then quieter and louder and then quieter, they'll go that's monster.
 And that's without the commentary, right?
 Okay.
 That's nice.
 I love that there's a great thing you can watch online where Broadway dancers will have to stand in front of the stage and behind them,
 someone is doing one of the dance routines and they have to join the dance routine only by the sound of the steps.
 It's incredible.
 And they get it right so much they're hearing the patterns and then they leap into it and they match it.
 Do you reckon, Dan, you could watch the three of us doing a podcast?
 You'll just see in our mouths moving but you can't hear what we're saying.
 Do you reckon you could sort of join in and jump in at the right time and say the most sensible things?
 Yeah, yeah, I'd be like, "James is right, golf is interesting."
 Actually, yeah.
 Dan never jumps in anyway saying the most sensible things.
 It's sort of a rather than running an aerosol.
 This is how I run my whole game on this day.
 I'm not convinced he's heard anything moves down to the last 10 years.
 Do you know the saltiest big body of water in the world?
 Dead sea.
 Dead sea.
 It's not, in fact.
 It's just really cool things.
 There are a couple of Antarctica that are the saltiest in the world, but you can't swim in them or anything.
 Obviously, because they're an Antarctica.
 But there is a place called Lake Retba in Senegal, which is 40% saltiness compared to Dead Sea is 34%.
 You know how you sink in the Dead Sea, aren't you?
 We've said this before.
 We have.
 The only passenger you reckon you might float in this 40%.
 But my tickets.
 I'm going to Senegal next week.
 You have to find someone else.
 I must find out.
 When you say 40% saltiness, is it 40% salt?
 Yeah, 40% concentration.
 Wow.
 And it's also pink.
 Cool, right?
 Double whammy.
 And you can't swim in it and people go and bathe in it.
 Cool.
 And it's got a special algae that makes it sort of orangey.
 It's one of those ones that says it's pink and all the photos look bright pink.
 And then you read the one blogger who says I went there and everyone's enhanced their photos enormously.
 But still, you can float in it, you know?
 You can walk around in it.
 Very cool.
 That's nice.
 I've been to one in, um, what was it?
 Maybe it was in America where like animals go in there and then they turn to salt.
 You know, where they petrify.
 Yeah.
 But actually, like it turns out it's a bit of a myth.
 Like they die through natural causes.
 And then slowly the salt sort of grows on their body.
 But people say, oh, this, you know, pelican drank a little bit of water and they turn to salt.
 That doesn't happen.
 But still believe this stuff in America.
 It's what we've said.
 I'm not sure anyone really believes it.
 But yeah, they believe a little mad stuff in America.
 And in Britain, I mean, that wouldn't be the craziest thing, would it?
 No.
 They believe today.
 In fact, when I went there, there was like an overlooking road.
 And you could put like your business cards there for some reason.
 People were doing it and I had some fish ones.
 So I put them there.
 So we have a made our mark.
 Great.
 We haven't, I haven't heard from them yet.
 They've wanted to saltify.
 The wife of lots is there.
 Do you know Henry VIII executed all the horses that were too short?
 Is that like a eugenics thing?
 Basically, yeah.
 He decided that the horse stock was getting a bit shit.
 That's early for eugenics as well, isn't it?
 He's a pioneer.
 He is a pioneer in his day and I respect it.
 Not only a tick for the horrific reputation, Henry VIII.
 This is it.
 This is it.
 Last part of entry act.
 The breed of horses act 1535.
 No stallion under 15 hands was allowed to exist anymore.
 And no mayor under 13 hands.
 Which is quite big.
 So it's quite big.
 Not just they die out.
 Just that you have to actively offer your horse.
 There were coals every year.
 It's terrible when I run the part of land.
 I would try and get around it.
 Yeah, you were put three horses in a trench coat.
 Oh yeah.
 I would paint the horse with, is it vertical stripes or horizontal stripes?
 I would make the horse carry around a smaller horse with it.
 Or put the load in and you have to kill off that horse.
 I would hire someone with small hands.
 So the horse cleared the bar.
 Yes.
 That worked.
 Maybe that's why horseshoes were invented.
 Was a little platform shoes for horses to save them.
 They used to look like the spice girls, didn't they?
 Yes.
 Mars was quite important in early Rome, wasn't he?
 And he was associated with woodpeckers.
 Which meant that there was a law against eating woodpeckers in ancient Rome.
 It doesn't feel like a law that would impact many people's lives too.
 Oh, they're so delicious.
 Are they really healthy?
 For all we know, they're incredibly yummy.
 Yeah.
 I doubt it.
 They've got those strong skulls to withstand all the pecking.
 They scramble themselves.
 They're very...
 I think with peckertongs was a thing for a while.
 People would eat woodpeckertongs.
 They're very long, don't they?
 They've got tongs so long that they wrap around their brains.
 Yeah.
 It was protecting the brain in part.
 Sorry.
 I think it is.
 Yeah, yeah.
 I thought you meant woodpeckertongs like as a piece of cutlery
 with which you ate woodpeckers, specifically like you have, you know.
 I would peg a fork.
 Oh, this is Jones' coming round.
 And get the woodpeckertongs.
 Oh, no.
 Oh, what a faux pas.
 I'm just annoying on annoying car noises.
 The car horn, quite annoying now, used to be so much worse.
 So the word "claxen" in fact comes from, was invented for cars.
 Jeremy Claxon.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 We invented it.
 Why hasn't he changed his name?
 You could.
 So this was sort of pre-war, pre-second-mold war.
 Cars had horns that would like claxons.
 So you know the claxon noise.
 It's like, "Woooow!"
 "Awoga!"
 "Awoga!"
 Yeah.
 It was that, but you...
 What was I saying to you guys last week that my grandma always honked the horn when she turned...
 Oh, yeah, yeah.
 It took corners.
 Well, that used to be the rule.
 You'd be fined if you didn't, because there was no other way of knowing when car engines weren't as big.
 And so there were constantly, whenever anyone turned a corner, when everyone was coming up to a junction,
 whenever you were about to park, you beeped your "Awoga!"
 And people hated it.
 It's kind of like the legacy of the man with the red flag.
 Yes.
 A little bit.
 But less annoying, the man with the red flag.
 I don't think I'd mind that as much.
 No.
 It's just a bit like, beep, beep, vehicle reversing.
 So, do you know who the godfather of backing up is?
 Like the godfather of soul.
 Yeah, just like that.
 Do you mean you mean the sound or literally backing up a car?
 The sound that's made when you backup a car.
 The beeping.
 So, when you're reversing.
 So, who's the godfather of creating that sound?
 I don't know what you're asking.
 It's a man called Ed Peterson.
 Oh, it's just about saying him.
 So, he was the pioneer in the West.
 And he may have been beaten to it by Matthew Saburo Yamaguchi in 1953.
 But, Peterson noticed, he was working at a dam, a construction project, a huge construction project.
 And he noticed, gosh, people keep being killed or injured when really heavy vehicles reverse into them.
 If only there was somewhere, and he said that the flag men were just not doing their jobs.
 And that was the system that weirdly, you know, like waving flags around, saying, look out, that system wasn't working.
 I can't believe if you're holding a flag to wave and a person about to get run over.
 Why aren't you also going, there's a car running you over, there's a car on quick and get out of the way.
 I don't know.
 I don't know.
 Maybe they're standing at a distance.
 Probably a union thing.
 Yeah, a union thing.
 If we won't pay the extra for that.
 Anyway, just wanted to give him his credit.
 Ed Peterson.
 All right.
 Do you know who has the best car horns?
 Ooh.
 What country?
 Oh, is there a country where it's, you know, like a hundred pounds, like in juke's of hazard?
 Ha, da, da, da, da, da, da, da.
 Ah, so now you're interpreting it differently to how I mean.
 The best.
 So, by best, it's long-lasting, louder.
 This is an india.
 Yeah, yeah.
 It is an india.
 And the reason is is that because the culture of driving there has a much more emphasis on the beeping when you're in.
 And so they need cars.
 They actually make, like, Audi make stronger, better horns so that they don't run them down with the amount that they're using them.
 Daz.
 They do use it properly in India.
 They use it to tell you I'm about to drive into India.
 You're a danger, yeah, yeah.
 Well, that supplies that incredibly bad drivers.
 They're always using it properly, but they're always using it.
 I think it's just lots of cars.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 And the weight of Cross the road is just to get cracking.
 It's like British kettles.
 They just long, they're long-lasting.
 This is personal anecdote, but.
 British kettles.
 British kettles.
 Yeah, I was just confused by the analogy.
 Well, I'm just remembering because Dan's wife was bought like 20 kettles.
 Yes.
 She keeps buying European ones because they look nice.
 They keep dying because they can't keep up with the British tea consuming out of the kilowatts.
 It's not like, dude, it's just kind of flooding that.
 Did you come across the car that Cadillac invented which had a working toilet in it?
 Oh, sorry, not Cadillac invented.
 One random bloke modified so that he could...
 This was a guy called Louis Mata and he wanted to drive 10,000 kilometers without stopping.
 L.A. to New York and back.
 Right.
 So he must have put the toilet on the driving seat.
 He put the toilet...
 Well, there were a couple of them in the car.
 How long does it take to drive that distance?
 Must be like 10 days.
 Might have taken...
 That would be a thousand kilometers a day.
 Maybe a bit longer than that.
 I think that's quite a bit.
 Yeah.
 Or they'll have to stop at some stage to sleep.
 Well, no, but there were a couple of them in the car.
 So they would...
 They would shift into the driving seat.
 This was in 1952.
 For God knows why he wanted to do this.
 But he'd been in the Navy. He was an engineer.
 And it had a toilet. It had a shower.
 It had a TV, a fridge, and a sink.
 And they were escorted when they were in a town by the local police
 who would help them through the traffic lights.
 So they could literally keep moving.
 Just like a caravan, really.
 Yeah.
 It's just like a caravan, except I love this.
 What's another flaw in this plan?
 We have to let out what you're carrying.
 Nice. He's got a shed load of petrol that's filling out the car.
 You can refuel on the go.
 That's cool.
 That's cool.
 And what if the worst happens?
 You burst a tire.
 Yeah.
 They had a system to change a tire while the car was driving.
 Wow.
 It's so cool.
 As Jack would lift up one tire and this tiny little supermarket trolley wheel
 would take that corner of the car.
 And then his friends would lean over the side and change the tire.
 And then change it back and then you just pop it back up.
 You would be impossible to steer if it's got a supermarket trolley wheel.
 The laziest on this bit of observation of comedy that's ever been made.
 Okay, that's it.
 That is all of our outtakes.
 We hope you enjoyed that.
 You got any comments?
 You got any questions?
 You got any extra facts?
 Why not send them to podcast@ky.com?
 And if they are seen by Andy, they might make their way onto an upcoming drop us a line episode.
 We love getting your emails.
 So please do send them in.
 Do remember the crosswire festival.
 Sixth of July in Sheffield.
 Get your tickets on our website.
 No such thing as a fish.com.
 Otherwise come back in a couple of weeks.
 We'll have another bonus episode ready for you club fishers.
 Until then, goodbye.
 [Music]
