 Hi everybody, I hope you're all keeping safe and well and 99% indoors. I just wanted to let you
 know about a very exciting guest we've got on the show today. It is historian Greg Jenner,
 you'll probably recognize him from his previous appearances on this show or from his own podcast,
 Your Dead To Me, which is sort of a comedy history podcast. He gets fantastic guests on. It's
 really a great listen and he also has a book out at the moment. He has a brand new book called
 Dead Famous. It's about the history of celebrity. I've already started reading it. It's a
 relicking good read. It covers a whole bunch of historic celebrities from the 1700s onwards.
 And if you thought that throwing your underwear at celebrities was a modern phenomenon, then
 don't you worry, it's got historic precedent. You can always use that as your defence.
 You'll find out that and lots more stuff in his book, so that's Dead Famous. Go all to the book
 now, Dead Famous by Greg Jenner. And spoiler alert, you're about to hear about one of those
 historic celebrities in the upcoming podcast. So with that further ado, let's get on with the show!
 Hello and welcome to another working from home episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly
 podcast coming to you from our respective solitary pods. My name is Anna Toshinsky and I am
 sitting here in my home and in their homes we have James Harkin, Andrew Hunter Murray and
 historian Greg Jenner. And once again, we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite
 facts from the last seven days in no particular order. Here we go, starting with you, Greg.
 Thank you very much. Okay, my fact is in 1825, Britain's most famous actor was nearly murdered
 by his own furious audience. Was he murdering a role at the time? No, no, it's quite a complicated
 story. His name was Edmund Kean and he was an absolute genius. He was the greatest actor of the 19th
 century. Still to this day, greatly revered as a Shakespearean actor, but he was an absolute
 bellend. He was just the worst guy. I love him. He's my favourite. He's sort of the star of my new
 book because he, everything he does is just great and bad simultaneously. Such mixed messages here.
 He had been, this was in America at the time. This was his second American tour. It's 1825. He's in
 the city of Boston and previously he'd been there in 1821 and he had basically angered the crowd
 by refusing to go on because they weren't enough people in the audience. He's a bit of a diva.
 And he'd sort of, you know, he'd looked around the curtain and gone, no, there's not enough people.
 I'm Edmund Kean. I'm the great Edmund Kean. I'm refusing to go on. It basically left us sort of
 sour taste in the mouth. The Bostonians told him to never come back. And then in 1825, he comes back
 and he's just come off the back of a huge sex scandal and he thinks he'll run to America and
 get away from the scandal in Britain, but they'll read the papers. So he turns up,
 comes back to New York, they chuck oranges at his head, which is, you know, not too bad,
 but he gets the Boston and 5,000 people storm the theatre and try and kill him.
 Wow. Oh my goodness. 5,000. That's quite a big gig.
 It's huge. That's what I get it out of that. I read that they turned up after the start of the show.
 They do, yeah. His audience was probably several hundred people and then an extra 5,000 sort of
 break down the door, smash their way in. That's kind of good news and bad news, isn't it? Because
 on the, you know, good news, 5,000 more people want to come and see you, but the bad news is they also want
 to kill you. Yeah, they probably weren't paying, I guess. No. And what happened? Did he, presumably,
 he survived, right? Yeah, he does. He throws down his wig, he runs out the back door. He sprints
 up the street and he hides in, I think it's one of the theatre employees houses around the corner.
 And he runs in the door and hides in the linen basket. Oh wow. It's so clever. It's so clever,
 because he's an actor. He's a master of disguise. But for him, just taking off a wig is a disguise.
 You know what I mean? True, but the audience do track him down and they come to the door. But luckily,
 the theatre employees wife is pregnant and it sort of calms them down. I guess she comes to the door
 looking, you know, vulnerable and sort of like, please don't stall my house. And they kind of go,
 "Oh yeah, right then, I guess. I guess we won't murder the English guy." So he gets away with it
 and comes back to Britain. And then, is this right Greg, that then he carried on the torch?
 This is what I love about Edmund Keane. He doesn't really take his subtle cues very well. So yeah,
 he carried on with the tour. Well, it can only get better from that quite low starting point,
 presumably. Well, I read that the rest of the tour, he did Philadelphia, but there were protests.
 And then he did Baltimore, but the night was cancelled when a mob refused to let the curtain go up.
 And then he did Charleston and the crowd loved it. So it was such a, we've all had those tours,
 haven't we? Well, you kind of do Norwich and it's good and then Bristol and it's good and then you
 do Dunstable and you get chased out by a bang mob. And then, Greg, I want to know if this is true,
 right? I read this in a book called Rogues and Vagabons by Vivian Ellicott and they said that he
 then did a Canadian tour and he got really drunk after one of the gigs and then disappeared and
 went to live with some Native Americans. Yeah, he's not true. It's true. He is made an honorary member
 of the Huron Native Indigenous tribe there. They give him a full ceremony and he wears the stuff
 back in London. He wears the sort of the head of the rest and the clothes. He's got a pet lion as well
 which he walks around London with. Is it true that he did the gig and then he just disappeared
 and no one could find him anywhere and eventually turned up in a wig lamp? But this was pig Edmund
 Kean. This was him to a tee. He was famous for vanishing mid dinner party, mid gig. I mean,
 my favourite story before he becomes famous is that he was merely playing Charles II in a play
 and he doesn't turn up for the gig. The theatre manager has to go on in his stead. It doesn't really
 know the lines. The audience start booing because the play is going poorly. The manager is sort of
 looking down at his script trying to read the lines as he is on stage and suddenly a voice
 calls out from the royal box and it's this voice going, "Keep going lad, you're doing really well."
 Edmund Kean and he has drunkenly, he's arranging alcoholics. He's stumbled off to the pub. He's got a
 skin fall. He suddenly goes, "I'm meant to be in the theatre but he can't remember how or why."
 So he's stumbled into the theatre to watch his own play and then what's lovely is that he starts out
 with encouraging heckles and then gradually he starts to agree with the audience that the play is
 crap and starts heckling his own cast mate and is then carried out or forced out by security and
 fired from the gig. He was a minor child star. He played in playoffs, didn't he? He was his first
 role when he was six. That's right. So the thing you should know about Edmund Kean is that he's
 very small and he's very weird looking. He kind of looks a bit like Steve Pashemi. He's kind of
 got these furious features and as a kid he was a brilliant gymnast. So his mum, who was a bit
 of an absent mum but at one point she was in his life, she described to him in the sort of
 plays as a sort of child genius but he was actually a teenager. Basically he was so small
 that he could pass for a child but he was in his teens. So he was briefly famous in his teens.
 Then he had an absolute disaster and was a wandering actor who nearly starved to death on several
 occasions. At one point he and his pregnant wife walk 118 miles from Birmingham to Swansea for a gig.
 They don't have any money and they're sleeping in hedges in the height of summer. She's seven months
 pregnant. Oh, really rough ridges. No one he didn't know how to deal with the enormous wealth when
 it came. It really is. He literally overnight fame, literally overnight. It's incredible.
 But that's a lot of planning to get to, if you know we've got a gig in Swansea in a fortnight.
 Yeah, well you can now, you can buckle your hedges in that bounce back.
 So we should say that Kean was as well as being a bit of a rogue was as you said a brilliant actor
 apparently, as far as we know, right? And I think William Haslop was very impressed with him and sort of
 friend of the show. Friend of the show. Big willy age, yep. Good old willy age. You sort of kick
 started his career, although he was asked to give a review. So I went to see him in, I think it was
 playing Shylock, his first big role. And he was asked to give a favourable review, which I didn't
 realise people do. You sent a review to the theatre, but you'd say yeah, but make it a really good
 review. So Haslop had to be a bit like, look, I was asked to give a favourable review, but I really
 do mean it this time. It's great. But he was particularly good at villains, it seems. I think,
 wasn't he? He seemed to play, he played Richard III very well, he played ERGO, he played Shylock,
 and he played this guy called Sir Giles Overreach, and I'd never heard of this play,
 but apparently it was one of the most popular plays in the 19th century. It's called A New Way To Pay Old
 Dead, and it was written by a contemporary almost contemporary of Shakespeare just after him. And it
 sounds great, it's by a guy called Philip Massinger, and he wrote about 50 plays apparently, and we've
 lost about half of them, and a whole bunch of them we've lost because they were collected by an
 antiquarian sort of book collector, and his cook, who was called Betsy Baker, fittingly, didn't
 realise how precious they were, and used them all as pie baking dish liners, so they were just there
 to line dishes for pastry, and we've lost them. But he was this great, he's not known at all,
 anymore, is he? No, a lot of playwrights of that period actually don't really have a modern
 reputation, it's kind of interesting, but I mean, it reminds me that by a tapestry was briefly used,
 I think, as a wagon covering. I think so, but yeah, I mean several sort of priceless things now,
 you kind of look back and go, there was a brief period where we were basically using that as blue tag.
 And I read, just going back on to Keen, he became very rich very quickly, like you said, then he was
 living in London, so he's living in quite high society, but he also had, he was a bit rough around
 the edges, as we've learned, right? So I read that he, people used to make fun of him because he was
 sprinkled Greek and Latin into the conversation, but he wouldn't really know what they mean, like Delboi?
 Yeah, yeah, and it's one of my favourite facts about him, one of the reasons I love him, and he's
 absolutely my favourite, because on the one hand, he's such an asshole, on the other hand,
 he's sort of man of the people, he didn't speak Greek or Latin, but he didn't let that stop him,
 and so he would go to dinner with his posh friends, Lord Byron and William has let he hang out with
 the king and the princes, and he would stand up and give a speech in dead languages that he couldn't
 speak to people who spoke them, so he was like the opposite of Boris Johnson, Boris Johnson obviously
 speaks dead languages to people who can't speak them as a way of showing off how clever he is. Edmund
 Keen did the opposite, and everyone was like that is not Latin. But what I like is that he would leave,
 he sort of midway through the speech, he'd be like, yeah, this isn't really working, and I don't
 really like these people anyway. My people are my drinking buddies, the wolves, and his drinking club
 were called the wolves, and they were all kind of this rowdy bunch of people he'd meet in the pub,
 and so he'd leave these parties midway through a speech or whatever, it wouldn't say goodbye,
 he'd just go, and he'd be found a week later, comatose in the floor of a pub in Depford, surrounded by
 his drinking buddies. But what's brilliant about Keen is that he was also incredibly vengeful,
 he was such a petty guy, and so he used the wolves as his own personal kind of fan group to go and
 boo every actor who'd ever sort of wronged him, or any stage manager who hadn't hired him, or anyone
 who'd ever crossed him in his entire career, he would use the wolves to go and sit in the front row
 and just boo and heckle the entire play. So cool. Here's a thing Greg that I read, and I want to know if
 this is true or not, so Keen was considered to be the best actor in England, which is true, I think.
 But what that was like was like being a heavyweight boxer, and whenever another upstart kind of actor
 came along, they would challenge you to say, I'm a better actor, and the way they would do this
 is have a contest of a fellow, whoever was the best actor would be a fellow, and whoever the
 upstart is would be Iago, and they would just kind of do this play to try and upstage each other,
 like a heavyweight boxing championship, is that right? Yeah, absolutely right, and you also had
 these two main theatres, the jury lane theatre and the Covent Garden theatre, and you would quite
 often see people mounting the same play at the same time to see who was the better, who was
 the better, which was the third, who would be the better hamlet, and so yeah, it was a very much
 a way of keeping in check who the new kids on the block were. Did you have to, I mean if you were
 trying to decide, did you have to run between the two theatres during the performance to compare and
 compare? The one being on the same night, it would be roughly a similar period, so you know,
 within a few weeks of each other, you'd be able to sort of cook today. Okay, that makes it easier
 for all these people. Yeah, absolutely, sort of flicking over from Channel 4 to Channel 3, you know,
 that's an ITV, but Keen was so jealous and so vengeful that he would set out to try and destroy
 all of his rivals, and so he would do his absolute best to undermine them, he would often
 refuse to act alongside people, he fired any actor who was tall on him, and he was five foot four,
 so that was much active. He fired any actor who was better than him, or any actor who was better
 looking, so much so that famously people would go and watch Edmund Keen act, but they would leave
 before the end of the play, because all the other actors were crap, and he also famously later on
 had a lot of power in deciding which plays would be put on at the Drew Lane Theatre, and he rejected
 500 scripts because other actors had good parts, and he was jealous of them. No wonder people thought
 he was the best actor of his time, no one else was allowed to do it. All these other five foot three
 actors, it's insanely ugly. In fact, it was a great time to be a five foot three ugly actor.
 Tom Cruise would have fit right in. That's mean, he's a very handsome man.
 Okay, it is time for a fact number two, and that is my fact. My fact this week is that it wasn't until
 1913 that we finally figured out how to stop our food tasting like our cutlery. It was just all
 it, everything tasted like metal before that. It all just depended how tasty or for
 so I was sort of reading about the history of stainless steel, which is effectively when this
 revolution happened and being able to taste your food rather than your cutlery, and before stainless
 steel was invented and finally applied to cutlery in 1913, we'd had metal tools obviously since you
 know the iron age, the copper age, things were made of copper and the bronze age, but they all
 are quite reactive with the stuff you put on them. The only thing that doesn't react with the food
 that you're putting on it is gold, but that obviously was out of the reach of your use and your
 knees, so most people couldn't do that. You know when they moved from the copper age to the bronze age
 to the iron age or whatever, did everything just start tasting different? Is that the main thing that
 happens to people who are living there? They're like, wow. It was a revelation. Yeah. Even chicken,
 even chicken, which tastes like nothing, starts to taste completely different. In fact, actually,
 that thing of everything tasting like chicken would have been true back then. Have you ever
 had, have you ever eaten tarantula? Yeah, it tastes a bit like fork. Yeah.
 But it's a really interesting thing, I mean, I made a radio for documentary about this and I got to,
 I was on with a material scientist and we got to taste foods with different types of spoon,
 made of different materials. Who were you on with, out of interest? So it's a show called The
 Origin of Stuff and the scientist is called Dr. Zoe Lafflin. Yes, I was really about her. She's
 great. She's really cool. She makes stuff like, well, she's got a BBC program at the moment where she
 makes her own trainers. She's really cool. And I was also on with Katie Brown, who's the host,
 and a food writer called Be Wilson. And we tried mango and strawberry. Can I just say we always
 harassed what's your favourite dinner party? Guests. I think the four people that you've just mentioned
 there is pretty much my favourite. It was pretty fun. Yeah. Be Wilson, what a legend. Katie Brown,
 love her. Yeah, it was amazing. Show me about the Greg Jenner aspect. I mean, it's a show, I brought it
 down. I mean, I ruined it. But so what was really cool is we tried mango and we tried strawberry yogurt
 and we tried them with copper spoons, silver spoons, zinc spoons and gold spoons. And it's
 amazing. Like the genuinely, genuinely you don't realise how much you're tasting the spoon in the
 apple until you're not tasting it. I did read that eating mango sorbet with a gold spoon is just about
 the best, you know, epicurean treats you could possibly have. Is that true? It does sound really good,
 doesn't it? I mean, it doesn't, it doesn't, yeah. It doesn't sound like you're sloughing it. They don't
 have it at many motorway service stations today. It sounds better than, you know, muller fruit
 corner with a bus ticket. There was a point in the radio show where I stopped talking and I was just
 eating the mango just happily. I just like everyone else was talking about the science and I was just
 sitting there eating all the mango because it was amazing. But what was really interesting is that
 copper makes sweet things much sweeter and it makes other things much more bitter. So savory things,
 much more bitter. It's like vegetables when you eat it with a copper spoon. It tastes really
 metallic and sharp and bitter. But when you did the strawberry yogurt, it tasted incredibly sweet
 as if you'd pour loads of artificial sweetener into your yogurt. What about foods that are bitter
 sweet like chocolate that's 85% cocoa? That'll be really interesting, wouldn't it? I don't know,
 actually. Weirdly, I had some 85% cocoa last night. If only I'd waited 24 hours, I could have tested
 this right now. Right here. Do you have a copper spoon? Yeah, I bring my copper spoon everywhere
 with me. It's in my front pocket. Yeah, a good point. Well, people used to, though, in the past,
 they used to have their own personal cutlery. You'd go everywhere with your own knife and that was,
 with your knife and you'd carry it everywhere and you'd only with your own knife.
 And then gradually people started to do this forks because forks come quite late.
 Didn't people carry it round in sort of cutlery shoulder bags? Aren't there lots of those throughout
 history that, like, could you take your cutlery satchel to a party? How much cutlery are you taking?
 Are you taking your asparagus spoon as well? Yeah, your terrapin fork. Of course. If it's not a
 13-course meal, I'm not going to the event in the first place. So, if this is true about the
 cutlery that you're having, does the phrase, being bored with a silver spoon in your mouth,
 is that a bad thing? Does that, it doesn't, oh yeah, he was bored with a silver spoon in his mouth.
 Everything tastes like shit for him. Yeah. So I originally meant, well, so silver is less
 reactive than most metals, but it's still apparently, and Greg would know, does leave a pretty
 pronounced taste. Yeah, it does, and you really taste it as soon as you then taste the gold,
 which tastes of nothing. And the gold was just amazingly interesting, because it doesn't taste
 of metal, it doesn't taste of anything, you're just tasting the food. Whereas the copper was
 like really, really active, because it's all about the electrons and, you know, the help free,
 they move around. So, gold is inert, but copper conducts electricity really well. So it kind of,
 you just sort of get that activity in the mouth. So you're really feeling all the kind of taste
 abouts going, "Wow, what's happening?" Whereas gold's much more sedate and gentle.
 I mean, you'll make Zoe, Dr Zoe, did say, I think, at the end of this event, which I'm so excited
 to do attended, she said, "You haven't lived until you've eaten off gold." So that's a bit of a blow
 for most of us. Almost everybody, yeah. But should we get back to the actual original fact,
 Anna, the 1913 thing? That's how it really is, isn't it? Yes, yeah, we should talk about him,
 the hero. Do you want to sell us a band? What do you want me to do it? Oh, yes, I guess since I sort of
 brought him up initially, fine. Well, we have a historian here. It's like, you know, why do we have to do
 all the work? Exactly. I figured I could put my face up for God's sake. Right, fine, 1913.
 There's a metallurgist called Harry, really, and he's actually working as all the best inventions
 often came from sort of trying to work on weapons, because really all countries want to pump money
 into his war. So he was working on alloys for gum barrels to try and make the steel in gum barrels
 harder. So he was testing out lots of different alloys, steel alloys, and he added chromium to one.
 And when he was doing this to test sort of how strong it was, he had to etch into it with various
 chemical additives. And he noticed that the chromium was very resistant to these. And the thing is,
 this had been spotted before. So stainless steel is basically you add a certain amount of chromium
 to steel. This had been spotted, but the theory is that the reason Harry really realised how useful
 it would be for cutlery is because he was working in Sheffield. And Sheffield, for many hundreds of years,
 as I'm sure any listeners in Sheffield will know, has been famous as a cutlery manufacturer. So straight
 away, when he saw this material shoved it in his mouth, went, oh, wow, that tasted nothing.
 I can use this because he was working on gum barrels. Would it be fair to say that Harry
 Brielly literally brought a knife to a gun fight, which is in a way what the first world war was.
 That's exactly what he did, and that's what the saying comes from. Yeah, very strong.
 But the interesting thing about Brielly is that he was not the first person to be experimented
 with this. And I think various other countries have claimed their own scientists got their first,
 but he turned into cutlery, which is a huge deal. He was in Sheffield. Yeah, exactly.
 You don't have Sheffield in France, do you? No. We have a leguto.
 And he was quite a socialist, Brielly, wasn't he? And basically, they never painted the invention
 of stainless steel in Britain. So it meant that anyone could make it. And also, any money they did
 make, he wanted to share with everyone else in this company. And his bosses weren't particularly
 happy with that. But they did painted it around the world. So it meant that if anyone made stainless
 steel in USA, Canada, Italy, France, or Japan, they had to get a license from Sheffield to do it.
 So that's how they made all their money. And then eventually, he retired, and he started a charity
 called the Freshgate Trust Foundation, which he said he hoped would help lame dogs over styles.
 Oh, it's good to have an ambition, isn't it? I don't know exactly. I don't know if he was like
 giving legs to dogs or lowering styles. I'm not really sure, but one or the other.
 Are we 100% sure it wasn't a metaphor? Yeah, it feels like it's a metaphor or Harry Styles. Does he
 mean Genshin dogs to jump over Harry Styles? That's really nice. Yeah, it is nice, isn't it? I like
 to think it's not a metaphor, and it's an exact explanation of what he was doing. I think it sounds
 odd. Actually, I believe that, because it sounds, what you need when you've got a charitable
 campaign is a little big thing, they say, or a big little thing, you know, which is where it taps
 into a problem that we all know. So instead of saying, let's solve plastic pollution, let's say,
 let's take this one particular example. So rather than saying, let's just replace all styles
 with gates, which is an impossible dream. You say, let's just help lame dogs over styles, and it's
 achievable. Yeah, it's good. And yeah, that invention doesn't seem to have lasted in the same way
 that Stainless Steelhouse. I don't know about you guys' dogs, but my lame dog's dog can't make it over
 those damn styles. I'm constantly, whenever I see a style, there's a queue of sad looking dogs.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three, and that is Andy. My fact is that ants have a special stomach,
 which is just to contain food, to throw up into the mouths of other ants.
 Isn't that lovely? And then to go down the line, so do those recipient ants, then throw up
 their food into the mouth of other ants. I mean, how many times does food get eaten through the
 recipient ants? I don't know. That's such a good point. You don't want to be at the end of that line,
 do you? Like the human centipede. It's the worst position, I think, is at the end of the ant
 from it line. That's definitely true. It's not quite as bad as the human centipede. In fact,
 the human centipede, if it was the human ant, would be very different. It would just be two people
 sellitaped by their mouths. I don't want to talk about this. I know I mentioned this because it's
 got a weird analogy to human life, but I've already referred it. Go on, talk us through it then.
 Okay, so this is a process called trofil axis, and it's another way of ants talking to each other
 basically. So they make noises, they touch each other, they have pheromones, and they also throw
 up into each other's mouths. It's all liquid to mouth-to-mouth stuff. It's actually, I say that,
 it's not all mouth-to-mouth, sometimes it's bottom-to-mouth, they'll inbib, anal secretions
 are imbibed according to the scientific way of describing it. Yeah, that is a bit human centipede,
 isn't it? Yeah, it is. I know, yeah. But it's very useful because this is a, it has a purpose,
 they're not just doing it for fun. They have information in this stuff they're throwing up, so
 it might contain hormones, and maybe you can feed these hormones to a lover, and it will change
 the way that the lover's life develops. So a lover which receives this kind of vom is twice as
 likely to become a larger work-around. So your whole life can be changed by someone else throwing
 up in your mouth as an ant. I find that amazing. It's like Captain America's super serum. You can
 supercharge you into a supercharged ant. It is. It is basically like that, yeah, and the amazing
 thing about this research is how it was done. So the researchers, they had to collect this fluid
 from the mouths of ants, which were returning to the colony after a while away collecting fluid,
 and they kidnapped them, they anesthetized them, and then they squeezed them very, very gently
 until they threw up this stuff, and they collected 0.34 million of a liter per ant.
 And then had to analyse what was in that. What kind of dexterous, tiny-fingered research should
 they find to anesthetize and then extract this? It's very hard to get a tiny chloroform rag over
 the ants' mouth, isn't it? So if the Ant-Man movie had been anything like the science, then it would
 have been Michael Douglas taking a dump in his mouth and then he saw the superhero. Is this
 going to be a string of superhero references that I don't understand? I'll just laugh along. Do
 you reckon that this stuff that they vomit up could be milked for human consumption if you had enough ants?
 Yeah, I guess it could. I think it's a very much a last resort. I know you're getting to the end
 of your canned goods at this point. Well, we do have ants in this house. Yeah, okay. Yeah, maybe
 the baked beans first. So not the only animals who do this are they who vomit each other's mouths
 for various different reasons. Vampire bats do it, so they vomit blood into each other's mouths,
 which I would argue is one step more disgusting than the ant version. Do you want to do a Batman
 thing here, Gregor? Yeah, absolutely. In order to defeat fear, you must become fear, which means you
 have to vomit blood into your mates. Yeah, it doesn't quite work. They're really sweet, aren't they?
 They do it to strangers or to people who they've just met, basically. Is it like a handshake?
 It is. That has to be a viral nightmare. Yes, exactly. We're not allowed to handshake anymore,
 but we're definitely not allowed to vomit blood into each other's faces. You can't do anything
 these days. But yeah, so when you first meet a vampire bat and you want to be friends with them,
 you vomit blood in their mouths and they gradually raise the stakes as they're worth making friends.
 So you start off with vomiting a small amount of, but it's doing a small favour for someone, and then
 as you get to know and like each other and trust each other, you will end up sharing lots of food
 with the other vampires. It's really sweet. It's cute. I was really surprised that wolves do it. We're
 not talking about Edmund Keen's friends. The wolves drinking love. I bet at some point actually
 Edmund Keen's wolves did throw up into each other's mouths, but also Grey wolves do this, which I find
 very sweet, but they leave the vomit in special piles and then it's for their cubs, so their cubs
 come along and chew it up. When I was reading about this, they do it with blueberries. So you think
 of wolves as sort of tearing apart prey animals, which they do, but they love blueberries apparently,
 so they'll go and pick those blueberries and push, throw them up, and then they're kissing them.
 That reminds me of Pliny the Elder. Do you know the story of the Indian Ants in Pliny's natural
 history? I mean, we all do, but why don't you just tell us anyway? Pliny the Elder is one of
 the great naturalists of the ancient world. He's fascinating. He's really interested in science
 and all sorts of things. He writes his lovely section about ants and how collaborative they are,
 and what they do, and it's really lovely and it's quite accurate, and you kind of read and go,
 that's good, that's right, and then he gets this weird paragraph, and he's like, and in India,
 they have Indian ants, which are giant, and they have the size of foxes or wolves, and they hunt
 and mine gold, and they dig it up in the ground, and they carry it back to their layers, and any passing
 Indian who happens to sort of pick up the gold is torn apart by these giant ants. It's pretty
 terrifying, and modern scholars are like, well, that sounds not like an ant, that's probably a
 marmot or some sort of other creature, but they were convinced in the ancient world that there was a
 sort of race of giant mega ants that hauded gold like dragons. It doesn't sound much like a marmot,
 if I'm honest. No, it doesn't. No, so it's probably a translation error, but it's got a nice bit
 that comes after a long bit about ants being, you know, really interesting animals, and then you get
 to be used. Pliny, he did let his imagination run away with him sometimes, didn't he? Yeah, it's
 a huge, great man. I think it's okay to riff, but the weird thing is that it is weirdly socialised,
 because the theory is that lots of insect colonies, like ants or termites, they basically have one
 collective stomach, and so forager ants deliver food at a rate which depends on how full the
 individuals they encounter before are. So if everyone you come across as really hungry, then forager ants
 kind of raise their game, and food flow rates kind of get matched to how hungry the overall
 colony is based on the information you're taking in. That's amazing. It's really neat. How do you
 spot hungry ants? Do they sort of limp and drag them? Because I don't know if I could tell if an
 ant had lost weight for it. If it's so weak that it can't get over a style, then it's a very hungry ant.
 Forager ants actually self-isolate. Do they? Very, very thoughtful. Yes, they would have been
 absolutely nailing it around this time, probably are. So they'd go out and pick up food from outside
 the colony, and so they're the most exposed to pathogens and stuff because they're in the outside world.
 And scientists find that when they deliberately expose them to a fungus that kills them after
 a few days, if they infect them with it, they'll avoid going back to the nest, and this is even before
 they get sick. They've got an instinct that seems to know they've been infected with a fungus,
 they don't go back to the nest, so they don't infect their friends, and even their fellow forager ants
 will also not go back to the nest, you know, as if they've come into contact with this ant who's
 infected, and they won't go back to the nest, and then meanwhile the nurse ants inside the nest
 will treat deeper and deeper into the nest. Wow, but is it not true that the ones who are self-isolating
 do come out once a week to applaud the nurse. Yes, they were in a little badge. It's very moving
 actually. If you put your ear to the ground, you can't hear it. Another animal that does this
 vomiting thing is honeybees, so if you're living in a honeybee house or hive, as they call it,
 it might get too hot, right? It might get too hot, and so when it gets too hot, what happens is
 some water collector bees go out, they drink a load of water, and then they come back,
 and then vomit it over everything, and everyone. Wow, that's incredible. Yeah, like a hose pipe
 kind of thing. Like a fireman. Like a fireman, yeah, yeah. There is a thing about the nectar that bees
 drink, isn't it, because they drink the nectar, and then they come back to the hive and they regurgitate
 it into honey pots, basically, for the workers in hive. But there's been a study done, I think
 within the last couple of months, saying that the sweeter the nectar is, the harder the bees find
 it to regurgitate. So if it's not very sugary, it's very easy for them to regurgitate, because it's
 not very viscous, it's quite thin, and it takes four or five seconds, so they just, you know,
 they lean over the honey pot, they get another ant to hold the hair back a few seconds, and it's fine.
 But if they've been drinking really, really sweet honey, or really, really sweet nectar, rather,
 it takes about 30 seconds for them to come up, and they basically have to lean over the honey pot
 and straight, they just sit there going, it takes ages to come out. Do you remember when we went to
 John Mitchinson's birthday party a few years ago on all the elves sat in the kitchen and drank meat?
 Oh yeah, yeah. That what you explained there is exactly how I felt the next one.
 We all performed the honeybee ritual later than that, in fact.
 So there's one regurgitating creature, it makes a seriously massive sacrifice, that's the desert spider,
 so she regurgitates food for her offspring as soon as they've hatched. But what she does,
 she eats enormous amount of food so that she can feed it to them, and then it goes into her
 stomach, and then in order to, like she needs to pre-digest it for her offspring, and so her stomach
 properly digests it, and this involves her stomach creating massive amounts of digestive enzymes,
 so that she can throw up enough to feed all of her offspring. And her stomach creates so many
 enzymes and so much stomach acid that it starts to eat her from the inside out as well. So she throws
 up all this food for her kids, and then after about two weeks once they've finished the food,
 her body's been eaten away enough that the kids can eat her as their last supper. That's so
 weird. It's weird, but it's good parenting actually, in a way. Yeah. It's short term peritting,
 because once they've eaten you, you can't do much, you can't take them to the park after that.
 No, you're right, I think the dad really has to step up. That's a bit like,
 have you ever heard of the "Mellified Man" thing? I think it was Medieval Arabia,
 top of my head, people who at the very end of their life, this is a thing you could do, you just
 only eat honey, you just only eat honey, and very gradually your body becomes sort of sweet,
 and then when you died, they would bury you and mummify you, and then many years later on people would
 eat you, and you'd be sweet tasting, and it was sort of a religious thing. Yeah, I was going to
 ask what the incentive is for this. I don't know. I think if you earlier in life got to eat someone
 who was a sort of honey monster lying under the ground, then I would be willing to enter that scheme
 where after my dad's people could do that to me. Imagine if they rebranded sugar puffs with a
 "Mellified Man" on the front of the box, a rotting corpse of a person who once ate honey.
 I'm not convinced that if you ate the, like presumably by this point, quite well decomposed body
 of someone who ate honey for a while before they died, I don't even know if that would taste of honey
 by that point, would it? I mean, did it work? Oh, don't spoil it. It's just going to taste a very
 slightly sweet human carbs, isn't it? I think so. If it depends what fork you're eating it with,
 doesn't it? I've read it. So this is just briefly back to ants. I just want to share with you the
 intro of an article in a new scientist about a particular kind of ant, okay? There's a couple of
 sentences. I think it's worth telling you. The article begins. Suppose you could have sex with your
 brother or sister in the full and certain knowledge that any children will be safe from the harmful
 effects of inbreeding. Would you be more willing to commit incest? The longhorn crazy ant certainly is.
 Wow, that does feel like the journalist has got lucky by finding that ant, doesn't he?
 After he's already written the first two sentences. I mean, I didn't really know it was about ants when I
 clicked on it. I was very disappointed. Yeah, what a start. Open it and would you though? No.
 Yeah, I think that's probably the right answer, isn't it? Probably. Well, queen Cleopatra did,
 of course. She wrote two of her brothers. And she didn't even do that in the certain knowledge that
 she would be free from the damaging effects of insects. On regurgitators, do you remember last week?
 You won't remember this Greg because you weren't here, but Andy, you talked about human ostriches.
 Do you remember? Oh, yeah, yeah. So they would swallow bits of metal and bits of glass and so on
 like that. And the modern day version of that, they have the solid swallowers, but also you have
 regurgitators. So on Britain's Got Talent a few years ago, there was someone called Stevie Star
 who could swallow a Rubik's Cube that was mixed up and then when he regurgitators it was all solved.
 No. No way he couldn't. No throat is big enough for a Rubik's Cube. It was a small, it was a small
 well. This makes tying a knot in a cherry stalk look like really child's place. Okay,
 which do you think would be harder? Learning how to solve a Rubik's Cube with the inside of your
 stomach or learning how to swallow two Rubik's Cubes, one pre-solved before you do the show.
 Yeah, and then so a lot of people think I've read a lot of forums about it and a lot of people
 think that maybe he did your trick, which is having two Rubik's Cubes inside him and one of them
 comes out, but then a lot of people who do this kind of regurgitation, they think, well, you know what,
 maybe it is possible to do that. No way. And he definitely does, but he definitely does other tricks
 with his regurgitation. Apparently he learned his skill when he was a child and he swallowed his
 pocket money so no one would steal it. Wow. Nice. And then when he brought it back up, it was what,
 a different denomination of chocolate? He's like a bureau de charge. That's amazing, James.
 I don't really know. I don't. Did he not win? No, he didn't win. What? That's an amazing talent.
 There's no justice. No. Who won? Some singer. Probably about that dancing dog. But in fairness,
 do you remember that dancing dog in fairness? It could get over styles, so quite skillful.
 In terms of the guy who the human ostriches, did you talk about Polly Fagus, Nero's?
 No. So, Emperor Nero, according to Setonius, the Roman writer, talked about Nero having a kind
 of a pet man who was probably a slave, but we're not quite sure. And he was known as Polly Fagus,
 which is Greek for all eater, eats all things. And he would eat anything, including humans alive,
 apparently. You could throw him a human and he would eat the human. How big was Polly Fagus?
 Well, apparently he was a very large man, and he was sort of a glutton or a gourmand who would eat
 anything at all, and he would devour. He sounds like a very large man with big claws
 who hyenas every win such to me. Well, so that is that's one of the actual interpretations
 of the story to like. Are you sure it's not a bear? But, yeah. So, you know.
 Pet man, I'm trying to work out which is a worse thing to be a slave or a pet man. Both are very bad.
 It does sound like a very bad euphemism for a slave person, isn't it? He's not a slave, it's a
 pet man. It's awkward you don't understand of that, and because that is what your wife calls you
 when she refers to you, but unbelievable. Okay, it is time for our final
 fact of the show, and that is James Arkin. Okay, my fact this week is that ancient Egyptians had artificial
 egg incubators, but they didn't have the monitors, so they measured the temperature of the eggs by
 holding them to their eyelids. It's really nice. Why? Isn't that lovely? So, very quickly on this,
 Egypt has been famous for a long time for its egg ovens, and they have been going back
 from at least the late period of the new kingdom, which is 500 BC onwards, and we know that because
 Aristotle wrote about them. He said that the people in Egypt make eggs that are hatched spontaneously
 in the ground by being buried in dung heaps. And then 200 years later, there was another historian
 called Diodorus Siculus, sorry Greg, I don't know how you pronounce that, and he also said that these
 egg hatching was really amazing that the Egyptians did, and then throughout history, you get loads of
 people writing about what great egg hatches the Egyptians are. And I was reading an article about
 the modern day egg hatches in Egypt, and they said that they still use all the old techniques,
 including this way of telling if it's too hot, which is they put them next to their eyelids,
 because that's one of the most sensitive parts of your body is. And apparently it's still done
 today, and they've been doing it for 1000s of years. I had no idea that it was still happening today,
 that's very, very cool. Yeah. Yeah, it's not amazing. Wow. And it's extraordinary the ability to,
 I guess, they were mass producing egg, because what's interesting is that chicken eggs were not eaten
 in Egypt for like all the foreign egg period, you know, so when you're thinking of pharaohs and
 tombs and pyramids, they don't have chicken to tall, and then they were introduced, as you say,
 about 500 BCA probably, and then they went mad for them. They were like, yeah, we love eggs,
 it's brilliant. They're producing tens of thousands of them. So like I say, it wasn't ancient, ancient
 ancient Egypt. It was just before the Romans. Yeah. I mean, we're tensed, yeah. I would argue that
 is ancient Egypt, depending on where you're looking for them, which is now. This is the problem with
 ancient Egypt, is that ancient Egyptians were aware of themselves as an ancient culture. So they
 were ancient Egyptian pharaohs who did archaeology on ancient Egyptian pharaohs, which is amazing,
 they were kind of... And this Herodotus used to travel, apparently he traveled to Egypt to go and
 look at the ancient stuff. So an ancient Greek philosopher and writer went to Egypt to go and look
 at the old stuff, which is quite cool. Yeah. And so, yeah, and everyone who went to Egypt or wrote
 about the Egyptians always seemed to mention these amazing egg buildings, which they used to make their
 eggs. So in the 18th century, there was a French scientist called René Antoine, first show,
 called René, and he said that Egypt should be more proud of its hatcheries than of its pyramids.
 Fair enough. Real more, actually, who, yeah, he was one of the people who went and reported on them.
 He, I love him, because he's the guy who almost gave his paper, but then didn't. So he was a guy who
 got mainly an entomologist, and he studied paper wasps, and he suddenly looked at paper wasps,
 and he said, "Oh my god, these guys are chewing up wood into pulp, and then mashing it together to
 make paper. Guys, we should do this." And he wrote that in a paper, which wasn't on paper, ironically,
 for people ignored it, and then they didn't, we didn't figure out how to make the paper that we
 know today for about another hundred years. So, I've always loved the idea that wasps were making paper
 for just thousands of years before we forget it out. Yeah. What did they do with it, though?
 Good point. They're not writing ulysses, are they? They never call, they're never right.
 But he's one of the brilliant men of this 18th century. There are lots of some fantastic
 French scientists at this period, sort of milling around being quite fencing clever, and he was an
 entomologist, but he had all sorts of interest. But what was really fun about him is that he was
 really fascinated by birds as well as insects, and he used to advise King Louis XV as well, who was
 the King of France after Louis XIV, and Louis XV to go back to eggs. Louis XV was really into his
 soft boiled eggs. He really enjoyed them, and he would have them every Sunday, and he had an
 ability to swipe the top of the egg off with a single blow of his fork, like a little execution thing.
 Which point was Louis was this? Louis XV. So, pre-Revolution.
 Pre-Revolution, 17th. There's a bit of irony there that he was able to do that.
 Yeah, absolutely. He could, he could guillotine his egg with a single blow, and people would gather
 to watch the King eat his Sunday egg, and the valet would announce it by hushing the room and saying
 the King shall now eat his egg, and then everyone would go quiet, and then he would do a little swish
 thing to capitate the egg. And some people in the audience started thinking, yeah, that's a good idea.
 Can I just say, like, I don't want to put myself as some kind of amazing French King, but I can
 chop the top of an egg in one swish as well. No, you can't. I can't. What I'm saying is it's not
 exactly swallowing a Rubik's cube, as far as skills go, isn't it? That's not great. No, you're right.
 I do essentially, France has got talent. It was a much less good job.
 By James, can you do it in front of an audience? Because that's where the pressure is. It's like going
 on, you know, a quiz show. We can all answer stuff, you know, in our lounge, but when you've got
 people watching, that's when the pressure's on. You're absolutely right. You're so right, I would
 almost certainly freeze on the pressure. And also, you specified that he was doing it with a
 fork for God's sake. This was in the early days of forks. People barely knew which way around to hold
 them and he's decapitating eggs. Okay, fine. He nailed it. Yeah. Did you see a few months ago, archaeologists
 found some Roman eggs, 1,700 years old. They were chicken eggs that have not been opened,
 and they'd been deposited as part of their sort of an offering to the gods. And they accidentally
 cracked them, and the smell was intense. Wow. 1,700 year old rotten egg, really, really intense,
 sulfur-y smell, pretty for long. I have eaten 100 year egg. I don't know if anyone else has
 had that. Wow. That's what it's called. Like in Chinese cuisine, they call it the 100 year egg,
 but actually, I think it's just a very slightly gone-off egg. Or something. They could get in some way,
 then it smells a bit sulfurous, and it tastes a bit kind of bitter, but I don't think it's 100 years old.
 It's not dated back to TV season time. Okay, no. No, you've got a supply issue. I mean, you've got this case.
 But yeah, I can only imagine what the 1,000 year old, or 2,700 years old, yeah, it's from the
 I think 4th century, so I think a couple of the eggs, they didn't crack. So they've got two preserved
 Roman eggs, and then I think they broke a couple. Those must be the oldest, extant, hen's eggs in the
 world. Surely. There can't be any older than that. I don't know. I've not asked around, but it's
 pretty good. Because one of the eggs, one of the eggs in the world will be the oldest one, won't you?
 That's just maths. It's true. I don't even know if that's maths, you know. That's philosophy.
 Philosophy. With the Romans, super keen, because it's weird when you look at the popularity of
 eating chicken, it really didn't become the meat of choice. It wasn't particularly popular meat
 until the last couple of hundred years, maybe I think people ate such a wide variety of bird.
 But the Romans were quite into chicken, right? Yeah, they were. I mean, they also had sacred
 chickens too. So there's that famous story of Claudia's pulcare, who was a Roman general, a
 naval general, and he was just before a battle. He was going to do the thing called augury,
 or I think the word is ornithomancy, where you're trying to fortune tell using birds, and what he did
 is he put down some corn for the bird to eat, the chicken to eat, and the hope would be that the chicken
 would eat the corn, and that's a good omen for your battle. And the chicken didn't eat, and all the
 soldiers on the ships were freaking out. They were like, "Oh, my God, we're going to lose the battle."
 And so Claudia's pulcare, he freaked out, he picked up the chicken, and he threw it over the side
 and said, "Maybe it's thirsty." And it did not go well. They lost the battle, the soldiers panicked,
 because he drowned the chicken, and there was a sort of inquiry afterwards about doing this terrible
 thing to a sacred chicken. The first thing is there, because obviously the chicken not eating
 has nothing to do with the battle, but in a way, it does, because he threw it over a bar,
 and everyone got worried about it, and there's like a placebo. Yeah, it's a morale issue. Yeah,
 it is a placebo effect. It's kind of funny. So the Soviet Union tried to incubate some eggs in space,
 and it worked, eventually. They brought quails, because they're kind of smaller than chickens. A lot
 easier to have a quail in a spaceship than it is to have a chicken. So they had a problem,
 and that was when the chickens were born, or when the quails were born, they couldn't eat or drink.
 And that is because if you get a quail, when it's born, it can't lift its head up, because it's not
 strong enough, but that's fine, because all its food is on the ground. And if it wants to eat is on
 the ground, so it just kind of lies there with its head on the ground and eats and eats and eats
 it eventually gets strong enough to lift its head up. But in space, of course, you don't have the
 gravity to bring the head down to the ground, so its head and neck were just kind of floating around
 in the space, and it meant that they couldn't feed. So if you put some food down for the quails,
 they couldn't eat it. And so the cos... Well, doesn't the food float? Exactly. Can you not lift the
 food to the level of the floating quail? You can, and that's what they did, but they had to do it
 every two hours. And these cosmonauts had other things to be getting on with. They couldn't just be
 feeding the quails every two hours. No. And so eventually, unfortunately, the quails cracked it.
 Did they actually? Yeah, they did, but then they tried it again a bit later, and they made tiny
 little hammocks for the quails, which were all in the exit place, and then they could hold the food
 in place as well, and so they, the next lot were fine. I had pet quails when I was young. Yeah,
 cos I'm allergic to cats and dogs and other animals, and my dad was like, "Get you a bird,
 but we don't really want a bird in the house, so we'll get you some quails." So I had some quails
 in the garden. Did you try all the animals until you settled on quails? It feels like you tried
 cats allergic, tried dogs allergic, tried marmots allergic. Yeah, I tried Indian ants, they were
 feral and furious. They tried to steal my gold. And then I tried a pet man, but he tried to eat me.
 We ended up with quail. Yeah, I'd sad that he actually, my brother, who is a very small at the time,
 he crushed the quail eggs in his hand accidentally, cos he didn't understand his own strength,
 and so that was the end of our quail kind of, like, Lenny from a mice and men, or whatever. Yeah, it was.
 It was a sort of sad moment. Quails and men is a slightly more reparked version of a mice and men,
 it's a bit middle-class, isn't it? Okay, that's it. That's all of our facts. Thank you so much for
 listening. If you want to get in touch with any of us about anything that we've said on this show,
 or about anything else in yours or our lives, then you can contact these guys on Twitter, James
 Your Honor, @JamesHarkinAndy @AndruHunterM Greg @Greg_Jenna And Greg, your new book is called Dead
 Famous, where can people get it? In case they don't understand how to buy books.
 These days, buying books is actually quite hard. So, yeah, I mean, Waterstone is a good place,
 independent book shops lovely, Amazon have got it. The audiobook is me reading it, and people seem
 to quite like it, so that's a nice way to get it. That's safe and rent if you cheap. So, yeah, it's a
 history of celebrity, it's quite funny, and it was surprising, I hope. So, yeah.
 Amazing. Go and find out more about Edmund Kean, and it's crazy ways. If you want to listen to any of our
 old episodes, you can go to KnowSuchThingsAffish.com. We have just put up the whole first year and the whole
 second year, for free, so that's 104. That was the maths there. Old episodes that you can go back and
 listen to now. Thank you so much for listening this week, and we'll see you again next week. Goodbye!
 [Music]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
