 (upbeat music)
 - Hello and welcome to another episode
 of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast.
 This week, coming to you live
 from the London Podcast Festival.
 (audience cheering)
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I am sitting here with Anna Tyshinski,
 Andrew Hunter Murray, and James Harkin.
 And once again, we have gathered round the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days.
 And in a particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, and that is Anna.
 - My fact this week is that researchers have concluded
 that cats don't like cat people.
 (audience laughing)
 I'm really sorry.
 - What a cat. - Scientifically speaking,
 the more you like cats, the less they like you.
 - But I would say I have a cat,
 and I wouldn't say I'm a cat person.
 And my cat definitely doesn't like me.
 So could it be that cats just don't like any people?
 - Sometimes they're just good judges of character, James.
 But this, it's actually not that.
 So this is a study that was done
 at Battersea Dogs and Cats Home
 with a bunch of universities involved.
 And it got 119 different people to interact
 with a cat in a room.
 And then it looked at various things
 about the people, like their personality type,
 they're kind of neurotic, are they agreeable people?
 You know, you fill in a questionnaire
 and say all that stuff about yourself.
 And it asked them, have you ever owned a cat?
 How long have you owned a cat for?
 Do you like cats?
 Turns out the best predictor of how much a cat
 is gonna like you is the number of years
 that you've lived with a cat,
 but they're inversely proportional.
 (audience laughing)
 Yeah, the more, and people would like say,
 you know, I'm really good with cats.
 It's the people who are self-professed cat knowers.
 - Well, the thing I was reading is that a lot of it
 is about cat people, people who like cats,
 cat people.
 - So, good clarification, sorry.
 - Just in case you all thought we were talking
 about half cats, half person.
 (audience laughing)
 - Really annoyingly, that's all my research.
 (audience laughing)
 - Well, I think this was the study.
 It found that they touched the cats
 so-called red areas more when left alone with cats.
 Red areas are things like the, please,
 the-
 - We all went to that HR meeting, Andy, we know.
 (audience laughing)
 - The base of the tail, or the belly.
 Apparently, the hairs on the belly are really sensitive,
 and so a big old belly rub will,
 I'm sure the cats vary from cat cats, but-
 - They don't seem to, with the red areas.
 It's just the belly and base of the tail that are red,
 and they really seem to have crossed the board dislike.
 The rest of the cat is yellow area,
 like traffic lights.
 - There's no green area.
 - There's no green.
 - I thought green was under the chin.
 - You're absolutely right.
 - Yeah, I mean, I read it.
 I didn't-
 (audience laughing)
 Yeah, they love a little tickle under the chin, and-
 - And the cheeks, and the base of the ears.
 - Yeah.
 - But yeah, that's basically it.
 The cat people are too tactile with cats,
 and also this study found that their interaction style,
 they want to control the interaction,
 whereas cats really dislike that.
 So they prefer to be the ones who approach you.
 They only want to get touched.
 If, you know, they've initiated it,
 they've said, "All right, come on,
 you can touch me now."
 And this isn't what cat people do.
 And similarly, older people, cats tend to like them less
 'cause older people, sorry, but usually cat people.
 (audience laughing)
 It's the old cliche that, you know,
 it's always the person in the corner of the room
 who's ignoring the cat that it goes to.
 It turns out that it's true.
 - Yeah.
 There's been a recent study as well
 that says that they recognize their names, cats,
 but they're just, they don't want you to know
 that they recognize their names.
 (audience laughing)
 So this was people at Sophia University in Japan.
 And they played a load of noises,
 including the cat's name that was said by the owner.
 And then as soon as their name was called,
 they saw their tail move almost imperceptibly.
 They just very slightly moved.
 Some people think that that's because
 they recognize their name,
 but other people think, well,
 it's just something they kind of associate with food.
 So you might as well be shaking a box of cat food
 and do the same.
 - I feel like all of these cat studies
 are dancing around the fact that cats are dicks.
 None of the scientists want to say that cats are dicks
 because they know that if they say cats are dicks
 in the abstract of their paper,
 then they'll get in trouble with cat people.
 So here's another one.
 Again, they didn't say cats are dicks,
 but I think we can all agree the implication.
 When you own a cat,
 it will not side with you against your enemies.
 Okay, that's bad.
 So there's this experiment.
 Basically, you get a cat and the cat observes its owner,
 struggling to open a container of something, right?
 And then the owner would request help
 from an actor, a stooge sitting there by,
 and either the actor did help or didn't, right?
 And then later on, that actor,
 whether unhelpful or not, offered the cats some food.
 The cats were completely agnostic
 about whether they took the food or not,
 whereas dogs would frequently refuse food
 from the person who'd been a dick to their owner.
 Cats were not like that.
 Cats were totally neutral,
 but it is possible that they're too stupid
 to understand the play
 that they've been put on for their benefit.
 Wow, yeah.
 Speaking of dicks, this study...
 That is definitely a red area.
 So this study that I mentioned
 was done by a bunch of universities,
 the two Nottingham universities, in fact,
 and also the Royal Brackets Dick,
 Clothes Brackets School of Veterinary Studies in Edinburgh,
 and that's its name.
 The Royal Dick School of Veterinary Studies in Edinburgh.
 It is named after a person called Dick,
 so it's usually abbreviated to "The Dick Fett."
 So it sounds like it's a real specialty vet.
 And it was established...
 It was established in the 19th century
 by a vet called William Dick.
 And before you say anything, James,
 there's no evidence he ever shortened his name to Willie, OK?
 Willie Dick.
 Never did he go by Willie Dick.
 Good. Very nice.
 Have you guys heard?
 This has blown my mind,
 and I can't believe it's not bigger news,
 but there's an app out now called Meow Talk.
 Have you heard of Meow Talk?
 Everyone listening, everyone here, everyone watching.
 If you have a cat, get Meow Talk.
 It's an app that translates what your cat is saying to you.
 And I swear to God, this was done with scientists,
 and if you read the reviews,
 it sounds like it's actually genuinely
 picking up what the cat is saying.
 So this was a New York Times article
 that was written by Emily Antheys,
 and she was saying she tried it out.
 And there's basically what they break it down to
 is different sounds of the cat get matched to certain terms.
 So they can tell by the tone, the pitch, the length,
 and so on of the meow in order to say,
 roughly, they are saying this.
 So she first used it, and the cat meowed
 after, I think, eating something,
 and it translated as, "I'm happy."
 She was away from home, and she came home,
 and the cat purred as she got in.
 And her app said, the cat says, "Nice to see you."
 Like, oh, come on. Absolutely.
 This had so many reviews.
 I swear to God, this is a real thing
 where they think that that is happening.
 But then it's also got, like, weird little terms
 that it uses as well.
 So there was one time that she went to the cat,
 and the cat went, "Meow."
 Which translated as, "Just chilling."
 (audience laughing)
 This is not true.
 Okay, stick with me, guys.
 It's, so they've got, the other terms they've got is,
 there was another time that she came in,
 and the cat went, "Meow."
 Which went, "My love, I'm here."
 Which is the word that it used.
 - Is there another one where you kind of get at,
 and it goes, "You should upgrade your membership
 "to a premium account."
 - If you read all the reviews of the app,
 that's unfortunately, they get a lot of one-stars,
 because the first meow leads to,
 "You need premium membership
 "to understand what your cat is saying."
 But the best one is, she lifted her cat off the ground once,
 and she was moving it somewhere,
 and the cat went, "Meow."
 And that translated on her phone as,
 "Hey, baby, let's go somewhere private."
 (audience laughing)
 But this is real.
 We can now talk to cats through meow talk.
 - I've never been more convinced
 you've been completely duped.
 And now it's saying something.
 Have you guys heard of Caden Griffin?
 - No, no. - So,
 he's relevant to this field of study.
 He is an American teenager, sixth grader.
 He, last year, he was in the sixth grade,
 which I think is about 12, 13 years old.
 And it's from Tennessee.
 And last year, he became curious
 about how often the objects in our home
 are touched by cats' bottoms, okay?
 If you own a cat, you might think,
 "Oh, is the cat rubbing itself on everything I own?"
 So, he, being a scientifically-minded child,
 ran an experiment by putting lipstick
 on his cat's bottom (audience laughing)
 then studying the home for where lipstick was popping up.
 What an amazing-- - And where did it end?
 Not his toothbrush. - It's not on his lips.
 (audience laughing)
 Just his toothbrush day after day.
 (audience laughing)
 It's really good news for owners of long-haired cats.
 There's basically no lipstick anywhere
 at the end of the trial period.
 Short-haired cats, there's a little bit on soft furnishings,
 but, you know, in general, it's okay.
 - Okay, yeah.
 - Do you know that outdoor cats are banned in Housavi
 in Iceland, which is the town
 where they did the Eurovision movie?
 - Oh, cool. - I don't know if you remember that.
 - Beautiful. - And there's actually
 a few places, also a place called Acuriri,
 where they're just about to ban them,
 and they'll be banned in 2025.
 But to try and stop that, there was a guy
 called Snorri Admondson, and he started the cats party,
 and in the recent local elections,
 they got 4.1% of the votes.
 - That's not bad. - This is just
 cat people in Iceland.
 They beat the pirate party,
 who actually, a pirate party, quite big in Iceland.
 - Yeah, they were. - Yeah, they were.
 - Like a few years ago, they were, anyway.
 And a lot of the candidates for the cat party
 said that they were expressly running on behalf
 of their cats, because the cats were ineligible
 to vote or run for office.
 - Oh, hey.
 - I dread to think the kind of genuine bastards
 we'd have in charge if, actually,
 we voted on behalf of our cats.
 - Yeah, yeah, exactly.
 I'm gonna have to move us on very soon.
 I've got a quick story about someone who doesn't like cats,
 and that is Andrew Lloyd Webber, hang on.
 Who apparently was so annoyed and so angry
 with the recent movie Cats, that after seeing the movie,
 he went out and bought a dog.
 He was just, he was so angry, right?
 But then he fell in love with this dog,
 and it became a really great thing,
 and that he was traveling a lot overseas.
 So anytime he got on a plane,
 he tried to bring the dog with him,
 and the only way you can really do that
 is claim to be an emotional animal,
 like an emotional support animal, right?
 So that's what he did.
 So he said, "I rode off and said I needed him with me
 "at all times because I'm emotionally damaged,
 "and I must have this therapy dog."
 He said, "The airline rode back and said,
 "can you prove that you really need him?"
 He said, "Yes, just see what Hollywood did
 "to my musical cats."
 And a note came back saying, "No doctor's report required."
 (audience laughing)
 (upbeat music)
 It is time for fact number two, and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that if you take 50 generations
 of Confucius descendants and read out their names
 from oldest to youngest, in it it will reveal a secret poem.
 - Ooh.
 - So this I find really interesting.
 This is the story of Confucius.
 Confucius basically has the Guinness World Record
 for the longest unbroken lineage.
 And I happened to make friends quite recently
 with the 79th generation descendant of Confucius.
 He's a guy who lives in London called James Kong.
 And the Guinness World Record has recognized
 that basically for thousands of years,
 the Confucius family have been charting their family tree
 so consistently, so tightly, that we know
 who everyone is inside the Confucius family.
 And there's two million of them.
 So every 60 or 70 years or so,
 they update the big database of all the descendants.
 And in 2009, one book, which was broken up into 80 volumes,
 weighing over half a ton was published,
 having every single name of all of the descendants,
 both living and dead in there.
 And James Kong is almost the closest that we get
 to a direct descendant that's alive.
 Now the reason that their names would reveal a poem
 is there's a beautiful thing that they do in China.
 Certain families do this, which is a generational name.
 And a generational name means that all the families
 can know which generation a child is from
 by inserting a key word into their name.
 So what they do is they write a poem
 and the next generation just takes the next word
 in that poem.
 So you can look at that poem and you can go,
 "This is the 79, 78, 77, 76."
 So if you're out and about and you meet someone from China
 and you also name and you hear a key word,
 you can go, "Oh my God, it's a descendant of Confucius."
 - That's really cool. - Yeah, which is really awesome.
 - And do we-- - You know this poem?
 - Yeah.
 - Does the next generation have to make up the next line,
 like improv game or something?
 - No, yeah. - Like consequences.
 Confucian consequences. - Yeah, exactly.
 - So it's a word at a time.
 As far as I know, it loops back onto itself once
 because you're not gonna have 50 generations alive at once.
 So you're not gonna get confused.
 - You're not gonna get confused.
 - Yeah.
 - Yeah, isn't it?
 - It's a really good joke.
 (audience laughing)
 What's really nice is that back in the day,
 Confucius was a very prominent person in China
 and his descendants, therefore,
 were almost like a class of their own.
 So if you knew that someone was a descendant of Confucius,
 there would be things like tax breaks
 when they were buying houses or something like that.
 Yeah, and then it all went tits up
 when the Cultural Revolution happened
 because Confucius then became a sign
 of something that Mao Zedong and so on didn't want.
 So basically, they lost everything.
 The main bloodline of Confucius had to flee to Taiwan
 and it became hard times for all of them.
 But now it's better again and this one family
 handed the reins over to James's family.
 But when James goes back, he lives here.
 He's a very normal guy.
 In China, he goes back.
 It's like in coming to America
 when Eddie Murphy goes back to Zemuda.
 It's like everyone's bowing and kissing his feet.
 And yeah, he's a big deal back in China.
 But the thing is, if anyone has a grasp
 of how numbers work, there are shitloads more
 than three million descendants of Confucius out there, right?
 I mean, I think everyone in China
 is probably directly descended from Confucius.
 But if you go back, even,
 I think we'll descend it from Genghis Khan.
 So this is just people who have managed
 to get the paper trail to prove it.
 - Yeah, basically, yeah.
 Wait, am I descending from Genghis Khan?
 - I think you might.
 I mean, there's a little bit of gray areas
 'cause how much immigration happened.
 We don't really know, but yeah.
 - Your family never left Wimbledon
 for five million generations, did they?
 No.
 And Genghis Khan didn't make it to Wimbledon.
 - Imagine that.
 - We'd have been furious if he'd made it.
 The lawn, the lawn, darling.
 They've damaged the lawn.
 I'm gonna go and say something.
 I'm gonna go and say something.
 (laughing)
 - That's what thwarted him in the end.
 He couldn't handle the British passive-aggressive attitude.
 (laughing)
 - Can you imagine, though,
 Genghis Khan, if we have a crack time travel
 and the descendant to go back to meet him is Andy.
 (laughing)
 Hello, James.
 - I think he'll be quietly impressed.
 - Would he?
 - Yeah.
 - It's a warlord.
 - Yeah.
 - Yeah, I think he'll say,
 "I see, he's got soft skills, and that's important."
 (laughing)
 - Famously soft skills is something
 that Genghis Khan made.
 (laughing)
 - That's just not Confucius.
 - Yeah.
 - Confucius was,
 I didn't realize how unsuccessful he was in life.
 He was incredible.
 - Ouch.
 - He basically, he became important about 100 years later.
 During his life, he was not listened to at all.
 Nobody took up his ideas for a century at least.
 And he, I'm kind of not surprised.
 This main book is, I think it's called The Analect, is it?
 Yeah, and it's not by him, it's anecdotes about him.
 So it's like fun stories about Confucius.
 - And the Confucius says it's a kind of term
 that came out of it.
 - Exactly, yeah, yeah.
 But he didn't charge any of his pupils,
 or his students, and he was teaching philosophy.
 All he requested from them was a symbolic bundle
 of dried meat.
 - Oh.
 - But I can see why he's priced himself out of the market
 at the wrong end, basically.
 So I think you're not going to be respected
 if you say, "I want one pepper army,"
 and I will then tell you the secrets of the universe.
 - Exactly, you would probably go
 for the second cheapest option, wouldn't you?
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 He had 3,000 students, and only 72 managed
 to pass master all of his teaching.
 So that's quite a high bar, isn't it?
 - Yeah, that's impressive.
 - But the Analects, there are two versions of the Analects.
 One's called the Lou version, and one's called the Chi version.
 And really exciting.
 - Is the Lou version, that's the easy reading,
 big, funny jokes in it?
 (laughing)
 - You've got five minutes, get the Lou version, yeah.
 - Well, the Chi version was long lost,
 but really excitingly in 2015, we found the copy
 in the tomb of Emperor Liu He, and he was one,
 he was like a really, not a great emperor.
 He was dethroned after 27 days,
 which is the shortest reign of any of the Han emperors.
 And the reason he was kicked out
 is because he was like debauchery, a terrible lifestyle.
 There was like a period of mourning,
 and during that time, he bought a special kind of chicken
 and had lots of sex.
 - With?
 - No, no, no, with concubines, with concubines.
 - It is better, it is better than chicken.
 - It's better than chicken, isn't it?
 - I do think so.
 - It is better than chicken.
 - And he's still thinking.
 (laughing)
 - Well, anyway, he was punished by being given
 a small fife of 2,000 families who would pay tribute to him.
 - Wait, he was punished by being given tribute?
 - Well, he was, and his subordinates were all executed.
 - Oh, bloody hell, yeah.
 - Why was that, sorry, 'cause that does sound nice to me.
 - He's going from being an emperor
 to just being in charge of a couple of thousand families.
 It's like, we're gonna take off
 the main responsibility for you.
 - I guess.
 - And then, it's like how if I was in charge of something
 and then you guys demoted me,
 so I was only in charge of holding Sharpies
 for after show signings.
 That would be, for example, just an example, just an example.
 - Do you remember that show a couple of shows go
 when we didn't have any Sharpies?
 - Got the Sharpies?
 Yeah, that was awful, I'm still sorry about that.
 - He's, just when I read his story,
 I thought that we're kind of parallels
 to Tutankhamun, because in the same way
 that Tutankhamun's grave was found, virtually intact,
 I know there was a grave robbing,
 but it was because he was kind of wiped
 from the records, wasn't he?
 He's sort of, no one knew to loot his.
 Kind of like this guy as well.
 His tomb, where they found this Confucius reference,
 was kind of untouched, because he was sort of
 wiped out from history as well, yeah.
 I think so, yeah.
 - So go to all the irrelevant people's tombs.
 Let's go to Tim Farron's tomb and see what's there.
 - He's still alive, I don't know, he was just.
 - But he might as well be dead.
 I think that's what you're saying.
 I don't even know who he is, who are we talking about?
 (audience laughing)
 Who is he?
 - Speaking of politics, as we were, Dan.
 - He's a politician, he's a politician.
 - You're gonna say you don't know
 who Joe Swinson is next?
 (audience laughing)
 - It's a politician.
 - They're all alive though, I feel bad.
 - Sorry, Joe, sorry.
 - All right, so speaking of politics, Confucius,
 like Andy said, not that successful when alive,
 but he was the minister for crime.
 He was basically the pretty patella of his day.
 (audience laughing)
 - She's a politician.
 (audience laughing)
 - And so he was working for a juke.
 It was like a jukedom, and he was in charge
 of sort of punishment and crime and stuff like that.
 And he fell out with the juke, apparently,
 and wandered for 12 years after he fell out with the juke.
 And apparently the reason that he fell out with him
 is he was at a sacrifice, and the sacrificial meat
 was being offered around, but he wasn't offered any.
 And so without taking off his sacrificial bonnet,
 he left the country.
 - He loved meat.
 (audience laughing)
 That's the main thing, I'm getting time and again.
 - I've got a data point to add to this.
 When he was, so he wandered for 12, 13 years
 trying to get people to listen to him, no one did.
 So he went back, became a politician again,
 and he was quite successful as a politician, to be honest,
 just not spreading his ideas.
 But he transformed the town that he was a counselor of.
 And the way he transformed it, I read, mainly,
 is by ending the adulteration of meat.
 - Gosh.
 - Wow. - He's just
 the sausage king, and he just happens to have,
 this is amazing. - Incredible.
 - He once said that the main goal of life
 is to become a man of virtue, which is,
 there's a word for that, junzi.
 I'm sure I'm pronouncing it wrong, but it is about education,
 it's about compassion, it's about observing ritual.
 But if you don't succeed, that is also a chance
 to gain virtue.
 And he said, "Is not a junzi one who stays unruffled,
 "though men ignore him?"
 (audience laughs)
 - Anyway, I've got another fact over here.
 (audience laughs)
 - It's a blessed moment.
 - If you compare him to what other people in, let's say,
 Europe were doing at this time and saying,
 basically philosophers were, they were quite pro-war,
 they're pro-pride, they're pro-patriotism or your city,
 there wasn't much chat about compassion and kindness
 and generosity, and he was much more about all of that,
 which was about 2,000 years ahead of where anyone else was.
 He was quite crap on women, which is a slightly annoying
 thing about him. - Yes.
 - He did think that they were like a different species,
 really, or not, like a different social class.
 There was one moment where he met a leader who said,
 "I've got 10 very good ministers working for me,"
 and Confucius looked at them and went,
 "Well, one of them is a woman, so you've only got nine."
 But look, I know.
 - Confucius canceled 2,500 years later.
 (audience laughs)
 - We all made mistakes.
 - I've just got some stuff on family trees,
 if you wanna hear me. - Yeah, yeah.
 - So a couple of very long family trees,
 possibly almost records compared to Confucius,
 the Lurie family, some people think that's the longest
 in the world, according to Dr. Neil Rosenstein,
 who wrote a book about it, they can trace their lineage
 all the way back to the Biblical king David.
 - Ooh. - Okay.
 But in the Bible, it says that David was begat by Jesse,
 who was begat by Obed, and their booze,
 and their salmon, and their nascent,
 so I don't know why they stopped there,
 'cause we know who came before them.
 - Oh, I see, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - And then the only other family that could be around
 the same is the House of Solomon,
 and they claim to go back to the Queen of Sheba.
 That's the Imperial family of Ethiopia,
 and we know who the latest on that line is.
 It's someone called Zira Yakob,
 who was the second African to ever go to Eaton College,
 who ever go to Eaton College,
 and in the '90s, at the last time I could find him,
 he was living in the Rastafarian community in Manchester,
 and according to the legend,
 his family looks after the Ark of the Covenant,
 so Indiana Jones could have just gone to Russia.
 (laughing)
 - What a downer that movie would have been in.
 (laughing)
 - All right, you're coming over there,
 looking for your Ark of the Covenant.
 (laughing)
 I love you, mate.
 (upbeat music)
 - All right, look, I need to move us on to our next fact.
 It is time for fact number three,
 and that is Andy.
 - My fact is that there is a two-headed tortoise
 in Switzerland whose two heads prefer different foods.
 (laughing)
 - And here he is.
 - So people at home, their pictures just come up
 on the screen.
 - Yeah, Andy didn't have them in his pocket.
 (laughing)
 - Yeah, Janus is his name,
 named after the old god with two faces,
 that's facing different ways,
 and he's 25 years old.
 He's just turned 25.
 He was born in, and still lives in Geneva,
 'cause he's quite slow-moving
 and he hasn't managed to leave yet.
 - Hopefully in about 50 years he'll be in Zurich.
 - Yeah, exactly, yeah.
 This is all from a great piece,
 just about a million other times, by the way.
 And he lives in the Natural History Museum,
 and he sounds like a great guy.
 I mean, he really, he has a wonderful life.
 He has--
 - Can I just ask?
 With it being two heads, should you not say "they"
 rather than "he"?
 - I agree, they need two names,
 like Janus one and Janus two maybe.
 - Yeah.
 - Okay, well, just rip up these notes then.
 (laughing)
 Well, they, no, you're right,
 'cause they have different personalities,
 and you're right, yeah, yeah, all right.
 Well, anyway, between them,
 these two little guys, who share a shell,
 they have a skateboard, which I love.
 - Today! - Yeah.
 Isn't that cool?
 - That is really cool.
 - Did they, someone gave them that, right?
 They didn't go out to make their way to the shop,
 didn't they?
 - They didn't made it themselves?
 - Yeah, he or they get a valium rubbed
 on their heads every day.
 - What?
 That's nice. - Vaseline.
 - Oh, yeah.
 (laughing)
 Yeah.
 - Oh my God, you do not want to get those two mixed up.
 - So, I've got valium here,
 but I think I just wrote that
 as a kind of wishful film and thing.
 (laughing)
 - They have Vaseline because their heads
 bump into each other too much.
 - And why would valium prevent chafing,
 as I've also put in the notes?
 This is why you're always in so much pain, I've been telling you.
 (laughing)
 I'm depressed, but I'm incredibly smooth.
 (laughing)
 - Yeah, and also, he does have a lot of,
 or they both have a lot of issues
 in terms of general lifestyle.
 So, they're 25 years old.
 These tortoises can live for quite a long time.
 If they were in the wild, they'd probably be dead by now.
 One of the ways that tortoises, as we know,
 survive in the wild is if a predator comes in,
 they can back up into their shell.
 But there's only space for one of the heads to go back in.
 Which would just leave the other one hanging out, yeah.
 - Unfortunately, he's got a skateboard,
 so he can make good his exit.
 - I was just thinking, maybe if they cover him in Vaseline,
 he might be able to slip in there.
 (laughing)
 - They chuck valium at the predator, they might be able to.
 - Well, he's, this is a mutation, right?
 Where you have two heads instead of one.
 If it's a mutation, then that means,
 'cause he's 25 years old now, it means we have all missed
 the time when there was a genuine teenage mutant hero
 tortoise owning a skateboard.
 - Oh my God, yes.
 - No, anyway, he was 25, so he's now a mid-20s.
 (laughing)
 - He's a bit old for a skateboard, really, 25, isn't he?
 - Yes, definitely, yeah, yeah.
 - On the skateboard, it's not putting one foot down
 to propel itself, right?
 It's just someone's pushing it.
 - I think his helpers are pushing him around, yeah.
 - Yeah, 'cause I visited the embalmed body
 of Jeremy Bentham, and they said,
 oh, he's got a skateboard, and I saw the skateboard.
 It's not a skateboard, so.
 - Hang on, I mean, he's definitely not riding
 that skateboard, why has he even got that?
 - Oh, 'cause when he rides out of his box
 to get vacuumed each year,
 they need to get him across.
 - But actually, doesn't he have two heads?
 Jeremy Bentham.
 - He does have two heads?
 - He does have two heads?
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - He has, like, his real head is hidden away,
 and he's got, like, a fake head.
 - The white sort of a wax head, 'cause, wow.
 - Oh my God, we've blown this right open.
 - Yeah.
 - Two-headed tortoise.
 - Jeremy Bentham is a tortoise?
 (laughing)
 - And so what, they just skate him out to Hoover him?
 - Yeah, when transporting him,
 they put him on what they call a skateboard.
 I imagine it's the same with--
 - To be honest, I didn't know that they Hoovered
 Jeremy Bentham once a year, as in, that's--
 - We've mentioned that in the show, I think, yeah, yeah.
 They have a little vacuum and they Hoover him, yeah, yeah.
 Anyway, tortoises.
 (laughing)
 So, yeah, so Janice is a tortoise,
 and it is quite rare, but if you go online,
 you can see lots of tortoises that have two heads.
 - Probably the second most common animal to have two heads.
 I think snakes are slightly more common,
 but yeah, if you're gonna get any animal with two heads,
 if it's not a snake, it's probably a tortoise.
 - Snake's all over the place,
 by Kefley, as it's called, one in 100,000 snakes.
 That's loads. - Yeah.
 - And, again, they never really lived that long
 unless they're in captivity,
 because, partly because of this whole,
 the heads argue with each other thing.
 So, in snakes, it's a serious problem.
 If they, like, one head will fight with the other for food,
 and they'll end up, kind of, no one gets it,
 and they'll exhaust so much energy fighting
 with each other that they starve to death.
 - And what's crazy is, it goes into the one stomach.
 - Well, it depends.
 Some of them have two, some of them have one, but yeah.
 But the ones that have one, yeah,
 exactly the two heads will be fighting, not knowing,
 never having studied anatomy and realising.
 - So sad, 'cause it feels like they could,
 lady in the tramp, all their meals.
 - Yeah.
 - And that would be very charming.
 - But I know, 'cause I think that is incest, isn't it?
 Definitely.
 - I think something else has to happen for incest.
 - Really?
 - It's not.
 - Yeah, that is hard.
 - Yeah, but the thing about that is--
 - Wait, just kissing is not incest?
 - Dad's interested suddenly.
 (audience laughing)
 - We've found a very interesting philosophical question,
 which is, if a two-headed snake has a wank, is it incest?
 (audience laughing)
 - What is it using to have a wank?
 (audience laughing)
 - That's plenty of tail there, I think.
 Could do the job.
 - Oh, puts the tail, oh god.
 - Yeah.
 (audience laughing)
 - The other thing we have these snakes--
 - Do they have dicks?
 We need to take it to the dick vet to find out, I guess.
 (audience laughing)
 - So, snakes, tots, there's Tasmanians
 with the other people with two heads.
 (audience laughing)
 Commonly.
 Apparently, there's a thing.
 In the olden days, there's a thing in Australia
 that all Tasmanians had two heads.
 - Really?
 - And the reason being that they had a problem
 with a deficiency of iodine.
 And so it would often have goiters.
 So people in Tasmania would often have goiters.
 - What is a goiters?
 - So a goiter is like a, it's a growth on your neck.
 And it can get really big,
 and it can almost look like a second head.
 But actually, what would happen is,
 they would have some surgery,
 and so they would have like a scar on their neck.
 And then during the war,
 a lot of Tasmanians would go to the front line
 and they'd meet Australians and they'd say,
 "Well, where's your other head?"
 'Cause they saw a scar, thought that a head had grown there.
 - I used to-
 - I believe these days, it's not so common
 to be iodine deficient in Tasmania.
 - Cool.
 - And it probably wasn't a hundred percent.
 But I do think the ones that did it,
 'cause they are Aussie, so they've got a sense of humor.
 I assume they drew a face on their goiters.
 (audience laughing)
 - Good point, yeah.
 - Went around freaking everyone out.
 - Good eye, mate.
 (laughing)
 - That's true.
 - There's a, I found this through a QI, actually.
 In 2019, a two-headed rattlesnake called Double Dave
 was born.
 Do you know why he's called Double Dave?
 - 'Cause it's got two heads.
 (audience laughing)
 - No, he was found by two scientists called Dave.
 (audience laughing)
 - That's amazing.
 - You know, Nicholas Cage?
 - No.
 - Who's that?
 - He was Min Campbell's predecessor
 as leader of the Lib Dems.
 No, he was, Nick Cage, he once spent $80,000
 on a two-headed snake, because he'd had a dream.
 He dreamed of a two-headed eagle, which you can't get.
 And so...
 (audience laughing)
 - So he went on eBay, it's a two-headed eagle.
 - Exactly, yeah.
 - And this is why it came up.
 - Yeah, weirdly, you can't get a two-headed eagle,
 as in no one's ever seen a two-headed eagle,
 even though it's the symbol of loads of countries,
 and it's a big thing, and that just doesn't happen
 as far as we know.
 Anyway, and he got so freaked out
 that he gave it away to a museum,
 'cause they fought, and he said,
 "I had to put a spatula between the two heads
 "to feed them."
 (audience laughing)
 - Is that where he got the idea for face-off?
 (audience gasping)
 - It's quite a different plot, but they're...
 (audience laughing)
 - But you know, once these Hollywood types
 rework a script, they re-write it.
 - Yeah, it's very different.
 - I'm gonna have to move us on very soon.
 - What?
 - So you can get Janus Katz, Katz with two faces,
 which I think is the correct use of the term Janus,
 'cause Janus had two faces, not two heads.
 So I actually think that their tortoise here,
 they fucked up.
 - Miss Noma.
 (audience laughing)
 - Well, it does have two faces as well, in fairness.
 - Yeah.
 - Okay, it does have two faces.
 You're right, but it's not how you'd describe it, is it?
 If you were saying that tortoise has got two...
 - He can't look forward into one year
 and look back into another year.
 - Exactly.
 That would be so shit if you had a two-faced tortoise
 and one of the faces just looked backwards
 into your shell the whole time.
 (audience laughing)
 - Janus and Anus, I guess.
 (audience laughing)
 - Hey, how 'bout us?
 - Well, that's just Anus.
 (audience laughing)
 Lovely lipstick, Anus.
 (upbeat music)
 - It is time for a final fact of the show,
 and that is Janus.
 - Okay, my fact this week is that Jagermeister
 was originally drunk to stop people from feeling sick.
 (audience laughing)
 - How many do you have to have?
 - It's about 12.
 - Okay.
 - So no, it was originally a digestif.
 And in fact, some Germans still call it liver glue.
 And the idea is that you would take it after a large meal
 and it would settle your stomach.
 And it was always taken at room temperature,
 and that was the only reason you would have it.
 And it was invented by a guy called Karl Maast.
 And it was his nephew, Gunter,
 who came up with the idea that you could take it cold
 and have it as a social drink and get hammered with it.
 - I hadn't thought of it as something you had cold.
 Just whenever you have Jagermeister,
 you are so unaware of the temperature of the drink.
 (audience laughing)
 - Excuse me, can I set back this Jagermeister, please?
 It's a few degrees off.
 (audience laughing)
 - I think it's corked.
 (audience laughing)
 But yeah, Jagermeister, invented in Germany
 by this guy called Kurt Maast.
 He was a son of a vinegar maker,
 and he decided he would go into liquor.
 So he invented loads of types of drinks.
 Burning Love was his biggest one
 until he came up with this 56 herb recipe for the Jagermeister.
 - Do we believe the 56 herbs in?
 'Cause they sort of are open about 10 of the herbs.
 But then they claim that it's definitely 56,
 but the rest are all secret.
 - And it's secret, isn't it?
 - They've got a chief bartender.
 He's called the Brandmeister at the moment.
 His name is Willie Shine, and he says that he,
 come on, grow up, guys.
 (audience laughing)
 He says, Willie Shine says he is legally only allowed
 to discuss 11 of the 56 ingredients.
 - Wow, I know.
 - So does that mean if you ever talked to him
 about licorice or something, he's like,
 you can't say anything?
 - Yeah, he's like a one-man guess who,
 but instead of guessing a person,
 you're guessing ingredients again.
 - Isn't it amazing, though?
 'Cause I know, I guess back in the day,
 Coca-Cola has the secret ingredient.
 KFC, you know, the secret ingredient.
 Like, these days, are you allowed to get away
 just saying there's a magical something in there?
 No, I don't think you're allowed to.
 - No, I'm gonna not allergy a secret ingredient?
 Get the fuck out!
 (audience laughing)
 - But it's still allowed, right?
 - Yeah, it's still allowed.
 I guess, maybe alcoholic drinks seem to be a loophole.
 I've never looked the back of a bottle of--
 - No one has ever read the back of a bottle of Jägermeister.
 (audience laughing)
 - Yeah, it was quite sort of a stiff,
 like a drink for kind of stiff types, wasn't it?
 Before it was loosened up.
 It was basically well-to-do German people who drunk it.
 And then, I think it was in the 1970s,
 there was a businessman called Sidney Frank,
 who realized in America that the only people
 drinking this thing were these well-to-do German
 kind of immigrants.
 And for some reason thought,
 "I reckon I can make this huge."
 And he completely transformed its reputation.
 He hired a lot of Jägerets.
 And Jäger dudes, I think, came later.
 Jägerets are scantily clad women
 who tend to be just rolled out
 whenever you need to sell anything in life.
 But he sent sort of a scantily clad Jägerets
 around the bars of the U.S.
 And it went huge.
 - Yeah, and one of the things that he did
 was kind of spread rumors about Jägermeister.
 So there had actually been a guy who had been up,
 I think for attempted murder or something,
 and he said that he'd had something
 called liquid valium, actually.
 - Stop it, he actually had solid vaseline.
 - It was solid vaseline.
 But then later on, a bar in New Orleans
 started selling this Jägermeister
 as if it was called liquid valium as a publicity thing.
 So it was like maybe it had caused this murder
 or this attempted murder.
 - Sorry, just on the Jägerets thing very quickly
 before we move on from there.
 I was once in a bar in Budapest
 and someone came around,
 sort of young woman came around who was,
 she was like a kind of Jägeret,
 but she wasn't selling shots of alcohol.
 She was selling carrots.
 - And really?
 - And I've got one.
 - And it was like, it was like a quid for a carrot,
 which in the supermarket,
 I know which in the supermarket is crazy,
 but next to a glass of wine,
 you think that's a good, that's an investment,
 isn't that reasonable?
 - Yeah, yeah, absolutely.
 - And I swear to God, that was the best carrot
 I had ever eaten.
 It was like, it was about a foot long.
 It was clean, it was crunchy.
 - Was it shaved?
 - It had been, it was shaved or peeled, as we call it.
 (audience laughing)
 - Oh yeah, that's the weird one.
 - You better quid for a carrot.
 - I don't regret it for a second.
 And I looked around the back,
 every other man in the room had also just standing there
 with a carrot.
 - Wow.
 Genuine, I've never seen this in any other bowl
 or any other country or anything like that.
 - That's because it was one-off.
 I have no question in my mind
 that you were part of a scientific study
 setting out to prove that men are so stupid,
 they will literally buy anything at any price
 if an attractive woman sells it to them.
 (audience cheering)
 - Unbelievable.
 - So what?
 So what?
 Apparently I'm also a mug
 when the Sprout Girl came around a couple of minutes later.
 (audience laughing)
 That was a fucking lovely Sprout.
 It only cost a fiver.
 (audience laughing)
 Jägermeister, the word itself is, it means master hunter.
 And it's really interesting, the story.
 So if you look at a Jägermeister bottle,
 you'll see there's a stag on it.
 And in between, there's a Christian cross
 going across it, the crucifix is there.
 And sometimes it's depicted when you see pictures
 of where he took this idea from
 with Jesus on the cross itself.
 And what it was was it was a guy
 who eventually became a saint, Saint Hubertus.
 He was out and he was hunting
 and he suddenly saw a stag come around the corner.
 He was meant to be in church, but he wasn't.
 And he saw a stag come around the corner
 and the stag had a sort of crucifix, just a cross,
 in between, glowing through its horns.
 And he had this sudden conversation with this stag,
 where the stag was like, dude, what are you doing?
 I was thinking of the Jäger dudes there.
 I assume that's how they talk.
 Where he basically said,
 you need to be more ethical in your hunting.
 You need to make sure that if you're gonna kill a stag,
 it's one that's older or maybe sickly.
 I would do it, you know.
 And he sort of introduced ethicalness into it.
 So he became a saint, Saint Hubertus.
 He's the patron saint of hunters, mathematicians,
 opticians, chicken roasters.
 I couldn't, could you find any evidence of the chicken roasters?
 'Cause I just couldn't find any evidence of where that came from.
 It's a bit left field, isn't it?
 It's sort of just, it was left over and they weren't like us.
 What is a chicken roaster? It's not even a thing.
 But rotisserie, you see,
 something that's used as a counter at the supermarket,
 which has a rotisserie.
 You just always thought, if you're a saint in the chicken roasters,
 you'll be a saint of just all the meat roasters.
 No, Andy once paid 20 euros for a rotisserie chicken.
 That was an error, yeah.
 Another thing that he did was cured rabies.
 Oh, yeah. Oh, wow. Yeah.
 What just sort of, what, people are animals,
 'cause both can get it.
 Both can be cured by Saint Hubertus.
 Oh, great.
 Saint Hubertus' key,
 which is a key that I think priests would keep them, wouldn't they?
 And sometimes normal shops would have us in Hubertus' key.
 And you would, it was like an iron bar and you heat it up.
 It's like a defibrillator in a, you know...
 It's exactly like that, yeah.
 The effect of what you were doing was
 you were heating up the key and you were branding the person with the key.
 So if they were bitten by a dog that might have rabies,
 you would immediately heat up the key, put it on.
 And the idea is that the burning would sterilise your...
 Well, I think the idea was that it was a magic key.
 Yeah, the idea was that it turns out that actually it might have worked
 because of the sterilisation of the heat, it's possible.
 And you would have cauterised the wounds,
 so no bacteria could have got in, so it might have worked slightly.
 They got lucky.
 It's always one in 1,000 of these bullshit magical cures happen to also work.
 Yeah.
 Um, Jägermeister, back to that.
 Yeah.
 Jägermeister do not like Jägerbombs.
 Yeah.
 Who does?
 Just for the streamers, there was a gasp in the room.
 They can't believe it.
 So Jägerbombs is a Jägermeister from Red Bull
 and you drop one in the other and it's great.
 And so they didn't invent it.
 And I think they have slightly distanced themselves from it.
 The Jägermeister firm, they say they have to promote responsible drinking
 and the marketing director, who's a woman called Nicole Goodwin,
 she said, "You will never see us actively support or promote Jägerbombs.
 That's very much driven by our customers."
 And they recommend you have it with ginger beer.
 And a carrot.
 And a nice...
 They've signed up to the apartment group, haven't they?
 The apartment group is a thing that encourages responsible drinking
 that a lot of, sort of, alcohol companies sign up for.
 But they have admitted that it's helped.
 So they don't like it, but, you know, they're not going to stop you from doing it, I think.
 Yeah, right.
 So I mentioned Gunther Elio, who was a nephew of Karl Maast.
 And he, in the '70s, came up with an advertising campaign, which was one for all.
 So like Hannah said, it was quite an upper-class kind of German drink.
 But he wanted to get normal Germans drinking it.
 So the idea was it would be a poster and you would have a normal German
 and they would just look like it could be a man, a woman, a young girl, or anything.
 But it'd be completely unknown.
 And they would say, "I drink Jägermeister because."
 And then it would give an excuse.
 So...
 A reason?
 Reason, yeah.
 An excuse is a bit different, Lee.
 An excuse is what you have to say the next morning.
 I drank all that Jägermeister because, yeah.
 Well, for instance, I drink Jägermeister because, as a teacher,
 I have to go to school my whole life.
 Oh, that was one of them.
 That's so good.
 Yeah.
 One of them was, "I drink Jägermeister because my husband always calls me Erika,
 even though my name is Heidi."
 (LAUGHTER)
 These were genuinely adverts for Jägermeister.
 That's incredible.
 There's just one more thing.
 The factory that makes Jägermeister is in...
 It's on Jägermeister Straus, weird coincidence, in Wulfenbüttel in Germany.
 And an independent journalist went to see what goes on there
 and stayed in the Jägermeister guest house,
 where you have Jägermeister in the mini bar, obviously.
 And he went to visit Jägermeister HQ
 and you're told that you're not allowed to take a phone in
 because the alcohol fumes in there are so thick
 that they might spark an explosion, apparently.
 Well, a literal Jägerbomber.
 (LAUGHTER)
 OK, that is it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 (APPLAUSE)
 If you would like to get in contact with any of us about the things
 that we have said over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @SrivalandAndy and @AndrewHunterF.
 -James. -James Harkin.
 -Anna. -You can email podcast.qi.com.
 Yep, you can go to our group account, which is @NoSuchThing
 or our website, @NoSuchThing is a fish.com.
 All of our previous episodes are up there.
 Do check them out.
 Also, check out the link to the new Improved Club Fish.
 It's got all... Thank you, yeah.
 It's a very exciting place.
 We've got lots of bonus content going up
 where we dick about behind the scenes
 and just think of new fun things to try out.
 Also, it's ad-free, so if you want that, get that.
 Otherwise, just stay here if you're listening at home
 at this very same place that you get us,
 because we'll be back again next week.
 London Podcast Festival, thank you so much for having us.
 That was awesome.
 (APPLAUSE)
 We'll see you again. Goodbye!
 (APPLAUSE)
 (MUSIC)
 (APPLAUSE)
 (MUSIC)
 (APPLAUSE)
 (MUSIC)
 (APPLAUSE)
 (MUSIC)
 (upbeat music)
