 [MUSIC]
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish,
 a weekly podcast this week coming to you live from Perth.
 [APPLAUSE]
 Right in the dark, I'm sitting here with Anna Tyshinski, Andrew Hunter Murray,
 and James Harkin, and once again, we have gather ground on microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days.
 And in a particular order, here we go.
 What are they putting the water here?
 Starting with fact number one, and that is Andy.
 My fact is that if you run a restaurant,
 one of the best ways to sabotage a rival is to get them a Michelin star.
 It's the kiss of death.
 It's the kiss of death for a restaurant.
 This is so cool.
 So this was a study that was published in the Strategic Management Journal.
 Basically, the author tracked down restaurants that had been awarded a Michelin star recently
 and found that they are likely to close over the following however long it is.
 Let's say a year.
 Do we know why?
 Yes, we do.
 You become famous for a start.
 Oh yeah, that's terrible.
 Your customers change.
 People start coming from hundreds of miles away because you've got a Michelin star, you know.
 They get more demanding.
 You match their demands, you do fancier food, costs rise.
 Chefs want their salaries to go up.
 They're likely to leave because they've got the golden aura about them now.
 The whole thing is a disaster, and you're likely to end up shutting down.
 It's like a resource curse, basically.
 Yeah.
 So yeah, and it happens.
 And then once you've got one or two, everyone chases the third,
 and that's when it gets really dangerous because it gets incredibly expensive.
 So restaurant owners have started rejecting them, saying we don't need this in our life.
 We don't need to be seen as good.
 We're fine.
 Well, they're not allowed.
 Well, they officially weren't allowed to, were they, until quite recently?
 You can't reject a Michelin star?
 Well, I think what Michelin said for a long time, because Marco Pierre White,
 I think was the first person in the '90s to say this is bullshit.
 Can't take the pressure.
 Take it back.
 And they were like, it's not yours, it's the restaurants, mate.
 You can't give it back.
 But I think they did make an exception.
 Finally, there's a guy called Sebastian Bra, who ran Le Souquet,
 and he just hated having a Michelin star so much that eventually Michelin said,
 "It is difficult for us to have a restaurant in the guide which desperately does not wish to be in it."
 So they did agree to remove it for the first time.
 But it is the pressure, isn't it?
 And the fact that you don't know, and I didn't realise this, but you don't know why you've got it.
 You don't know it's coming, and when it appears in the guide,
 there's not like someone right through a view explaining here are the elements of your dishes that we enjoyed.
 And as you say, you overturn your menu.
 So it could be that the reason you got it was for that amazing slice of white bread as you enter.
 And once you ditch that from the menu straight away, you're nothing again.
 That's the thing.
 You don't know that someone is in your restaurant judging you for the Michelin star.
 But not only that, people who work at Michelin don't know who those people are as well.
 The top level, they have no idea, right?
 Yes, you get hired. Someone within the company obviously brings you in to do it.
 And you're out on the road for so many weeks per year.
 I used to work as a secret restaurant person.
 Out. You were a Michelin star?
 I'm allowed to talk about it now because it's been so long.
 But for quite a long time, you're not allowed to say anything because...
 Are you serious?
 Well, I'm half serious.
 What?
 Yeah, the start of it was serious, and then it went into whimsy quite quickly.
 You used to work?
 I did use to work as a person who went round restaurants, sort of, seeing how good they were.
 For Michelin?
 No, for Michelin. No, for just some company in Bolton.
 The Michelin of Bolton. What were they called?
 I can't say.
 James, we'll have to wipe all of your memories on the way out now.
 Can I just say, I like some of the amazing things that they have on the menus.
 So, Muggeritz in San Sebastian in Spain has edible stones sitting atop an edible mould.
 Wow.
 Does that sound nice?
 No, it doesn't.
 OK, well, Quince in San Francisco, they have a meal which is served on an iPad.
 It's a truffle meal, and then it comes on the iPad,
 and then there's some beautiful sort of stuff on the iPad that you can press and stuff like that.
 Is it wet?
 Like a little wet meal on the iPad.
 I suppose it's a little bit moist, but not wet enough.
 These days, you know, iPads and iPhones are quite waterproof, aren't they?
 Where do they put a cork up the...
 Excuse me?
 The entry port.
 The port.
 Maybe they put it in plastic, I'm not quite sure.
 Has he had that, James?
 No, I haven't had any of these. These are old places I want to go to.
 So, Brose in Lecce in Italy, they serve a ricotta foam served in a plastic cast of the chef's mouth.
 Wow.
 OK.
 Now, you have... Have you read the review of Brose,
 which is the greatest thing you'll ever read,
 and it is on a blog called everywhereist.com,
 and it does talk about Brose.
 It's 27 courses, lasts almost five hours,
 and basically you don't get any food, seemed to be the conclusion.
 Because actually the chef's mouth is closed when it gives a new...
 The mouth just eats the meal before you can get to it.
 So they serve things like frozen air that's suddenly melted before they could eat it.
 Nothing is bigger than a tiny, tiny teaspoon.
 There was one moment in like course 19 where one of the women said,
 "She got excited because they put a little drop of sauce on the plate."
 And then she thought, "Oh, they'll put a piece of meat on top."
 And then the waiter comes by with an eye dropper
 and squeezes a droplet on top of it and says,
 "We've infused these droplets with meat molecules."
 Is this a positive review?
 It's unbelievably negative.
 So much so that the owner of the restaurant actually replied,
 and you know on TripAdvisor, sometimes someone leaves a bad review
 and the restaurant owner replies underneath and you think,
 "Don't get involved, mate. What are you doing?"
 And this guy replied with a drawing of a horse underneath which he said,
 "This is a drawing of a horse. It doesn't make me an artist."
 And it went on and on into more and more beautiful analogies.
 What is art? What is food? What is a chef? What looks beautiful?
 Someone who owns a restaurant shouldn't be asking, "What is a chef?"
 I think a lot of people agreed.
 That was probably quite good for their business.
 Bad reviews can be quite good.
 Because if you see a restaurant on Google or whatever and it's got five stars,
 you do suspect, don't you?
 What do you suspect?
 What do I suspect?
 What's a lie? It's a fake.
 It's all the restaurant owner's friends, you know.
 It's just nonsense.
 Oh, really?
 If you see a 4.2, you think that's my level.
 I don't deserve better, nor do I want better than 4.2.
 In fact, Ash, Soundy, his favourite rating, he was telling me the other day, is 3.7.
 Ash, that is our...
 He craves the 3.7.
 Michelin, by the way, had three star ratings that you could get right.
 So one meant it was worth a stop if it was one star Michelin.
 Two was it was worth a detour.
 So if you saw that on the way, let's go out of our way.
 And then three is worth a journey in order to get to it.
 But they've changed that in recent years where you can get Michelin sort of labels to attach to yourself.
 OK.
 One of which is for restaurants that are deemed not good enough,
 not good enough for a Michelin star, but still worth eating at.
 Just 3.6.
 Yeah, 3.6, exactly.
 Yeah, they do other things now for sustainability, for how green the produce and all that stuff is.
 So there's multiple Michelin levels now.
 That thing you're saying about them being worth a journey, worth a detour, blah, blah, blah.
 That's all from the very early days, which I think we mentioned in the past,
 which is where it was all set up basically by Michelin who make tyres to sell more tyres.
 What if we just send people around France on road trips for food?
 They'll wear out their tyres, they'll buy more tyres.
 The whole thing mushroomed down.
 It's a tyre selling enterprise that has got way out of hand, basically.
 But they contributed, I love this, to D-Day Michelin
 because the Allied officers who landed on the beaches at Normandy in 1944
 were all carrying the 1939 Michelin Guide to France in their pockets.
 Really?
 Because they had incredible maps of France.
 There were no, you know, there were no co-operates of guides.
 Really?
 I think they had removed the restaurants.
 I think they might have slightly adjusted it.
 Surely you tear the page out.
 They held up in Northern Normandy for a few days
 because there's a really brilliant Moule restaurant.
 You've got to get everyone through it.
 You have to try this, Barry, you have to.
 Do you know, behind us on the screen for the audience to see here,
 we've got a logo of the Michelin Man, a very famous character.
 Incredible how big and rich the history of the Michelin Man is.
 It was voted the greatest logo of all time by 22 designers
 as part of advertising logos.
 He was known as the road drunkard to begin with.
 And his name is a translation of "drinking to be done".
 Sorry, Michelin Man?
 No, his name is "bibendum".
 Exactly, it was a Latin name.
 Sorry, yeah, in his French name, and Latin name rather.
 And so he became massive, but the question that I never thought to ask is,
 "Tires obviously are black, why is he white?"
 And the answer is that tires used to be white.
 Yeah.
 So he predates black tires.
 Like this is how old this logo is, yeah.
 And he's looking good for his age.
 And he's called the drinking stuff up because that's what these tires can do.
 They drink up the road, that's the idea.
 By drinking, I think it is a gerund, "bibendum".
 They still get their money off tires because they make a huge loss on their guides.
 They don't make any money from them
 because they have to spend so much freaking money on five-star meals.
 So there was even, I was listening to an interview with their head chef at Alinea in Chicago.
 I mean, foodies will be cringing my pronunciation probably,
 it's a very good restaurant in Chicago.
 And they said the amount that they spent sending Michelin judges to that restaurant alone
 was much more than the total profit from all the guide selling in Chicago.
 Amazing.
 Amazing.
 It's not a money maker.
 I thought I'd look at some Australian fine dining.
 Oh, really?
 As soon as we're here, yeah.
 And then when you couldn't find any, you went for France.
 There is a vegan restaurant in Canberra that was fined $16,000
 because they had a cockroach infestation
 and they didn't want to kill them because they didn't want to kill any little insects.
 Oh, really?
 Apparently they had a real problem with German cockroaches
 and a single female German cockroach can give off 100,000 offspring in a month.
 Wow.
 That, so I, there was a news story that came out, I think it was in July of this year or something,
 German cockroaches.
 So that's the cockroach that is everywhere in houses and in restaurants and so on.
 In Germany.
 Well, here's the amazing thing.
 For 250 years, it's been a mystery as to where they come from
 and a scientist in Perth, as part of the university here,
 has discovered German cockroaches aren't actually from Germany.
 No.
 Huge discovery, huge finding.
 Do we know where, are they from Austria?
 Because that's kind of Germany.
 It's kind of Germany.
 Wow.
 No, it's the Bay.
 I missed it in 1938.
 They did DNA testing on it and it's from the Bay of Bengal in India.
 Oh, really?
 Yes, they traced it and they mapped out this whole journey.
 It would have had to get on a boat and travel over and they worked out all that stuff.
 But they don't appear in the wild.
 All the cockroaches that we have appear.
 They only appear in five-star restaurants.
 Yes, they're Michelin star roaches.
 Yeah.
 No, you will never find them in the wild.
 It's purely on our houses and restaurants and shops and so on.
 Wow.
 They're all restaurants, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 The first Australian cookbook was written by Edward Abbott.
 It's very Australian, I have to say.
 This guy once assaulted the Prime Minister of Australia with an umbrella.
 The book has recipes for roast wombat and kangaroo brains.
 And at one stage there's advice of what to do if you're having a conversation
 and a drunk person interrupts you.
 What's the advice?
 I didn't write it down.
 Ah!
 At one stage it says we advise ugly people not to go to parties.
 OK.
 And men who aren't that handsome may at least endeavour to not appear uglier
 than they can help.
 Good advice.
 It is time for fact number two and that is James.
 OK, my fact this week is that in America you can buy designer snakes
 with emojis on them.
 Look at that, isn't that cute?
 We have a picture behind us.
 It's not cute.
 You can't even see its head.
 Something can't be cute if you can't see its head.
 It actually looks more...
 It looks more jack-o'-lantern.
 It looks like a Halloween snake, doesn't it?
 Yeah.
 Well, in fairness, this is nature doing this.
 It's not a computer.
 So, you know, you have to take what you get.
 Right.
 Really.
 But this is a few people in America, in particular someone called Justin Kabilka.
 Justin Kabilka has been breeding these bull pythons for quite a long time
 and one of the times the egg hatched and what should come out
 but this snake patterned with these orange faces on its body
 and he could sell it and he makes lots of other snakes.
 You can get ones with two heads.
 You can get ones which feel like human skin when you touch them.
 Horrible.
 No, you're not fancy that perp.
 They're amazing.
 They do feel quite nice.
 Yeah, everyone thinks they're going to be slimy, but they're not actually.
 They're not slimy at all. They're nice and smooth.
 But I think if you touch the snake and it felt like a human,
 it would be worse with it.
 Yeah.
 Do we have a snake yet?
 Because you know they shed their skin all the time.
 Oh, yeah.
 Do we have one that's like a past the parcel where it's a new design under each shed?
 That's a good idea.
 Yeah.
 I bet they're working on it.
 That'd be cool.
 So, these are, like I say, they're bull pythons
 and we think probably because they evolved below ground,
 they kept a lot of mutations which allowed them to change their colours
 because they wouldn't have so many predators under there.
 So, normally if you're living on the surface,
 you either have lots of colours to scare people off
 or more commonly you blend into the background
 because they're underground, they have all these extra little genes.
 Right.
 What's amazing?
 So, this is like, I'd never heard of this before, James,
 before you telling us this.
 And this is, there's a huge market for this.
 And these snakes go for such a huge amount of money
 because they may give birth to snakes
 and then you have further designer snakes, right?
 So, it's like...
 So, it's like he's made them, right, just to be clear.
 It's not like he's sitting there randomly hoping.
 Like, he literally chooses two snakes to breed.
 So, he'll say, "I have a design in mind.
 I'm seeing a picture of the Eiffel Tower."
 And then two years later, he'll have a snake with the Eiffel Tower on it
 because he makes them have sense of it.
 Well, he has one that looks like Stonehenge
 and it mates with one that looks like Big Ben
 and eventually it comes...
 He does it, he'll put them in a room, get some Barrywide on,
 just put a nice little spread out and just watch them go.
 Actually, one thing that happens is these snakes,
 whenever there's a thunderstorm, they all get really horny.
 And if there's one, if he's not expecting a thunderstorm
 and suddenly here's a bit of a rumble,
 he has to go, "Shit!"
 And he has to run in and get all the snakes
 that he wants to have sex with each other
 and put them next to each other so that they'll have sex.
 Wow, that's amazing.
 Also, he does basically reveals.
 So what they call this, they're called morphs.
 When he's got a new design that he's invented and he drops.
 It's like he's a TikTok musician or Beyonce.
 He just drops the latest snake
 and then you've got to get in quick and buy it as quick as possible, right?
 So people monitor his site and his place for the next drop.
 And you get a preview, don't you?
 And this is the sort of thing, you have this weird thing
 when you do our job where you start researching
 and because everyone in the field knows about it,
 you think, "Does the whole world know about this?"
 So the story of the whole world knows about this,
 but Python breeders, anyone who owns a Python
 tends to cut their eggs open before they hatch.
 And it's so weird.
 I think everyone in this room knew that.
 Everyone knew that, right?
 So often in the wild, they don't survive.
 So quite a lot of the time,
 Python's egg teeth, the tooth they have to crack themselves out of the egg,
 doesn't work properly, they can't break themselves out,
 they suffocate, they're a bit weak.
 And so if you are a snake pet owner,
 then you'll open the egg to sort of help them out a bit.
 And for this guy, it really helps them out
 because he opens the egg, takes a picture, puts it on TikTok,
 and you can see this little snake inside the egg
 with the perfect pattern.
 I think he live streams the cutting of the egg,
 so you can watch the people tune in.
 It's like it's a kinder egg, you know?
 Andy, I don't think you approve of this practice.
 I don't at all.
 It's just interesting, isn't it? People have such fun hobbies.
 It is.
 There's something disgusting about it, and I can't work out what.
 It's like going to Jurassic Park.
 He has this giant warehouse where there's over 2,000 pythons.
 He's constantly, as James says, running around in matching pairs.
 Oh, there's a thunderstorm, he's running around getting all the horned dogs.
 He's bringing them all together.
 He says his language because each of these morphs get given their own name.
 And in the interview that James, I think, found this effect from,
 this guy, Kabilka, he says that he was aiming for,
 and then all of that I'm about to say are types of different morphs that he's invented.
 An orange dream, yellow belly, enchi, leopard,
 desert ghost carrying clown jeans.
 So a clown jean, just to give you an idea,
 is a snake that's morphed where it has little tears.
 It comes out of your pocket, but it keeps coming out of your pocket.
 Is that it?
 That's it.
 Well, you open an egg and there's like 20 of them inside.
 And I should just say, because Dan alluded to it,
 yeah, this comes from an article in The New Yorker
 by someone called Rebecca Giggs who wrote it.
 It's a great article and I recommend you look it up.
 Yeah.
 And sorry, just because you jumped in with a brilliant joke.
 No, sorry, I'll do it again.
 No, no, so the clown jean is, he's morphed little tears under the eyes
 that you might get on a clown.
 So like, it's really specific stuff.
 Or a murderer in prison.
 Yes.
 Sorry?
 Yes.
 You remember your time in the big house?
 Yeah.
 Those people weren't crying.
 Yeah.
 And they weren't clowns.
 It's got that snake that's got thug life across its belly.
 So, pythons in general, have you heard of the Florida Python Challenge?
 No.
 This is a great challenge you can do.
 Is it like a cinnamon challenge?
 You don't get to eat them, sadly.
 Basically, Florida is overrun with pythons.
 They arrived, and since they arrived, since 2000, the year 2000,
 90% of furry animals have mysteriously gone missing in Florida.
 Oh.
 Because the pythons have goled them up.
 It's not mysterious, is it?
 It's not mysterious at all.
 All the biomass that used to be covered in fluff is now Python.
 Wow.
 That is the problem.
 And they're now eating each other.
 So the Florida are trying to keep a lid on it.
 They're eating the fluffy animals.
 Don't.
 Don't.
 It's too soon.
 It's too soon.
 It's too soon.
 That is weirdly the most disturbing thing that's happened in this podcast so far.
 But they set up basically this Python challenge,
 and the category is a novice professional and military,
 and the humans, that is.
 And they, you have to, there's a woman called Donna Khalil,
 who I read a great profile of.
 She's 62 years old.
 She won this year for catching 19.
 She rides them.
 She kills them.
 She rides them.
 She rides them to kill them, to catch them and kill them.
 Because you have to sort of throw yourself on them, wrestle them.
 And they're massive.
 Oh, because they're so big, sorry.
 They're huge.
 One of them she caught was 18 feet long.
 It's amazing that she over her life has caught and dispatched nearly 900 pythons.
 That is mental.
 It's crazy.
 They are making a difference.
 I think there were 150,000 there, a 99% decrease in wildlife,
 and I think they've euthanized 11,000.
 They say euthanized, so it doesn't sound like that.
 We're just sending people out into the wild to murder them.
 There were 150,000, and now they've got 11,000.
 No, no, no.
 There's still about 149,000.
 They've just caught 11,000.
 That sounds like that problem has been solved.
 I think so.
 There was actually, very sadly, the story I'm about to tell,
 a dog dies in a Chihuahua.
 But this happens in Australia as well.
 There was a story in 2014 where an Australian python
 managed to make its way into a kennel of a dog, a little Chihuahua.
 And the owners found out that their Chihuahua had been eaten,
 and it couldn't get out because the Chihuahua had been
 chained inside of the kennel.
 So there was just a python sitting there with a chain
 coming out of its mouth, and it couldn't get rid of it.
 And it was just like, it was a bit awkward.
 Me?
 Where's the mother going?
 It jumped in there.
 And they had to take it to a vet and remove the chain
 from the python.
 So it just caught in the act completely.
 I can't believe you just felt the need to give us
 a trigger warning about a Chihuahua dying.
 I know that is sad, but come on, we've got to grow up a bit,
 haven't we?
 OK.
 Thank you for telling me off in front of 1,500 people.
 Sorry to Chihuahua fans.
 I've got one where just trigger warning, people might die in this.
 This is...
 It's going to make our podcast a lot longer.
 This is a snake called the matzakwatl.
 And if you drink a tincture made from its venom,
 according to the Aztecs,
 you will continually have an erect feral member
 and constantly eject your semen and die of lasciviousness.
 Basically, you'll spapp yourself to death.
 Really?
 No.
 According to Aztecs.
 Continually?
 Continually, yeah.
 So you end up just a husk.
 Ironically, like a snake that shed its skin,
 you'll just be like...
 That is ironic.
 But you've had a damn good time, haven't you?
 All the husks have their thumbs up.
 Their thumbs up what?
 I have a very niche fact here
 that no one except me and my children are going to like,
 but there's a very famous WWF wrestler
 called Jake the Snake Roberts.
 Any Jake the Snake Roberts fans in?
 I've had a few, yeah.
 Well, all your kids are in today.
 And yeah, so Jake the Snake Roberts,
 he used to come to the ring with a live snake in a bag,
 and his move was, at the end of the match,
 he would reveal the python or viper onto the stage.
 And it was real.
 It bit into wrestlers, and it really harmed a lot of them.
 It was quite a dangerous gimmick.
 Wrestlers, they've traveled for basically the entire year
 to a new city for every single wrestling recording,
 and this was something he had to lug around America
 everywhere he was going,
 and he revealed not too long ago
 that actually he is terrified of snakes.
 His entire career, he's been petrified.
 He wakes up in his hotel room at night going,
 "Fuck, where has it escaped?"
 And so the thought was,
 because wrestling often, the wrestlers get given the gimmicks,
 and they have to make a career out of it.
 Turns out he created his own gimmick,
 and they said, "Why would you do that?"
 And he said, "I was stoned, and I pitched it."
 And they went, "Yes, and it's stuck."
 So his whole career has been in fear, yeah.
 Wow, anyone think these people aren't the smartest tools in the shed?
 Smartest tools in the shed? Sure.
 I don't know if Australia is home to any native species of snake,
 but... No, no.
 Exciting news from the UK.
 We've just got a new one.
 The new one is called the Ischelapian, or Ischelapian,
 and it should be too cold for it to live in the UK,
 because it's a bit cold there.
 But it finds warmth in human-built attics and wall cavities.
 Oh, it's a house snake. It sounds like a house snake.
 It's a house snake. Oh, God, yeah.
 And they mostly live in Wales,
 in a place called... Oh, sorry.
 They live in walls in Wales, mostly.
 But there was a scientist from the University of Bournemouth
 called Tom Major, weirdly,
 who said, "You do get the odd person
 "who is not a fan of them being here,
 "but generally they are well-received."
 I call bullshit.
 He said, "If you find one in your attic personally,
 "I would just let it be, as you wouldn't really know it was there."
 Fair enough. Just move out.
 They're very shy. What was weird about him being called Tom Major?
 Well, it sounds like Major Tom.
 Oh, I thought you were saying it sounds like former Prime Minister John Major.
 That, too. That, too.
 If the snake was found in space
 with an astronaut called Tom Major, that would have been...
 Do you know what snakes do in space? I found out.
 No, go on.
 Oh, my God. Slammed down.
 They don't live there.
 They don't live there. There are no snakes in space native to space,
 but if you put a snake in space,
 they will either...
 They get a bit confused, as you would,
 but they either attack their own tail,
 thinking it's a rival,
 or they hug themselves, thinking they found a friend.
 How far do you think a snake swallows itself
 before it realises it's itself?
 And how embarrassing is it when they have to reverse out?
 I saw the Michelin star. I just thought this was a good place to eat.
 So, let's get on to fact number three, and that is Anna.
 My fact this week is that the largest Catholic diocese
 is Orlando, because it includes the moon.
 But you didn't know that?
 This is based on the Catholic Code of Canon Law, 1917,
 which I know everyone's memorised,
 which says, "Any newly discovered territory
 is placed under the jurisdiction of the diocese
 from which the expedition which discovered that territory left."
 And, of course, in 1969, Apollo 11,
 went from Cape Canaveral, which is in Orlando,
 to the movie theatre where it was faked.
 So, according to some people, landed on the moon,
 and the Bishop of Orlando at the time
 was a guy called Reverend William Borders,
 who did seem quite endearingly keen to emphasise
 that he was now Bishop of the moon.
 Yeah, he kept hanging on about it, didn't he?
 He did, wasn't he? He met the Pope in 1916.
 There was a bit of a joke in 1968, Bishop,
 but he was the founding Bishop of that diocese in 1968.
 That was sort of when it was properly instituted.
 Right.
 And there was a bit of joshing when Apollo 11 launched,
 like, "Oh, who's that then?"
 And he was like, "Oh, it's me. It's very, very funny. Ah-ha-ha."
 And then he...
 I don't think you're delivering it as good as...
 At some point, he met the Pope next year,
 and then he suddenly became deadly serious.
 He said, "Well, of course, the moon is mine, your holiness."
 He said, "It's Canon Law."
 I mean, it's a dubious...
 Apparently, the current Bishop of Orlando
 is a guy called Bishop John Noonan,
 who does not consider himself the Bishop of the Moon.
 Well, that's what his press secretary says,
 and I want to know if she's run it by him.
 When she says, "I'm sure he doesn't consider himself,"
 I bet he read that news story and went, "Fuck off, mate."
 Yeah.
 Why do you think I took the job?
 When they had that first discussion,
 there was this guy, Borders, who said that he was the Bishop.
 There was Cardinal Cuck,
 who was the military ordinariate at the Air Force Base.
 So he was, like, the priest at the Air Force Base,
 and he said that he should.
 And then there was the Archbishop of Miami,
 who was Coleman Carroll,
 and he said that he should be the Bishop of the Moon
 because the moon is always over Miami.
 Oh.
 Yes.
 What the fuck is he talking about? No, it's not.
 Sorry.
 This is just...
 It's just a priest banter.
 Oh, no!
 But what I...
 But I don't get it.
 I don't get it. It's not always going to Miami.
 No, but it's probably a phrase, Andy.
 I think you're taking it too seriously.
 It's not a phrase. No, I'm with Andy because I googled this.
 I was like, "This must be an in-joke of Miami thing.
 "The moon's always over Miami." No, no.
 What he's saying is, "Oh, yeah, when we look up at night,
 "the moon's always there."
 Has he ever spoken to anyone who doesn't live in Miami?
 Yeah. That's the joke.
 I see. No, I see. That is a good joke.
 It's priest banter, Andy.
 I don't think I was cut out for the priesthood.
 I just... I wouldn't have fit in.
 It's the actual largest Catholic diocese on Earth,
 would you say?
 Can you define diocese quickly?
 Okay, yeah, it's the area that's looked after by a bishop.
 Okay.
 So, for instance, there will be a diocese around Perth,
 perhaps, and it might involve quite a lot of Western Australians.
 They don't need them all over the little villages.
 Something non-very broadly inhabited.
 So, Mongolia would be a good...
 Yeah, that's a good guess.
 It's quite close, actually.
 It is in Erkutsk in Russia.
 And interestingly, if Erkutsk, this Catholic area,
 decided to secede from Russia,
 so it's not part of Russia anymore.
 Good luck, guys.
 I think they take quite a debut of that.
 Well, they're busy on the other front, so...
 Okay.
 If the people of Erkutsk, the Catholics of Erkutsk,
 which, admittedly, is only 0.4% of the area,
 but if they decide to secede,
 Russia won't be the biggest country anymore.
 Do you know what would be the biggest country?
 The current and second biggest.
 Canada.
 Canada, Canada, Canada.
 No, not Canada.
 It would be the newly seceded area of Erkutsk.
 No.
 Because it's more than half of Russia.
 No.
 Is that diocese?
 Yeah.
 Oh, they've got to do it.
 It would be so funny.
 Now you're liking the Bishop jokes.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Maybe I would have been good.
 You know the whole thing about moon ownership?
 Uh-huh.
 Okay.
 So it's like sometimes you can buy a plot of the moon.
 So all of those things are fake, basically.
 There's a load of jostling at the moment,
 because everyone's kind of agreed
 that no one actually owns interplanetary bodies.
 But at the moment, the USA, for example,
 is trying to set up a thing called Coordinated Lunar Time
 as a kind of proto-colonisation,
 like if you control the time,
 it's sort of an acknowledgement that it's kind of yours.
 Oh, okay.
 But really, no one owns it.
 And all those things where you buy an acre of the moon
 are all madey-uppy.
 So Robert Coles was a guy in 1955
 who sold off huge chunks of the moon.
 The Interplanetary Development Corporation
 sold it off for a dollar an acre.
 Pretty cheap, if real, which it wasn't.
 But you got the...
 It was quite good this, though,
 because you got the mineral rights
 to anything under your acre of moon.
 You also got beach and fishing rights
 in the Sea of Tranquility.
 See what you did there?
 Right.
 And you got the right to participate
 in all winter sports on the lunar Alps.
 Cool.
 Cool.
 I think that was fun.
 Apollo 11 is when this bishop
 was claiming ownership of the moon, right?
 Yeah.
 A lot of the Apollo astronauts
 were surprisingly religious.
 James Irwin, who was Apollo 15,
 he was a literal creationist.
 He went up to the moon to prove
 that God created the Earth in seven days.
 And there was a moment when he was up there
 when a thing happened where
 a decision needed to be made,
 and he thought, "I could message NASA
 and say, 'How do I fix this thing?'
 Or I could just ask God."
 And so he asked God,
 and God said, "Oh, it's the blue wire."
 Or whatever.
 And he did what God said.
 What?
 And it worked.
 Yeah.
 So this was on the moon,
 an isolated man with one other human.
 So God basically told him
 the thing that he got told in his training.
 That's one way of looking at it, absolutely.
 To be fair, the reception to God
 is much better when you're on the moon, isn't it?
 Yes.
 You're way closer.
 There's no conflict.
 Exactly.
 But so when he came back to Earth,
 he set up a religious group,
 and his first expedition post-going to the moon
 was going to Mount Ararat to look for Noah's Ark.
 Did he find it?
 He thinks that he did find a few bits of...
 Because you think it would be obvious
 when you did find Noah's Ark, wouldn't you?
 You'd think so, but it's broken up now.
 It's not giant Ark.
 I think we would have spotted it.
 Yeah, with all the animals,
 or like a pair of animals looking out of each window.
 They'd be dead now.
 But check this out.
 There's this one fascinating story
 when he was up Mount Ararat looking for it.
 So he was climbing, and he got really tired.
 So he decided, okay, today abandon the trek,
 head back to where our base is,
 and let's recuperate and go tomorrow.
 So while he was walking down on his own,
 he took a pause and he kneeled down
 to put on some crampons onto his boots,
 and he was struck suddenly from behind
 by a giant falling rock,
 and it just knocked him down the hill.
 He knocked out five teeth.
 He had deep cuts to his eyes and his nose.
 He sprained his neck and he messed up his ribs.
 So he just camped there for the night.
 Unfortunately, once he had got his sleeping bag
 out of his bag and got into it,
 he zipped himself up,
 and once he was asleep,
 he slipped down the mountain like a sled
 and hurt himself all over again
 when he bashed into multiple boulders.
 So he woke up, lowered down, and it was on a slide.
 And God is like, "This was for bothering me
 while you were on the moon."
 So he climbed back up in his sleeping bag,
 and just before he got to the top,
 like a worm, like he went back up,
 and then he slid back down again and crashed.
 What, for fun, sorry?
 'Cause he was like, "That was a nice green one."
 Every time he went and got near to the bit that was flat,
 he slid back down.
 It happened three or four times.
 - You got to climb out of the sleeping bag, mate.
 How dumb is this guy? - Yeah.
 He eventually passed out, and he woke up,
 and he was connected to his pillow
 because there was so much blood that had solidified on it.
 Yeah, he should have died on Mount Ararat.
 It's the most, like, Mr Bean adventure
 amongst this search.
 But he was a creationist on the moon.
 Any idiot can be an astronaut.
 That's what we've learned here.
 I do think it's interesting,
 'cause he must have had a conception of where heaven is
 and where God lives, and, like, where do you think heaven is?
 - Up. - It's up.
 It's somewhere vague, right?
 - Opposite of hell. - It's in a parallel universe.
 It's opposite of hell, so I think we often think of it
 as somewhere a bit different dimensionally.
 But until people like Galileo,
 Christians thought there were three heavens.
 The first heaven was bird heaven.
 That's where the birds live. - Oh.
 That's where they're flying around.
 The second heaven is star heaven. - Oh, sorry.
 But does that mean that all the birds are already in heaven?
 They've been very, very good.
 Exciting new theory, yes.
 So bird heaven, and then above that, do you say star heaven?
 Star heaven. And above that is Empyrean heaven,
 and that's where God lives, and that's where you'll go.
 And if you asked a medieval person,
 where would you go when you die, they were very clear.
 They look up where the birds are, they're like,
 and then above that, if I kept going up in a ladder,
 there's stars, and if I kept going up, there's where I'll die.
 And it's such a weird way of conceiving of it, right?
 So when Galileo and Co saw planets and worked out
 the different things, went around different things,
 that really fucked it up more than we can imagine.
 So just for clarity, were the birds higher than birds actually flew?
 No, they just thought heaven was low.
 They didn't think birds were high, they thought heaven was low.
 But if you climbed a tree, you didn't get into bird heaven.
 You couldn't just say, like, I'm just going to cut my losses,
 I'm going to stay in bird heaven. I know I'm in bird heaven.
 And what about emus? Are they just been really bad?
 Yeah, yeah.
 Well, the devil's bird, obviously.
 Oh, yeah.
 What I'm trying to say is, where is the living birds?
 Are they flying next to the ghost, dead birds?
 Oh, yeah.
 No, no, no, no, all the dead things are in the top heaven.
 Just where the birds are, we're like,
 well, that's the first layer of heaven.
 OK, so it's beyond West Africa.
 Just where the bird heaven, as in it's where birds go after they die.
 It's named after the people who live there.
 I got confused about that.
 But that was like, people did hold on to that theory for quite a long time.
 And when the hot air ballooning was invented,
 there was a group called the Muggletonians,
 and they wanted it to be banned,
 because they thought people who hot air ballooned would bump into heaven.
 It's cheating.
 They refused to accept the laws of gravity.
 But your mate should have done that.
 And they believed that God takes no notice of everyday events on Earth
 and will never intervene in anything.
 I mean, checked out so far. Yeah.
 But that meant that there was no point doing any kind of worship,
 because God clearly isn't listening.
 So let's just not go to church.
 And let's just balloon.
 Well, no, no, you're not allowed to do that.
 Because that's cheating.
 Yeah, exactly.
 You might be in heaven, everyone you met in heaven,
 you'd have to say, are you a good guy or just a balloonist?
 Because God wasn't listening and you weren't worshiping,
 you would have meetings instead and you'd just go to the pub and chat.
 Sounds nice, doesn't it?
 Describing the modern day.
 Modern secular society, yeah.
 We were talking about a very big Catholic space,
 the big diocese.
 I thought I'd try and find a very small Catholic space.
 Great thinking.
 Thank you.
 So I don't think we've ever talked about priest holes.
 So 16th century, a lot of persecution on both sides.
 So be fair, a bad time to be anybody, the 16th century.
 Anyway, but when Catholicism was illegal in England,
 if you were caught with a priest, they would be taken away and tortured
 and executed and you might be as well.
 So lots of houses had these priest holes where you just hide your own priest.
 And there's a place in England called Hindlip Hall,
 which has 12 separate priest holes.
 Some priest holes had their own priest holes.
 Were you hiding a priest from the other priest?
 It's where you're our only priest.
 It was basically a bluff.
 If they come in and they find your priest hole,
 they're like, "You've got a priest hole."
 And you'd be like, "Yeah, but there's no priest in it."
 Then they leave and you open up the second hole.
 You wouldn't put the shitter priest in the second hole.
 You might put the shitter priest in the outer hole.
 I don't think, "Well, if we lose one priest, that's fine."
 You got it.
 That's it for this household.
 Bye-bye.
 The guy who built these holes,
 he was a Jesuit brother called Nicholas Owen.
 He spent 20 years creating the chambers in various houses,
 hidden walls, hidden compartments, everything.
 He was caught and tortured for it.
 He is now the patron saint of illusionists.
 Oh.
 How good is that?
 That's great.
 It's time to move on to our final fact of the show,
 and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that the Oscar-winning movie,
 The Summer of '42,
 is the only movie to be based on a novel
 that was written after the movie was made.
 What?
 What?
 Explain.
 I'm not a traveller, everybody.
 That's what I'm talking about.
 No, so this was a big movie in its day.
 It was called Summer of '42,
 and there was a writer called Herman Rorscher
 who wrote the movie.
 The movie went into production.
 It was being made.
 And then, as often happens,
 novelizations of the movie are written.
 So Herman Rorscher wrote his own novelization
 of the screenplay.
 They released it prior to the movie coming out,
 but it became such a massive hit as a book
 that everyone started going,
 "Oh, my God, they're making a movie of this book,"
 even though the book was of the movie.
 And then the people within Hollywood went,
 "Well, let's roll with that."
 So the movie was billed as based on the book,
 Summer of '42 by Herman Rorscher.
 And so it was very confusing
 because it got nominated for a bunch of Oscars.
 It won an Oscar.
 It was not nominated for best adapted screenplay.
 It was just outright screenplay
 because they knew inside.
 Yeah, so it's one example where the popularity
 of the second product was so big that it clipped.
 The only example.
 Let's not pretend we get all conjured.
 Yeah, maybe, you're right.
 Pretty amazing.
 Was it 1942?
 When was it?
 No, the Summer of '42.
 This was a 1970s movie, in the '70s.
 Yeah, I feel like just to interrupt,
 I feel like Andy might have another example.
 Do you?
 Step in.
 It's a kind of example of things getting incredibly tangled
 with the novel-to-movie thing.
 So Bram Stoker's Dracula was turned into a novel
 after the film came out.
 What?
 What's it?
 Yeah, with eight pages of color photos.
 Oh, that's a good idea.
 They said, "Let's do a book of the film of the book."
 Got it.
 Do you know what I mean?
 Yeah, yeah.
 Great expectations.
 That was novelized again.
 Like, it's a novel.
 I don't know.
 I found it weird.
 Dumanji, I love this.
 Dumanji was based on a book, right?
 By Chris Van Alsberg.
 That was turned into a screen story,
 which was turned into a screen play,
 which was turned into a film,
 which was then novelized into a novel.
 So it started as a book.
 It went through the entire sausage machine
 and ended up being a different book.
 I want to ask you to repeat that,
 but I will just...
 I'll re-listen when the edit comes out.
 I'm not even following it.
 Mark of confidence.
 I don't want to listen now, but...
 There was one...
 So Robert Sheckley, a writer,
 wrote a book called "The Tenth Victim"
 in 1965.
 And that was a novelization.
 And I think novelizations were slightly more respected than...
 Because they were newer, basically.
 So people didn't know that they were all going to be shit.
 So it was a novelization of an Italian film,
 by the same name, called "The Tenth Victim",
 but the film was based on another book by Sheckley,
 called "The Seventh Victim".
 OK.
 And I don't know more about that, actually.
 There is a movie that was based on a poster.
 As in, the poster came first, and then the movie came out.
 Can we guess it?
 This poster has done so well.
 Yes, I think you can guess it, actually.
 Oh, my God! The scream.
 Oh, my God! Dan!
 I said "Oh, my God" first, which is the equivalent of buzzing in.
 Sorry.
 And I believe the first person to say,
 "Oh, my God" was Anna Tyshinski.
 Uh, is it scream?
 No.
 For fuck's sake, Dan, what a stupid Tyshinski!
 [LAUGHTER]
 I reckon the audience might get it.
 It's a very iconic poster.
 A work of art.
 Star Wars, no.
 Snake's on a train, no.
 Shrek, Shrek 3, though.
 Shrek's based on a book, actually.
 Is it?
 Yeah.
 Jaws?
 No, the answer is "The Usual Suspects".
 Oh!
 And apparently, a reporter at the Sundance Film Festival
 asked the guy, McQuarrie, who was making it,
 he said, "What's your next movie?"
 And he had this idea of these people lined up,
 and he said, "Oh, I guess it's about a bunch of criminals
 who met at a police line-up or something."
 Right.
 And then, because he had the idea of the image first,
 and then he thought,
 "Well, how are we going to turn this into a movie?"
 Yeah, right.
 Oh, cool.
 I've never heard of this example I'm going to mention.
 So, when we just said to the audience name,
 someone said, "Star Wars" out there, right?
 Okay, so, when a new hope came out,
 there was so much money that was behind that first movie,
 and they were hoping that George Lucas
 was going to write the second movie,
 which became "Empire Strike Back", right?
 So, the novelization of a new hope was written in 1976
 by a guy called Alan Dean Foster,
 and he was contracted to do two books,
 in case the first movie bombed
 and they couldn't produce George Lucas' next movie.
 So, Alan Dean Foster, the novelization guy,
 write a sequel using all the props that we used in the first movie
 so that we can make your novelization
 instead of George Lucas' idea for "Empire Strike Back".
 Wait, I don't understand.
 What, in case George Lucas' didn't work?
 Because they could save the money,
 because they already have the props.
 Exactly.
 So, if it didn't work, if that first movie didn't work,
 we were going to get a second movie
 called "Splinter of the Mind's Eye",
 and it was published before "Empire Strike Back" came out,
 and it has a completely different plot.
 It's based on a jungle planet.
 Han Solo and Chewbacca are not in it,
 because Harrison Ford hadn't signed up for the second movie yet,
 so they didn't want to include him.
 But no one had told Alan Dean Foster at this point
 that Leia and Luke were brother and sister.
 Oh, no.
 Spoilers down, sorry.
 Sorry.
 So, the whole book is sexual tension between brother and sister.
 I've got some extracts.
 Luke felt the warmth of the body next to him,
 framed in the light from above.
 The princess looked more radiant than ever.
 Leia, he began, "I" and then pulls out,
 but not pulls out in that respect.
 Damn.
 Oh, for sure.
 Come on.
 The princess grew aware of how tightly she was clinging to him.
 The proximity engendered a wash of confused emotion.
 It would be proper to disengage,
 to move away a little proper,
 but not nearly so satisfying.
 And then "Empire Strike Back" came out,
 and Alan Dean Foster was like, "What the fuck, George?"
 "I've written an incest novel."
 He is amazing, Alan Dean Foster.
 But with Star Wars, they refused to show him what anything looked like.
 They refused to even tell him what anything was really.
 So, he had to write the character Jabba the Hutt,
 without knowing whether he was a human or a massive slug.
 And so, he just fudges it in the text.
 And this happened with, like, he did the novel of the film Alien,
 and again, they refused to send him any pictures of the alien,
 because they were keeping it under wraps.
 So, he just had to kind of guess.
 Jabba the Hutt is just a combination of a human and a massive slug, right?
 Oh, Anna.
 No, he's a massive slug.
 Oh, right, but with a human face.
 No, he doesn't have a cute face.
 He doesn't have a slug's face, I'll say that.
 Maybe I know some weird-looking people.
 Oh, OK, sorry, he's just a slug, got it.
 He's not a slug, he's a sort of space.
 He's like a space slug.
 But he has done absolutely everything, Alan Dean Foster.
 He's done Star Trek, he's done Transformers, Terminator.
 His first job was for an Italian Lady Tarzan movie, right?
 Which was in Italian no subtitles available so he had to completely like guess what was happening
 But he did exactly what your guy did James he put based it on some production paintings
 Oh, yeah turned that into the novel and when the book came out somewhere from Disney said we love this book
 Can we turn it into a film and he said no, it's a film already. It's an Italian lady Tarzan for a
 I didn't know that Star Wars left the EU. Sorry
 This is actually this is like being within the bubble. So every single listener to this podcast will know this except me until yesterday
 But the EU of course is
 The expanded universe, which I didn't know that that was
 What are you talking about? You know the expanded universe of any film is the it's when you do a video game or you do a novel
 It's the expanded non-canon movie, but it's still canon
 So oh like the spin-off novels and all that other shit
 And the phrase expanded universe was invented for Star Wars
 And it left the EU in 2012 and I just think it's very interesting that Star Wars is now divided into sort of two different quantum realities
 Because what do you mean it left the EU? Well, I mean that
 George Lucas made three more films. Yes, they are mostly about trade negotiations actually. So it's kind of perfect that this is the
 Boris Johnson
 I'm a giant slug. What are you talking about?
 We're the human face
 And it was incredibly controversial among Star Wars fans because
 People had been told when the first three Star Wars films came out that the only subsequent films would be prequels
 Which they were right the next three were prequels
 So everyone who was writing in the expanded universe novels and comic books and stuff like that were writing sequels
 Stuff that happens after the first three films then of course
 Disney took over 2012 and released the next three which correct me if I'm wrong are sequels, right?
 They happen the events happen after so that completely fucked with the Star Wars universe
 And so they split into two universes now. They've left the EU in 2011 the distributor of the film drive
 You know the film drive. Yeah, Ryan Gosling. Ryan Gosling, right?
 It was sued by a woman from michigan called Sarah Deming for saying it didn't contain enough driving
 [Laughter]
 He's saying it bore very little similarity to a chase or race action film having very little driving in the motion picture
 Is he in the car the whole time? He's in the car a lot of the time, but it's more in the first half
 The second half is a bit more depressing and a bit less driving based. Oh, I sort of got pretty good
 How much did she sue for? Oh, probably some standard american amount like five zillion dollars. Anyway, I don't think she won
 It was unsuccessful, but you can sue based on trailers, can't you?
 Can you? There was that film yesterday, which was a Richard Curtis film about one of the Beatles never existed
 But only one guy remembered them. Yeah, that was sued by a couple of fans
 Um
 Because the trailer had featured Anna de Amas who's a famous actress and then she wasn't in the final film
 And they had paid $3.99 each to watch this film on amazon prime. So naturally they sued for five million dollars
 Wow
 I think she is in the final film. Well, I think she's
 I think she's in on the chat show bit drastically cut because she wasn't much bigger part of it
 Because she was basically cut from the final film. It's like she never existed
 And these two losers are the only people who remember her which is the plot of the film. Oh my god. Yes
 That is it. That is all of our facts. Thank you so much for listening Perth. You were awesome
 We will be back again
 And until then tune in next week for another episode. We'll see you then. Goodbye
 Bye
 You
 You
 You
 (upbeat music)
