 On the other hand, Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly
 podcast coming to you from the QI offices in Covenant Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber, and I am sitting here with James Harcad, Annotzzytski, and Andrew
 Hunter Murray.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts
 from the last seven days, and in a particular order, here we go.
 Starting with my fact, my fact this week is that in America, you get traffic jams caused
 by people chasing tornadoes.
 These are people who actively get in cars when they hear a tornado out there in the fields,
 and they try and track it and chase after it in buses and cars and so on.
 And it used to be a very niche thing, but then TV shows started happening, and more and
 more people got into it.
 They still quite niche, isn't that?
 Quite niche, but big enough that it's clogging up the roads because thousands of people are
 doing it now.
 And the rural roads as well.
 Yes.
 It's not like you can get there always, sometimes it's just in the middle of a field that
 tornadoes happening.
 I don't really know much about tornadoes, clearly, but...
 I think they don't adhere to roads and fields, and boundaries in general.
 I think they just go where they want to.
 Yeah, it's true.
 I met recently in America, someone in Shelbyville, who was talking about training to become a storm
 chaser.
 She does it for a living now, and she was going to be one of these people who were going
 to look for them.
 And it happened.
 Her interest was sparked after her entire house was destroyed.
 Wow.
 Yes.
 So they all have these bunkers in America that they go into for tornado shelter.
 And they don't have enough.
 They're very angry because the government hasn't done enough about it.
 But when you say they all do you mean people in tornado alley?
 Yes, yeah.
 Sorry, what's tornado alley?
 Oh, it's just the area of America where the vast majority of tornadoes happen.
 So it's Kansas kind of area, isn't it?
 Okay, I didn't know that.
 It's the Wizard of Oz.
 The Wizard of Oz.
 Yeah.
 Indeed.
 But so Twister did a lot, the film Twister did a lot for tornado PR, didn't it?
 Yeah.
 That was the big moment, really.
 I think this is where tornado chases first picked up on the idea, and they did loads
 of research and they got really involved with the, you know, government weather systems team,
 whatever they're called, the NOAA, I think.
 And they had lots of scientists on board the film and Bill Paxton got really into it.
 Right.
 And he did a documentary after it about tornadoes, I think.
 But there was a really sweet moment early this year because he died in February.
 That's right.
 And there's this thing called the Spotter Network, which is this online network that all
 tornado chases are on.
 And so the Spotter Network gives a GPS location for where the phone's owner is.
 And so all these tornado chases lined up and spelled out the initials BP up tornado alley.
 It was petroleum.
 Yeah.
 And that was weird.
 Because Bill Paxton had shares in British petroleum.
 Well, exactly.
 Yeah.
 But it was huge.
 So I was looking at, I was looking at the initials and people were tweeting it.
 And there are all these little green dots for where all the tornado chases are spelling
 out BP.
 Yeah.
 I looked at Google Maps and it was a massive amount of space they were covering.
 So the line of the P was 230 miles high.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 I thought it was just in a field or something.
 Yeah.
 But you don't need cars bumper to bumper for 230 miles.
 No.
 You can't just have two cars.
 I'm just checking.
 Yeah.
 What you said about they use GPS, I think that's why this is so popular now, isn't it?
 Because in the olden days, in order to find a tornado, you'd have to go to the weather forecasters
 and you'd have to, you know, be quite an expert.
 And these days, you just need an app on a car.
 Yeah.
 You can just find it.
 Yeah.
 Because you need to know in advance.
 And we just have, we still have really bad tornado forecasting systems, don't we?
 I think the average amount of time between when you're told that there's a tornado coming
 towards you and when you have to be out of your house is 13 minutes.
 Yes.
 Still so.
 So this is the big problem with the storm chases.
 People now, if there is a tornado warning in their area, have to be prepared to leave extra
 early because just trying to flee their houses, they're going to get caught up in the traffic
 of the people actually heading towards the tornado.
 They will be heading the other way.
 They just are, yeah, I guess so, but so it'll be fine.
 Oh, yeah.
 I don't know if you need to turn left or right.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Some roads are.
 Yeah.
 Have you ever seen a disaster movie like everyone goes in the same direction?
 And if you go in in the opposite direction, you might get eaten by Godzilla, but at least
 you can get that quickly.
 Yeah, that's true.
 But no, you can't because everyone's going to film Godzilla because the Godzilla app
 they've got on their phone.
 Yeah.
 To extend as much for too far.
 Speaking of movies, did you say you had a load of trivia before we started?
 That's the fact about Twister, but Anna read it out just now, so was that it?
 The Bill Paxon thing.
 I've got one more.
 Coming on.
 In the film Twister, do you know what the noise of the tornado was?
 Oh, I will give you £1,000 if you guess.
 Was it the camel's moan that was slowed down?
 Yeah.
 So like back details, please do read them out, because I need them to get that thousand pounds
 back.
 Yes, it was a camel's moan slowed down.
 How did they make a camel moan?
 That sounds like the start of a joke.
 So the other one bit of trivia about Twister is that it was the first Hollywood movie released
 on DVD.
 Really?
 No.
 That is a good bit of trivia.
 That's cool, because it would have been the first movie to spin as well in order to play
 it.
 Oh, yeah.
 Although the spools of a VHS do spin.
 Oh, damn it.
 You're right.
 Yes.
 Sorry.
 They used to have it in the 1980s, a mobile observatory.
 So these days they have armoured cars and armoured trucks and things.
 Some of them with radar dishes on the back to measure information when the professionals
 do it.
 But in the '80s they had one, which was a massive barrel, and they just had to leave it
 in the path of a tornado, let it gather all the data that way, right?
 The really cool thing was it was called the Toronto-Tornado Observatory, or...
 Oh, Toronto.
 Toto.
 Toto.
 Toto.
 After the dog in the Wizard of Oz.
 Wow.
 How nice is that.
 Not the band.
 After the band, Toto.
 They have the same one in Africa and they called it that after the band.
 Do you know that one way to judge how much wind speed there is in a tornado used to be, whether
 it would strip all the feathers off a chicken?
 As if you would have a chicken near one or you would throw a chicken at it?
 They would fire a chicken out of a gun, like a cannon kind of thing towards the tornado
 to see if it would get stripped.
 While it was happening.
 While it was happening, yeah.
 And then you go, "Oh, these chickens have lost all their feathers, so it must have been
 more than 341 miles per hour."
 Oh, OK.
 It is that reliable?
 It's not reliable.
 No, OK.
 And the unreliability of it won a 1997 Ignore Bell Prize.
 And it was worked out by Bernard Vonnegut, who's the brother of Kurt Vonnegut.
 Oh, cool.
 And so...
 That's awesome.
 What happened was, they always used to use this system, and then he realised that there
 are reasons why it might not work.
 Because he said that maybe the explosion from the gun might have got rid of all the feathers.
 And the other thing is that sometimes chickens have particularly easy to pluck feathers.
 Right.
 It's cold and flight malt.
 And every now and then, like once a year or something, you can pluck them quite easily.
 So if you get them at the wrong time, you might miscalculate the speed.
 Wow.
 I was reading about a different cannon just yesterday, which was meant to fire humans
 out of.
 So it's a human cannonball style cannon.
 But the idea was for firefighters and people who needed to get some meetings in other buildings.
 Yeah.
 I never went through.
 I was reading it in a new science book.
 I'm just too surprised me.
 It never went through.
 It was a new scientist book.
 And it was using...
 So it was an air cannon.
 The human was inside.
 And the idea would be for firefighters if they needed to get to a top of a building that
 would have taken too long, they would have been shot out of the air cannon to the top
 of the building.
 Would it not have been a tube that they went through the tube the whole way?
 The word was cannon, yeah.
 So.
 That's interesting.
 So cannons as in human cannonballs, they usually springs rather than...
 So the idea was this was air, propulsion.
 I have never thought.
 I've never considered what actually is the form of propulsion for a human cannonball.
 Well, now you know.
 Now I know.
 I did always sort of assume it was gunpowder.
 Do you?
 But it makes no sense.
 Have you guys heard about the proposed Great Wall of Kansas?
 No.
 No.
 This is to stop tornadoes.
 How big is it?
 It's a thousand feet high, 150 feet wide, and it would cost 60 billion dollars per 100 miles.
 This was proposed.
 A thousand feet high, yeah.
 This is sort of the Eiffel Tower all the way along.
 This is a physicist from Pennsylvania, I believe.
 He presented this.
 No, an engineer then.
 No.
 No.
 He said, "If we build three east-west Great Walls in the American Midwest, this is a three
 wall."
 So one in North Dakota, one along the border between Kansas and Oklahoma to the east and the
 third one in South Texas and Louisiana, we will diminish the tornado threats in tornado
 alley forever.
 And he was presenting that research in 2014 to the annual meeting of American Physical
 Society in Denver.
 Everyone said it's nonsense, obviously.
 But he believes that it's a similar thing with mountain ranges and how they concurred
 tornadoes.
 That's the idea behind it.
 Let's tell you what, if you're a teenager in America and you're looking for a new career,
 be a massive wall builder, because it seems like, "Oh, yeah, yeah."
 It's your idea.
 I think if Donald Trump can't pass a 20-foot high wall, then I think the odds are passing
 a thousand foot high wall.
 Hey, do you want to hear about an eclipse, Tracer?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Two out of three.
 Yes, please, Andy.
 Yes.
 Quorum.
 No, there are these people.
 So America is about to have a massive eclipse on the 21st of August.
 It's going to pass across a huge band of America.
 And I think 88 million Americans live within 200 miles, and a lot of those people are expected
 to move towards this band as it moves.
 OK.
 But there are certain people who spend their whole lives, all their life savings, everything
 seeing eclipses around the world.
 And one of them is a guy called Mike Kentrianakis, and he works for the American Astronomical Society,
 which is good, because before that, he was bankrupting himself, traveling around the
 world, seeing eclipses.
 One of his marriages, I think it may be his first marriage, broke down partly because his
 wife didn't want him to go to Argentina to see an eclipse.
 Would she not let him see his son?
 Oh!
 Hey, oh!
 Very good.
 That's very good.
 But it's got a heartening end, because now he's got this job, and he gets paid to go to
 all the eclipses.
 Yeah, that's really cool.
 Or he was spending all his money doing it.
 Yeah.
 His marriage is still over, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 I guess if you're purely driven by money, fine.
 But if there are things more important in life, he's lost his family.
 No, no, no, no, no.
 I mean, he may have found love again, we don't know.
 But he said they had other problems as well, but this was just an indication that she wasn't
 able to support the thing he loves more than any other.
 Yeah.
 What a weird, I mean, once you see an eclipse, you've seen them all, haven't you?
 Apparently, it's an incredible experience, and some people, for the first time they experience
 it, that's all they ever want to do again.
 Yeah.
 So do you all remember when we had one in the UK?
 Yeah.
 It was fine.
 Yeah, it was okay, wasn't it?
 Was it total?
 Yes.
 I think it was cloudy and bit of London.
 Yeah, and the bit where I was, I was in Sheffield, it wasn't quite total there.
 But it was pretty total.
 I think you had to go to like the silly islands or something.
 Yeah, I was in Cornwall, where it was total, but it was quite cloudy.
 So it was.
 I think we've probably said this quote on the show before, but it's worth saying again.
 It was Ian M. Banks who said that if aliens did ever visit us, it would be to watch an
 eclipse, a total solar eclipse, because the rarity it must be in the universe of having
 a moon and a sun the exact same size that that could happen.
 It's a tourist attraction.
 That's why they would come to earth.
 It's come for the eclipse.
 Stay for the Kardashians.
 Yeah.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two and that is Andy.
 My fact is, there is a special quarantine centre for chocolate in the English countryside.
 Yeah, this is incredible.
 It is.
 It's amazing.
 It's a place in Reading and it's called the International Coco quarantine centre or the
 ICQC and it's got about 400 different varieties of cocoa plants all in massive greenhouses and
 scientists observe them every week and they more of them come around every month and they
 do special checks on them and basically it's because if you're moving cocoa from one
 country to another, there's a real risk that a disease will move from one country to
 another.
 The new blight made it to West Africa where loads of the world's cocoa is grown and it's
 a massive plant for their economy.
 That could cause massive hardship, distress and disaster.
 So every variety moving around the world spends two years in quarantine at the ICQC in Reading.
 Right.
 Yeah.
 And it's quite, is it quite new?
 Was it built a few years ago?
 No, it's been going since 1985 but they've got a new home since 2015.
 Okay.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Sorry, just so I can wrap my head round this, they're collecting the cocoa plants from around
 the world to sit there to put through quarantine.
 It's not chocolate bars.
 It's not.
 That's why all the chocolate you eat is off now.
 But what I mean is, if a new plant is going to be used or if they're going to use it from
 mass shipment, they have to then send samples to these guys or you have to send, you send
 the budwood, which is a little length of branch with a bud sprouting, right?
 They put it in an insect-proof cage, just in case it's got an insect, which carries disease
 on it for a couple of months.
 Then they grow it, they grow a clone, that's called an indicator of a rifle.
 And then if after two years the plant is completely free of disease, it's allowed to go
 on to the place it was going to go to in the first place.
 So if you ever want to send cocoa from one part of the world to the other, it has to go
 through Reading.
 Exactly.
 Wow.
 It's like getting a train to Bristol, isn't it?
 And also looking at photos of this place, it looked a bit like, I assume they keep elements
 of the cocoa that's been sent to them, they don't just send out the whole thing.
 It looks like it's a, the life raft of endangered cocoa plants, it's the one true spot that we
 know we're preserving them.
 Yeah.
 It makes it, nothing makes me feel patriotic usually, but reading about this, I thought,
 wow, we are so special.
 We in Britain are saving the world's chocolate.
 That's a big deal.
 It's really impressive.
 And the world's chocolate is kind of under threat, isn't it?
 So the demand is massively exceeding supply at the moment and we're running out of cocoa
 plants.
 They're really hard to farm.
 So I think only 30% of them, if you have a cocoa farm, only 30% of your plants will actually
 flower and create the cocoa, because there are so many pests.
 Yeah.
 They've got these diseases with really cool names, like frosty pod and witch's broom.
 So there's a list on Wikipedia of all these diseases, and a lot of them have the
 word "pod" at the end, like frosty pod.
 And so do a lot of podcasts.
 So I wonder if you can tell me whether these cocoa disease or podcasts.
 So frosty pod, you said, black pod, oh, I disease, podcast.
 Disease.
 It's a disease, ghost pod.
 Podcast.
 Does it be either, it really does disease, it's a podcast, two for two, chicken pop pod.
 Disease.
 Disease.
 Podcast.
 What?
 So comedy podcast.
 Mealy pod.
 Disease.
 Disease.
 Disease.
 A podcast.
 It's a disease.
 And I got a million more of those, but that was the end of the game.
 They're just the four that were sponsored by this week.
 Oh, that was a very exciting game.
 I had a game before.
 I just have a game every time.
 Yeah, that's great.
 So this place was, this is how important this is to the chocolate industry.
 It was funded mutually by a large group of the biggest chocolate makers in the world
 from Cadbury through to Mars, through to Willy Wonka, through to, no, he doesn't exist.
 That was a game.
 Well, there is Willy Wonka.
 Candy, they bought.
 There's a brand.
 Yeah.
 Oh, then it could be.
 Well, then very, very well, maybe an investor in this place.
 Anna, does this still make you feel really patriotic that our country is doing this?
 Well, actually, it's just a load of multi-nationers.
 It's gradually seeping away my nascent nationalism, sure.
 Just quickly, do you know why this cocoa chocolate quarantine centre is in Reading?
 Oh, no.
 Well, Reading was their football team's called The Biscuit Men, so there's a biscuit company
 there.
 Exactly.
 It's for the chocolate biscuit.
 No, sadly, it's not that.
 It's because it's so cold in Britain and particularly Reading that none of the diseases
 which they're potentially harboring in the centre could survive outside in the wilds
 of the countryside around Reading.
 It's that, yeah.
 Yeah, so well, that's why it's in Britain, basically, Reading is an afterthought.
 So, this is really common with other crops as well, isn't it?
 There are various other things that get quarantined in countries that are the opposite of where
 they came from.
 It's like going on a gap, yeah.
 You go somewhere as different as you can to your home country.
 So, I think bananas, most bananas spend some time in Belgium in transit.
 Coffee goes to Portugal and spend some time being in Portugal.
 And yeah, it has to be places where the usual pests of those crops won't survive in that
 climate.
 Portugal, though, as well.
 It's quite warm, isn't it?
 Is it?
 Yeah.
 Because, simply, it's come from, like, Brazil or somewhere.
 Not the opposite of Brazil, is it?
 It's not.
 It's very much not.
 It's not the exact opposite.
 You're right.
 But I use the colonial oppressor of Brazil of anything.
 Are you sending every banana there?
 No!
 No!
 No!
 No!
 Not every chocolate bar goes to redding.
 You can just listen back to Andy's explanation at the start when you hear this.
 Do you know what the most expensive chocolate ever sold for is, and this is in terms of-
 Okay.
 Do you want the price or what's in the chocolate or-
 Maybe price and what the chocolate was.
 Was it a-
 Okay.
 I'll say a million pounds, and it was a bar of flexed with gold.
 Yeah.
 This is a hard one because I think there probably are more expensive chocolates on the market.
 So this was sold at Christie's Auction House.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 So it was a historical piece of chocolate.
 Yes.
 It was something that Mallory took up ever.
 Very close.
 You're totally in the territory in that it's exploration.
 Is it Chacolton took to the south?
 So close.
 It's exactly in the-
 Yes.
 Scott.
 It's like a diddle the hardware.
 Scott's first expedition to the Antarctic in the early 1900s, and how much did his bar?
 It's one little lump of chocolates.
 Was it made of gold as well?
 No.
 No, it was just made of chocolate.
 Yeah.
 20,000 pounds.
 No.
 I'll go for a bar of chocolate, £7,984.
 Okay.
 I think, actually, less than, I think £4,500.
 £470.
 Oh, okay.
 Yeah.
 I've never shot it.
 20,000 was way off, wasn't it?
 Yeah.
 But I would have thought 20,000 was more in the ballpark of something that is attached to an extraordinarily
 historically important trip.
 The thing is, I bet they did an auction with lots of different things from his expedition.
 They did.
 And this was probably the shittiest one of the lots.
 Yes.
 His diaries went and they went for £600, so-
 £600?
 No, of course not.
 No, they were like £90,000, £200,000, something like that.
 So this is for the one person who couldn't get anything else in the light.
 I'll just get the chocolate.
 Yeah, just, yeah.
 I'll bring the chocolate out.
 With something to eat on the way out.
 Yeah.
 Exactly.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three, and that is Chisinski.
 Yep, my fact is that, to celebrate the Communist Revolution, the Bolsheviks plan to build a tower
 in St. Petersburg that projected the news onto the clouds.
 Oh.
 And this was this really cool idea, it was part of, so as soon as the Bolshevik Revolution
 happened, Lenin launched this thing called the monumental propaganda campaign.
 And the idea was to build all these monuments, it's quite a clever pun when it's translated
 into English.
 But the idea was to build all these monuments, which were a big piece of Soviet propaganda.
 And this guy was commissioned, this architect called Tatlin, Vladimir Tatlin, was commissioned
 to design something that was going to be called the Monument to the Third International.
 And so in 1919 he designed this insane building, which is, it's often called the most influential
 building that was never built.
 Wow.
 Because it's inspired lots of artists and designers ever since, and it's just really fascinating.
 And it was going to be 400 meters tall, it was going to be made of steel and glass and
 iron.
 It was this double helix structure, so it looks like a spiral on the way up.
 And it had these amazing features, so various bits of it rotated.
 These huge glass cubes were then it rotated at different speeds.
 And there was a plan on the top bit to have this information center, which would issue
 news bulletins that in the night time, or on a cloudy day, shot up into the sky and broadcast
 in light the news announcements or propaganda onto the sky, onto the clouds.
 It's very cool.
 It's very cool.
 I think people might be familiar with this tower, because it's quite a famous iconic thing.
 They had a replica of it in the Royal Academy last year or the year before, I think.
 I don't know.
 And it looks a little bit like the tower at the Olympic Park.
 It does.
 That's exactly what I was thinking.
 And often if you see any kind of old pictures of Soviet Russia from the 1920s, this is
 kind of an iconic image, right?
 Yeah.
 And they used it and it kind of represented their ambition.
 So it was used as a Soviet icon in the '50s and '60s to show how great they were.
 Wait, so this building wasn't built, but all the plans and the drawings were released.
 Yes.
 We've then sort of subtly built it without...
 They've built it.
 At the time even, they built a lot of smaller versions of it.
 Okay.
 So it was so massive that there's no, it was impossible to build basically.
 They wouldn't be able to get enough iron, they wouldn't be able to get enough steel.
 And for something, yeah, that was supposed to be like a building, something which has a real
 social purpose, but the fact is that it was impossible for them to make any work.
 Yeah.
 Pretty ironic, guys.
 Considering what happened with the communism.
 Yeah.
 Good.
 Right.
 Communist anti-communist asylum.
 Nice idea.
 But...
 Doesn't work in practice.
 Right.
 Yeah, it doesn't work in practice.
 It doesn't get off the ground.
 No, the thing is, Anna, has never been properly tried.
 That's the problem.
 It's just tried in the wrong place.
 It was the wrong environment.
 It was the wrong environment.
 It was the wrong environment.
 It was the wrong environment.
 It was the wrong environment.
 It was the wrong environment.
 It was the wrong environment.
 It was the wrong environment.
 It was the wrong environment.
 It was the wrong environment.
 It was the wrong environment.
 It was the wrong environment.
 It was the wrong environment.
 It was the wrong environment.
 It was the wrong environment.
 It was the wrong environment.
 Yeah.
 It was the wrong environment.
 It was the wrong environment.
 It was the wrong environment.
 building or was the whole of the building revolving?
 - So there were different layers of the building
 and it would revolve at different rates.
 So one of them would revolve once a day
 and another one would be once a week
 and another one would be once a month.
 And then the bottom one would be,
 I think the bottom one would be once a year,
 it would revolve. - Wow.
 - And so you'd be able to tell what date and time it was by.
 - It was a giant calendar. - It made a plot.
 - And it was in a double helix as well.
 Even though the structure of DNA hadn't been,
 I think, discovered at this time,
 the whole around the cylinder and the cube
 and the pyramid and everything that was this huge double helix.
 - Yeah, there's this one guy who's written
 a big kind of biography of this building
 who says that it was never intended to be built.
 So some people think that it was just a thing
 that was meant to represent, I don't know,
 the ambition or the symbolism of the new Soviet Russia
 that it wasn't meant to be built, but we don't know.
 - The news in the clouds is that a,
 was scientifically, is that a practical thing?
 I'm purely thinking it is out of the fact
 that the Batman logo can be put into the sky.
 - I know that is a good documentary.
 - Yeah, and with sequels, but I don't think it was.
 So this is the thing I had no idea
 that they weren't trying experimenting
 with these wildly technologically advanced ideas,
 but I don't think that was practical.
 - It is practical. - At the time, now.
 - Yeah. - Because there was a guy
 in Nottingham called Dave Lynch
 and he fired a ghost rider onto the clouds
 in Nottingham a few years ago.
 - Okay. - A ghost rider.
 - Yeah, so it's like a ghostly horse rider guy.
 - Oh, cool. - And it was a bit like my bridges,
 if you know that old, one of the first animations
 of the like a galloping horse. - Yeah, yeah.
 - It literally was that.
 - It used exactly the same projector as my bridge, didn't it?
 But it used a laser instead of light.
 - But there's quite a long way to go
 until we can watch Liar Liar on a cloud.
 - Is it? - Yeah, right.
 - Because it's done with the laser,
 so it's all in the green light of the laser.
 - But what they were originally doing was the news.
 So maybe it would be less difficult
 to put like Kay Berlion than Liar Liar
 because she's only in one studio.
 - That's true. - Mm-hmm.
 - Did I miss a reference?
 Why are we using a Jim Carey movie from--
 - It's just a wrap.
 - Sorry, I just tried to think of a really good film.
 - Yeah.
 - You came over my head. - Okay, cool.
 Sorry, I thought I missed a reference
 for that was just absolutely did not.
 - Okay.
 - That was just crowbarring in a movie.
 - You're choice a movie to play
 into the clouds with Liar Liar.
 - So it's just been half the book.
 I was talking about twist already.
 - What would you put into the clouds?
 - I just, well, a latest movie, the new Spider-Man,
 or a Game of Thrones episode.
 - But here's the thing about that.
 If you put the latest Spider-Man in,
 then no one's gonna go to the cinema
 'cause they can just watch it in the clouds, right?
 But if you put Liar Liar on,
 which is probably on terrestrial TV
 pretty much once a year or something,
 then it's fine, you don't lose any money.
 - I want a day, I want a day in my flat.
 - So yeah.
 (laughing)
 And also down, when people listen to this podcast
 did a few months, they'll go,
 "New Spider-Man, what's that?"
 - Yeah.
 - Whereas Liar Liar is one of the--
 - It's timeless.
 - Well, yeah, that's a movie there.
 Induros.
 You were talking about the bat signal.
 - Yes, I was, yeah.
 - Do you know how they summon Batman on a cloudless night?
 - So they project it onto the moon?
 - They project it.
 - Or a star.
 - They project it onto a star.
 - Do they just call them?
 Does he just probably go on a phone?
 - Well, there is the bat phone, is there?
 - No, it's none of these things.
 Supposedly, I mean, this is, it's all made up.
 - Side of a building.
 - Side of a building.
 - Is it?
 - Yes.
 - How come we've never seen that?
 Is it just very bad weather in Gotham City most of the time?
 - Yeah, I think so.
 And someone, but someone incredibly geeky
 on Quora pointed out, actually, 'cause Gotham is near water,
 it's liable to have more cloud,
 'cause they'll be, you know, water rising.
 I don't know how true that it's weather-wise, but.
 - Also smart.
 - Yeah.
 - Probably for them, it's quite good to have bad pollution.
 - Yes.
 - Is it quite polluted Gotham City?
 - Yeah, it's not.
 - The Batmobile is diesel, I think, isn't it?
 So that's what it is.
 (all laughing)
 - It was so embarrassing that time,
 you accidentally filled it up with odd weather.
 (all laughing)
 - That was Robin that did that.
 - That's why he's never allowed to take it out anymore.
 (all laughing)
 - So the tallest building ever envisioned
 was the X-seed 4000, and it was gonna be in Tokyo,
 and it was gonna be four kilometers high,
 pretty much in the shape of Mt. Fuji,
 and it would be able to accommodate
 between half a million and one million people.
 - Wow. - Wow.
 - And they did the kind of plans for this,
 but never built it.
 - Why not unrealistic again?
 - Well, according to the managing director
 of buildings and data, George Binder,
 he says that they never really meant to build it.
 The purpose was to earn some recognition for the firm.
 - Yeah, all these people claiming.
 - No, we never really meant to build it.
 - They're always saying this.
 - And they reckon it would have cost
 minimum of about $500 billion US dollars to make it.
 But from the other fact, I saw that we eat
 about $100 billion a year on chocolate,
 so we'd only have to give up chocolate as a world
 for five years, and we'd be able to build this tower.
 - Cool.
 - I don't, no, that's not what I thought at all.
 - Why not?
 - I think the vast majority of people in the world
 would vote to keep chocolate
 and not have a random tower build somewhere in Japan.
 - No, but we would be saving chocolate potentially.
 We would replenish the stock.
 We would perhaps allow for the leaves to breathe a bit.
 - Not for the odds of it, you get a lot less chocolate grown
 if everyone stops eating it.
 So actually, the stocks would crash then.
 - Yeah.
 There was another Soviet building
 that was supposed to be built was the thing
 that was going to replace the 19th Central Cathedral
 of Christ the Saviour, which was like Sonicless,
 the first huge landmark in St Petersburg,
 what became Petrograd and then Leningrad.
 And so the plan was to build this amazing skyscraper
 that was going to be, it looked like a huge wedding cake,
 and on top of it was going to have an 80 meter high statue
 of Lenin, and in his head was going to be a library,
 a Soviet library.
 And it was, again, it was kind of a ridiculous plan,
 but they flattened the Zara's Cathedral.
 So they said, "We'll get ready for that."
 And then the USSR ran out of money,
 so that just remained flat.
 And all it became was the world's largest open-air swimming pool.
 - Oh.
 - Which is kind of cooler than a giant Lenin head.
 - The designs were amazing for,
 I remember seeing the designs for that building.
 - For Lenin head building.
 - Yeah, would the Lenin head building
 have had a massive swimming pool where his bladder would have been?
 (laughing)
 - That's not re-appealing, is it?
 Because of the associations.
 - Why not?
 - Don't know, it'd be fun.
 - A patriotic Soviet bladder.
 - I guess.
 - Probably encourage you to be in it.
 - It would.
 The associations of the word bladder.
 - That's true.
 - And you can have a watershoot coming out.
 - Moving out.
 - Your re-trap.
 (laughing)
 - So great.
 - I like this plan more and more.
 The more I think about it, properly.
 - But if you've got a watershoot coming out,
 the bladder's behind that.
 So when you come out of the end of the re-trap,
 you just fly into midair, right?
 - Yeah, you just launch back into the city.
 - You launch it.
 - You're not uncomfortable.
 - And you're designed for all these cannons
 that fire fighters up to the top of buildings.
 - I don't think we should give up on it,
 but let's park it.
 (laughing)
 - Let's park it for now.
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, it is time for a final fact
 to the show, and that is James.
 - Okay, my fact this week is that caterpillars
 are more likely to vomit when they're on their own.
 - Right.
 - We all throw up when we're lonely, come on.
 - Well, is that why they do it?
 - Then I don't know if they're lonely,
 but the reason that they vomit is to get rid of predators,
 because predators don't like being vomited on.
 And when they're in a group,
 they don't need to do it because they're in a group.
 And actually one of their mates can vomit instead.
 And so what happens is if you vomit,
 it's bad for you 'cause you get rid of your nutrition
 and you need that food.
 But if you're in a group and someone else vomits,
 then it gets rid of the predator
 and you've still got all of your food inside you.
 And so a study was done in 2012
 that found that this caterpillar
 of the large white butterfly,
 they are more likely when they're in a group
 to try and cheat and let someone else do the vomiting.
 - Oh, wow.
 - But what if they all think that?
 This is typical selfish, individualistic 21st century society.
 If you all think someone else will pick up that rubbish,
 then no one's gonna do it.
 - That's why caterpillars need to go back
 to a Soviet sister.
 - Yeah, I think that last fact
 really infected you a bit, isn't it?
 - It's amazing how they're all waiting for the other guy
 to get the round in basically.
 - Yeah.
 - I'm just really sorry.
 I've just been working out the caterpillar.
 It is very almost an unagram of capitalist, isn't it?
 So it's no wonder they brought down
 the Soviet system with their self-serving ways.
 There's, did you see the caterpillar they found?
 I think last year or the year before,
 it was in Peru and it's from the Nomata Campo genus.
 It was in the Amazon.
 And it responds if you shouted it.
 It doesn't like being shouted at.
 And it's got these tentacles on its back.
 And there's a film of it.
 And if you just yell at the caterpillar like that,
 then it's tentacles just flick out straight away.
 So it's like, you know, when you're talking to a microphone
 and you watch the sound waves go up and down as you do,
 it's like that.
 As soon as you yell at it,
 it fires out these long tentacles from its back.
 - But is it scarier or is it attacking you?
 - We have no idea why it does that.
 - Because you use it as a way of measuring sound, couldn't you?
 - You absolutely could.
 - You could use it like as a clapometer or something.
 - Yes.
 - If you want to know who's the most popular,
 you get them to applaud and then you have loads
 of these little caterpillars.
 And the longer their tentacles go out, the more popular you are.
 - Wow.
 - That would be so cool.
 Until the RSPCA got onto you,
 that would be unbelievably cool to have a mass of caterpillars.
 - But you could do it on like Britain's Got Talent,
 instead of having the judges,
 just have audience reactions.
 - Yeah.
 - Well, in the chairs, they're all caterpillars.
 - Yeah.
 - I do like that, actually.
 I would watch.
 - And the longer the tentacle, the more they like it.
 - Yeah.
 - You measure the tentacles.
 - But we don't yet know if they like it or not.
 So the worst acts might get through.
 - Yeah, it's actually just the loudest acts.
 - Yeah, but it's not the loudest audience response.
 - Yeah, sorry, sorry.
 So they're not in the judges seat.
 Sorry, they're the audience.
 - It's much more democratic than Britain's Got Talent.
 - No, they are in the judges seats.
 The caterpillars aren't the audience,
 because you need an audience to make the noise.
 - So sorry.
 - Yeah, but booze are noises as well.
 - Oh, yeah.
 - Yeah.
 - You're so right.
 - Actually, there'd been many times
 doing stand-up, I'd be very grateful
 for the fact that booze are also noise.
 (all laughing)
 - How did the sugar go, Andy?
 Well, they were very loud.
 (all laughing)
 - More vomiting caterpillars?
 - Yes, please.
 - The caterpillars of the small, muttled willow moth.
 They vomit, not just what's in the stomach,
 but also kind of a detergent.
 And they do this onto ants.
 And the reason being that they have a lot
 of kind of water in their stomach.
 So when they vomit it onto the ants,
 this detergent kind of stops the surface tension
 of the water from being a blob on the ants' head.
 And instead, the water goes all over the ants,
 and then he has to kind of clean it off
 otherwise he'll drown.
 - Oh wow.
 - And so, yeah, it's amazing.
 - I thought you meant like a detergent,
 like if I had a big boozy night out, I'd vomit
 and be like, I need to clean that up.
 Oh no, I don't.
 It's just cleaned itself up.
 (all laughing)
 That would be a great bit of evolution.
 - Yeah, I think if you just had to vomit
 into the washing machine before you guys did.
 (all laughing)
 - Did you know that, so really about caterpillar vomit,
 the evolutionary biologist and a lot of the articles
 who studies caterpillars vomiting is called Jane Yak.
 (all laughing)
 - No, that's not a good one.
 - There is a species of caterpillar
 that lives on coca leaves.
 And when they vomit on predators,
 the vomit contains cocaine.
 - Whoa.
 - Whoa.
 - Which presumably the predators don't like
 for whatever reason.
 - Right.
 - But it itself is not high all the time
 on cocaine for the eating it.
 - Yeah, so it doesn't metabolize the cocaine
 to make it go crazy.
 - Yeah.
 - But when it's eaten by the predators,
 something happens to them and they don't like it.
 - But is it worth, if you find, where is this?
 - I don't know, but it must be where coca leaves grow,
 so South America.
 - Somewhere in South America.
 (all laughing)
 - That's so cool.
 - If you find a caterpillar in South America,
 is it worth giving it a snort just in case?
 - No, I don't think so, because it might be one of the other ones.
 So for instance, the East and Tent Caterpillar,
 they'll deliberately eat parts of the cherry leaves
 that contain cyanide and they'll vomit out cyanide.
 - Wow.
 - Okay, so it's not worth risking it
 for the cocaine high in case you get the cyanide poison.
 - Yeah.
 - Yeah, fair enough.
 - You know the very hungry caterpillar at the book.
 I do.
 A copy of that book has been bought every minute
 since it was published in 1969.
 - No.
 - Yes.
 - Because shop's closed.
 (all laughing)
 - It's been unabouraged.
 - Yeah, but the world turns then.
 - World turns.
 - Shop's open.
 - Oh yeah.
 - Just when the book shops in Japan are opening for the day.
 - That's true.
 - So it's-- - Is everything in Japan?
 - Yeah.
 It's been translated to every, what I'm saying is
 that it sold 30 million copies, all right?
 Otherwise, guys. (all laughing)
 Would you add up all the minutes between 96 and I know.
 - But it could have sold them all yesterday.
 - Yeah. - Yeah.
 - Yeah.
 - But it didn't because I remember reading it as a child.
 - Yay.
 - You might have got a free copy.
 It might have been like a preview copy.
 - It wasn't like a free copy.
 - A copy, a proof copy, yeah.
 - There you go.
 - But it's been proof copies this whole time.
 (all laughing)
 This is the year it's finally published.
 (all laughing)
 - How should we do?
 - No, let's do 30 million copies.
 (all laughing)
 - Okay, it's impressive, guys.
 Anyway, but my point is that the plot
 of the very hungry cat footage is completely inaccurate.
 - What?
 - For one very simple reason.
 'Cause on the first day, he has an orange on the second day,
 he has two apples, and I'm getting the fruits a bit wrong.
 But he eats a lot of stuff over the course of the day.
 - He eats some cocaine.
 - He eats some cocaine.
 - I don't think he read this book.
 (all laughing)
 What point is that almost all caterpillars
 have one specific plant only that they like to feed on.
 So the very hungry catapilla is an absurd fiction.
 - It should have just been every page.
 - He ate an apple, he ate another bit of apple.
 He ate another bit of the same apple.
 He ate another bit of the same species of apple.
 That's what you're recommending for the sequel.
 - Yeah, I am.
 (all laughing)
 - Very hungry and factually accurate catapilla.
 (all laughing)
 'Cause you know flies vomit, so you're a fly lands on your food
 and then it vomits straight away
 because it can't metabolize food internally.
 So it takes it in and vomits up its enzymes.
 - It's not true.
 - Yeah, that's true.
 But one problem that they have is at crime scenes
 because if there's a lot of blood at crime scenes,
 then flies would have come along
 and they eat a lot of the blood
 and then they vomit on the walls straight away
 and they create little blood spatters
 and people who are crime scene specialists
 have to know to tell the difference
 and they're looking really close up at blood spatters
 between blood vomited by flies and blood.
 - This is amazing.
 So what you can do is if people check your hands for blood
 after there's been a crime,
 you can say, "Oh, just a fly landed on it
 and vomited on my hands."
 So I was nowhere near it at the time.
 - And on my shirt and on this fat.
 (all laughing)
 Oh, there's one fly, man and a lie.
 (all laughing)
 - And here.
 - Anyway, here's my witness.
 (all laughing)
 - Go on, Derek, tell them how you did it.
 (all laughing)
 - Everybody, Dickie, tell me how many, Derek.
 (all laughing)
 - And all this cocaine on my hands as well?
 (all laughing)
 - Oh, that's Colin.
 (all laughing)
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we have said
 over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland, James.
 - @XshapedAndy.
 - @AndryHunterM.
 - And Chazinski.
 - You can email podcasts.ky.com.
 - Yep, or you can go to our group account,
 which is @kypodcast.
 You can also go to our website.
 We have all of our previous episodes up there.
 We have links to the tour that we're gonna be doing
 in October and November in the UK.
 We have a link to our book,
 which comes out in November as well.
 And if you want to, why not join us on Monday evenings
 on Facebook Live, where we're gonna be discussing
 the contents of this episode.
 So you can pick apart all of my interesting
 and accurate theories or talk to us about anything
 that you want.
 We will be back again next week with another episode.
 We'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
