 [banjo music]
 Hello, and welcome to another episode of Most of Things A Fish, a weekly podcast coming
 to you from the QI offices in Covent Garden.
 My name is Andrew Hunter Murray, and I am sitting here with James Harkin, Anna Tajinski,
 and Alex Bell, and once again we have gathered around these microphones to tell you our
 four favourite facts from the last seven days.
 So, in no particular order, here we go, starting with fact number one, and this week that
 is James.
 Okay, my fact this week is that when a prince in the Byzantine Empire was ready to marry,
 caught officials would walk around the land with an imperial shoe that they used to check
 the foot size of potential princesses.
 That is amazing.
 It's amazing.
 I mean, I can't really believe that.
 No, it sounds very much like a fairy tale.
 Yeah, it does.
 It's just my wife or something.
 Yeah.
 I jack up the Beanstalk.
 Yeah.
 So, does everyone do you think know what the Byzantine Empire was?
 I did not until I started researching this fact.
 So it is otherwise known as the Eastern Roman Empire, and the Roman Empire kind of split
 into two towards the end, and they had the Western side and the Eastern side.
 So this was around Turkey and around the Balkans, as they are today.
 Yes.
 In fact, they never called themselves Byzantins, did they?
 Or Byzantines.
 They always called themselves Romans.
 So apparently what would happen is when the prince wanted to marry, caught officials would
 go around not just with this shoe, but also with a painting of a perfect or ideal match
 that they should look like, and they try and find the perfect woman for him.
 This is like a manual tinder, then.
 I suppose so, but what if you're a terrible artist, for instance, and you're not very
 good at faces?
 So you have the same problem with tinder.
 You've got people with the Instagram filters that completely distort, you know, it's so nice
 having a young person here.
 It's my choice.
 I'm the only single person on the table on that, yeah.
 And I read this in the OUP blog, so it's Oxford University Press blog, and there's a whole
 thing about amazing facts about Byzantine Empire.
 It is.
 I'd never heard of this.
 There were wife shows, weren't they?
 And they would, you know, put these women on display.
 So it sounds like they would choose sometimes a, sort of, a lineup of women, so the mother
 of the prince would dispatch, you know, some emissaries to go around the empire, measuring
 up these women, and then pick the favourite 13, and then bring them back.
 And then there'd be sort of a bride show where they'd all, you know, they'd all be brought
 to podium, and then they could press their buttons to take themselves out of the game.
 Exactly.
 I'm trying a very labored way to describe the show, take me out, which I've never seen.
 And I, obviously, am flailing.
 I'd say it's more like an episode of the Bachelor, so the Emperor Theophilus had the Golden Apple,
 which he would then give to the winning bride.
 It's, I mean, it's literally the Bachelor.
 We're talking about shows that I've never heard of.
 How similar was it to blind date?
 Quite similar.
 Is it?
 Yeah, except the man behind the screen has the power to kill you if he doesn't like you.
 Okay.
 There's another thing about Byzantine wife finding for royalty.
 This is from a book called A Cabinet of Byzantine Curiosities.
 And the finalists who were the potential brides selected for the Emperor, they were sometimes
 examined, nude in the bath, by the prince's mum.
 Ah, so that's a bit like that.
 Another show where, what's it called, where everyone's naked, and you...
 Oh, naked attraction.
 Yeah.
 Yes.
 It is like that.
 All Channel 4 formats are taken from the Byzantine Empire.
 I think that was Theophano, wasn't it?
 I think it was just one mother who was particularly keen on getting the right woman who...
 Embarrassed.
 I know.
 She put the final three in the bath, and then she draped a golden robe around the one whose
 body presumably she thought was the most beautiful.
 Wait a minute.
 Wasn't there another show where someone went on a date, and their parents were watching
 the date, and they got to choose who had the date?
 I think that...
 I think there's a BBC 3 format based on that.
 Yeah.
 That's called Sun Sex and Suspicious Parents.
 No, that's a slightly different one.
 I don't care if I didn't watch these.
 I just work in television.
 That's the one where the parents go on holiday, secretly observe their children.
 They're being raucous abroad, and then they confront them at the end.
 I don't know if we'll be talking about a great historic civilization and empire in this
 podcast.
 We are Channel 4.
 But that would be so fitting, because it was always the mum, right?
 The son had no choice in it, it seemed like it was always the mother who'd go out and
 select the...
 She was very much the executive producer of these mountains.
 I looked into whether Byzantium was Byzantine, you know, whether the word Byzantine is...
 Because it's complicated by Byzantine, you know, that's what it means.
 And they...
 Was it an especially complicated place?
 It was quite complicated, but only compared with Western Europe at the time where you just
 had a load of feudal lords and things.
 And there were a load of behavioral codes about where you could sit at Royal Bankwits and
 what you could talk about and who you could talk to.
 But actually, compared with modern, for example, derivatives companies, then it's actually
 quite simple.
 So it's complicated.
 It's also the Facebook stages of most of the royal marriages given that...
 Yeah, my stepmother picked her out of the bar for me.
 I read that Byzantine in the way that we use it in common parlance has negative connotations,
 obviously, and that that was partly because the Empire was portrayed not only as complicated,
 but as quite secretive and lots of lascivious stuff was going on.
 And so one example of this was they were interquite a lot of sexual things that the West didn't
 appreciate.
 And one of these things was recorded by a historian who wrote a very famous book at the time
 called The Secret History, and it was about Emperor Justinian's wife, Theodora, who used
 to dance around naked in this huge atrium in front of lots of people in this theatre.
 And she'd just have a ribbon round her waist because it was actually legal to be fully naked,
 ribbon round her waist.
 And then she would lie on the ground and have slaves drop grain on her torso and other
 parts from above.
 And then she'd have a herd of geese fly in and peck the grain of her nude body.
 Wow.
 It would be a skeen of geese if it was flying in.
 Sorry.
 Oh, yeah.
 Thanks for that.
 I think landed and walked over.
 They'd become a gaggle of geese.
 They become a gaggle.
 Yeah.
 You were really in your focusing on the wrong aspects of the story, here you go.
 You were a massive kill during a strip club, aren't you?
 So the geese are pecking at her bits, are they?
 I believe so.
 Yeah.
 There's some question mark over how true this account is.
 I think this guy has sort of fallen out with her and Justinian at this point.
 You know when you go to St. James's Park and you want to feed the geese, and you throw
 bits of like bread there, not bread, because they don't like bread, but you throw stuff
 at them.
 And then always the pigeons come in and eat it, don't they?
 She reckons she was late, and the pigeons just can't live with that a bit since then.
 He doesn't recall that, but it can only have been the case.
 Is that sexy?
 Having pigeons.
 For anyone, no, even the geese, I would say.
 Geese are very aggressive.
 I would have thought it would be very unpleasant.
 I would.
 Just one would be bad.
 Yeah.
 Oh my God.
 I don't think.
 I'm not sure if I'll do it down there.
 Here's the thing about Byzantine Empire.
 It was around the same time as the Norman Conquest, it was happening.
 And when the Norman Conquest happened, a load of Anglo-Saxons from Britain became refugees
 and left Britain.
 And they traveled down into Europe.
 And they got to the Byzantine Empire where they kind of became citizens.
 And they lived around the Black Sea around Crimea, which it is today, and apparently they called
 it New England.
 Really?
 So that's where the first New England was, yeah.
 That's so cool.
 That is amazing.
 It's interesting, isn't it?
 Imagining basically the British becoming refugees and kind of going down to living Crimea
 given all the modern day.
 Yeah.
 Things happen.
 Yeah.
 Wow, and it would have been a much more progressive place then than old Anglo-Saxon just
 conquered England, which was a nightmare.
 I've got a couple of facts about matchmaking.
 Yeah.
 So in 1924, there was a magazine called Science and Invention, and it said that to match a couple
 up properly, one test that you should conduct was firing a gun in the air behind them
 when neither of them knew about it.
 And it's to test whether they're calm under pressure, because apparently in every couple
 you want someone who can remain calm under pressure.
 And if they both react nervously, then they shouldn't get married.
 That's interesting.
 I thought it would be that they were like, oh, we're all going to die, and then they kind
 of jump into each other's arms kind of thing.
 Yeah, to see who jumps in front of them, like in friends when Joey jumps in front of a sandwich
 when a car backfires.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 I would have thought it's quite good survival instinct to try and jump out of the way if you
 hear a gun being fired, though.
 And I would say you don't want two people in a couple who just stand there and let the
 bullet penetrate their bodies.
 That is true.
 Sorry.
 It's how they react to an extreme loud noise really close by.
 It's not, you don't have to fire a gun, ask anyone for this demonstration to work.
 How have he died in this experiment?
 This would be another great channel for full management.
 I have one fact about Cinderella's glass slippers, which was that in 2015, a scientific study
 was published in the Journal of Physics Special Topics, which worked out how practical the
 slippers would have been.
 And it based on a weight of 55 kilograms of Cinderella and a size full foot, she only
 would have been able to wear the slippers if she stood completely still, because if she
 tried to run away from the prints in them, they would have immediately shattered.
 But that's why they fell off when she ran away, and that's why, like, it wasn't worth it.
 Oh, right.
 They thought of that in the story.
 But actually, she wouldn't have been able to walk anyway, she would have to stand exactly
 still.
 The only way it would have worked is if they heels were 1.15 centimetres tall, which is
 not very high.
 There's an Italian version of Cinderella from the 19th century.
 Well, it's from earlier than that, but it was first recorded in a book about Cinderella
 stories from the 1890s.
 And that version has Cinderella being born inside a squash, like a button at squash.
 So her mother gives birth to her, but she thinks she's just given birth to a squash.
 And so she abandons her in the woods.
 And then the prints walks by, and by that time Cinderella inside the squash has learned
 to talk.
 So the prints walks past and says, oh, it's with, it's a talking pumpkin.
 And so then he takes it home with him.
 And I would argue this is a different story, like there's no detail so far that correlates.
 Well, there's the pumpkin thing.
 And then eventually she breaks out of the squash and acts as his servant, and then she goes
 to a ball he's holding dressed up as a princess, and he falls in love with her and they get married.
 And it's called, the story is called Zucatina, as in Zucchini.
 Oh, really?
 You know, related.
 What, presumably?
 Which one's Zucchini again?
 Cautier.
 Yeah.
 Also, is she in a courgette?
 No, it says she's in a button at squash.
 I guess they're all related, I say.
 Family, yeah.
 Same family.
 Some sort of legume.
 Okay, it's time for fact number two, and that is Anna.
 Yes, my fact this week is that China has built an exact replica of an Austrian village,
 so that tourists don't have to fly all the way to Austria.
 So this is the, based on the town of Halstadt in Austria, and I think it's the oldest village
 or the oldest town in Austria.
 It's really beautiful.
 It's your ideal, when you picture an Austrian village.
 It's kind of just really a delic.
 Okay.
 I'm just picturing that.
 Oh.
 Oh.
 It's nice, isn't it?
 Oh, sorry.
 I pictured a Swiss one instead.
 Oh, god.
 Mine's just sort of Chinese people.
 I can't remember.
 So this development was started in China in 2012 in Boluo County, which is sort of in
 the factory belt, and basically the bunch of Chinese architects were sent to the real town
 of Halstadt in Cognito, and they went round it, and they took lots of notes, and they did
 lots of sketches on what it looked like, or took some pictures like this.
 Not in Cognito, is it?
 Like, don't steal our town.
 Like, why they could have just gone to visit them?
 No one's going to care.
 Well, they might raise suspicions, and then they went back to China, and they started
 copying it at a very high speed, and it was built within about a year.
 And the mayor of the original town found out about halfway through.
 And he said he was a bit annoyed at first.
 He said they should have told us, but he's actually really impressed with the town.
 He says it is exactly the same, and he went to the official welcoming ceremony there and
 everything.
 So happily ever after.
 That's good.
 Yeah.
 Another fairy tale.
 Yeah.
 Are they twins?
 That would be nice.
 They are twins, yes.
 Yes.
 Good.
 Why did they do this?
 Because tourists are traveling.
 Well, I suppose China is quite interested in Western culture, and so they have quite a lot
 of replicas of other Western buildings, or Western enclave.
 Whole other towns.
 They've got a replica of Paris.
 They've got replica of a Swedish town.
 But the idea is that people can live there as well.
 You can move in.
 So there are lots of people living in this Austrian town.
 Yeah.
 And I think a lot of them aren't that successful.
 And there's a lot of people.
 There's a lot of people.
 Very nice.
 Well, I guess.
 But the one, the massive one of Paris that they built is basically a ghost town now,
 because it didn't work out.
 There's often this pretty successful, I think, and people actually are living there.
 And it's like a big, gated community.
 Some people live there, yeah.
 So it's mainly touristy.
 But the Paris one, I thought, yeah, they didn't quite finish it.
 Although they did build a huge, rifle tower, which is the main bit.
 I just think if you're going to build a new town, like we do that in the UK sometimes, why
 not build it that looks like New Orleans or something?
 Why not?
 Yeah, it might as well.
 Yeah.
 They're tried and tested, aren't they?
 Yeah, exactly.
 Exactly.
 And it's worked for Haustadt.
 This is probably one of the reasons why the mayor is OK with it, because visitors to
 the real Haustadt since the town was built, have gone from 50 to 1,000 per year from
 China.
 And I seem to be the only one who's not completely cool with this wholesale town plagiarism
 that's going on.
 What?
 Why not?
 Because, you know, things should be where they are and nowhere else.
 They haven't removed the town from the streets.
 Do you think maybe we should knock down Blackpool Tower, because that was just a copy of
 the Eiffel Tower?
 Oh, well, James, I had not had that brought to my attention before, and yes, I do.
 I think future archaeologists are going to be extremely confused when they come across,
 you know, the real Paris and then the fake Paris, and they're going to say, well, this
 seems to be the main civilization, because all of the stuff was here, and then that's
 spread out around the world.
 I get worried about that, actually, because you know how now, obviously, we've fetishised
 antique stuff and historical stuff, and we build houses in old style, and we have antique
 furniture, and I worry about archaeologists, a couple of thousand years in the future about
 confusing them.
 You know, going, wait, I thought this house was from the 21st century, but there's a
 16th century chair in it, and they won't know what to do.
 Exactly.
 Anyway.
 But this is a kind of thing, which is not unique to Chinese culture, but it is more prevalent
 there.
 So there was a study which found that of the articles submitted to the science journal
 at Shiejiang University, 30% of them were plagiarised either partly or wholly, and that's
 quite a high proportion.
 Yeah.
 And very few people theorised that it's about the way you learn Chinese characters, you have
 to learn through copying a repetition, and it's seen completely differently there.
 It's not seen as plagiarism to the same extent.
 Yeah, I read that apparently lots of theorists think that it's, as you say, because of the Chinese
 characters, and it's because it's so difficult to learn so many, that there's not enough creative
 space left over in Chinese brains for creativity, which seems like the most absurd reason you've
 ever heard.
 First of all, they invented almost everything we had up until about the 16th century, didn't
 they?
 Yeah.
 And then we copied it.
 And then we copied it.
 Yeah.
 We should be allowed to use a wheelbarrow, because it was invented by the Chinese.
 Yeah, that's really awkward, because you're now claiming that as the landmark invention,
 which is sort of insulting to some of the other things they did invent.
 Do you know what?
 I think I could get by the rest of my life never using a wheelbarrow.
 This podcast has taken a distinctly brexity flavour.
 Yeah, I didn't mean to.
 But yeah, they do.
 And it's kind of a form of flattery in a way, isn't it?
 It's just that interest in designs over the rest of the world.
 I think it seems that imitation is the highest form of flattery.
 That's the difference between wearing similar clothes to someone, and then getting
 plastic surgery for your face looks exactly like them.
 It's...
 I'd be flattered.
 Feel free, Alex.
 But massively wasted out.
 Have you heard about the replica Noah's Ark?
 No.
 No.
 So this was built in America in, oh, when was it finished?
 It was finished a few years ago, but this decade, and lots of people keep building replica
 Noah's Arks.
 But this one is massive.
 It's in Kentucky, and it cost $120 million to build, it's built by this Bible group called
 Answers in Genesis.
 So I think they're an online church.
 It took 700 workers, as long as an American football field, it's massive.
 How long is that?
 100 yards.
 100 yards.
 And it was built by a man called Ken Ham.
 Ham was one of Noah's sites.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 Also, the first chimpanzee in space.
 Yeah, I don't know which he was named after.
 If either.
 But they've got this massive plan, and no one knows what Noah's Ark looked like either,
 but they've insisted it's a replica.
 We have in the Bible, it says how big it is, doesn't it?
 It says the number of qubits by the number of qubits.
 Okay.
 But yeah.
 And Irving Finkel did that study, didn't he?
 So he's great at the British Museum, and he did that study that decided it was spherical.
 He thinks he's a coracle.
 Yeah.
 But his design is based on Babylonian tablets, so not on the Hebrew Bible.
 Yeah.
 For clearly he wants more massively reliable fare.
 He's working on another thing, Mr. Ham.
 Oh, yeah.
 He's working with his partners on a 10-year plan to build a biblical walled city in Kentucky,
 which is also going to feature a 10 plagues of Egypt ride.
 Wow.
 That sounds good.
 But then did they kill your first boss at the end of the year?
 That's the bit where the camera goes off.
 There's another boat, replica boat, in the news at the moment, actually, which is a replica
 of the boat that James Cook used to sail to Australia.
 So that's the endeavor, but that is moving to Whitby.
 So it's been in Stockton on Tees, and it's just been bought by someone for £110,000.
 And it's going to cost them £250,000 to move it 39 miles up the road.
 I was going to say it's not far from Whitby to Stockton.
 No, it's not.
 It's certainly not written to Australia.
 But I think it's the land bit.
 There's the problem.
 I mean, if you could sail there.
 Oh, is it going over the land?
 It has to go over the land a bit, yeah.
 I think that has passed the difficulty.
 It's oddly expensive to move boats across the land for some reason.
 Well, they're not going to get to Australia like that.
 No, no, they will come across water at some point.
 Are they going to resale at Australia?
 No, he's just going to literally move it to Whitby and keep it as a tourist attraction there.
 All right.
 And I wonder if he was told after he'd made the initial purchase that it was going to cost
 all the £250,000 to move it for where it is.
 On other replica model villages that aren't quite real places, in Gravesend, there's a whole
 town that's fake, and it's used by police to simulate pretty much any manner of crime.
 So, it's got like financial fraud, maybe they can do that.
 So, for fighting riots, for burglaries, bank robberies, hostage situations, terrorist attacks.
 So, Hang on, is this the most terrifying place to accidentally get lost in one year or two?
 Well, it's the most of the time, but then it'll suddenly be populated by about 300 members
 of the Met Police.
 Wow.
 Wow.
 They must have some stuff there, right?
 Because people are working there all the time.
 So, they must have like a microwave and they're probably a TV and some, you know, safes
 and stuff like that.
 Yeah.
 They're sick of all that stuff.
 And then when they arrest you, say, "Oh, no, no, I'm part of the team, I'm part of the team."
 I assume the response would be incredible, because you're literally in their training ground.
 And you've got like 400 policemen, you really eager to press their senior officers and prove
 themselves.
 Actually, I've never really felt like committing crimes, but I do kind of feel like going
 there and trying to steal something.
 And apparently, the one thing you want to steal is a microwave, setting your sights high,
 aren't you?
 Lock up your microwave, it's crazy.
 Pocos and James Harkin were tazered 80 times today and honestly, a single microwave.
 He was about clutching a microwave and a steak bake.
 Okay, it's time for fact number three and that is my fact.
 My fact is that ants have self-control.
 So ants are able to defer gratification and put in more effort to get a bigger treat later
 on than a smaller treat now.
 You offer it one small dollop of sugar, let's say 60 centimeters from its nest and then
 you put a bigger dollop of sugar 120 centimeters away and then you show the ant, the one that's
 120 centimeters away, it will walk out of its nest and ignore the smaller dollop and go
 the further distance to get the big one.
 Why doesn't it get both?
 Well, I don't know.
 I think maybe they stop it from going back for the smaller one later on and they explain
 that to it before it starts.
 I think so.
 You better choose now, Mr. Ant.
 They show it to the larger part, they give a little tour of the environment before it starts.
 But twice as many ants deferred gratification and went to the bigger one than didn't.
 And they tested it later on to make sure the ants weren't just picking something they
 already knew about.
 And they made the rewards of the same size in the experiment and in that case 83% chose
 the one that was actually closer, so given equal amounts of food, they'll pick the closer
 one.
 But anyway, I think it's a pretty amazing fact.
 It's really cool, yeah.
 It's incredible.
 Because they did a similar thing with Ravens who can understand the explaining stage.
 Can't they?
 They really can't understand English.
 According to science, Ravens are so clever, they can understand anything.
 I think they all understand the explaining stage, that's why the experiment yields the
 results it does.
 Yes, yeah, they do.
 They may not understand the briefing document.
 But yeah, they obviously train them to know that they won't get the small bit of food if
 they go and eat the bigger bit of food.
 And when they did it to Ravens, they gave Ravens a treat that was inside a box, so they'd
 show them putting the treat inside a box.
 And it's a puzzle box, you know, like one of those Japanese puzzle boxes.
 And then the Ravens worked out how to open the box using a specific tool that they used
 to open it, and then the scientists offered them either a piece of food that had been smaller
 than the piece of food that was inside the box, or the tool needed to open the box without
 showing them the box.
 And the Ravens, almost all of the time, chose the tool and went to open the box.
 With one caveat, so the study said that one Raven had to be excluded as it worked out ways
 to open the puzzle box without the tool, modifying bits of bark instead, so they were able to
 get into it.
 So this is like deal or no deal.
 Deal over the box is gone a bit of sausage.
 But then that is kind of delayed gratification, isn't it, because if you know there's a possible
 big prize you might get in the future.
 Yeah.
 Have we tried deal or no deal with ants?
 I don't think we have.
 Well, and I would watch a version of deal or no deal where every box had different bits
 of food in it.
 Would you have to eat the food at the end, though, on the show you'd have to, right?
 It gets to the end, you have to eat whatever's in the box that you choose to open.
 And that might be something you're allergic to, but you have to eat it.
 Their worst box is still 1p.
 Oh yeah.
 I was reading the study and apparently this self-control thing is supposed to be to do with
 the size of the brain of the animal, so the bigger the brain in relation to its body,
 the more self-control it has.
 And so I was like, okay, does that make sense?
 So I went and looked at a list of, there's a really helpful Wikipedia list of brain to body
 ratios of all the creatures in the world.
 And it got like so, humans have about, like, your brain is about the 50th to the size of
 your body.
 And like cats and dogs, it's, they have even smaller sets, like, the brain is 100th to the size
 of the body.
 Ants, the brain is 1/7th of their body, which I just found insane.
 I imagine if your brain was a whole 7th of your body.
 That's basically like your whole head, isn't it?
 No, it's bigger than your head.
 It's bigger than your head.
 I think it's like your head and your arms.
 Well, the clever thing that ants do using their massive brains is they, when given the chance,
 will use sponges to soak up liquid food.
 So this is really clever.
 Scientists gave them a pot of honey that was kind of mixed up with some mortar that they
 would find really delicious.
 And then they gave them some tools that they would find in nature, like twigs and pine
 needles and stuff like that.
 And then they gave them some different tools that they wouldn't find in nature, like paper
 and little bits of sponge.
 And the ants very quickly learned that the best thing to do rather than take a twig and
 go and dip it in the honey and take it back to its mates would pick the sponge because
 it realised it was more absorbent and went and dipped that in the honey and then took
 it back to its mates.
 It's incredible.
 Yeah, it's so cool.
 And then the next experiment, they gave them the choice of three different types of
 kitchen towel.
 And they always look for the one.
 The flash ball.
 Because they always know there's way more absorbent than the other lady around.
 Have we talked about Sir John Lubbock and his 19th century ant experiments?
 I believe not.
 He wanted to test like ants' friendship.
 So he put some ants in little environments, which was sort of an ant hill and there was some
 water nearby and some, you know, little other mounds of things.
 And firstly, chloroformed some of the ants.
 He sort of kidnapped the ants, some ants out of the nest, chloroformed them and then abandoned
 them a short way from the ants for the other ants to find them so they sort of found their
 friends.
 How do you chloroform an ant?
 How do you get your arm around it from behind?
 Very, very tiny car.
 Then he would observe what the ants did to either ants that were from their own colony or
 ants from another colony.
 But then he realized that ants don't recover from a chloroform, so he tried the same thing
 that he got, he got ants drunk, which he said was really difficult.
 He said, I tried the same experiment only instead of chloroform the ants, I made them intoxicated.
 It was rather more difficult experiment, no ant would voluntarily degrade herself by
 getting drunk, it's not so easy in all cases to hit off the rex of this compulsory intoxication.
 So, you know, he got these ants drunk and what he found was that sober ants would try and
 pick up and help the drunk ants, then the sober ants would take them back to the nest.
 Now, if the ant was from the same colony, it would kind of look off to presumably be inside,
 like it would have bucked it in a towel and they-
 Holders antenna back.
 But this is the creepy bit.
 This is the creepy bit, if it wasn't from the same colony, it would bring the sober ant,
 would bring the drunk at back out and just quietly throw it in the water and drown it.
 Wow!
 Which is horrendous, but yeah, isn't that amazing?
 I thought that, and for some reason, I thought that ants chewed each other's legs off when
 they got drunk.
 Hmm.
 I think that might be bees.
 Oh, you're right, drunk bees will have their legs chewed off by their friends.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 What to kind of stop them going out, like kind of when I take my mum's car keys away
 when she's drunk.
 I was like, "Oh, it's fine, I can fly, I can fly, and I feel fine."
 It's for your own good.
 You'll thank me in the morning.
 So this thing about self-control is related to the really famous experiment of the marshmallow test.
 Yes.
 She was done in the 1960s, across the years of the 1960s, lots of them by the same scientist,
 whose name was Walter Michelle.
 And he tested children, he said, "You can have one marshmallow now, or I'll come back
 in 15 minutes, and you can have a second marshmallow if you haven't eaten the first one, but if
 you want to be the first one, just ring the bell, and I'll come back and you can eat it."
 Some kids just immediately ate the marshmallow without even ringing the bell.
 Just one.
 Yeah, but basically he found that children who were able to defer gratification ended up
 doing better in later life, they got in less trouble with the law, they were healthier,
 they paid more, this kind of thing.
 What I would have done is when he left the room, I would have hollowed out the marshmallow
 and eaten the middle.
 So you get the matter in our marshmallow, but then you leave it on the table so it looks
 like you don't need it.
 You are like the child who took an Oreo apart, licked the cream from the inside, and then
 put the Oreo back together.
 That's what happened in one of the experiments.
 What happened to him?
 He is our president of the United States.
 But actually kids are getting better at this, aren't they?
 There's been some work done this year, or quite recently, which found that the
 children are getting better by about six seconds per year, as in the average of how long people
 were waiting.
 And there was a guy who did this study was called John Protsko, and he asked a load of psychologists
 what they thought, and a load of child behavioural experts, what they thought.
 And only 16% thought that children's self-control had improved since the experiments of the 60s,
 and 52% was sure that children would have been much worse at it, but actually they're better.
 Wow.
 So it's not like now that everyone is just watching YouTube all the time.
 So does this mean that the intervals between are we nearly there yet?
 They're going to get six seconds longer every year?
 The one?
 Yes, so we are more nearly there than we used to be.
 Do you know who's also good at it?
 This experiment is a Camerunian children.
 They found out, I think this was this year in the last couple of years, so they repeated
 the marshmallow experiment with three to five year olds from Germany, and then three
 to five year olds from Camerun from the Nusso tribe.
 And they found that while 30% of the German kids managed to wait long enough to get the second
 treat, 70% of the Camerunian kids did, and they're not entirely sure why they think it might
 be because from this particular group of people have strict appearance, and so it makes them
 used to being patient and waiting for staff.
 But yeah, they're really good at it.
 In that experiment, 10% of the Camerunian children just fell asleep waiting.
 Yeah.
 They didn't have to, they didn't fall over the tall.
 And there's another theory about why it might be.
 Maybe you're right, it may be that they've got strict appearance, and they're just told
 to be quiet and be patient more.
 But also, there's a thing about how much you trust that you're going to get the second
 marshmallow at the end.
 Yeah, I was thinking that actually, when you first had the experiment, there were a few
 things like that.
 For instance, one, you might not be that hungry, you might think, you know why I only really
 want one marshmallow and two would be a bit much, so I'm just going to have this one.
 A good scientist would starve the children beforehand.
 Well, what do you mean by good in this room?
 Yeah, well, you might not like marshmallows on a body at all, so you might wait not because
 you've got self control.
 Hey, can I give you something more about ants?
 Yeah.
 So scientists have started putting barcodes on ants in order to monitor their behaviour,
 and they just look really cool.
 So this was said in passing in an experiment as to how ants respond to loneliness, which
 is a bit sad actually, they don't like it at all.
 So scientists plucked a few ants out of their colonies and they put them on their own and they
 fed them and everything, but they still died 10 times sooner than they would have otherwise.
 10 times sooner, that's terrible.
 They hit me on their own, because they don't live for long anyway, do they?
 They don't.
 I don't suppose they do, actually.
 I don't really know.
 Some ants queen ants can live to 20 years, which was quite amazing.
 That's incredible.
 That's true, rubbish.
 Queen ants are the only ants who can legally drink the alcohol in this experiment of
 ounces. Anyway, to monitor ants, then scientists have started putting these tiny barcode backpacks
 on them, and they glue them on, and this means they can just monitor all of their behaviour.
 So now we can really get detailed impressions of ant movement and everything, because we've
 got computers locked onto every barcode, but we're only going to learn about ants that carry
 backpacks around.
 Do you think their behaviour might change when you put a backpack on them?
 Yeah, they'll probably think they're on that gap here.
 They'll probably just go cleaning their chakras and whatever.
 We've learned that ants really find themselves.
 There's an ant expert called Clint Penic, who says he can identify different ants by their
 ferrimones, just by smelling them.
 He's lying.
 Well, he did it successfully for his mate.
 He had an ant infestation, and he went and sniffed them, and those ants were the ones that
 smelled like blue cheese.
 Well, what does he do?
 He says, "Oh, that one's Derek, and that one's Arthur, and that one's..."
 He doesn't know all the individual ants by name, but he does know different types of ants,
 and he says, "Some smell like chocolate, but you have to crush their heads in order to smell
 it, so that's a bit of a shame."
 Oh.
 Hello, I've brought my new pet ant, I wonder if you can tell me which kind of this place.
 Yes, of course.
 Crush.
 I'm afraid your ant was not one of the one-two's heads, but I was like, "Shorten up, I'm
 in front of the head."
 Okay, it's time for a final fact, and that is Alex.
 My fact this week is that when filming the famous hill scene at the beginning of The Sound
 of Music, the helicopter down-draft would knock Julie Andrews over after each take.
 I really want to see this be-roll.
 That's incredible.
 And she said this herself, right?
 Yeah, in some interview, in a sort of behind-the-scenes documentary, or I think it was actually
 a documentary by Sue Perkins, that she made about The Sound of Music and a town where it
 was filmed, because it's filmed in a town in Austria, and it was not a big film there.
 And most of the people who live there, they know it exists, but they've never seen it, and
 they're kind of a bit baffled by why Taurus, so many Taurus from the YouTube.
 It's actually in Germany as well.
 It's in Germany.
 The hill scene is filmed in Germany, which I think is a cruel irony given the plotline
 of the film.
 Well, the other cruel irony is that they only had enough budget for one day of helicopter shooting,
 so they hired the helicopter for one day.
 They filmed the very first scene of the movie with Julie Andrews spinning around on the
 hill a few times, then the helicopter immediately flew off over the mountains to film the very
 end of the film.
 The last scene, which is the Von Trapp family walking over the mountain.
 That's wireless.
 Yes, wireless.
 Which is someone in the film walking over the mountains, but the story is based on a real
 life family.
 In real life, they escape whatever was they running from by train.
 They escape the Nazi.
 I'm sorry, if you want to see the sound of music.
 I actually haven't seen the sound of the movie, but it's much of a spoiler.
 I mean, I did know that the Nazis didn't win the war.
 So they escape.
 They escape.
 They might have won this battle.
 In real life, the Von Trapp family escaped the Nazis via train, but in the film, they had
 them escaping by foot over the mountains, and they filmed them going over the mountains
 straight in the direction of Hitler's private chalet.
 So they would have bumped into Hitler, if he carried on watching the film after the credits.
 The post-credit scene is when they reveal a bit of the Marvel films, was it the Eagles
 Nest?
 Yes.
 Yes.
 Was the name of the private.
 The Eagles Nest would be a great sound of music too, even to the Eagles Nest.
 So she fell over.
 Because I was watching a Missbusters, because they were testing exactly the strength of
 a helicopter down draft, and they made this model head, and then they made a helicopter hover
 above it, and they tested the force that was coming down on it, and it's very small.
 So I was like 50 grams of force, and then it went up to about 100 grams as it accelerated
 upwards.
 It's pretty windy if you go near a helicopter.
 It's windy.
 And it came down very, it came down dangerously low, because it was pretty health and safety,
 and there was one point at which Gideon was like, "I thought I was going to lose my head."
 I just think she maybe was a bit weak.
 She probably was very slight, and she was a movie star.
 She were in a big dress.
 She was.
 Big, flowy dress.
 And she was on a quiet, steep mountain, and it was probably already windy, I'm sure.
 But apparently they did 10 takes of this, and she started screaming, "Okay, that's enough.
 I've had enough now."
 But the helicopter pilot couldn't hear her, so he took it to mean, "Yep, let's go around
 for another take."
 So he just kept going.
 Wow.
 It's weird that, because yeah, she said the helicopter pilot thought I was just saying,
 "Yeah, fine.
 Keep going."
 But you would have thought as the helicopter pilot, if you've watched yourself knock
 this woman flat on her face five times, you'd assume she was complaining about it by that
 point.
 Yeah.
 I think the downwash is quite strong.
 Yeah, maybe Mythbusters didn't crack the formula for a strong downdrop.
 I guess it depends on the helicopter, definitely.
 And it depends on a load of other things.
 But there is amazing footage online of a helicopter taking off.
 And as it goes, it just knocks over an entire row of porta-loos and it sends them all over
 the place.
 And there are huge ribbons of blue paper flying off into the sky.
 It's brilliant.
 Oh, wow.
 Yeah.
 There was a guy in Manchester who was playing golf this year and his ball was on the side of
 the green and a helicopter went past and blew his golf ball into the hole.
 Does that count?
 It doesn't know, but his mates didn't know that at the time, but they suspected it.
 He said that they didn't pay up the 50 pH they would have owed him for getting a burning.
 He said they accused me of colluding with a pilot.
 I'm now known as Chopper Henderson.
 Just on golf courses and helicopters, there was a really good cracked article that was written
 by a helicopter pilot who was talking about the ridiculous task he's been given as one.
 And he was once hired by some people who wanted to play golf to fly his helicopter across
 of about two grand an hour over the golf course to dry the greens because it had rained
 the night before.
 Yeah.
 He used that method to dry their crops.
 So for example, cherry farmers fly a helicopter really low because cherries get a lot of moisture
 on the outside right?
 Yeah.
 Or you can just blow the water off.
 Yeah.
 But if it soaks in, then the cherries will split after a certain point they can't absorb
 that much water.
 And then if it's split, there's a much higher chance it'll rot.
 So you just get a chopper to fly over a few times, dry cherries.
 Yeah.
 As a hotel in Sussex made of a converted helicopter and it's called the holy copter.
 Because of holiday.
 Yeah.
 I thought because it had holly the plant on it or it's like hollywood or...
 No.
 It's funny when you see it written down.
 Although it's still pretty funny when you say that loud.
 I love it.
 I think it's great.
 Drawing as a person called holy copter somewhere.
 Probably.
 No.
 Yes.
 No.
 Just counts on it.
 Must be somewhere.
 Copter sounds like a medieval job.
 Well, the thing is copter in helicopter is not the suffix.
 The suffix is pter.
 It's my favourite etymology of all time.
 Always has been.
 Yeah.
 It's helico, pter.
 I should tell you what that is.
 I should tell you what that is.
 I should tell you what that is.
 I should tell you what that is.
 That's what I call it.
 Because pter is like a pterodactyl, which means...
 Pterodactyl is wing, wing.
 Yeah.
 And helico, helix, so what the blade's been around, yeah.
 Yeah.
 What do you know when the helicopter, the first functioning helicopter, was invented and flown?
 Um, 1920.
 Nice.
 1784.
 Wow.
 What?
 I got the teen bit.
 You did very well.
 So in 1784, though, these two French inventors called Lornoi and Bianvenu.
 And they...
 I mean, that's me trying to write a French character and can't think very well.
 And he's called Bianvenu Panzelon.
 It was his real name.
 He was a very welcoming man, and he made a toy helicopter, but it had a rotary wing and the...
 Because they didn't have motors at that point, the power was provided by a spring mechanism,
 and they made it fly up in the air, and it was only a year after the first successful balloon flight,
 which feels like a big step in the right direction.
 So that was the first helicopter.
 Wow.
 I think you talked about on QI this year, or going in the coming series, how the BBC plan
 for the Cold War was to broadcast the sound of music on repeat in the event of a nuclear strike.
 Really?
 You know, because everything else would be pretty awful.
 Oh, and what we wouldn't find at awful having the sound of music on repeat for all of you to not see.
 This good news is me and Andy haven't seen it.
 Yeah.
 You're going to feel really guilty about that spoiler, Alex.
 Okay, that's it.
 That's all of our facts.
 Thank you very much indeed for listening.
 We will be back again next week with another podcast.
 We have a website, which is no such thing as a fish.com.
 Is it?
 Yeah.
 We have a website, which is no such thing as a fish.com.
 You go there.
 You can see all of our previous episodes.
 You can find out details for our tour, or off on tour around the entire country, and you can find details for our book,
 which is going to be published very soon, in which you can pre-order now.
 So please do that.
 We'll be back again next week with another podcast.
 We also have what?
 Twitter.
 Yeah, but let me get to it, guys.
 See you later.
 Goodbye.
 Also, we have Twitter accounts.
 You can find us on Twitter.
 I'm on @AndroidHunterM.
 James.
 @JamesHarkin.
 Alex.
 And Anna.
 You can email podcast@ky.com.
 And all you can do to our group, Twitter account, can't you Andy?
 No, I don't think you can.
 It's done back next week.
 I hope so.
 Or you can go to our group Twitter account, which is at no such thing.
 We will be back again next week with another episode.
 We'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
