 is anyone else cold? No, I'm okay. I am wearing a jumper. Oh, yeah. I'm wearing two jumpers.
 No fucking way. I'm naked. No, I'm cold. Thanks for giving me a jumper, James.
 Hi. Hello, everybody. Welcome to Drop Us Align, the clubfish bonus lounge where we talk about all the
 facts you've sent in or the corrections you've sent in, and we're going to be getting some of those
 out of the inbox. Yeah. I'm reading through them, putting them back in the inbox. It's going to
 be great. Putting them back in the inbox. Yeah. Okay, let's get cracking. Here is a message from
 Ellie. Ellie says, "I hope you're well. I really enjoyed listening to the blobby chat." This was
 the Rachel was on. Yeah. She says, "Even more so, because I can exclusively share what blobby school
 is really like." Ah, blobby school being where, when it was turned into a theme park? No training
 academy for being blobby. Yeah, but they needed blobby's for these theme parks. You're right.
 I got to experience the absolute horror of being Mr. blobby in real life during an ill-fated
 short-lived Panto run recently. So basically, there was one blobby costume designed for actors
 who were around five foot six. She's five foot four, and she was sharing it with a colleague
 who was six foot two. Wait a minute. So this isn't a pantomime horse thing, where they're both in
 the costume at the same time, is it? One person's blobby's arms and the other one's blobby's legs.
 Blobby on all fours is even more chaotic, Mr. blobby. Blobby on all fours is a pantomime I do not
 want to see. Weirdly, I do. Imagine a pantomime blobby. Oh, God. So anyway, Ellie says, "We met
 Paul Denson, the current official Mr. blobby in a rehearsal room in Milton Keynes. There was a brand
 new blobby suit waiting for us. My six foot two colleague was the first to venture in. He was,
 of course, far too big for it. Blobby's legs don't go all the way up. They stop mid-thigh.
 And they're attached to braces. So his crotch and backside were very much visible.
 The producers simply sourced some pink leggings. Yeah, that makes sense. Blobby's school consists
 mostly of running around manically and screaming. He doesn't bend his knees nor does he look where
 he's going. Interestingly, blobby's vocals are all live. You are mic'd up inside and your voice
 goes through a modulator. So actually, if you say, "Fucking hell, it's hot inside this costume," does
 it come out as blobby blobby blobby blobby blob? I think it does. Or do you have to say blobby blobby
 blobby blobby blob, I wonder? Ellie doesn't specify. She's just to tell you how the show went.
 The first performance went about as well as you'd expect. Not only was I bringing blobby
 carnage, I didn't know my exits, entrances, or even queues. Neither did the other actors or crew.
 That sounds like Panto, basically. It does sound like an incredible Panto.
 Is it because I've never seen blobby, except for the videos that I've now seen or chat about it,
 but it's a very dangerous character to be playing. You're bumping into things falling
 over, causing chaos. I can speak from experience. Well, you've got experience, that's what I was
 going to bring up. Yeah. So I was on QI as a giant chicken in a giant chicken costume,
 which, and I can empathize with the size of the costume, I wasn't supposed to do it because,
 you know, I'm a very evidence researcher on QI. I'm not a chicken costume guy. And it was supposed
 to be one of the runners, I think, was going to do it. But they got a costume. And weirdly,
 the runner was too tall for it. And as was everyone else on production, either too tall or too
 short, apart from me, who it perfectly fitted. So they made me do it. And I mean, it was fine.
 Goldy Cox. Because it's a chicken costume, cockerel. Yeah, lovely. Great. It's just right.
 Yeah, yeah, brilliant. But yeah, I think I can really empathize also with this person because
 you can't see where you're going. You really can't. And this was even in the costume that I had,
 which had eye holes. You really don't know where you are at any stage. And you're dancing around
 and you're trying to act, obviously, because you're trying to get your point across and you're
 in a giant costume. And I went right over on the set and really kind of laughed as well, right?
 Because the chaos of someone in a costume who hurts himself, there's no sympathy. It's just a
 is the problem that because chickens are prey animals, aren't they? They're not predators.
 Yeah. And a human, human's eyes are at the front of their face because we're predator animals. Whereas
 a prey animal's eyes are at the side of its head. I see what you're saying. So you want to have an
 accurate costume. Yeah. Doesn't imply that blobby is a predator.
 I think that is implied. Yeah. But anyway, when I was chicken, I got a massive cut on my leg,
 which I've still got a scar. I saw a photo the other day you put on Instagram, which in the
 green room afterwards, we were just I kind of was so I had a very sore leg. Well, I'm like, oh,
 yeah, whatever. And it was only when the blood was sloshing in my shoes. And I was walking and
 it was making like a sloshing sound. I was like, oh, there might be something there. And it was
 really bleeding right down into my shoes. Oh my God. Is there a time limit on suing
 productions? I think you're still in the grace period. Perfect. I've got a blobby fact that got
 sent in as a bit of correspondence that I wanted to mention. So ages ago, you remember, Andy, you
 and I went on a podcast of a friend of ours called Stevie Webb. And Stevie has a show called Brain
 Rot where he talks about B move horror movies. So you watch it and then you go on the pod with
 him and you talk about this movie. Yeah, really good. He wrote to me after listening to our episode
 about Mr. Blobby. And he just said that he is connected to the world of Blobby. And he's connected
 by the fact that we talked about one of the songs that Mr. Blobby did that was released as a single.
 He was one of the children who was part of the choir. So Stevie Webber Brain Rock podcast.
 He must be loaded because the of every Christmas that comes out. You can't walk around the
 department stores of London without hearing Mr. Blobby. Exactly. It's haunting him.
 That's really cool. He only did one single, I think, Mr. Blobby. So it will be that one.
 Mr. Blobby. Yeah. So that's the I think that's the blobby discourse very well dealt with. I did buy
 that single, by the way, the Mr. Blobby single. Oh, yeah. Tape or CD. It was on CD. On CD. Nice.
 My first single I bought was on tape. Was it? Yeah. I think for me too. Yeah. I was at about
 1997. That's late for tapes. I was Cheapskate. Oh, maybe I didn't have a CD player then.
 Don't remember. Right. Here we go. We always used to give you crap for not telling personal
 anecdotes. I see now why you've been. Shut it down. Oh, dear. Right. Here's a bonus thing. This is from
 Lawrence in Pontypryd. He says long time listen the first time blah, blah, blah. Not an auspicious
 start. A note on Rachel's, go Rachel Paris, mention of Peter Dowdwell eating sausages on John Evans'
 head. Okay, yes. So this was a gentleman who had lots of speed eating records and speed drinking
 records and Rachel listed all of them. And then the pièce de résistance was he had the world record
 for eating sausages on someone's head. And we weren't sure whether he was eating them off the
 head as in the head is shaped like a plate or whether he was sat on the head and eating them.
 Lawrence has chapter reverse for us. He says I was surprised. None of you know John Evans.
 As he's a pretty famous strongman slash head balancer. Oh, cool. And was a bit of a stalwart on
 TV in the late 90s or early 2000s. He was always balancing loads of milk crates or eggs or a mini
 on his head. I know who he is. Yeah. And on his website, which is www.headbalancer.com,
 there's even a photo of him balancing Peter Dowdwell sitting on a bed of nails while drinking a yard
 of ale on his head. The problem is that John Evans is very common name, right? And so I didn't
 immediately associate him with this strongman. No. Are you now claiming you know who the strongman
 John Evans is? I know who John Evans is. Yeah, yeah, me too. I'm on his website. I'm on headbalancer.com
 now. Cool. Oh, you've got a car in his head. He's got a car in his head. I sold you a mini.
 That can't be a real mini on his head. I think it's a real mini. No. Yeah, they, I think they strip
 out everything for me. It's just the shell of the mini. Yeah. It's a chassis. Anyway,
 so thank you, Lawrence. We're all better informed about who John Evans is now. I love it. Thank
 you. There's an email which is going to make one of you two the happiest man alive. Okay.
 It's from me. I'm leaving. Just one of us. Amazing. Anyway, right. Tiffany Cheng. Hi,
 everyone. I was just listening to the latest Drop As A Line where Dan was getting a right
 old kick up the ass for a dumb joke about musicians. Thank you. Thank you. In one of the emails,
 the composer who wrote in said that he wishes musicians could fake their way through a piece
 of music. Now I'm a professional violinist and I have to say we fake it all the time.
 In my opinion, one of the core skills required in being able to make it as a professional
 is this. There is simply too much music or not enough time or rehearsals. Your skills of sight
 reading, following cues around you, like are you playing the right notes with everyone else,
 visually following your colleagues or the conductor to who you could be performing with
 for the first time are some of the skills required to fake their way through a performance.
 Pieces may be under rehearsed. There may be last minute additions. There have been many
 disasters where people have got lost or conductors are straight up conducting the wrong thing.
 Once I played a concert where one half of the orchestra was half a bar in front of, in front.
 And from our backstage debrief, no one knew what happened. They call that counterpoint. That's all
 that is. After a minute, we were able to come back together. It is at these moments of panic
 and disaster, a musician's ability to fake it and cover their mistakes are vital. The less the
 audience can tell, the more highly skilled musician. So I guess I felt just a little sorry for Dan,
 but I did get a good laugh at the outrage in Tiffany. That's great though. What a cool fact.
 Yeah. And thank you. Thank you, Tiffany. Yeah, yeah, yeah, that is. Does it make
 you the happiest man alive? The moron rises. Yeah, I am back baby. My confidence is back.
 Flags in Canada. You remember those? Oh, where you, they were up one day at a time and then
 you registered to be given it. Yeah, yeah. And the waiting list is 100 years plus.
 So Timothy Conlon writes, you've probably received the CML a thousand times already,
 just in case you haven't, we haven't. You can get a flag that's been flown over the US Capitol
 Building and the waiting time is six to eight weeks, not a hundred years. Why? Because they
 do a hundred thousand a year. And basically, as far as I can tell, they fly these flags for about
 30 seconds each. I thought he was going to say, you can get a flag from the Capitol Building if
 you turn up on January the 6th. Just grab one, it's fine. You can get laptops, you can get anything.
 And I look this up, your flag has run up the flagpole for 30 seconds. Why? And then it's
 to give to people who want a flag that's been over the Capitol and it comes with an authenticity
 certificate that you can personalize. But they don't sell it. They, I think they might sell
 them actually. So I looked up the program and it's for keepsakes and it might be for an anniversary,
 a death or another occasion. And so, yeah. So someone's job is just to put a flag up 30 seconds,
 bring it down, next flag up down. They can't have automated the procedure yet. Yeah. Yeah.
 Well, because you still have to treat the flag with respect. And if you're doing it in such an
 important landmark as well. But you could make a robot that treated the flag respectfully. Can you?
 You could program that in. Maybe. These days. Chat GPT it. Yeah. These days. Yeah. We talked
 about Brighton Quickie Divorces also in that episode with Monica. Zach Bulpit writes in. Excuse me?
 Zach Bulpit. Bulpit. Bulpit. B-U-L-P-I-T. Great name. Brilliant name actually. It's always good
 to hear a good name that you haven't heard before. Yeah. If Zach was a vicar, you could do Bulpit
 in the pulpit. His new podcast. Brilliant. Anyway, Brighton Quickie Divorce was definitely real.
 My grandmother divorced. Oh, sorry, Brighton Quickie Divorce where you get observed in pseudo
 adultery. You get a train down from London to Brighton. You go in a hotel. You stay in a room
 with a woman, probably who you've never met. Someone says. Like a cleaner sees you. Cleaner
 sees you. And then you get a train back up and you've got evidence that you were divorced, that
 you were cheating. Yeah. My grandmother divorced her first husband like this. So, Zach, by paying
 a hotel maid to catch her husband and a friend of theirs in bed together. And big quotation marks
 on catch because it's not really cool. Yeah. The whole thing was completely staged and everyone,
 including the maid, knew. Yeah. I got a tweet from someone called Peter Sutton Fitzgibbon.
 And he said that his mother and father, who were called Marjorie Steele and Dudley Sutton,
 they were quite well known actors back in the day. And they got divorced Brighton Quickie Style.
 Wow. Wow. That's incredible, isn't it? It's good to have some because we weren't 100%
 sure. Yeah. Sorry, you weren't 100% sure because you brought the facts, Andy. And you weren't,
 you knew it was in novels and stuff, but whether it actually happened. But yeah,
 it seems like it did. That's awesome. That's another thing we should say if you're listening to
 this and like we do accept corroboration. That's a nice thing, actually. That would be the best thing,
 isn't it? Yeah. Because we don't do that much. We don't, we sometimes say, if anyone out there
 is listening, can you say it? But it gets in the way of the chat. But yeah, if you hear something
 where we're unsure, please find out for us. Do you remember where we were talking about
 vaginal suppositories on the last drop us a line? Yeah, I do remember that. And then we were getting
 deeper into, I confused Vaseline and Valium. Oh, yes. And then someone said, no, but you can put
 Valium in a vaginal suppository. Sarah Warack writes, Hi, all. I'm happy to contribute to the
 drop us a line inception by sharing with you my favorite non-rectal suppository. I am a clinical
 pharmacist in Massachusetts. And during pharmacy school, I was horrified to learn that there is a
 treatment for erectile dysfunction that involves pushing a pellet of alprostadil down the urethra
 prior to sex, then rolling the penis to distribute the drug evenly. Rolling. With a rolling pin.
 Doesn't say what. You know that song by limp biscuit that goes rolling, rolling, rolling. He's
 actually talking about a PNL suppository. Wow. Is that still in play? The PNL suppository. I think
 so. And she sent through a link to the package, scroll down for the visual instructions to get
 the full scope of what's really happened. I just sent you a dick pic. No, it's a dick illustration.
 Oh, yeah, you just roll the penis between your hands for at least 10 seconds. Like you're rubbing
 sticks. If you feel a burning sensation, it may help to continue to roll the penis for an additional
 30 to 60 seconds or until the burning subsides. Wow. There we go. Thank you, Sarah. I was going
 to mention this on a show not too long ago, but there's a thing now for pre-ejaculation where
 I was premature. No, no, no, pre. Okay. No, so premature ejaculation. There's a thing that
 there's a new invention. There's an episode where we're going to be talking about inventions at some
 point, and it's something that you place in between the anus and the penis. The perineum.
 The perineum, as it's otherwise known. And then that kind of is connected to an app. So while
 you're having sex, if you feel like you're on the brink of ejaculating too soon, you can press
 this button that kind of then sends a message to this thing that you've placed. I see. And it
 kind of zaps you and or does a thing. Distracts you. Distracts you. Oh, yeah. Like, yeah. I don't
 know if it's out on the market yet, but yeah. Interesting. Does it work? Do we know if it
 works? I mean, it's invented and they showcased it at some kind of. Does it require you to have
 your phone out during copulation? Exactly. It's often frowned upon. I've frowned in the past when
 I'm desperately doing research for fish. I was in my research for that, which I never used,
 which I guess you guys might have seen. There's a really cool thing in New Zealand for people who
 want to be checked for testicular cancer, but they're embarrassed for whatever reason. And it's
 like a glory hole. And what you do is you turn up and it's in the doctor's eye. She was in a
 doctor's and you go behind the wall and then you put your testicles through a little hole and then
 the doctor can have a feel and check your testicles. Well, good lord. It does sound like a confession
 booth, but it is. That actually you need to go to another confession booth if you do that in the
 first confession booth. That's really bad. That's really bad. Yeah. Anyway, that is a nice invention,
 isn't it? I mean, anything that can make sure more people get checked. Yeah, absolutely. Definitely.
 Good. Again, it does feel like a pervert strata. All you need to do is disguise yourself as a
 doctor and get into the surgery. You only have to do like seven years of training to become a doctor.
 Yeah. It's a long game.
 We're actually going to a public toilet though, seeing a glory hole and putting it through and
 accidentally having a doctor on the other side who diagnoses you. Not a good day for the pervert.
 Sean King writes, yeah, in James's defense. Is that how it begins? Yeah. The expression,
 would you jump in my grave as quick? Oh, yeah. Does exist and is commonly used here in Ireland.
 If, for instance, someone takes the seat you've been sitting in. Yeah, I haven't.
 I haven't heard anyone using Andy's expression for which your expression.
 Sorry. I haven't heard anyone using Andy's expression.
 The great thing is, this is your own expression. I think your pop's in over.
 Such a good expression. I wouldn't piss on your shoes if you were dead,
 but I intend to start. So thank you, Sean. Wow. So what was the phrase? It was would you jump
 in my grave as quickly? Yeah, right. And actually, I had spoken to quite a few people from up north,
 and I think it could possibly be a northern/Irish thing, as in, you know, get a lot of Irish
 expressions in the north of England. Years ago, I watched a sketch which was Dave Allen,
 the great comedian, Irish comedian. He used to do stand up and then he'd sort of go,
 I wonder what would happen? And then he would cut to a sketch that was pre-filled. Yeah, great.
 And he had a thing where he was saying within, what's Ireland predominantly, Christian?
 Or Catholic. South of Ireland is Catholic. Okay, right. So they would have a thing.
 Almost all Hindu. Very strange.
 But what they would have is such a vex question, you've just asked that. What's
 going on with them in Ireland? Oh, boy. Sorry. How long have you got?
 I was just, because I was thinking, what did Dave specifically say? I can't remember, but within
 one of the religions, there is a... This is going to be a three-hour drop as a line.
 You would have a thing where he said, if on the day where a burial was happening
 at a graveyard, only one of the people being buried that day would have sent to heaven
 as a result of... So his whole thing was, so what would then happen if two funeral processions
 were carrying a coffin and spotted each other on the way? And then it cuts to a sketch where
 they're chasing and racing to get there and so on. And I wonder if that slightly,
 would you jump in my grave as in, would you ascend to heaven ahead of me?
 I see, I see. He sees. Andy does not see, just want to let the listener know.
 I'm closing my eyes to it. Yeah. Do you remember we talked about Mr Pringles?
 Yeah. Sorry, the inventor of the Pringles, who was very...
 Sarah. Okay, with Sarah Pascoe, exactly. This is a thing, it's from Tom Holderness.
 Dear James Andrew Dan/The Late Great Anna, still alive.
 Just listen to your episode with Sarah Pascoe where she shared the brilliant fact that the
 inventor of the Pringle was buried in a Pringles can. It reminded me of a similar morbid fact,
 this is amazing. The stovetop mocha pot coffee maker, Renato Bialetti, 1923 to 2016,
 was buried in a giant version of his creation as well. Stunning. It was used in place of an urn
 at the funeral. It was invented by his father Alfonso, but he ensured the brand's ubiquity as
 the design was so simple and successful that many tried to copy it. Now, I'm just, I have
 got an image for you here. I think I know what you're saying.
 Of a pre, is the mocha, is that silver pot with two halves of it? Yeah.
 Yeah. There's an image from the funeral. That's the funeral.
 Him being buried in like his ashes in a mocha. It's like a silver teapot,
 but it's almost like an octagonal shape and then below it, it's got another octagonal cylinder.
 So imagine that, basically. That is so good. It's M-O-K-A, if you want to look it up. It's
 unbelievable. That's great. Perfect. Any more of those, if anyone has them. Oh, God, yeah.
 We'd love those. Tom ends just to round off his email. He gives us some more context.
 Attached below are some photos from Renato's funeral. It isn't known if the ashes were put
 where the ground coffee would normally go. It's a little bonus fact. Other people buried
 in their own inventions include several Egyptian pharaohs and the inventor of the coffin.
 I think Tom could come on the show. Absolutely. Tom Holdeness. Tom on the show. Oh, my God.
 Just a couple more. There's an email from Bob Harris, who is the radio.
 Quite a famous quizzer. He's been on Jeopardy! 14 times. He wrote us an amazing email. He wrote
 us an amazing email. He's written a book called Prisoner of Trebekistan, because he was on
 Jeopardy! so many times. He's done loads and loads of things. He's an incredible guy. And
 Trebek is the guy who hosted it. Exactly, yeah, who hosted it. Jeopardy! So anyway,
 Bob is a lovely man. He sent us a lovely email. He writes, "Urgent info,
 read my personal relationship with President Garfield's Anus." Call back to episode one.
 This simply cannot wait, Bob says. I grew up and my mum still lives in Mentor, Ohio,
 walking distance from Garfield's family estate, where, as I'm sure you know, for the
 housing years of 1876 to '81, both Garfield and his Anus resided so happily that they rarely left.
 It would be a strange world where his Anus just popped out for some milk and he stayed at home.
 Wandering Anus of present Garfield. Popped out for some squirrel soup.
 Until their inauguration as president. Fast forward to October 1969,
 more than 88 years after Garfield's last meal, and less than 88 years since his Anuses.
 Six-year-old me was on an elementary school tour of Lawnfield, that's the estate,
 a decade before the place was considered such a landmark. Security was lax,
 so naturally I stole the opportunity to sit on several pieces of furniture,
 all of which were claimed to have been original and all of which remain in the collection.
 Thus, there still exist multiple squares of fabric that have passed mere millimeters from
 Garfield's cul-de-sac and my own. I assume you are suitably impressed? I may have to add this to
 my LinkedIn. I'm properly impressed, yeah. There we go. Thank you, Bob. I love that.
 Cul-de-sac means bottom of the bag. He could have just said, "Cole,
 didn't have to add those extra two bits." Yeah, Bob. Uh-oh. Beef alert.
 Well, all right, Bob, we're asking you out for a fight, apparently. Thanks for your email.
 I'll take beating the shit out of Bob for $1,000, please, Alex.
 One last email from Andrew Ferguson in Australia. Good name, mate.
 He wrote a while ago saying, "Happy New Year." We've actually heard from Andrew once before,
 but he wrote a second time. He said, "A quick message for Andy. I got somewhat bored
 over the holiday break and so started to think about what you might look like as a muppet."
 Without knowing what you look like? Or what just goes on. Now, I mean this in the kindest
 possible way. You're really rather average and unremarkable looking,
 which made it kind of hard to muppetize you. Have we said this before on this show? I feel
 like we must have done, but there is a bit of a meme when we get fan art that Anna looks like
 a woman. I look like someone with crazy hair. Dan looks like someone with glasses and a beard
 or whatever. And Andy is usually just a stick man. Just a stick man, yeah. Well, Andrew agrees with
 all of you. Says it makes it very hard to muppetize you. If you had a large nose or glasses or an
 eye patch, then that'd be better, but nonetheless. Have you considered going eye patch? Oh, yeah.
 Because I've got the glasses and big nose covered. Yeah. Well, if I lose an eye at any point,
 I'll be thrilled that the fan art quality will really go up. So anyway, but Andrew has been
 in touch and he actually got in touch. And this box arrived in the office recently.
 He's made it. Let's have a look. This is a huge, huge box. Oh, wow. Oh my God.
 Is a completely average looking muppet. I honestly, what has happened here is he's just
 got a spare muppet of an average man and he's looked around at the internet going,
 "Who is the most average person I can find?" And as what I've said, you've got to get this out
 of the house. It's got to go. Is there anyone? Did they not do one for us? You got your own.
 This is incredible. And he's included some rods. Put your hand in and do some talking.
 You don't have to make up a voice. Hi. This is the worst audio thing.
 The thing is, I nearly put his mouth on the microphone. I was so convinced. He does look like
 you. He does. I think that's really handy. Yeah. Even like that, you know, Andy has generic photo
 face, that one photo. Here's another thing about Andy. Look at any photo of him and it could be
 the same photo. Andy does the eyebrow lift in his photo. Oh my God. Your muppet has it.
 Your puppet has it. Yeah. So thank you so much, Andrew. We'll put up a photo. Yeah.
 That's really cool. That's really cool. It is amazing. The only thing that would have made
 it more perfect if it was wearing a 20 year old black keys t-shirt, that would be the only thing
 to really stamp it as you. Yeah. Bye. That was him saying it, not me.
 I want it to keep going. Maybe muppet Andy, you can do the email address and all that kind of
 stuff. Oh yeah. Good idea. All right. So thank you so much everyone for listening. If you want to
 get it. Don't do a silly voice. Do you? Okay, everybody. That is it for this episode of Drop
 Us Align. If you'd like to get in contact with us, maybe you've spotted some extra information.
 Maybe you've spotted something we got wrong. Maybe you just want to say hello. All you have
 to do is write to us. We are podcast@qi.com. Thank you so much for listening. We hope you've
 enjoyed this. We'll see you next time. Bye.
