 (phone ringing)
 (speaking in foreign language)
 (lively music)
 - Hello and welcome to another episode
 of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast
 this week coming to you live from Manchester!
 (audience cheering)
 (audience cheering)
 - My name is Dan Schreiber and I'm sitting here
 with Anich Zinski, Andrew Hunter Murray and James Harkin.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days
 and in a particular order, here we go.
 Starting with you, James Harkin.
 - Okay, my fact this week is that the first loop,
 the loop roller coaster closed
 because so many riders were passing out.
 (laughing)
 - Oh, that's the end of the show!
 (laughing)
 - They were passing out, they were passing out.
 This was, so it was on Coney Island, it was in 1901
 and what it was, it was a loop, the loop.
 I don't know if you would notice this today,
 if you look at a loop, the loop, they're not circular,
 they're kind of like elliptical things.
 And the reason is, if you have a circular loop, the loop,
 it basically kills you.
 (laughing)
 Really?
 - Yeah, this one, it's called the Coney Flip Flap
 and it was giving people, it was,
 (laughing)
 it's that rude in Manchester.
 - No!
 - So the Coney Flip Flap produced 12 G's
 of gravitational force.
 - How, how, what is that?
 - That's, I think, that's a lot.
 - It's about 9G, it's like the maximum
 that like air jet pilots, fighter pilots ever go up to?
 - Oh my god, exactly.
 So the biggest, the craziest roller coaster today,
 I think is 6G.
 And this was 12 G.
 I mean, it just, basically, you went on it
 and more often than not, you passed out
 or you got wet plash or whatever.
 And they made more money charging spectators
 to watch the frighten riders.
 (laughing)
 - You just put on someone you don't like.
 Oh no, I've bought you the ticket, go on mate,
 you take it.
 I'll see you in a bit.
 - That is so funny, right?
 - I actually read, and I've only just noticed,
 this is the case, looking at the year in my notes.
 But there was a roller coaster in France in 1846
 that did have a loop, but it was just a cart on a track.
 But it went fast enough to have a loop there.
 And there were lots of reports about it,
 but people who operated like fairgrounds
 or the equivalent then were prone to exaggeration.
 So first of all, all the new stories at the time
 reported it as going at 150 miles per hour,
 which is as fast as the fastest roller coaster today.
 So that's impressive.
 They tested it at the time using sound bags, eggs, and monkeys.
 And, but yeah, apparently they had loops up to 12 meters high,
 I read in a book called The Incredible Screen Machine,
 but the book also points out that the makers were prone
 to massive exaggeration.
 They could snap riders next.
 - That is bad.
 - It put people off.
 (laughing)
 - You don't want the photo to be going off
 just at that moment that you're next up to you.
 (laughing)
 - You get barrism as the least of your worries at that moment.
 (laughing)
 - And those, I think the French ones,
 it was just, it was a one person loop the loop.
 So it was just you in the sled.
 You go down the thing, loop the loop, your neck breaks,
 and then the next person comes in.
 - The next person still gets on.
 (laughing)
 - This is a really cool thing.
 Okay, so Coney Island, they had a load of roller coasters
 and one of the first ever ones, I think it was called
 the Switchback, and it was founded by a women's underwear
 magnet called Lamarca's Thompson.
 - Yeah.
 - And it was a moral mission, 'cause Coney Island was full
 of alcohol and other immoral attractions.
 - I really struggled not to say the word prostitutes there,
 didn't I, but.
 (laughing)
 - It's crazy you avoided it though.
 (laughing)
 - And he made a roller coaster, but the thing about it was,
 it went at 10 miles an hour, which is not especially first,
 and it had to be hand pushed.
 So, you would get, workers would push it to the top
 of the first hill, everyone gets on, it then goes down
 to the big slide and then slides along a bit and then stops,
 everyone gets off, workers have to push it to the top
 of the next hill, everyone gets back on again.
 - Oh wow.
 - Did you say it was an underwear magnet though?
 - Yeah.
 - And it was a moral mission, 'cause I would have thought
 that actually, saying about roller coasters,
 it was an extremely good way to advertise your underwear,
 isn't it?
 Because the way it works off when it's on display.
 - So, I don't think I've, I don't think I've,
 I think I missed that one at Thorpe Park, isn't it?
 (laughing)
 - What?
 Where have you been taken?
 - I just, my mum used to dangle me out the window
 by my ankles and then tell me we were two people.
 - Yeah.
 This guy, Lamarcus Thompson is his name.
 He was the inventor of it.
 And as Andy's saying, it was about morals,
 but specifically, he invented it to stop people
 from being tempted by Satan, specifically.
 So, he was worried that Satan would get people,
 and he thought this roller coaster
 would bring them back to Jesus.
 That was genuinely the idea behind the invention
 of the Coney Island roller coasters.
 - That's cool.
 So, another licentious kind of theme park.
 This one hasn't actually opened yet.
 There was, there were hoping to open it this year in Brazil,
 but they haven't opened it because of the political problems
 there and the financial problems,
 but it is a sex themed amusement park
 called Enrotica Land.
 Okay, it had penis shaped dodgyms.
 - Oh, but one should be a penis shape
 and one should be a vagina shape, right?
 So, when you crash, it's like, oh, that's sexy.
 (audience laughing)
 Is that sexy?
 - James, "Aderotica Land," everything is sexy.
 - And the locals were really worried
 and they thought that maybe, like all of the people
 going to this theme park would just end up having sex
 all the time.
 But the guy who was behind the project, Moro Marata,
 said that no one would be having sex in this theme park.
 But if attendees do want to take things
 to another level, they can go to a nearby motel,
 which we will operate.
 (audience laughing)
 - You know, the king of roller coasters,
 the great lord of roller coaster design
 is a guy called Ron Tumor.
 He died a couple of years ago, I think in 2011,
 but he couldn't go on roller coasters himself.
 So he got extreme motion sickness,
 but he's the person who's pioneered
 every roller coaster design, you know,
 any kind of spin, loop, the loops, all that kind of stuff.
 And he himself said, riding roller coasters
 never really appealed to me.
 I rode once or twice and that was enough for me
 to get a general idea of what it felt like.
 - Wow.
 - And then he designed like 93 roller coasters.
 And he also designed a heat shield
 for the Apollo spacecraft missions.
 - No.
 - Yeah, sure did.
 - Wow, wow.
 - Have you heard of a guy called Richard Rodriguez?
 - No. - He's so cool.
 So he has spent his whole life,
 pretty much on roller coasters, i.e. in 2007,
 he spent 17 consecutive days and nights
 in blackpool on a roller coaster.
 - 17 days, he slept on there, he ate on there.
 He took a five minute break every hour,
 just a shower or go to the Lou.
 - Well throw up, presumably.
 - But he's been doing this since 1977.
 - Wow.
 - And he keeps on breaking his own record.
 In 1977, he did four days in Coney Island.
 And he trained himself by sticking his head out
 of a car window for hours on end.
 (laughing)
 Like a dog.
 - Do you know what the oldest
 operating roller coaster is?
 The oldest continually operating one.
 - No.
 - Is, and the only reason I mention this
 is that I used to live in Melbourne
 and I went on this with my mum and we went on it
 and we came off and said that is the most painful,
 uncomfortable experience of either of our lives.
 And it's because it's a roller coaster
 that's over a hundred years old
 and no one's ever done anything to it.
 It's in Luna Park in Melbourne.
 - Oh yeah.
 - And it's been continuously running
 since I think about 1905.
 But it's a horrible experience.
 - Is it because your skirt was at the entire time?
 (laughing)
 - In a few years ago, thought park,
 they asked the public for donations of their own urine
 to help make an authentic smell
 for their new horror movie themed ride.
 (laughing)
 And if you have strong feelings about that,
 you can just send your own donation
 to the park management.
 (laughing)
 - Would they just gonna spray it in the air
 to give it a sense?
 - I don't know.
 - I think it was a publicity stunt, to be honest.
 - There must be rules about that.
 - Although who would write the rules?
 (laughing)
 - I would think of past that.
 - Yeah.
 - Is somewhere going.
 - I know it seems really far-fetched,
 but I just want to write this rule
 'cause I reckon just possibly someone's gonna ask
 for the public urine from all the coasters.
 I know it seems niche, I don't know why,
 can we put it in the big rule book.
 Is there a big rule book?
 - Yes.
 (laughing)
 - And so just going back to this loop, the loop.
 - Yeah.
 - So it was, did I say 12G?
 I think it was 12G.
 And that is pretty much as much as you can manage
 as a human, or that's what people thought.
 But then there was a guy called John Stapp,
 who decided to make himself a sled,
 which basically went really, really, really fast
 and then just stopped.
 And he wanted to see how much G-Force,
 the human body, will be able to stand.
 And this was important, it was in the 1940s,
 it was important because new airplanes were coming
 and they needed to know what people would do.
 And they thought that actually most people
 would maybe kind of die around sort of 12 to 15,
 something like that.
 But he managed to do 46.2G.
 - No.
 - Whoa.
 For one instant, his body weighed 7,700 pounds.
 - Whoa.
 - What?
 - Yeah.
 - Wow.
 - Do you know how you do it, though,
 if you ever do need to withstand huge amounts of gravity?
 - I know.
 - You, so I was reading this in a article
 about how jet pilots prepare for it,
 and the way they get prepared is they're put in this chamber
 at the end of a really long arm
 that's spinning round and round,
 and they're trained on how to deal with it.
 And what you do is,
 you have to strain like you're doing a poo,
 and you make sort of a hick sound.
 So you've got to sort of,
 and that prevents the blood from flowing away
 from the brain too far.
 So it means you can remain conscious longer.
 And the guys who can tolerate lots and lots of G-Force
 are called G-monsters.
 - Oh, cool.
 (laughing)
 I've seen that contraption.
 So they sit at the end, they spin round and round.
 I've seen it, I've seen Brian Bleser do it.
 Was he straining?
 - Well, no, he was training to be an astronaut in Russia,
 'cause they said they were gonna send him up to space.
 There's footage you can see if you wanna see it,
 it's on YouTube, he gets into it,
 and he's saying, I've been built, I've been up Everest,
 I'm built to last in this thing.
 I have a body and lungs bigger than anyone else.
 I'm amazing.
 And he sits inside, and it starts,
 and immediately he's just there going,
 (laughing)
 It's the funniest thing I've ever seen.
 It's just a terrifying blessing.
 Going at G-Force and astronaut, let's go.
 I go, (laughing)
 - But that's actually also what he looks like
 when he's straining on the toilet.
 (laughing)
 - Should we move on to our next facts?
 Time to go on to fact number two,
 and that is Andrew Hunter Murray.
 My fact is that America has a national grocery bag
 packing competition.
 - And this is a huge deal in America.
 They get crowds cheering and gathering
 of people film it, and it's just people
 who work at checkout till packing groceries into a bag.
 - That's it.
 - And is it to see the fastest person to do it,
 or the most groceries packed in a bag?
 - The criteria are so strict, I love it.
 So you all get the same stuff like you and your fellow competitors.
 So we would all get the same items,
 but they vary hugely in terms of weight.
 Some of them are fragile, some of them are very dense,
 and the criteria you get marked on is speed,
 but also bag building technique, style, weight distribution
 between bags, attitude, and appearance.
 - Attitude.
 (laughing)
 - But they're really strict.
 So one person finished really, really fast,
 but his bags weighed 17 and 21 pounds.
 And the woman who won, her bags weighed 19 and 19 pounds.
 She got it dead on.
 - Wow.
 - And did she know the weight of the object's pride
 of putting it in?
 - No, no, no, no, you're just picking her up.
 - Wow, you're just feeling it, smelling it.
 - Oh, yeah, yeah, it's so good.
 You don't need to smell it, so look how heavy it is.
 - But that would be attitude.
 That would get you attitude, boy.
 - That's about 12 kilos.
 (laughing)
 - I would draw coins for attitude
 if someone snipped my shopping all the way over here.
 - I was shocked in, I lived for three months in Kosovo
 'cause my grandmother was living there,
 and there was our local grocery store,
 which took an hour each time,
 even if you were buying like six items,
 'cause they didn't have any price tags on each item.
 So the person at the counter would pick it up
 and stare at it for ages, and never spoke out loud,
 but I could see they were going,
 "If I were a can of baked beans, how much would I be?"
 And really thought about it, and then slowly packed.
 So I feel like that's good attitude.
 - Yeah.
 - So there's one contestant from each state in America.
 There are 50 competitors out there.
 If there are two really good backpackers in your state,
 then they have to have a bag off.
 That's true.
 - And they call themselves bag fleets.
 - Oh, like athletes?
 - Yeah. - Bag fleets.
 - It doesn't quite work, does it, as wordplay?
 - If you win your store, where you work,
 your home store gets a gold plated cash register.
 - How useful.
 (audience laughing)
 - Oh my god.
 - It doesn't have a story, I don't know.
 - It's quite good if robbers come into the store,
 and they ask for all the money from the till,
 you're like, stupid robbers.
 (audience laughing)
 - But the Washington state competition
 has a guy who is called a bago whisperer.
 - Again, doesn't quite work, doesn't it?
 - But he's a store manager and he's coached
 a couple at least of successive champions.
 - Yeah.
 - He's not as impressive as being a horse whisper
 'cause horses don't speak English,
 and so it's really amazing that you could communicate
 with the horse, communicating with someone
 who banks shopping.
 I mean, I find that quite easy when I'm in the shop.
 Put it in the bag, look, look how she is actually
 putting it in the bag now.
 (audience laughing)
 - As well, so the really elite ones are called bag fleets,
 but actually they're all called baggers,
 aren't they?
 They all call themselves baggers if they do this job.
 And I went on to Urban Dictionary
 to find out any other meanings of the word bago.
 (audience laughing)
 - Go on.
 - No, just.
 A flamboyant member of the Tea Party in America
 is known as a baga.
 It's a derivative of the word tea baga,
 and it describes the costumes.
 (audience laughing)
 It describes the costumes with tea bags
 that the members were.
 But it does also say, sometimes it is used as a derogatory name
 because it also depicts a unique sexual act.
 (audience laughing)
 And you can fill in the rest yourself.
 (audience laughing)
 - Did you know the first time that you could bag your own stuff
 was in 1916?
 So this is the first self-service grocery store.
 So before 1916, you had to go into a shop with your shopping list
 and you had to give it to the person who worked in the shop
 and say, go and do my shopping for me.
 And then you waited for them to bring it to you,
 which was really time consuming
 and you needed lots of clerks to go and do it.
 So in 1916, the first self-service shop was set up
 what we would call just a shop.
 And it was called Piggly Wiggly.
 (audience laughing)
 Intenacy.
 And no one ever knew why he called it that.
 The founder was someone called Clarence Saunders
 and he launched this shop with a beauty contest
 and he gave free flowers and balloons to all the kids who came
 and he'd never explained why he called it Piggly Wiggly.
 - He did once.
 - Was this why he said he just thought it was a funny word
 and he would talk about it.
 - He got asked, yeah, why is it called Piggly Wiggly?
 And he said, so people will ask that very question.
 (audience laughing)
 - Sorry, so you're saying 1916 for that
 because I was reading in 1929,
 was in America the invention of the grocery bag
 as a paper bag.
 And it was a guy who invented it called Walter Dominaire
 and he woke up in the middle of the night.
 He had a vision in the middle of the night
 and he woke up and he went, oh, bags.
 And because he had it, he had it.
 - By the way, he kind of does this.
 - Yeah.
 - And then he's getting, I've got nothing to breathe into.
 (audience laughing)
 - Yeah, good boy.
 So he woke up, he went, he went bags
 and he woke his wife up and he said,
 bags and she, they had a shop, a grocery shop.
 And he went down with his wife early in the morning
 and his thought he had was to have these a brown paper bag
 and to punch holes in both sides to put the strings in.
 And so they did that.
 They put strings in so that it was handles
 and then that day they started selling them
 and people went nuts for it.
 They sold them incidentally very sort of full circle
 for five cents, you know.
 So it was, you bought it for what we've now returned to.
 - Oh wow.
 - Yeah.
 So he sold them, everyone went crazy.
 They were buying more bags and they were the actual stuff
 in the grocery store and then they ran out of bags.
 They bought more bags and then she sat there
 customizing all the bags with magazines and newspapers.
 So she cut out pictures that she thought were really nice
 and she stuck them to the side of each bag
 and just sold that.
 And then he filed it as a patent
 and he became a multi-millionaire
 over the next couple of years
 and they were the largest manufacturer of grocery bags
 in America for a very long time.
 I think I've made that bit up.
 But they were, that feels right, doesn't it?
 So that, yeah, just quickly.
 Do you know what people had before they had shopping bags?
 This is so cool.
 Before you had a shopping bag, some people,
 not everybody, but a lot of people had cornucopias.
 So you know in sort of old paintings,
 you have these horns of plenty
 and it's full of fruit and lobster and white grape
 and everything.
 People would take...
 Like a big horn.
 Like a big horn, it was wicker
 and you would take your horn of plenty to the shops.
 Oh, wow.
 How cool is that?
 Why don't we all have horns of plenty?
 Why have we been cheated from our birthright?
 I think we could, we could have a new business, couldn't we?
 Yes.
 According to Dan, this other guy made billions.
 Yeah.
 If we start making horns of plenty for life,
 would you buy a horn of plenty?
 I think if you come up with any business idea,
 starting with the phrase, according to Dan,
 you need to be really careful.
 Plastic bags, when they started,
 this, the marketing was so confident
 that it was going to change the world.
 This is from the Baker Light Corporation,
 who were the first people to put out plastic bags.
 They said, and this was literally their PR,
 that this bag had transcended the old tax...
 How do I say that? Taxonomy?
 Taxonomy. Taxonomy, thank you.
 Had, boys, goods have an added point.
 Had transcended the old taxonomy of animal mineral...
 I said, really close.
 So what's it again? Taxonomy. Taxonomy.
 Taxonomy. I mean, soft pedal it.
 Taxonomy. Yeah.
 They said it had transcended the old taxonomy of animal...
 CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
 That's going to be awkward to wear it with that massive cheer.
 I guess the people of Manchester just really love taxonomy.
 Darling, did Manchester invent taxonomy?
 Come on, Dad, you've got to get to the end of this.
 We've lost it.
 This will better be fucking good, Dad.
 Jesus.
 The Baker Light Company said that it had transcended the old taxonomy of animal...
 CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
 ..of animal mineral and vegetable,
 and now we had a fourth kingdom whose boundaries are unlimited.
 That is cool. Yeah.
 OK, it is time...
 For fact, number three, and that is my fact,
 is one of the things you need to know in order to become a British citizen
 is who introduced shampoo to the UK.
 Oh. It's an actual thing that you get asked.
 And who was it?
 Well, his name is...
 Sheslow, get out.
 His name is Shakedeen Muhammad.
 He was a Bengali, Anglo-Indian traveler, inventor.
 He opened the very first curry house in the UK.
 It was in London.
 But he also opened up these amazing things called the shampoo baths of the UK.
 There was shampooing baths where you would go in.
 And it was basically a massage, and it was all sorts of oils,
 and it was like a spa.
 It was a bathing spa.
 And weirdly, that is a question that you get asked when you're sitting down
 to work out if you're allowed into the UK as a citizen.
 Have you seen the list of questions?
 Yeah. I mean, they're unbelievably hard, aren't they?
 Literally, no one would be able to get any of these answers.
 Yeah.
 It's like, you have to know what year was the battle of the boy just off the top of your head?
 Who's 16-80?
 Get out.
 16-80.
 I don't know when it was.
 You get out.
 I know you're going to have to carry the show from this point onwards.
 In the previous version, it was worse in the past.
 In the previous versions of the test, you needed to know 49 different websites
 and 36 telephone numbers, including the phone number for the National Academic Recognition Information Centre.
 You still need to know that there are still five telephone numbers on it,
 so they have paired it down, but you still need to know the phone numbers
 for their House of Commons.
 The Welsh Assembly, and the Scottish Parliament,
 but weirdly, in the five telephone numbers that you need to know,
 999 is not there.
 Hello, is that my MP? There's the burglar in my house.
 What like, and what are you going to do about it?
 Oh, fine. I'll ring the Welsh Assembly, if that's possible.
 I read one question that's in it. Apparently, it used to have this question.
 Suppose you spill someone's pint in the pub.
 What usually happens next?
 Bunch up.
 I rather think that that depends.
 The answer in London will be very different from the answer in Manchester, I think.
 What happens in Manchester?
 Well, why don't you try it tonight?
 Is it a quaint local custom that if you're a newcomer to the city,
 you have to spill as many people's pint as possible?
 Yeah, that's right. Okay, great.
 Any stuff on shampoo, maybe? Yeah, sure.
 This is just interesting. The word shampoo is kind of an Indian, a Hindi word,
 and it comes from "shampna" meaning "to need",
 and it comes from the same word as "chapati".
 No way. Just an interesting thing.
 I got completely distracted and I started looking at how people's hair
 and how animals clean themselves,
 because if you don't shampoo, eventually your hair gets back into a kind of balance.
 Well, actually, I tried that.
 Oh, yeah. Yeah, for QI, right?
 Yeah, for QI, I tried going six months without washing my hair.
 I remember that, and it does not work.
 And his wife was not.
 Well, this was before I was married. Actually, I was single, actually.
 Oh, okay. Yeah.
 Actually, around the same time, I read something else,
 which was that if you put an onion in your shoe and walk around,
 then by the end of the day, you'll be able to taste it in your mouth,
 and that doesn't work either.
 Wow.
 But it does probably explain why I was single.
 Okay, there's so many reasons.
 So when a fly cleans itself, right? It combs itself.
 It sort of combs its body and it's got hairs sticking out of it.
 When they clean themselves, the particles that have gathered on them
 are catapulted off the hairs at 1,000G.
 What? No.
 Well, it's 1,000 times the acceleration of gravity.
 Is that G? It is, yeah.
 Probably missed time to zero or two.
 But do you know how cicadas keep themselves clean?
 This is so cool.
 They have, on their bodies, tiny, tiny nanoscale pin cushions
 that mean that when a bacteria bumps into them, the bacteria explodes.
 Wow.
 And what that cleans them through the explosion?
 Well, it doesn't clean them. It just means they don't have a bacteria on them anymore.
 That is so cool.
 Not if you're a bacteria. Sure.
 Yeah, no one ever speaks off of the bacteria.
 It was on the cicada side.
 Actually, the reason we need to wash our hair,
 I think, is quite interesting.
 It's that we have all these sebaceous glands and they create oil into our scalp
 and so it gets really oily and gross, and it's to waterproof.
 So our scalp is quite waterproof. Our face also has quite a lot of them.
 So that's quite waterproof.
 But we don't have any of these glands on the palms of our hands,
 or the soles of our feet.
 So if you grow hair on the palms of your hands, or the soles of your feet,
 you don't need to wash it as a consolation.
 I have hair on my feet. I've got like a hobbit feet.
 So the soles of your feet. No, the soles of your feet are hairy.
 Hang on, are we quibbling over what soles mean?
 I think so. Yeah.
 The bottom bit. Okay, no, yeah, yeah.
 Oh, my god.
 Okay, we should move on to our final fact.
 Do you guys ready to go to the final fact?
 Okay, it's time for a final fact of the show and that is Chazinsky.
 Yes, my fact is that if your metabolism was as fast as a hummingbirds,
 you'd need to drink a can of coke every minute to stay alive.
 Wow.
 It's this hummingbirds have the most incredible metabolisms that we can't imagine.
 So they've processed sugars so fast that they need to drink one,
 12 ounce can of fizzy drink.
 No, no, the equivalent of.
 Sorry. Yeah.
 We're just seeing a poor hummingbird get back to its nest with a 16 pack of coke.
 Then quarter of an hour later, I'll back to the bloody shops.
 But that is if we had to have the equivalent to survive,
 then we'd be eating or drinking 202,000 calories a day.
 We'd have to eat to stay alive.
 So they have to visit 2,000 flowers a day. It's a lot.
 Yeah, I read that I read 1,500 flowers on them, obviously,
 another website every day. And what I liked about that is it's approximately
 the same number as there are Greg's in the UK.
 The human flower.
 But what I worked out is with all the calories that they get and everything like that.
 If you were a hummingbird, it's the equivalent of going to every Greg's in the UK
 and eating half a steak bake in everyone.
 Coincidentally, I've never managed more than half of a steak bake.
 Yeah. Am I a hummingbird?
 No. Wow.
 I mean, hummingbird hearts are so cool.
 They beat ten times a second, and that's quite slow for a hummingbird,
 despite being the size of a rubber on the end of a pencil.
 What? That's the size of hummingbirds.
 No, the heart, just the heart.
 Oh, sorry.
 But they're small though.
 They are small, they're not.
 They're not six-foot tall animals with hearts,
 the size of a rubber on the end of a pencil.
 They would be fainting all the time.
 But so the heart beats up to 1,200 beats a minute, which is very fast.
 But even when they're resting, it's 500, and as a result,
 at night, just to prevent themselves from dying overnight,
 basically every night they go into a coma,
 and their heart slows down to 50 beats a minute.
 It's still pretty fast.
 It's like hibernation.
 It's like hibernation.
 They literally every night.
 And you can prod them and they won't wake up.
 Obviously don't.
 LAUGHTER
 Yeah, but yeah.
 They also, just all the figures that you read about hummingbirds,
 you really have to think about in process.
 So their wings flap up to a hundred times a second.
 Yeah, that is completely insane.
 And as I read it, I think I must have written it wrong.
 Yeah, but you haven't.
 I read it in the National Geographic,
 and so I should say, by the way,
 that this came from an amazing article on hummingbirds
 from the National Geographic sometime in the last year,
 so you can't get it anymore, but it was really good.
 But that's, I mean...
 Something quite cool, though, researchers have done,
 to work out what their visual perception is like,
 is they worked out how they respond to optical illusions.
 So this, again, was in the National Geographic,
 and they got one of those optical illusions
 that is a spiral of black stripe
 with white stripes in between it.
 And when you spin that round,
 it looks like it's moving away from you.
 And they put a test tube full of hummingbird food
 sticking out of it.
 And so the hummingbird gets its beak in,
 and it's got its little fork tongue
 that drinks from the test tube.
 And then, when they start spinning the spiral,
 the hummingbird, just like humans do,
 thinks that the spiral's moving away from them,
 and because they can fly backwards,
 they reverse out of the test tube,
 because they're like...
 Sorry, they think it's moving towards them.
 So they reverse out of the test tube.
 So they do have the same eyesight as we do,
 and also, they're kind of idiots.
 They get backing away from their food.
 They've got really interesting legs as well.
 Basically, they've got almost like display legs
 in that they're attached to them,
 but they can't walk on them, so they land,
 and they can't walk, and they can't hop.
 So they're just there for like standing purposes.
 What do they do?
 They can do a sideways thing.
 You know, when they can like, so like...
 Oh, no, no, no, no.
 Because I don't know how to describe it.
 But, you know, so like, they'll like land on a branch,
 and then they'll just be like...
 Hello, Steve.
 A shuffle. For anyone who's listening to the podcast,
 and shuffled sideways, that was the word he couldn't think of,
 so he had to stand up.
 Can I just say as well, for them, that's called a lec,
 and it's a mating dance.
 And I can kind of...
 Well, I'm not sure I can see my...
 I can't see that.
 Tell me, I met my wife.
 Hey, I didn't.
 That's the...
 Yeah, that's how they...
 And they do that on a stick attached to a tree, a branch.
 They do that on a stick attached.
 Their mating only takes half a second to begin to go end.
 What do you mean only?
 And the courting only takes a few seconds as well.
 And they dive...
 Yeah, they do, don't they, to impress women,
 they go up higher than they dive at 60 miles an hour down,
 and they also make chirping sounds.
 They tweet, but not with their mouths, with their feathers.
 So all hummingbirds make different chirping sounds,
 and it sounds exactly like bird tweeting,
 but they're doing it with their tail feathers.
 So it's when they swoop the way that they vibrate as they go through the air,
 makes a certain noise, and it's really beautiful.
 And as a Smithsonian put it,
 imagine if you could sing with your ponytail or your beard.
 That is what it's like to be a hummingbird.
 That's pretty cool.
 And that singing towards it just kind of sounds like a chirp, right?
 It is a nice chirp, but it's just a chirp.
 But if you slow it down and play it into a computer,
 they can hear real levels of complexity that humans can't hear.
 - Levels of complexity? - Yeah.
 Like what?
 Please, I just want to stop drinking coke.
 God, just let me slow down.
 So there is only one known piece of DNA in vertebrates
 with the ability to taste sweetness,
 and hummingbirds don't have it.
 So even though they're drinking all this nectar stuff,
 we don't think they can taste sweetness.
 Oh, really? Yeah, it's tragic.
 I think there's a theory, though, that they modified.
 So we have a bunch of taste receptors.
 We all know now sweet, salty, a bit sour, and umami.
 And as we all agree, umami is the kind of pointless weird one.
 - It's like savory, isn't it? - Yeah, savory.
 And they actually think that hummingbirds have adapted
 their umami gland, and that's evolved to taste sweetness over the years.
 Which what that might mean is when they're going around tasting all these flowers
 1500 times, it actually tastes like a Greg steak bake.
 Did you structure this whole part of the book?
 I'll stick on my ground to that.
 So they've got really, um, fast metabolism, don't they?
 And I was trying to work out the other end of metabolism,
 super slow metabolism, and slots have extremely slow metabolism.
 And obviously, we know them as a very slow animal.
 So they, yeah, they have an extraordinarily slow metabolism.
 But um, they, so I started just, this is very off topic,
 but I started reading about slots, because I thought,
 why are they moving so slow and what goes on?
 It turns out, I think they're meant to be water-based animals,
 rather than in the trees, because when you put a slot in water,
 it can swim three times as fast as it can move when it's outside of water,
 and it can hold its breath for over 40 minutes underwater.
 Wow.
 Which is 20 minutes longer than a dolphin.
 What?
 Yeah.
 That is amazing.
 And they're just stuck up there on that stick attached to a tree.
 Yeah, it's like...
 Okay, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things
 that we have said over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Streiberland.
 Andy.
 @AndryHunterM.
 James.
 @JamesHarkin.
 And Shazinsky.
 You can email podcast@ky.com.
 Yep, or you can get us on our group account,
 which is @nosuchthing, or you can go to our website.
 Nosuchthing is a fish.com, where we have all of our previous episodes.
 We also have a link to our book, The Book of the Year,
 which we're about to give a copy away to someone in the audience here,
 live at our Manchester audience, because we asked them to send in the fact,
 Andy, you've got the winning fact.
 I certainly have done it.
 It's just on my phone, which is turning on,
 so I'd like you to fill for about 15 seconds, please.
 (Laughter)
 Thank you.
 Okay, picture... Right, I've got it. I've got it.
 I've got it.
 All right.
 (Laughter)
 Okay, this is today's winning fact.
 It's from Evie Hull.
 In 1993, Sam Francisco held a referendum
 over whether police officer Bob Geary was allowed to patrol
 while carrying a ventriloquist dummy called Brendan O'Smarty.
 (Laughter)
 All right, we're going to have your copy of the book out there.
 Guys, we're going to be out at the back with our book of the year.
 If you want to buy a copy, we're going to be signing copies out there.
 Please come and say hi.
 Thank you, Manchester.
 That was awesome.
 Let's see you later.
 (Applause)
 (Applause)
 (audience applauding)
