 Hi everyone, welcome to the second episode of Little Fish.
 Little Fish is a show where we list your facts, things that you've sent in to thepodcast@qiu.com
 inbox Andy has sifted through them and he has found the very sweetest plums, sent them
 over to the rest of us and we're going to go through them today and chat about them.
 Are they true?
 Are they not true?
 Do we know more about the subject?
 Have we never heard of any of these words before in our life?
 We will see as we move on.
 So who is going to do the first fight?
 It can't be me because I did the intro.
 It has to be one of you two.
 I'll go on, I'll throw a plum your way then, jump in, let's see how sweet you find it.
 Yum yum, plum plum, my face, sorry.
 One of these days, one of these catchphrases will pay our handy and everyone will be
 saying yum yum plum plum, it'll be the new six seven.
 You'll see James when I'm opening nightclubs around the country shouting yum yum plum plum.
 Okay, this is from the unimprovably named Nathan Gallimore Strong.
 I think friend of this parish, I think we may have heard from him before.
 But he says, "The windiest place in the UK is the butt of Lewis."
 That's it, thanks Nathan.
 There you go and it's basically, it's on the Isle of Lewis, Lewis and Harris, and the
 butt is on a very, very northern tip of Lewis and during this trip he also wrote his first
 finicular railway, so congratulations Nathan, it's a little bit contentious this fact, I
 did do some follow up.
 I always thought it was further north, so is it Cape Rath or something that's in the far
 north of Scotland?
 I always thought that was the windiest place.
 Well, I think on average, Shetland is windier.
 Oh yeah, so it's been, the butt of Lewis has been named by the Guinness Book of Records
 a few years ago, so they have their methodology.
 I still consider Shetland to be part of Denmark, because you have well controversial political
 opinion, and if you're listening Danes, is it Denmark on Norway?
 There was one of them where we got it as maybe a dowry or something from some Scandinavian
 country, but the rules were that they were allowed to buy it back at any stage, like when
 we first got out of it, Shetland or ARKV, they said, "Yeah, you can have it, but as soon as
 we can get 12 marks together, we're going to buy it back."
 I think it's still true that, in theory, they could buy it back if they want to.
 Really?
 To know that.
 Okay.
 Well, so if you're listening Vikings, get the money together.
 How windy?
 How windy is this?
 It's really windy.
 The thing is, how do you measure how windy something is?
 Is it average speed over the year?
 Maybe for me now, because I live by sea side, I could judge it.
 If I saw where Margate lives on a list, then I think I could then judge it by personal experience.
 Yeah, yeah, because it's quite windy where you are.
 Oh, it's wild.
 The wind in Margate is insane.
 And it comes out of nowhere.
 We have this amazing...
 You can't see it coming.
 We were sitting one time at Margate.
 There's these things which are called the steps that go onto the beach and you often
 skate.
 Lots of beaches out there, Dutch out of all these things called the steps.
 If you've ever been to Rome, they have a Margate tribute, which is called the Spanner Steps.
 Do they?
 Oh, there you go.
 See, yeah, it's coming out Margate.
 So we were sitting on what felt like a normal day and we were with our neighbours.
 These seagulls get coming and eating our fish and chips.
 And Chloe did this thing where she picked up the final few chips and she threw them out
 to the ocean.
 And just at that moment, this giant gust of wind came, blew the chips to the left, right
 onto a couple that were kissing on the steps and about 12 seagulls just darted into them.
 She had to run after them, go, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, they were literally being
 attacked by these goals.
 Is that a true story?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Yeah.
 So one of my favourite moments.
 In fact, I have a photo.
 Well, that might...
 Damn, that sounds very windy.
 Yeah, so that's how I'd be able to tell.
 But the strongest gust ever recorded in the UK was at Cairn Gorms Summit in 1986, which
 was a mountain in the Highlands, which was 173 miles an hour.
 Woo!
 I think that's the strongest any gust.
 Any individual gust has been recorded, but I think in general, it's normally Shetland that
 is the windiest on average.
 I believe.
 Yeah, imagine.
 I know.
 I know.
 You'd be lifted off into the air when you'd be lifted off in the air.
 Oh, yeah.
 Don't wear your big coat.
 Thank you, Nathan.
 Yeah, great fact.
 Great fact.
 Who's a fact from Josh Glendening, who says, "A soldier who spent too long on the toilet
 because of an upset stomach caused the start of World War II?"
 So do we know about this incident?
 No.
 Okay, this was called the Marco Polo Bridge incident, it was 1937, often considered to be the
 start of the Second Sino-Japanese War, which then evolved into World War II.
 And so the story goes that in the 1930s, Japan had invaded and put it in a puppet government
 and named it Manchuria.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Yeah.
 So in July 1937, there was a Japanese private, Shumura Kikojuro, who was stationed near the bridge,
 and he went missing.
 So a few soldiers accused the Chinese military of having taken him and were holding him hostage.
 And so they started climbing over the walls to find him.
 They started asking questions and getting a bit of an aggressive response.
 And it just kind of built up tensions.
 Meanwhile, the soldier comes back after a while, saying, "Sorry, my stomach was gone.
 I had to dip into the forest and just relieve myself."
 And in that time, enough of a fight started that it went into a full-blown war.
 War.
 I just feel like we've missed one or two steps here.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 I mean, it's probably some political things happening.
 There were a few political things.
 Also, there's another theory that he was visiting a brothel that he hadn't gone to the toilet.
 Yeah.
 And a lot of historians, but this has been pooped by a lot of historians.
 P pooped?
 It's very good.
 It's the idea that this was staged, so he was told to go away so that they could pretend
 he was missing so that they could find an excuse to go in.
 But so, yeah.
 I've heard this story before, and I think it rings relatively true.
 The basics are true, aren't they?
 Only.
 I read a couple of years ago.
 I read Surah Anthony Beaver's History of the Second World War.
 How did he mention it?
 He says this is the exclusive course.
 Does he?
 Oh, yeah, yeah.
 It says everything else would have been absolutely fine.
 And yeah.
 There were two chapters on this guy's dodgy tummy.
 That's right.
 Just a little bit.
 And then there was a skirmish.
 Does he go into the Sino-Japanese, or does he start in 1939?
 Oh, no.
 He goes into extraordinary detail about the whole global nature of it.
 Yeah.
 It starts with a soldier actually.
 Page one is about the soldier who I think he was.
 And career, or he gets drafted into the Japanese army when they invade.
 And then Japan locks horns with China, and then he's taken prisoner after some fight by
 the Russians, and then he ends up serving in three or four different armies, always being
 pressed into a different army over the course of the war.
 It's an absolute nightmare scenario for him.
 And he's used as an example of how this war affected absolutely everyone.
 Yeah.
 But his account is sort of grimly funny.
 Wow.
 And then he was taken prisoner by the Russians, and it just goes on and on and on.
 Right.
 Yeah.
 Like the forest gump of war.
 I suppose so.
 And this guy, your private, don't was taking a forest dump.
 That's why you get the big bugs, Adi.
 Yum, yum.
 Plum, plum.
 Okay, my first fight comes from Ian Jones, and he says, "I am a pediatric surgeon."
 That's not his fight.
 His fight is about the Fanon Steel incision.
 You gave me a load of German.
 You gave me just some German ones last week as well, and the German is not my first, second,
 third, or indeed a hundred and ninety-third language.
 But this incision is one that this person did.
 It's basically, it's the most common way of doing a cesarean, but you'd use it for some
 other surgery down there.
 But it's in the shape of a panhandle, and it's on the bikini line, and it gives you good
 access to the pelvis and stuff like that.
 Now the incision is called Fanon Steel, because Fanon Steel in German means Panhandle, okay?
 But the surgeon who first described it was called Herman Johannes Fanon Steel.
 So he invented it, it has the same name as him, but according to him, it's named after
 the fact that it's the shape of a panhandle.
 Now Ian Jones' personal theory, which I agree, is that he deliberately drew the incision
 in the shape of a panhandle so that he could name it after himself.
 People do do this sometimes, don't they?
 Wasn't there an element of the period at Gallium?
 Gallium, and it was named after a guy who's...
 So he said that he named it after France, because it's gold.
 But actually, I think he was called Le Coc, or something similar, which is chicken, and
 Gallus Gallus is the Latin for chicken.
 That's it, that's it.
 So yeah, like people do do it, and to be honest, it's such a coincidence, I've never seen
 the word Fanon Steel before.
 I mean, what if actually the surgery would be much better and easier to conduct if it was
 a completely different shape that doesn't look like a panhandle?
 Yes.
 It could be that, you know, all these years, people who are having caissarians are having
 the wrong shape just because of his...
 Well, we should look into that.
 That's insane.
 That's really...
 That's a really good fact.
 That's very good.
 And great theory.
 I can give you more on surgeons.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, go on.
 John Casimir Félix Guillon was born in Rayunion.
 He came up with a new way of removing bloodestones through the paradigm, but he's more famous
 for being the probable inspiration for this song Frerajacca.
 No way!
 Wow.
 My little one sings that nonstop at the moment.
 Did they know that it's about removing bloodestones through the paradigm?
 No, but we never get to the third version of the song, so...
 So what are the lines of your Frerajacca, Frerajacca?
 Dormaboo.
 Dormaboo.
 Sonema, Matina.
 Sonema, Matina.
 Ding, dang, dong, ding, dang, dong.
 So is that...
 We've had a patient come in complaining of severe...
 It's the sound of the bloodestones falling into the pan.
 It's the ding, dang, dong.
 Good.
 Good.
 Wow.
 Is the perineum, the bit in between the genital and the other genital opening?
 What's the grondal?
 It might just be you, Dan.
 I thought that was another term for that, OK?
 I've never come across that.
 Have you not?
 So the band that does our theme tune and pre-yes, Ash, who wrote our song and sings the song,
 he was originally in a band called Grondal.
 And I'm pretty sure it was too much to...
 Wow.
 Is Aussie slang?
 No, no, no, no.
 All right, Mr. Shriver, let's get you up on the chair and just have a quick look at the
 grondal, sir.
 Oh, you got a bad case of the Frerajac, is there, mate?
 Dan, let's have another fact.
 OK.
 Here's not so much a fact, but a great pub quiz question.
 All right.
 So this is from John Dunn.
 He says, "My favourite pub, the Metrophysical Poet."
 He says, "My favourite pub quiz question is, and here's a question now, and I'm going to
 ask it to you too, what are furthest north, south, east, and west states of the United States?"
 Come on, mate.
 Yeah, you're OK.
 I think I was born yesterday.
 All right.
 So let's start with south.
 What's the...
 What's the...
 Softest?
 Softest.
 Um...
 I'm going to say Dakota.
 You have to go to...
 No.
 It's a trick question.
 OK.
 Well, for me, it has to be North Carolina.
 OK.
 No, it must be Hawaii.
 It is Hawaii.
 Oh, very good.
 Correct.
 What is the north-fist state?
 No.
 I think that has to be South Dakota.
 OK, playing seriously for a second, I'll say Alaska.
 Correct.
 It is Alaska.
 It is, that is correct.
 OK.
 So, one each.
 Yep.
 Westest.
 Westest.
 I would say Alaska.
 Alaska.
 Correct.
 It is Alaska.
 Oh.
 Yeah.
 Interestingly, it's got north and west.
 Yeah.
 So, OK.
 That's two, one, but you probably might have said the same.
 I would.
 And also, I'm going to get the next one right.
 OK.
 So, I'll get this one to Andy.
 Most Eastest.
 I feel like it's going to be a trick, but I'll say--
 West Virginia.
 West Virginia.
 Yeah.
 No, I'll say one of those ones over on the far right-hand side.
 I'll say Rhode Island.
 Rhode Island.
 Incorrect.
 James.
 I'm going to say it's Alaska again.
 Correct.
 I'll see Aleutian Islands go over the international date life.
 I'll have to say.
 Yeah.
 Is that amazing?
 South of the only one.
 Hawaii that is not claimed by Alaska.
 So, north, east, west are all Alaska.
 Yeah.
 OK.
 Here's one.
 Kathy Oliver from Ontario, which is at least in the same hemisphere as most of Alaska.
 She said, my husband and I love your podcast, and it keeps us entertained on drives to my various
 treatments over the last two years, which leads me to a fact idea for you when you get
 to stem cell transplant, you will stink of creamed corn for a couple of days.
 Wow.
 OK.
 So, the stem cells are frozen using a substance called dimethyl sulfoxide, the MSO, and it stops
 them from getting damaged, but it has this peculiar odor that smells to most people like
 creamed corn.
 The MSO actually is very pungent, but to such an extent that you can taste it by touching
 it.
 It had a Petri dish of the MSO now, and you put your finger in it, you'd be able to taste
 it.
 Wow.
 And that's because it directly triggers the nerves that normally react to taste.
 That's insane.
 Yeah.
 That's absolutely insane.
 How many different foods does that work with?
 This is not a food.
 OK.
 This is a chemical, and I don't know of any food stuff.
 I guess garlic could do it like that, maybe, because that seems to go through your skin,
 but that's just, I guess.
 I mean, I don't know.
 The theory about that.
 I don't remember you walking around with an onion in your salt to see if you could taste
 it.
 It's your research.
 Yeah, yeah.
 I've got two pictures for you off the back of this.
 Oh, yeah.
 So number one, there should be a Googleful smells.
 That should just be a Googleful smells.
 How do you, what do you, what do you search as in what do you tie, you're not typing.
 You're not typing.
 Well, you're typing with your nose.
 So what do you put in that you're trying to find like, I haven't worked out all the
 details yet.
 Is it like shazam instead of a phone?
 You hold a giant nose, that's the area where you are and it goes, hmm, it's crumpets.
 That's exactly what it is.
 Very nice.
 Okay, brilliant.
 That's good.
 Right.
 We solved that one.
 Well, I feel like I came up with that idea.
 Really.
 Like, we were on the room.
 Three-way split.
 Really great.
 Great work, everyone.
 See you for the first set of quarterly results.
 Okay.
 So second idea off the back of that, the touch restaurant, right?
 You don't eat anything, but you just go in and you put your fingers through holes
 in the table into various different foods that you can then taste.
 Yeah.
 Right.
 Okay, but the only thing on the menu is DMSO so far, so far, maybe some garlic.
 But you've got to wear it for a month.
 But I think that will be good if we can find enough foods that you can taste through your
 fingertips.
 Yeah.
 That would be awesome.
 I've got to say, I'm in on the shazam nose.
 Andy, I'll let you develop this a bit more before committing.
 I'm sharing it with you guys three ways no matter what, including the debts.
 Okay.
 I just want to say to everyone listening to this, I'm happy to share my shazam nose with
 everyone who's listening to this.
 We can all have 0.0 1%, that's really generous.
 But one of you listening will have to make it.
 Here's nice.
 Do you want to do another one?
 I'm the other one.
 Don't you want to jump in?
 Yeah, I've got one here.
 So this is from Edward Maloy, who says this is their favorite fact, Norwich, is the only
 city in history to be excommunicated.
 In 1274, after a riot in the cathedral, Pope Gregory X excommunicated the entire city until
 they repented and repaired the damage done to church property.
 Clearly, it has had a lasting effect as Norwich is now the least religious city in England
 per the 2011 census.
 Is that right?
 Kind of right.
 So it's almost right.
 I didn't fully get an answer to the excommunication.
 But Norwich is very much not a religious city anymore.
 It's interesting because there's a saying about Norwich, which is that it has a church
 for every week of the year and a pub for every day.
 So a lot of churches.
 That must be Norfolk, right?
 There's no way.
 There's strings.
 52 churches in Norwich, 11.
 Maybe there is.
 Maybe.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, absolutely.
 I take that back.
 I don't think there's exactly 365 pubs either.
 But it's the L.A. of Norfolk, I would say, Norwich.
 Right.
 Do you say so?
 It's the mega city of Norfolk, isn't it?
 Of Norfolk?
 Oh, yeah.
 There's Kingsland, of course.
 Oh, yeah.
 Of course, there's Kingsland.
 That's fair.
 There's Kingsland.
 Well, a census was done in 2021, and it showed that those who said that they don't have
 any religion, don't believe in any religion, was 53.5%.
 Wow.
 So 76,973 people, and that's a jump from a decade ago when it was 42.5, and that's 56,000
 people.
 So it's the second least religious city in the UK.
 Oh, I think I know this one.
 Town or city.
 Yeah.
 Isn't it?
 It's somewhere called Satan.
 Satan food.
 What?
 There's the least religious.
 That's not a city though.
 That's not a city though.
 No, it's not a city.
 It's a parish, isn't it?
 No.
 What?
 I think it's got an amusingly apt name, the least religious place in the UK, but I can't
 remember what the name is.
 I would have.
 Without knowing that little clue, I would have said most likely it would be somewhere like
 Brighton or Bristol, like somewhere where lots of cool young people live.
 So, yeah.
 Strongly secular.
 Hmm.
 Do you want to have another guest, Andy?
 James has it right.
 But do you want to have another guest?
 No.
 I'm going to stick with Satan food.
 I think.
 Okay.
 Brighton and Hope.
 Wow.
 55.2% of people declaring no religion.
 Gosh.
 Yeah.
 Alistair Crowley had his funeral there.
 In Brighton.
 Yeah, it might have something to do with that.
 It is.
 Was he from that?
 No, but I think he passed away in Hastings and I think his body ended up in Brighton for
 some reason.
 He was cremated there.
 Yeah.
 Not so far, is it?
 No.
 It's on the coast.
 Very windy.
 Is it?
 Do you want to release those ashes and they're a couple making out?
 Here's one from me.
 I already have a bone to pick with Andrew Hunter Murray, it's episode two and I already
 have a bone to pick because you sent us these facts.
 And listen, think back to audience facts one.
 When I said, here's one from Wayne Height or is it Holt because it looks like it should
 be Holt?
 Well, this week I have one from Wayne Holt, H-O-L-T.
 I assume it's the same person and I assume one of them is a misspelling.
 I've got to track.
 Although I did have a eyesight check yesterday and I need reading glasses so maybe you need
 to check.
 Can you check?
 Is that a Height and a Holt?
 Yeah, it's a Height and a Holt.
 Right.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 Wayne does write in a few writes in frequently.
 We have a few frequent flies in the fishing box.
 Does he change his name every time you write it?
 I've got to track.
 You've got to work on your pseudonyms, Wayne.
 What's the fact, James?
 Well, actually the fact is to do a spelling.
 Oh, no.
 The fact is that in concert the band Divo sometimes performed as their own opening act to pretending
 to be a Christian soft rock band called Dove, the band of love, which is an anagram of
 Divo.
 Very nice.
 That's really good.
 I'm really sorry, James.
 They're both from Wayne Height.
 Wayne Holt doesn't exist.
 That's not a real person.
 I've mistyped his name.
 There will be a Wayne Holt out there if you're listening, Wayne.
 Well, how's Wayne going to solve the situation?
 Wayne's only going to confuse matters.
 Yeah.
 If you happen to be listening to fish and you're called Wayne Holt, write in.
 Yeah.
 Let us know you exist.
 Yeah.
 Simple.
 Should I do one?
 Yeah.
 This is from Jessica Eringayson from Texas and she writes that Napoleon and Lord Wellington
 are kind of related and it's America's fault.
 Okay.
 This is admittedly quite tenuous, but the story is is that Napoleon had a younger brother
 called Jerome who visited the US when he was in his late teens and he eloped with a lady
 called Elizabeth Patterson, then Napoleon wanted Jerome to come back and marry a European
 princess because it was part of his plan to consolidate power while he was conquesting
 territories.
 Right?
 So he brought Jerome back.
 Elizabeth stays, but then Elizabeth hops on a boat and Napoleon bans it from landing.
 So she has no choice but to go and port in London.
 So that's where she lands.
 Jerome remarries and basically they never see each other again.
 Wow.
 Now, the tenuous link that we've been given here from Jessica is that while she was in
 London, she was living with a lady called Marianne.
 Marianne was her sister-in-law.
 Marianne's husband dies and she remarries Richard Wellesley, who's the elder brother of Arthur
 Wellesley, who defeat Napoleon at Waterloo.
 Good Lord.
 Yeah.
 It's more world, isn't it?
 I've signed to think it's a slightly bigger world than I was imagining.
 Okay.
 I mean, I was lost so long ago.
 Yeah.
 It's just about clung on till the end.
 I tell you what, though.
 I did recently visit the room where Wellington died.
 Did you?
 Yeah.
 I went down to Walma Castle in Kent.
 Oh, it's a good day out.
 Hmm.
 It's really good.
 It's a proper castle.
 It's 400 years old.
 It's not one of these sort of plastic castles that you get these days, you know, sort of like fake
 castles, which is just to state the home with a view.
 That's Disneyland.
 Disneyland.
 It's not Disneyland.
 It's no, it's proper.
 And they had, there's a thing called being the Wharton of the Sync Ports.
 It looks like it's Sank, French or five, but it's not.
 It's Wharton of the Sync Ports.
 That's how it's done.
 But it does mean five, right?
 There were five pots.
 It does mean five, and it's spelled like the French or five, but it is, I swear to God,
 they pronounce it Wharton of the Sync Ports.
 Okay.
 I swear.
 And it said to the lady, nice to be visiting the Sank Ports, she said Sank Ports.
 Anyway, she probably said that a hundred times a day for 20 years.
 You don't want to be calling your pot Sank anyway.
 You're absolutely right.
 It's a crazy choice.
 But there is this honorary possession called Wharton of the Sync Ports, and Wellington
 was that.
 So was the Queen Mum.
 The old Queen Mum, and actually, when I visited, they had a Queen Mum lookalike there
 for the day.
 Did they?
 Yeah.
 Along with the kind of...
 That kind of work must be dry enough a bit.
 Well, I made this sort of casual joke about Jen, and she looks so disapproving.
 Because you know, the Queen Mum, she loved her Jen.
 She liked to drink.
 I can't, Andy.
 This was a tough day for you.
 First of all, you walk in and mispronounce Sank Ports, and then you make a perfectly harmless
 joke about Jen, so the Queen Mum lookalike.
 And then I find out Wellington's dead.
 It was awful.
 It was terrible, but no, it's a really evocative ring, because they've got this tiny bed.
 There's this camp bed, there's a military camp bed that is still there from the day he died,
 and he must have died in about 1850, but he took this bed with him wherever he went.
 When he went up to London to be the Prime Minister, that military camp bed went with him.
 How interesting.
 He slept in that bed in Downing Street, and then when he became warden with the Sank Ports,
 he brought the bed back to Warmer Castle, and that's the bed where he died.
 I went to the place where Napoleon surrendered, which is in France somewhere.
 Is it Ilderae or somewhere?
 I can't remember.
 I yield to France, yield to Ilderae, something like that.
 I might be misremembering this, but I seem to remember that he had quite a non-onate bed
 as well.
 I remember being there and thinking, "Wow, for someone who's so important in history,
 what a shit bed."
 These military beds.
 I think it's the military like they used to the campaigning lifestyle.
 I saw the bed that Abraham Lincoln died in.
 Really?
 It's when we were in DC.
 We had a bit of time off, because he was shot in the fourth theatre, but then he was taken
 to a house, not too far away.
 He could just need a little nap, and I'd go, "That's all right."
 Just butterscotch.
 No, they brought it to a house, and so he died in a bed that was, his legs were hanging
 off the edge, basically.
 He was tall.
 He was super tall, and the bed was quite small, and you can visit his bed.
 You can visit this.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 Here we are.
 Okay.
 We sell replica beds of the great beds of history, and we're going to clean up on the finance
 bros who want to think that they're living like Napoleon or Wellington.
 Or Lincoln.
 I mean, those are three perfect examples of beds of the greats, right?
 Yes.
 Like, you too can conquer Europe with our £9,000 bed.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And we'll just sell them in military campbed.
 What do you think?
 I love it.
 Okay.
 All right.
 We're going to have not point, not, not one percent.
 Okay.
 So I think that's enough facts for the day that we've been sent in, but we still have one
 more thing to do.
 And that is to name some custodians of the archive.
 So anyone who is in our top tier on Patreon becomes a custodian of a fact from no such thing
 as a fish.
 It's very exciting.
 I'm a custodian myself.
 If you'd remember listening back to episode one of this little fish, but there will
 be more custodians names today.
 We will tell you your name, which you might already know.
 And then we'll tell you the fact that you're the custodian of.
 So Andrew, who is going to be our first nonfish member who is a custodian of a fish fact?
 I just want to say that was incredibly slick jokes.
 And the concept of the shout out is clearly very well embedded in your head.
 First up today for a shout out is Rachel Not.
 And her fact is the first ever sandwich that we know about contained wine.
 Congratulations, Rachel.
 Yes.
 That is now your fact forever.
 Bill out of the elder.
 Is it?
 Bill out?
 Bill out?
 Yes, something.
 Bill out.
 And it was, um, it was more of a wrap.
 It was more of a wrap.
 It had like, um, currency or something, right?
 It sounds delicious.
 Yeah.
 I think we said this at the time.
 11 years ago.
 Perfect covered on the show.
 Anyway, yeah.
 Rachel, that's your fact.
 And the sandwich is in the out of sandwich who we just covered again a week or two ago in
 recorded.
 Yes, we did, of course.
 Well, we're on a big wheel, aren't we?
 We are.
 Dan, have you got one?
 Uh, yeah.
 This is a fact that is now going to belong to Silas Gill.
 And that is in 2003, three people in Mexico died of acne.
 Oh.
 Oh.
 If you put a gun to my head and said, you've got a thousand guesses as to the Christian
 name of the second ever person to become a friend of the podcast.
 Silas would have not been one of my thousand guesses.
 No.
 It's just a terrific name.
 Because I think these in order of the people who signed up so literally, I think Rachel and
 Silas had to have had the hand hovering over the Patreon button as the time struck midnight.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 And we should say Silas isn't especially fish friendly name, Silas Marna, by friend of the
 podcast.
 Samuel Taylor Colouridge.
 You're jelly-ed.
 That's right.
 Um, okay.
 So the third custodian this week, this is a Dan Schreiber fact.
 And the fact is that amongst the other scientists called Einstein, there are M E Einstein who came
 up with a formula for predicting the composition of a pork carcass and rosemary Einstein who co-investigated
 the use of cannabis, alcohol and tobacco on 300 young persons at her university.
 Could have done with it.
 That it done.
 We're going to need a bigger certificate.
 But drumroll, that fact now is under the custodianship of Helen Cosgrove Davis.
 Actually.
 There he is.
 Nice.
 That was a great episode.
 That was a fact I took from a Mark Abrams book of the ignoble prizes who James and I are going
 to be seeing tomorrow.
 He's in London.
 Well, a lot of it will.
 Yeah.
 Along with Kate Smollaker who did the paper about the first case of homosexual necrophilia
 in the Maladduck.
 Yep. And who raised awareness for pubic lice because they might be going extinct.
 It's going to be a spicy lunch tomorrow.
 Oh.
 As long as he's not cooking, I don't really mind.
 Oh, congratulations, Helen.
 That's the longest fact that's become custodian so far.
 Until the next damn fact.
 Shall I round us off with one more?
 Yeah, go on there.
 All right.
 This is a fact that is now under the stewardship of Darcy.
 Mr. Darcy.
 I can only assume fits William, if you're listening.
 Congratulations.
 And it's one of my facts is that the first contact lenses cost as much as a car.
 Yes, you went to the museum, didn't you, to see the British Optical Association Museum.
 Those were the days where we used to do proper research.
 Episode two.
 Quickly under that.
 Yeah.
 Although we're on a big wheel.
 I went back there recently.
 No.
 For a party.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 They were finishing their refurbishment of the museum.
 It's really good.
 They were the datesment of the headquarters of the British Optical Association.
 And they invited some celebs along and they also know so they invited me.
 Well, who are the other big celebs who are at the party?
 I can't name names.
 I'm sorry.
 It's very much an eyes-wide shot situation, everyone was in masks.
 Ironically, considering they're optometrists.
 Brilliant.
 Does everyone wear masks in an eyes-wide shot?
 They do.
 Okay, good.
 In sodium scenes, not the whole way through.
 Yeah.
 That was very much a reach of a reference for me.
 You know when you try and do a reference or something, but you know.
 You mean like when you say Samuel Taylor Coleridge wrote...
 Silas Marner.
 Silas Marner.
 Yep.
 Exactly.
 Exactly.
 Because the thing is normally in a podcast, I would say that and then I cut it out because
 I knew I got it wrong.
 Yeah.
 Because I check it later.
 Yeah.
 But I've referenced it twice now, so it's going to have to stay in.
 You've really shot yourself in the third.
 Okay.
 Well, they are.
 The next four custodians of facts in the nose, such things as fish, archive.
 Read the names again, Andy.
 It's Rachel Not.
 It's Gilles, Helen Colesgrove Davis and Darcy.
 For absolute legends, the first four people to sign up for our friend of the podcast here
 on Patreon.
 And you too can get your name mentioned on this show if you sign up to that tier.
 But for now, it is time for us to say goodbye.
 So, bye, Dan.
 It's goodbye from me.
 And it's goodbye from him.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 [MUSIC]
