 Hi everyone and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish where we were joined
 by none other than Lou Sanders, one of the funniest people I know.
 You'll know Lou from all sorts of TV stuff.
 She was on Taskmaster, she's been on QI many times, she's just a really, really, really
 funny person.
 We had such a good laugh with her making this show in the Soho Theatre last month, but what
 I really want to say and what is very important is that Lou has a brand new book out.
 The book is called What That Lady Doing.
 It's a really, really great book about how she maybe used to be a little bit unhinged
 and now channels all that unhingedness into amazing comedy.
 It's so well written, I really highly recommend it.
 But one thing I should also say while we're talking about books is that Anna and I have
 written our own book, it's called Everything to Play For, the QI book of sport.
 It's for people who like sports, it's even for people who don't like sports, who just
 want to read a load of interesting stories and fun facts.
 I mean, it's from me and Anna, you know what you're going to get.
 And it comes out next Thursday, but the reason we wanted to mention it now is because if you
 go to Waterstones and you put in the offer code QISport23, then you will get 25% off
 and that is a deal for pre-order only, so you need to do that before Thursday if you
 want to get our book for a quarter off.
 Anyway, more importantly really for this week is you must go and check out Lou Sanders book
 What That Lady Doing, that's available right now in all bookshops and all online places
 where you get your books, hope you enjoy the show on with a podcast.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast this
 week coming to you live from the Soho Theater in London.
 My name is Dan Schreiber and I'm sitting here with James Harkin, Andrew Hunter Murray
 and Lou Sanders and once again we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite
 facts from the last seven days and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one and that is my fact, my fact this week is that names of
 registered competitive roller derby players include Skatebush, Venus Thytrap, Camille
 Toe, Alice in Wunderland and Weird Al Spankabitch.
 Very rude but this is the most fun naming convention I think I've ever discovered which
 is the amazing sport of roller derby largely takes place in America.
 They have this huge registry of names where when you join you almost get like a WWF wrestling
 name, you pick it for yourself, you put it forward and you get added to this big register
 and then when you're out there that's who you are, that's who you embody and there's
 something like 40,000 names that have been put over various different lists over the
 years.
 They're so good, the names are so good, it's a huge list and you can waste a lot of time
 as I did.
 So HP Shovecraft, Roldemort, that's a good one and some of them are just like pure on,
 like there are some just violent ones, Affirmative Smaction, Agatha Crushty, Al Strapone, a bit
 of a stretch.
 I think they're going for that, are they?
 I think it's Al Capone but with the Strapon, there's also Adolf Glitter, Adolf Hitter,
 Adolf Whistler and Adolf Hitter, I'm sure I think flirting with the taste line, but
 they are good.
 And winning.
 It's an amazing spot, it's mostly women who do it, in fact it's almost exclusively women.
 Fine.
 Well you do it, you're not roller derby but you're a roller skater.
 Yeah, I know some roller derby people, yeah.
 And do you have a name?
 Oh what do we call it, Loose Ends, Loose Ends, Loose Ends because a skating term is to send
 it.
 Loose Ends.
 I actually found roller derby names for each of us, it's going through the database.
 So for you, Lou, there is Lou Brickendt and Lou's your daddy, Lou's your daddy's lovely.
 And there's Andy Clockwise, James Bondage and…
 Do you know what they do in roller derby?
 Did you think it's Bondage?
 No, in his fantasies, a little bit different.
 Dan Halen or Dansyn Queen?
 Dansyn Queen!
 Oh that's good.
 Yeah, so yeah.
 But the spot is basically you roller skate around the rink, right, and you've got one
 person who's kind of in charge and who you're trying to protect while the other team are
 trying to get them, basically, it's like that kind of thing, isn't it?
 And it started off, the whole spot started off as endurance races.
 So in the 1880s, there was this huge thing in America, I think we might have mentioned
 it before, of women doing six-day races where they would just walk and walk and walk and
 walk again and again and again until basically there was one person left who would just keep
 walking and keep walking.
 And then they started to do it on roller skates and what they found is that some of the people
 who were faster would get around the circuit and start overtaking people and then the people
 who were being overtaken would really hate it and so they start knocking them over.
 Right.
 And they found that people enjoyed that way more than they enjoyed the rest of it.
 They didn't really quite like people just going round in circles loads and loads of times,
 but they loved it when people beat the shit out of each other.
 Yeah.
 Well, I can see why though, because the very first one that they did, this is what you
 would come and watch, people skating, roller skating around a ring, 57,000 times.
 The idea was that they were going across America, that's the thing, they'd worked out how many
 times around the thing was to get from New York to LA or whatever.
 Let's stop for breaks though, right?
 Yeah, yeah.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Not much.
 You wouldn't stop for much breaks.
 You stop for just like 20 minutes here or there and you go 24 hours just with the occasional
 just stopping for the off-map.
 I think it's a lot more fun now, they're sort of bashing each other out of the way.
 Have you done that?
 Have you tried that?
 No, but so many people have told me.
 So basically it's quite aggressive sport, like my friends do it and it's like you end
 up with a lot of breakages and stuff and it's often like big units that do it.
 And so many people have told me that would be really good at it.
 It's so many, but you should do that.
 Do you know what your friends have particular names that...
 Yeah, but I can't remember any of them, but I did write, I only write down two, C-unit,
 but the I is very small so...
 C-unit.
 Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 And Captain Beaver and I thought, sounds like my love life.
 I was chatting to someone called Lin Huynh who was England captain.
 Hang on, is that a joke name or that's...?
 It's not, it's real, it's her real name.
 What's say the name again?
 Lin Huynh.
 Oh, OK, Lin Huynh.
 I did think you said Lin Huynh and that's why I...
 I thought Lin Huynh.
 That might have been her fake name.
 No, her fake name was Shaolin Scarlett and she was a captain of the England team in the
 World Cups in 2014 and 2016.
 And I was asking her about how it works, she said, "Lots of teamwork is really, really
 important, the teamwork.
 And when they came up with a new tactic, they all get matching tattoos of their tactic
 of Lin Huynh.
 That's pretty hard, Clarice.
 Well, we do that with our facts, don't we?
 Remember, yeah, we are absolutely coated head-to-toe, they've had to make the font smaller and
 smaller as the years go by, because they keep thinking we'll stop, but we won't.
 Have you got any tattoos?
 Uh, have a guess.
 No.
 I'll never tell.
 I mean, this is a podcast, you can say what you want.
 Oh, yeah, I got 16 huge ones, yeah.
 Got all the lingo.
 No, yeah.
 16 big ones.
 That's why you walked into the tattoo place and said, "Give me 16 big ones."
 I don't mind what they're of, as long as they're big, yeah.
 Teenage Mutant Inja Turtle, there's another one.
 Oh, very nice.
 I thought that was your tattoo.
 Two-pack Shanker.
 That's clever.
 That's good, yeah.
 Twat Rocket.
 Don't quite care.
 I don't think that one's so clever.
 Sounds a bit of life.
 The events as well.
 Night of the Rolling Dead, Noctober Fest, Spank's Giving, Season's Beatings.
 Okay.
 They're great.
 But there were these big mass events earlier, like even in the 19th century, before they
 started doing proper skating, before these sort of like formal events.
 So in 1884, there was a guy called Victor Clough, who skated 100 miles in 10 hours, like
 in around a course, which was very impressive.
 And then in 1885, there was a six-day event where they had 36 skaters, again, roller skates
 competing.
 And then soon after that, the winner of the race, who was a guy called William Donovan,
 and another competitor, died.
 Oh.
 Yeah.
 And they said, "Oh, maybe we shouldn't do this for 10 hours a day all the time."
 Because people just weren't up to it, and they just kept going.
 I was reading about the walking version that came before the skating.
 And this was, like I said, it was women doing this for six days at a time.
 And it became so popular that there was one stage.
 I can't remember where it was.
 But there was a load of kids went missing in an area, and everyone thought, "Oh, shit,
 all these kids are gone missing."
 And what they found is, they were in a warehouse, and they started their own events of walking
 around in circles for days on end.
 And they just were trying to copy what these women were doing, and were like, "Yeah,
 let's do it ourselves."
 And they'd been walking around in circles for three days when they were found.
 God.
 I thought that was going to take a darker turn.
 I thought it was going to be like a roller-skating Pied Piper situation, where the Pied Piper
 had skated through the town, and all the children had danced.
 Yeah, we thought it was a Jimmy Sapple.
 I didn't think that.
 Did you hear of Rinkomania?
 No, what's that?
 This is the Edwardian craze for rinks, skating rinks.
 Loads of venues around everywhere used to be rinks that are now converted.
 Just because it was so crazy.
 Basically, because you could meet the opposite sex.
 That was the, you're a bit less chaperoned, you're able to skate away from your chaperone.
 I read one article saying, "Mother Grundy, dare not trust herself on skates."
 Which meant that some, you know, all the person isn't going to be watching you,
 and making sure what you're doing with the other...
 Exactly.
 ...the opposite sex, yeah.
 My wife started, I can't believe, I just thought of this just now.
 My wife decided to start roller-skating.
 And her skate instructor's very upset.
 What's her street name?
 Ooh, I'm not sure.
 I don't want to say anything that will mean I can't go home tonight,
 because she's here.
 So, but here's the thing, right?
 So she bought a pair of roller skates.
 She hasn't done it since she was a teenager.
 And we're leaving the house, and she starts putting them on.
 And I said, "What are you doing?"
 And she was like, "I'm just going to go and do it now."
 And I was like, "You've got to test it out in a park.
 We're on a main road here, and you're going on your own with our child in a buggy."
 "Wilf was like only a few months, like, you know, nine months old or something like that."
 So I said, "Listen, I'd better come with you."
 And she was insistent that she does it.
 So she put the roller skates on.
 She took the buggy outside.
 And you live at the top of a very steep hill, don't you?
 We do have a bit of an incline on the street.
 And you go everywhere by unicycle as well, don't you?
 So I closed the door, and all I hear is, "Ahhh!"
 And I turn around, and Fenella and the buggy have just gone off.
 And she can't stop, because she doesn't know how to use the brake on the back.
 And I have to chase them down the road as they're heading to oncoming traffic,
 coming on the road.
 Oh, yeah, there's two guys with a glass going across the road.
 Wow.
 I love that spirit, though.
 That is amazing.
 Oh, can I ask you, have you seen Roller Limbo?
 No.
 This is amazing.
 Okay, so it is literally, as it sounds, it's limbo on roller skates.
 Oh, yes, yes.
 You think you know what it is, and you're wrong.
 No, no, no.
 So what you're imagining, maybe, is someone skating towards and then bending backwards.
 That's what I was imagining, yeah.
 It's not how you do it.
 You basically, it's so hard to describe, because I'm behind a desk,
 but basically, your legs go out to the sides, you go down into the splits.
 I'll be honest, Andy, I don't think the fact there's a desk here
 is what makes that difficult for you to imagine.
 I so wish I could show you all.
 Well, we have bought some skates for you.
 So you're doing the sideways splits.
 You do a sideways splits, but you're moving forwards,
 and you're holding onto your calves.
 I know, and you're going under these bars, which are about, I don't know,
 20 centimetres high, and you're so low as you head for it.
 You've got to look it up. It is so good.
 Wow.
 It's the most amazing thing.
 Those people need to grow up a little bit.
 Well, the competitors are mostly children, so...
 No, good on them.
 Have you heard of Jean-Yves Blondeau?
 No.
 So Jean-Yves Blondeau has invented a new suit made of plastic
 that has 30 roller skates attached to it
 in all different parts of his body.
 So wherever he... If he falls over on his back, he can roller skate.
 If he falls on his front, he can roller skate.
 Brilliant.
 If he falls on his head, he can roller skate.
 He can walk along the wall and roller skate along the wall as he's going.
 I can't make it.
 He can. There's videos on YouTube.
 Wow.
 It does it.
 Is he using it as powers for good or for evil?
 I would say neither good nor evil.
 He's just using them for more hits on YouTube.
 Can he do it on his head?
 That's incredible.
 Yeah, the head one, I probably may be exaggerating a little bit.
 But he could do it in theory, yeah.
 And he basically goes down all these really big hills around the world
 as quickly as he can on his suit.
 How does he stop? Does he have a break on, like, his elbows or something?
 You know what? I'm not sure.
 He must have some breaks, yeah.
 He's still going somewhere right now.
 Actually, you're going against the butt when they help.
 You don't need to stop.
 Like, the reason you stop yourself is in case you fall over.
 He's already fallen over.
 You don't need to stop. There's a big wall there.
 You can just go up the wall and then on the side and then on his head and stuff.
 It cannot be stopped.
 He should be stopped.
 He also has one of his suits, which, these ones you can buy, these 30 ones.
 I don't know how much they are, but they are available.
 But he does have one suit, which isn't for sale,
 but he also features samurai blades and spike horns.
 Oh, my God.
 What is that useful for?
 Probably evil, I reckon.
 I give him six years of life expectancy.
 Yeah, exactly.
 I need to move this on very soon.
 I've got a couple of other names that I found.
 So here's the thing.
 There's a lot of extremely rude names on this registry.
 And it's done in a kind of empowering way.
 I think it's sort of, you know, it's exciting to have these real badass names.
 But, God damn it, they really go for it.
 So some of them I discovered.
 Bitch Hiker is one.
 Okay.
 Vagina Might.
 Oh, wow.
 Is that like Marmite?
 Yeah.
 Yeah, you love it or you hate it.
 It's some kind of yeast extract, I'm not sure.
 Oh, my God.
 Well, this isn't what I expected from this podcast.
 Yeah.
 It is time for fact number two, and that is Lou.
 Okay, my fact this week is that the TikTok singer who went viral with The Seashunty
 is unable to perform his song on the boats
 because he suffers from terrible seasickness.
 Yeah, it's typhonic.
 That's what that is.
 It's sweet as well.
 It's lame.
 It is sweet, it is sweet actually.
 It was an amazing thing, wasn't it?
 He basically, it was 2021, he suddenly releases this seashanty called Wellerman
 and it went to number one, which is, yeah, it went to number one in the UK charts.
 It's a song about a whale trawler and they're looking for a whale.
 And this was 2021.
 So you would think by now, maybe it's died down a bit,
 but I went on to his Spotify listens.
 Still, as of today, gets five million listens a month on his Spotify account.
 That's the same as Tom Jones.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 So it's not unusual then.
 Don't shake your head at your own, that is really good.
 It's not even a seashanty, is it?
 No, not really, no.
 No, it isn't, none of these are.
 Is it River Shanty?
 What is it?
 It's just a song.
 A seashanty has to be something that you sing when you're working.
 So like Drunk and Sailor is like,
 "What would you do with a drunk and sailor?
 You're pulling the rope and you're bringing them to sail."
 But if he's getting a record deal, he's working sort of on that.
 That's a really good point.
 Yeah.
 He got me there.
 Checkmate, Harkin.
 But that is the cool thing about seashanties, like the old seashanties is that
 because on a vessel you only had a very skeleton crew that had to do multiple things,
 the song is the beat of allowing you to know how we all work as a group.
 So the rhythm of it, the lyrics of it would mean
 you have to pull at that moment and pull at this or whatever places and whatever.
 So people often see it done on like Navy ships.
 It never really would have happened on Navy ships
 because they had so much crew, you didn't need this multitasking.
 They were banned, the UK Navy, they were banned seashanties
 because you wouldn't be able to hear commands if you're singing too much.
 But you're having a laugh.
 So it's like merchant ships, when wailing ships, things like that.
 And there were specific songs for different things you were doing on board.
 So there was hauling shanties, running shanties, pump shanties, swabbing shanties, capstan shanties.
 Capstan is that thing you turn around in the middle of the ship that pulls the anchor up.
 Oh yeah.
 And all these had their own songs, really.
 That's pretty cool.
 But it's been like that song that he sang.
 It's not like it's an obscure song that's not been around for ages.
 It's one of the better-known sea songs, and you can read a list of places it's appeared.
 So it was in 2013, it was on the album Now That's What I Call Sea Shanties, Volume 1.
 No, no.
 Yeah.
 I found that.
 Did you find the Volume 2?
 Yeah, I did.
 No.
 Yeah, it's on Spotify.
 Not as many listeners as Tom Jones.
 But it's doing okay.
 To be fair, it's a great title, and it's not multiple different sea shanty acts.
 It's just the one band from Wellington in New Zealand called Wellington Sea Shanties Society.
 But there is a whole genre.
 And how did they get that name?
 There is a whole niche genre of pirate metal, and they sing Wellerman as well, this song.
 It's a Scottish band called Ayle Storm and Stormseeker.
 They've been known to sing this song, so it's been around.
 So how come he gets all the money for it then, just because he made it popular?
 Yeah, it's a traditional song, and so traditional songs, I don't think there's any copyright over...
 I'm not sure if that's right, I think that's what's right.
 Yeah, you're right.
 I think you do get royalties, but you have to bury them on a remote island.
 That's quite a pain in the arse actually.
 Okay, a little quiz question for you.
 When did the last actual proper shanty man, not like modern singers,
 when did the last proper shanty man die?
 Oh.
 Oh, well, I would have thought probably 18th century.
 Okay, any advancements?
 1992, 1992.
 1992, okay.
 Yeah, 1993.
 We're just having a laugh.
 Well, Lou, you're correct, because he died in 1992.
 Thank you.
 Are you joking, Lou?
 No, I'm not joking.
 I was, as you said it, I was like, keep the poker face, keep, like, don't give away shit.
 She's got it.
 I didn't look at his notes or anything.
 Stanley Hougill.
 I knew that.
 He was born in 1906.
 He was at sea in 1922, at the end of '16.
 He's got to be.
 Yeah.
 And then he was the shanty man on the last ever British sailing ship,
 which was called the Garth Pool, and that was on its last voyage.
 And that ship was wrecked in 1929.
 And then he lived his whole life.
 He was in the Sakawa War.
 He settled down.
 You know, he wrote down all his shanties,
 because it looked like they're all traditional.
 There wasn't this proper songbook.
 Wow.
 And he died in 1992.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 And you won't like this, but this is not really yours at back.
 But I do think I'm a bit psychic.
 Were you talking about sitting right next to the person
 who absolutely loves hearing that kind of stuff?
 Why do you think you're psychic?
 You think you pulled that out of Andy's head just now?
 Yeah, basically.
 And I'm very emotionally intelligent.
 But you don't even believe in UFOs, so I'm not going to continue.
 I said that to you in private backstage.
 That's true.
 He said he doesn't believe in UFOs and he hates women.
 Only one of those things is true.
 He's a lovely lad.
 Oh, dear.
 Oh, wow.
 Just joking.
 Punishment.
 Anyone?
 I think that's actually...
 I kind of feel like I've had enough.
 This is to do with music and the army.
 So corporal punishment in the British army
 was often meted out by drummers and bands people.
 You were the drum.
 In a way.
 I suppose in a way you were.
 The cat of nine tails is the drumsticks.
 It was like rhythm.
 Well, no, it wasn't so much that.
 It was probably...
 There was two possible reasons.
 One, that other musicians would play music
 and it would drown out the screams of the person being punished.
 Punished.
 But probably because just the people who were drummers
 or in the band, they were not proper sailors.
 And so they were like the lowest of the low of the...
 As far as, you know, who's the most senior.
 And so the idea was if you were a sailor,
 you wouldn't want to be meeting out punishment to your...
 to your peers.
 And so maybe you would get the person at the bottom to do it.
 And that apparently is where we get the idea of being drummed out.
 So being drummed out of the army is because it was the drummer
 who would do the beating.
 So they're actually beating you?
 Yeah, with the cat of nine tails, like...
 Oh, I see. OK, OK, OK.
 And do you know what a boy's pussy is?
 So...
 It's a former champion roller derby...
 ..winner.
 No, just on topic, it was a cat of nine tails,
 but for younger recruits.
 So if you're a young person who joined the army,
 you weren't of age, perhaps, they would have a...
 Like, a cat of nine tails would have nine, like, whips on it,
 and there would be knots on it,
 but yours would only have five, and it'd be made of smooth cod.
 Oh, that's nice, isn't it?
 Wow. Yeah, boy's pussy.
 Crikey.
 Have you ever heard the sea shanty come all you tongueers?
 No.
 Sing it. Just good. I can't sing it.
 Is it the same as come all you faithful?
 It's about the tongueers with the guys on board ship
 who collected stray intestines of whales floating around.
 Wow. Yeah.
 I think in Wellerman, he says, "We'll get the tonguing done,"
 or something like that. Yeah, he does, exactly.
 So that's what that means. That's what that means, yeah.
 That's very cool. Not a lovely job.
 I got a fact about whales singing.
 Actual whales and whale songs, so I love this.
 Okay, whale song spreads like human songs,
 so the scientists found there was a...
 Basically, there was a hit whale song among humpback whales
 in the West Coast of Australia.
 It was only found there, but then several months later,
 they heard that same song on the East Coast,
 and this happens in the Atlantic too,
 and basically hit whale songs make their way from West to East.
 So you will get whales in the East,
 which are still singing the old songs,
 but the whales in the West have a new song by now,
 and it gradually spreads across,
 and it's always West to East, and we don't know why.
 Wow. That is incredible.
 Imagine like the radar was singing,
 "It's not on you, it's on you!"
 He's got to get those photo-fine numbers from somewhere.
 This is a cool thing.
 There's seasickness we're talking about,
 but there's other kinds of sickness that you can get.
 Motion sickness.
 Seasickness is one of the motion sicknesses, right?
 Love sickness.
 We don't know who the person loves sickness.
 Yeah, yeah, sorry, yeah, go.
 What? Is that a thing?
 I thought you were wanting us to join in with more kinds of sickness.
 Is that a sickness?
 Yeah, it was.
 Is love sickness not a thing?
 This is this lucky guy.
 It was a proper thing in the 19th century, wasn't it?
 Love sickness.
 They thought that it meant if you had like a pallid expression
 and like just deep sun-kais and stuff,
 that's because you were love sick.
 It was supposed to be a thing.
 Okay, so with all the sicknesses,
 it's probably impossible to ever say
 this was the first person who ever had seasickness.
 This is the first person who had love sickness, right?
 But we do know the person who had the first sickness of one kind.
 So I'll give you the name.
 He's called German Titov.
 What did Titov have the sickness?
 Okay, herpes.
 Herpes sickness.
 Titov presumably space race.
 There we go.
 What? What?
 Space sickness.
 First person to ever have space sickness.
 How do you know that?
 I feel I'm a bit psychic.
 It could be all the Russian history I've read,
 but I think it's a psychic-sacr-ness.
 So Titov, he was...
 Libbit.
 Wow, I can't read minds yet.
 I know what you're thinking right now.
 Yeah, but you're saying that because you've read it,
 you're not psychic,
 but I've never read a book of my life.
 I'll just play that.
 You've written one, yeah.
 Yeah, I've written one.
 So 1961, August,
 German Titov is the, I think, the fourth human,
 certainly one of the first batches of human
 to go up and orbit the Earth.
 And he's the first person who up there gets,
 well, space sickness and vomits,
 the first-ever human to vomit in space.
 Oh, really?
 So it's a landmark thing,
 and it affects so many people,
 so many astronauts who go up there,
 and it's for the opposite reason
 that you might get C sickness
 or any kind of motion sickness on Earth.
 You have an opposite effect, right?
 I don't know the proper science,
 but to put it in context,
 if you were in a car
 and you were reading your phone or a book,
 you might get motion sickness,
 because what you're staring at
 is counter to everything else
 that is in your normal life.
 Like a movement around you,
 you're trying to keep that still?
 Yeah, exactly.
 In space, to get rid of everything moving around
 because of the lack of gravity,
 you should read a book
 and to get yourself--
 My book is now available
 from all the bookshops.
 It's called What's That Lady
 Doing Full Starts and Happy Endings.
 Cheers.
 Yeah, it's a--
 And have NASA expressed any interest, Lou?
 They've not expressed interest.
 So here's the thing.
 They were very worried when it happened to him
 because he came back down to Earth
 and was space sickness
 something that's going to carry through on into life?
 And then suddenly,
 they noticed huge changes in his personality.
 He suddenly was sort of like
 sleeping around with different women.
 He was being really rowdy in bars.
 He was like all these different personality traits
 and they thought, "God, the space sickness has come down."
 So they studied him.
 Hang on. Did my dad go up to space?
 That's the missing chapter in your book, isn't it?
 But here's what they worked out.
 It wasn't space sickness.
 It's just he was a dickhead.
 All right, cool.
 We need to move on to our next fact.
 It is time for fact number three
 and that is Andy.
 My fact is that the people of Iceland
 can think of a good use for 95% of a cod.
 So this is a fact about recycling.
 Do we know, can you tell us what part of a cod there is?
 Yeah, I was thinking that.
 That's stubborn the last few percent.
 Basically, the blood in the eyeballs are quite hard to
 monetise and make, you know,
 you properly use it.
 I've always said that.
 Blood in the eyeballs are hard to monetise.
 We have said that the aqueous humour in the eye
 can be drunk in an emergency.
 Yes, it's just hard to monetise.
 Yeah, it's hard to...
 Monetise emergency.
 Yeah, and there is a use for the blood as well.
 It can be used in sausages or as fish food,
 but it's hard to get fish to collect the blood from them.
 Anyway, basically, this is from a magazine
 called Hakai Magazine, which we've mentioned before.
 Anna's favourite.
 Anna's favourite magazine.
 Anna's favourite magazine.
 It's all about the sea and everything, nautical
 and all about water, basically.
 And Iceland catch loads of cod,
 and they didn't use much of it until recently.
 They used 40% of the cod in the early 2000s.
 Nightmare.
 Lots of waste.
 Yeah.
 You know, you're using the fillets,
 so you're eating the meat,
 but not really using it properly.
 So there is a project called 100% Fish,
 which aims to put all of the cod caught to good use,
 you know, just use the whole thing,
 which is much more sensible.
 So the skin, if you've had a burn,
 the skin can be grafted onto people now.
 So there are people who are part cod.
 No.
 Yeah.
 Really?
 And you can see the imprint of the scales as well.
 But it's a really good thing for skin grafts.
 Like, it's really, it's really,
 thousands of people have been treated with cod skin.
 Would it make you swim faster?
 No.
 What?
 No.
 Absolutely not.
 Why not?
 You're recovering from a major operation.
 You've been through hell.
 Suddenly, there's Dr. Harkin at the door saying,
 "In your speeders, come on."
 But what I'm thinking is, you could,
 is there not a way in the Olympics,
 the next Olympics,
 we put this cod skin on all of our swimmers.
 Yeah?
 No?
 You're right.
 Well, maybe it would.
 Maybe it would work.
 That's a good point.
 I don't know.
 But then you retire like age 27.
 Did you just cover the con for the rest of your life?
 Smelling a fish?
 No one wants to hang out with you.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 No, you're right.
 Tom Scaly.
 Yeah?
 Tom Scaly.
 Do you get it?
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 There's a guy called Tom Daly.
 Daly.
 And he's got, yeah.
 Do you get it?
 Tom Daly.
 Yeah, I put the cod on him.
 Yeah.
 And it's Tom Scaly.
 He dives though,
 which would presumably be a nightmare
 if he was plunging downwards
 and then just like hit the bottom
 at torpedo speed.
 Yeah.
 No suits for Tom Scaly.
 Yeah.
 Anyway.
 Some uses of a cod.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 So if you are a professional fisher person,
 and when I say professional,
 I mean you're doing it in competitions.
 So you've seen who can catch the biggest fish.
 Yeah.
 The way that they tell which fish is the best
 is they weigh it.
 Now, some people will put some like metal
 or something inside the fish to weigh it down.
 Now, what if you bought some cod on the way
 and you've shoved it inside your fish,
 they'll never find it
 because it's fish inside fish.
 Amazing.
 And that's what happens.
 There's this big scandal in fishing
 which people have been buying fillets of cod
 and shoving them inside the fishes
 to make them heavier.
 That's disgusting.
 That's so disgusting.
 It's true.
 And there was a notorious case really recently last year
 which was uncovered by a judge called Jason Fisher.
 Oh, wow.
 How desperate do you have to be to win an angling competition
 that you're busy shoving cod up another fish's arse?
 What is the...
 You must have a look at your life then
 and think, "I've lost my priorities."
 I'd go down the mouth.
 Would you?
 I probably would, yeah,
 as opposed to the small opening.
 Which is more plausible.
 Which is more fun, you know?
 You've got to get some fun out of it.
 God, that's really clever, yeah?
 It's good, isn't it? It's really clever.
 By the way, how many of us on this stage
 have been to Iceland?
 I haven't. I know you haven't.
 I've been a few times.
 Yeah, you went.
 You did a TV thing, though, didn't you?
 What was it?
 Dangerous roads.
 And it is good to go to Iceland
 when someone else is paying for it
 because it's so expensive.
 Is it really?
 It's so expensive.
 I was like, "This is really good.
 I'll have another sandwich."
 What did you see?
 Oh, yeah, I suppose it wasn't about the sandwiches.
 I saw Ed Gamble.
 Do you know a fact about Iceland?
 Everyone's...
 Loads of people are called Daddy.
 So it was my heaven.
 Because that's the name of Dave.
 That's Dave.
 They're called...
 If your name's Dave in England,
 you'd be called Daddy in Iceland.
 Chaz and Daddy.
 Yeah.
 So our fixer was called Daddy.
 And he keeps saying, "Daddy, Daddy."
 Good fun.
 So in Iceland, you're like...
 Oh, my God, the winner from Taskmaster.
 From Daddy, Channel Daddy.
 Yeah, Channel Daddy.
 Yeah, Channel Daddy.
 It was on Channel Daddy.
 Wow.
 Dave.
 Oh, I've just understood that.
 Sorry.
 I was thinking it was on Channel 4, isn't it?
 No, got it.
 Oh, sorry.
 No, it did get 4 by 0.
 But series 8 when you were on.
 Which is there more of in Iceland?
 Rabbits or Rabbis?
 Oh, that's good.
 Rabbis.
 You're saying Rabbis?
 I think so.
 Audience have pitched in with a vote for Rabbis, OK?
 Well, Rabbits.
 Rabbits, thank you.
 Yeah, I would say probably a lot of countries
 don't have any Rabbits, so I'll say Rabbis.
 One Rabbi, no Rabbits.
 You're half right.
 They've got loads of Rabbits and only one Rabbi.
 I know.
 I know a really good fact about Iceland.
 Here we go.
 They've got a dating app,
 because because it's such a small country,
 everyone's sort of related.
 So you could sleep with someone in the pub,
 and it could be your first cousin.
 Oh, my God.
 And so they've got a dating app,
 which this is true.
 I don't know why everyone's looking at me like this.
 And they've got a dating app where you can tell
 how far removed the person you've just got off with is.
 Wait, wait, wait.
 Don't you do it before?
 Yeah, maybe do it before.
 Maybe do it before.
 There's no way they're going to turn the lights on
 and you're like, "Daddy!"
 So they don't know...
 Like, you don't know all your cousins or whatever,
 but because so many people are related,
 and it's caused problems with babies coming out,
 odd and stuff,
 that someone developed this dating app so you can tell.
 Wow, that's amazing.
 But imagine if you're in the Throws of Passion,
 and you're like, "Oh, God, I've just turned the app, maybe."
 "Oh, no, maybe I won't bother."
 Iceland is home to the hottest hole on the planet.
 The hottest hole.
 Literally the hottest hole.
 Okay.
 So Geothermal Hole is the Iceland Deep Drilling Project,
 and it's 5,000 degrees Celsius at the bottom.
 It's really hot.
 I think that's been there.
 You've been there.
 I think I have.
 I think so.
 And then there's a big factory on top of it
 where you can go and visit.
 That's very cool.
 I think so.
 Yeah.
 Basically, the pressure is too high.
 You put water down there,
 and it becomes something called Supercritical,
 which I do not fully understand,
 but it's basically neither liquid nor gas.
 I don't know what it is.
 Solid?
 Yeah.
 It's ice.
 If you heat water up enough, it becomes ice again.
 Very new science.
 Yeah.
 It's so useful because they use it to heat everything.
 They can have underpavement heating from the geothermal heat.
 So people don't fall over on the ice,
 because obviously it gets really icy,
 but you don't slip over and fall, so it's very hard.
 But they use it for so much, don't they?
 Like most of the houses that the hot water comes literally
 from the core of our earth.
 It's heated by geothermal heat.
 Hot water literally from the core of our earth.
 We can edit out the literally from our weather,
 but it's like they got round problems.
 But what about that dating app?
 Have we ever spoken about the day
 that all the women went on strike in Iceland?
 I think so.
 We have.
 1975.
 Basically, there was a thing.
 The United Nations proclaimed it women's year,
 and basically the women of Iceland got together,
 this group of women as a sort of representative
 and went, we should go on strike
 and make a point about the fact that we're paid less.
 We should make a point about
 we're doing all the domestic stuff at home.
 We're doing all this stuff.
 Let's really let them know that this is
 something that we disagree with.
 And Iceland back then, in 1975,
 there's 200,000 people that live in Iceland.
 25,000 women were at one single event
 to hear the speeches that were in the lead up to this.
 And so instead of calling a strike,
 they thought we might piss off too many people
 and it won't happen.
 So they said, could we have a day off?
 And they went, oh, a day off sounds nice.
 Yeah, have a day off.
 So every woman in Iceland had a day off,
 and the country went into chaos.
 Supermarkets sold out of sausages
 because dads didn't know what to cook their kids.
 Everyone was working jobs that they didn't necessarily
 knew how to do because they thought they were at a higher level
 and they were suddenly having to be the teller at a bank
 rather than the bank manager at a bank kind of thing.
 The men refer to it still the Long Friday
 because it was such a nightmare.
 Hey, I need to move us on to our final fact of the show.
 Can I tell you one last thing?
 Yeah, of course.
 This is something that happened to an American visitor to Iceland
 in 2016.
 He was called Noel Santillan.
 He was on holiday and he arrived,
 hired his car.
 He wanted to go to Laugavegur Street.
 I'm sure I'm pronouncing that wrong.
 45 minutes from the airport, thought no problem.
 He misspelled it by one letter
 and Iceland sent him six hours,
 265 miles away to a tiny fishing village.
 So he got there.
 Bloody hell.
 But the people were very friendly and they were like,
 "Oh, what a funny mistake to make."
 "Oh, well, he stayed there for a few days like making friends."
 "Oh, it's the funny American."
 On the way back, he was trying to get to the Blue Lagoon geothermal spa.
 It happened again.
 He ended up in the coastal town,
 which is home to the office of the company which owns the spa.
 So he just ended up in an office building.
 Literally, he walked into a staff meeting rather than anything.
 And they said, "Ah, you must be the American."
 I need to move us on to our final fact of the show,
 and that is James.
 OK, my fact this week is that there is an app
 that can tell you when your fly is down.
 Yeah.
 It's just useful, isn't it?
 Right.
 It's the work of a guy called Guy Dupont,
 who is a YouTuber and a hacker.
 And he's invented loads of things.
 He's invented, like, a baby monitor,
 which vibrates when the baby cries so it's more accessible.
 He hacks his fridge so it tells him when he accidentally leaves it open.
 But this is, by far, his most useful invention.
 It's a pair of smart pants.
 And whenever your fly has been down for, let's say, 30 seconds
 or maybe a bit longer, maybe a minute or two,
 then you'll get a beep on your phone saying your fly is low.
 You need to look at it now.
 Is it called the "WiFly"?
 It's called the "WiFly".
 Oh, beautiful.
 It's really good.
 I read an article about James.
 It did sound like there were a couple of disadvantages.
 I like to gawk around with my fly is undone, for example.
 It's constantly monitoring, so your phone battery lasts about half an hour while you're using it.
 Also, you can't watch the jeans anymore
 because there are powerful magnets inside the zip.
 But it's teething troubles.
 Yeah, I'm trying those out.
 What's the problem with your fly is that it's not that big a thing that you'd...
 Would you ever get an app just to... I mean, who cares?
 Someone will tell you, right?
 I guess so.
 Maybe someone will go sort that out.
 If you're somewhere quite...
 If you're somewhere quite, like, urban, though, often people don't tell you
 because people talk to you like you're strangers.
 Yeah, if you're a primary school teacher, that's a problem.
 Yeah.
 But just day-to-day.
 Yeah, I don't know.
 I do see that.
 But yeah, like you say, because you can't wash it, that's going to be a problem.
 And it reminds me of they did make some robotic trousers for old people.
 Do you remember this?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 And they were really good.
 Obviously, they wanted to stop old people from falling over,
 so they made this kind of exoskeleton which would help them to walk.
 And it was absolutely brilliant, it worked really well,
 but the problem was that you couldn't wash them
 and they couldn't stop the old people from trying to wash them,
 no matter what they said to them.
 They just kept putting them in the washing machine.
 They're often shitting themselves.
 We're really living in a sort of golden...
 unrecognized, I would say, golden age of innovation in the app world.
 So one that I found is Airbnb.
 So like Airbnb, but Airbnb is for people who hate public toilets
 and there are people in the local area who've put their apartment
 listed just as the toilets.
 No.
 So you can go and you can just...
 It's like me being at home and someone knocking on the door and go,
 "Oh, we got an Airbnb appointment."
 And they come in and take a piss in my toilet and then head off.
 No.
 And we give each other a review.
 What's the review?
 I think that is run by perverts.
 It's got to be.
 As a woman, there's no way you go to a stranger's house to use the toilet.
 I don't think so.
 No, good point.
 Not even if they were like 4.9 stars.
 Have you never killed anyone?
 Oh, boffin.
 Yeah, no, there's a really good point.
 I think it's more the ideas that I find interesting than the practicality of it.
 Yeah.
 Have you put your home on Airbnb?
 No, not yet, but it was my...
 Because it was my dream.
 Well, I was in a bit of London once.
 It was near a park and there were no toilets around.
 And I thought, "You know, I should do it.
 I should just open up a toilet and I'll sit in there.
 Like I'm Ted Dancing in Cheers and people come in and they'll have a pee and we'll chat
 and then they'll go out.
 I'll charge them, I don't know, 20 quid of piss and stuff like that."
 Well, they're getting a good chat, aren't they?
 Yeah, exactly.
 Who would pay 20 quid to have a brief chat with you and then a piss?
 Yep.
 I mean, you've invented the public toilet there.
 I don't think you know.
 No, no, no.
 Because that's dirty and disgusting, the public toilet.
 And there might be people in there who are naughty.
 And so this is...
 What's the point at me when you say that?
 I was referring back to your point.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 So this would be guaranteed a high-class...
 No one ever opens a public toilet.
 No one ever...
 Exactly.
 Nobody ever opens a public toilet saying, "Well, in two weeks this is going to be a disgraceful
 to be a disgraceful...
 No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
 no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
 no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
 no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
 no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
 No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
 no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
 random calls with strangers. So if I go to a public toilet, might someone chat to me while I'm there?
 I'm just thinking. On Wanky? On Wanky, yeah. That's Wanky, I think. That's a very different app.
 There's a few other apps which I think are really cool. So there's an app that can blow out candles.
 What? Yeah, isn't that really cool? So it's called the Blower app and it's a... You must have been
 disappointed when you downloaded that. Your mum designed it.
 It's basically, it's an extraordinary kind of innovation where certain frequencies are
 generated by the app. That means that the phone itself shakes in such a way and where there are
 the holes for the speakers, it turns the air that's inside into being propelled out strong enough
 that it can blow out a candle. Wow. So you can use it, yeah. But why can't you just blow out your
 own candles? Well, it's... That's not the spirit that, you know, conquered the American frontier,
 is it? Let's do things the way we've done them in the past. No, let's make the phone app do it.
 Let's make the phone app conquer the American frontier for us. We did say in the past that when
 you blow out candles on a cake, it puts loads of germs all over the cake. So it's a bad thing to do.
 You don't think that's covered in germs? Well, I did read there was a study of 3,500
 swabs taken from people's phones and they found nine unstudied branches of bacterial life,
 including many species of bacteria that were unknown to science. Wow. They found one species
 of Edwards bacteria that had only previously been known in an underground water aquifer
 and another one that was only found previously in abandoned gold mines. Wow. And they're just on
 your phone. That's amazing, isn't it? Like, that's quite nice in a way. I feel like I'm harboring
 interesting things. Oh, yeah. We all feel that. I know what you mean. It is kind of nice in a way,
 but we don't know whether how safe it is, I suppose. Do you know the word fly? For your zip?
 Or for anything? Yeah, fly. Do you know what the word fly originally meant? Did it mean a zip? Did it
 mean the insect or did it mean to fly around somewhere? Oh, looking cool. Oh, looking cool.
 There's four options. Which one do you think came first? I'd guess to fly. To fly as in the verb,
 yeah. Well, weirdly enough, it was the insect that came first and then it came to mean like flapping
 your wings or flapping things and then it came to mean flying as in the verb to fly. And the reason
 that you have a fly on your trousers, the fly is not the zipper. It's the bit that covers the zipper
 and that's because it kind of flaps in the wind like the front of a tent. So where you have the
 zipper of a tent, you have a little bit of cloth and that flaps in the wind. Oh, yeah. And that was
 named a fly because it flaps and then the front of your trousers was named a fly because it looks
 like the front of a tent. So tents came before trousers? Before flies were named, yeah. Well,
 that in itself is a very exciting fact. Do you not think? Oh, yeah, I'm aroused.
 I found a couple of new apps that are launched, one new app that's launched this summer, which is
 quite exciting. I've actually got it on my phone now so I can answer questions about it. It's called
 Text with Jesus. Oh, lovely. And it's recreated our Lord as a chat GPT guy and you can write,
 you can ask questions and he'll answer you. And you get lots of people. You get Jesus, Moses,
 the Virgin Mary, Abraham's nephew, Lot. Was he the one who got turned into a pillar of salt?
 That was Lot's wife, I think. Oh, is it? But you can ask Lot what was it like when your wife was
 turned into a pillar of salt. And basically they write back quite convincing answers. They're
 quite realistic. Got any examples? Hang on, I have to dig out, sorry, because I have been chatting to
 them. Mary Magdalene cost $2.99 a month because various people are locked on the thing so you
 can't access. How much is Jesus? Jesus is free. Jesus is part of the package. That's good message.
 Jesus is free. Of the Apostles, only Peter is free and everyone else is locked.
 John the Baptist, Abraham. Judas on there. Judas Iscariot is on there. How much?
 He's 30 pieces of silver. I don't get so much Judas material these days.
 I chatted a bit up to Job. Oh, God, is he having a tough time, I guess? He is when he's chatting to me.
 That legendary patience is wearing very thin.
 He's finally given up on God now, hasn't he? Also, when you look at the messages, he's written
 quite a lot. That's a joke. That's a joke. That's a joke. Job's is a single line answer and he's like
 ten lines per message. My opening gambit with Job was, "What joke should I get? Ha, ha, ha.
 Sunglasses emoji." Job replied, "Ha, ha. I see what you did there." Well,
 I said to some detail, we're playing. Hang on, who is, is that all the long message,
 is that Joe? The long message was, "I'm not writing an essay to Joe."
 What does Job think of the podcast? Can you ask? I can ask, yeah.
 Yeah, do that live and let's find out. Also, can you ask Job why he's so clingy?
 As an ancient figure, I must admit that I'm not familiar with modern podcasts like no such thing
 as a fish. Oh, muttered. That's going on the poster. It's no, "My dad wrote a porno," of course.
 Is that why he's put "seriously?" No, it's not why he's put "seriously."
 He says, "From what I gather, this is what it is," and they discuss interesting and unusual facts.
 Podcasts like these can be great for expanding your knowledge, discovering fascinating tidbits,
 and even sparking curiosity. If you enjoy learning new things, don't laugh sarcastically at that.
 If you enjoy learning new things in an entertaining way, it sounds like no such
 thing as a fish could be right up your alley. Nice. Of course, everyone's taste is stiffer.
 Okay, that's it. That is all of our facts. Thank you so much for listening. If you'd like to get in
 contact with any of us about the things that we've said over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter accounts. I'm on @Sriberland, James--
 @JamesHarken--
 --Andy--
 @AndrewHunterM--
 --and Lou--
 @LewSanders, we think.
 What do you mean?
 Well, I don't know what my Twitter name is. But also, you looked at me like that was incorrect,
 and I trust you more than me.
 That alone, myself, was doing.
 Or you can go to our group account, which is @NoSuchThing, or our website.
 NoSuchThing is a fish.com. All of our previous episodes are there, so do check them out. Of course,
 definitely, definitely pick up Lou's amazing new book, What's That Lady Doing?
 Out in bookshops now or online. And do check out all of our previous episodes. They are on NoSuchThing
 is a fish.com. Thank you so much, everyone, for being here. We so appreciate it. That was really
 fun. We'll see you again another time. That's the end of our Soho run. That's it. This is, yeah.
 Well, hopefully, play here again. But until then, we'll see you around. Goodbye!
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
