 Hi everyone, welcome to this week's episode of Fish, where we are joined by the wonderful
 Sophie Duker.
 Now, if you don't know who Sophie Duker is, where have you been?
 Certainly not watching season 13 of Taskmaster, that's for sure, which is the season that
 she won.
 She is also one mastermind.
 She's a regular on our television, on all of the panel shows, and she was absolutely brilliant
 on our show.
 If you want to learn anything more about Sophie, the best place to go is to sophieduker.com
 that's S-O-P-H-I-E-D-U-K-E-R dot C-O-M.
 And actually, she also has a comedy night known as Wacky Racists, which is coming to
 the Hackney Empire on the 26th of October.
 That will be hosted by Sophie and will include Nish Kumar and all sorts of other guests who
 are yet to be announced.
 That will be a brilliant night, you should definitely get your tickets for that.
 But like I said, any information on Sophie, the best place to go is to sophieduker.com.
 Very much hope you enjoyed this week's show.
 I will bore you with adverts for upcoming live shows or for clubfish.
 You know where to go if you want to get involved with those.
 For now, let's just say on with a podcast.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming
 to you from the QI offices in Hoburn.
 My name is Dan Schreiber, I'm sitting here with James Harkin, Andrew Hunter Murray and
 Sophie Juker and once again, we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite
 facts from the last seven days and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, that is Sophie.
 Oh my God, my fact is, during their mating season, male camel's stomachs actually shrink
 so that they can concentrate on chasing females.
 That's incredible.
 Brilliant.
 So they need to stop less for food, or is it, what is it?
 I think it's so that they look fit, but also, yeah, is it like breathing in and sticking
 your chest out?
 They have got three stomachs, haven't they?
 So it will have a good effect if they suck in all three stomachs.
 Wow.
 Sadly, I don't think they suck in their stomachs.
 I think they're sucking their stomachs to be kind of more agile and literally chase
 women.
 Oh, really?
 I totally bought the first reason, thanks for clarifying.
 I think it's so they can be faster because there is quite a disgusting display that camels
 do when they are, male camels do, sorry, female camels are angels on it.
 And males are disgusting, rat-like, toxic, yeah, yeah.
 So talking about the toxic male camel, toxic male camel have this thing that they do also
 during their mating season where they blow up their soft palate, so I don't know exactly
 how they do it.
 I'm not a camel, but I'm very culturally aware and some people think that they've like thrown
 up their stomachs or like part of their mouths, but it's actually like they blow up their
 soft palate so that this huge bulbous pink glistening thing hangs out of their mouths
 and it looks almost exactly like a pair of testicles.
 It really does.
 It's so disgusting.
 I saw a picture just this morning.
 I never thought of it that way, but yeah.
 Can you say that again, testicles are disgusting?
 Oh, yeah.
 Yes, yeah.
 I'm not happy with that.
 There was a study recently about how attractive testicles are and they showed a load of images
 of scrotums to women and asked them to rate how attractive they were and in the abstract
 at the start of it, it said we were unable to say that any scrotums were attractive.
 We were only allowed to say which was the least unattractive.
 Oh, no.
 What are they all human?
 They were all human.
 Sorry, I should say they were all human testicles.
 Some people are getting theirs smoothened.
 If you get some Botox in there.
 You can have a smooth Botox.
 Oh, yes to have them.
 Yeah, yeah.
 You can do that.
 I don't think any Botox scrotum were part of the study.
 Right.
 And also then it's so much harder for them to be expressive, which is a real shame.
 That bag that they have, the one that you're talking about, is it called the Duller?
 Yes.
 Yeah, I didn't know how to pronounce it, so I'm glad you took the fool for that.
 But the camel can close its nose to avoid, I think, sand in the desert storm and things
 like that.
 And I think it closes its nose and then just breathes out into the bag.
 You know when you're kind of trying to make your nose pop?
 Yes.
 And you're trying to equalize on the bag.
 Exactly.
 God, we don't do that when we try and pop our ears and try and ball set comes out of
 our mouth.
 No, but you're actually not meant to.
 I didn't know this.
 You're not meant to do that out of the water.
 That's meant to be like a dive.
 If someone told me.
 Oh, wow, really?
 So maybe if you did it hard enough, you would.
 Yeah, yeah.
 The Duller would flop out.
 Wow.
 But to make it so that sack that comes out, that is seen as quite a sexy thing towards
 the female camels and they drool foam at the same time.
 It's a quite...
 Lovely.
 I know it's wrong because it's sort of saying I find it disgusting, but obviously it's an
 animal thing.
 And you know, but in this case, it's just disgusting.
 I think it's fine even these days to say that something that an animal does is not attractive
 to you.
 I think that is allowed.
 But I find everything else animals do really sexy.
 They urinate on their own tails, don't they?
 Hot.
 See?
 Yeah.
 Is that for scent?
 Yeah, to lay down the scent, lay down the pheromones.
 And then they flick it up like a little...
 Flick it up.
 Yeah.
 I don't know if that's just because they're dicks.
 They sort of flick it up a little shower of it.
 There's something else they do during mating season.
 Oh, yeah.
 Which is...
 This is...
 Oh, sorry.
 I'm sorry.
 I'm sorry.
 But they do...
 They must do.
 They must do.
 Otherwise how?
 So this is a study done in Saudi Arabia or maybe the UAE.
 So this is deceitful behavior by male camels during mating season.
 So they wait for the cover of darkness and their males will lie down and they'll pretend
 to go to sleep.
 But they're not asleep.
 They're just waiting for a female to be lulled into a false sense of security.
 And then the male pounce on them.
 Yeah, it's not great.
 No.
 So I know anthropomorphism is also not the point, but then the females respond by biting
 the male's knee joints if they're not interested, which can give them arthritis in the long
 run.
 Okay.
 So if you ever see an old camel with arthritis, it means in his younger days he was a sex
 pest.
 Yeah, that's exactly what it means.
 Yeah.
 I saw a sex video the other day of camels having mating.
 You saw a what?
 Sorry.
 I saw a video.
 Like, yeah.
 Like just watch...
 Was it part of this research or just...
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 It was...
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 I mean, I would have got to it anyway eventually, but...
 So this footage was because two camels I think was in Dubai or Abu Dhabi just were doing
 it in the middle of the road.
 So traffic was held up.
 Everyone was filming it.
 And it was effectively, the female camel was on the ground and it was...
 They sit down, don't they?
 Yeah.
 And it was like doggy style.
 Yeah.
 And it was interesting, because in my head I hadn't pictured how camels would have sex
 and...
 Well, like almost all mammals, it's doggy style, but the difference is that the females sit
 down.
 Yeah, which is serious.
 They just take a seat and then the male goes behind.
 Do you know why camels have humps?
 Sort of.
 Yeah.
 Well, to store energy and fat reserves.
 Yeah.
 Why do they need to store?
 Like, do you mean like, why there?
 Or what?
 Why do they need to store?
 Oh, because they don't have time without food and...
 Well, in actual fact, it's not because they evolved in the desert, it's because they evolved
 in the Arctic.
 Oh.
 So camels evolved in really cold conditions and they evolved the humps and then eventually
 they migrated down into hotter areas and it turned out that they were brilliant for that
 condition as well.
 That's so good.
 And that's where they ended up.
 Beautiful.
 Yeah.
 Although, like the Americas is where camels first evolved.
 The former Americas, yeah.
 Originally, yeah.
 And what...
 There used to be mega camels, like four meters high at the shoulder.
 There used to be gigantic camels roaming the earth.
 Yeah.
 How long ago?
 Like at the time when everything was massive.
 Before there were humans in the Americas, I think, right?
 Yes.
 I think so.
 Certainly tens, maybe hundreds of thousands of years.
 I've got another old camel fat.
 I feel like they're very versatile because the earliest stone camel apparently called
 Protylopus that did North America 40 to 50 million years ago.
 That was the size of a rabbit.
 Oh.
 The size of a little rabbit.
 That's amazing.
 The rabbit is the size of a rabbit.
 They were the size of a rabbit.
 They were massive.
 So they were really small and then went really big and then went really small.
 Yeah.
 Well, they sort of found a middle ground today.
 Yeah, they did.
 They found a range.
 That's very cool.
 Do you want to hear a couple of camel proverbs?
 Oh, okay.
 These are good.
 These are from the Middle East.
 Here's one.
 "Egg will steal a camel."
 Is that what they have at the start of their DVDs?
 You wouldn't steal an egg.
 What does that mean?
 I suck with proverbs.
 What does that mean?
 It means if I was disautistic enough to do something small against you, then don't trust
 me because I'll do something even worse against you.
 Exactly.
 Here's another one that's slightly harder to get.
 The door is big enough for a camel to pass through.
 Well, that's in the Bible.
 See you.
 No, that's about the rich man getting into hell.
 I haven't.
 I haven't.
 Easy and then a camel to get through the high of an eagle.
 For a rich man to get through.
 No, this is just the door is big enough for a camel to pass through.
 It's big door.
 Big old door.
 That's right.
 Big door.
 Which size camel are we talking about?
 Is this like a rabbit flap?
 Yeah, it's a rabbit flap.
 It's more small.
 It's a nice saying, actually.
 Oh, everyone's welcome.
 It's actually the opposite of that.
 It's feel free to leave.
 You know, you're not interested.
 The door is big enough for a camel to pass through.
 There's nothing keeping you here.
 Wow.
 That's not a good phrase.
 That is a good phrase.
 Did you see camels recently, Sophie?
 I did see camels recently because I went to the desert.
 Yeah.
 And it falls out.
 They're all over the shop.
 I was chilling, though, not literally because it was so hot and dry with the Bedouin.
 Oh, cool.
 Yeah.
 And Bedouin people and other pastoralist people, like their camels are, they're a big
 deal.
 They love their camels.
 There's actually a, I want to say, like a folkloric tradition of song called the Alhuda, whereas
 part of a journey you sing to entertain primarily the camel.
 Cool.
 So it's...
 My horns.
 My horns.
 It's just that.
 There's a lot of, a lot of Fergie's back catalog talking about, but yeah, I really like
 that.
 And Alhuda has been adopted on the UNESCO Intangible Heritage List.
 Oh, cool.
 That's cool.
 That's really cool.
 That's lovely.
 Did you sing it to the camels?
 I didn't sing, I didn't sing to the camels.
 I sort of was like, I sort of looked at them respectfully, but did not ride a camel.
 Oh, you didn't ride?
 I didn't ride a camel.
 It's fun.
 I've ridden a camel.
 Oh, but are you supposed to these days?
 Yeah.
 Are you?
 It's absolutely fine.
 It's cool to ride camels.
 Okay.
 Well, I mean, Sophie's been near a camel more recently than me, so there might be more
 recent data.
 When I was doing it, it was absolutely...
 Where did you do it?
 Dubai.
 Nice.
 When I was, I was tiny.
 And the weird thing is when they, because they kneel down, they fold their legs so
 efficiently under themselves, and then you get on and then they stand up.
 Yeah, yeah.
 But that means they have this mad, they tilt back crazily as one set of legs gets up, and
 then they tilt back the other way as the other set of legs gets up, and then eventually
 you're, you're flat.
 But it's...
 Also, they are so important for so much more than being ridden.
 Yeah.
 So much more than a great ride.
 I think like camel milk in Jordan, the Mansaf, like it's like a dish with camel milk is one
 of the, what was the national dish of Jordan, and it's meant to have like so many different
 heaving properties.
 Did you try it?
 I did try Mansaf.
 Oh, yeah.
 It was, it was good.
 Yeah.
 It was like a bit tough.
 You're saying, right, you didn't like it at all.
 I loved it.
 I loved it.
 I just liked mixing them a lot.
 I wouldn't want undiluted camel milk, but that's because I'm a baby raised on, raised
 on cow, but now very much transition to oat and almond.
 Here's the thing camels can do.
 This is great.
 They can move the two halves of their top lip left and right independently of each other.
 Oh, okay.
 How cool is that?
 Oh, that's fun.
 Because you can picture a camel's face.
 It has that kind of, you know, gap in the middle at the top of their lip and they can
 move them.
 So like how many people do that really fun eyebrow thing where they raise one eyebrow.
 They've got the lip equivalent.
 Yeah.
 Exactly.
 That's so cool.
 There must be a look in the camel world that they give when they're like.
 You can signal that you're not really into it if you're kissing someone, but they're
 only using half your mouth.
 That's how you can, you know.
 Yeah.
 I feel like they're like their inherent eroticism and also, um, like I think a lot of stuff
 about the physicality of camels is probably why they've not yet been given the Pixar treatment.
 They're too earthy.
 They're too bawdy.
 Yeah.
 They're too like, they're just really off the sand.
 They're sex pests.
 They're sex pests.
 Yeah.
 But like even they're, um, one of the factors that they, they're urine has been used in
 like certain like traditions.
 Yeah.
 People drink their urine, use them as medicines.
 There's not a whole lot of scientific evidence I found that proves that that it's a good
 idea.
 No.
 It's like super concentrated.
 God, Sophie, how did your meeting with Pixar go?
 Oh my God, no you don't understand.
 He drinks the urine and then it's super concentrated.
 That's the way it works.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So there's like, there's a traditional thing of drinking cow urine in India, for instance,
 right?
 But they do think that because camels, they don't have as much water in their body that
 it is more concentrated and whatever good stuff is in cow urine, it's even better.
 In camel urine.
 That's the idea.
 Oh, right.
 Do you think that's true?
 Do we, does what I said is true whether it's good for you.
 I think perhaps.
 It feels strong.
 It feels like stuff.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I think not.
 Is that where the milk is so tart because it's because they, it's not very tart.
 Okay.
 I don't want to, I don't want to offend the camels of Jordan.
 It was just a bit, it was different.
 I actually think that goat milk is, it's probably as weird, no offense to as goat milk.
 Because goat milk tastes a bit goatee, doesn't it?
 Does it, can you get a bit of camel taste in it or not?
 I think I've not done a comparative study.
 It was sort of a malty.
 Right.
 Okay.
 I mean, it's all milk malty.
 Is that the point of malt?
 No.
 It was maltyer than milk.
 Like oval tea.
 Especially malty.
 I just, I just actually had my first oval tea.
 Bullshit.
 You have oval tea every night, Andy.
 There's no doubt about that.
 Let me finish.
 I finished my first jar of oval tea in a while.
 Really?
 The first jar of the year.
 I hadn't had it for years and years and years, then my wife said, "Oh, I've never had it."
 And I said, "What you said to me, Jensen, I said, 'Bullshit, like you can't, I can't
 believe you've never had it.'"
 So I rushed out.
 I thought to myself.
 What time did this?
 Went to your dealer.
 I went to the all night shop.
 It was two in the morning.
 I got a jar.
 Anyway, for the last three weeks, I've been trying to push oval tea in my wife who actually
 doesn't like the taste of oval tea.
 Yeah.
 Anyway, I got a quick Camel quiz.
 Camel's got a lot of this story.
 Camel quiz.
 Get stuff.
 I just wanted to sort of part one, part two to break it up, it's so good.
 Quick Camel quiz.
 Yes, brilliant.
 Three.
 Okay.
 So why should you not, if you're in the desert, step into Camel Dung?
 Well, I mean, for the get some of your shoes.
 Yeah.
 That is also a correct answer, even though that's not the one I have on my sheet.
 Smells bad, bad vibes.
 Oh, you might injure some of these smaller life forms which rely on it as a, as a biome.
 You know, don't dung beetles and stag beetles, they use it.
 I was thinking perhaps similarly, but maybe it's like some poisonous animals live in it.
 Yeah.
 Who might bite your feet.
 Lovely.
 I thought it's so toxic that it would melt your foot off at the bone.
 Yeah.
 That's good.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I mean, these are probably all correct.
 Maybe Sophie's one a bit lesser, but maybe the rest of them.
 This is, I mean, it's a stretch, my answer.
 I'm just making a fun quiz here, but you don't want to do it because you might explode entirely.
 Right.
 And that is because during the Second World War, the German tanks, if they saw a camel
 dung would roll over it.
 It was seen as a sort of good lunch on the allies heard about this.
 And so what they started doing was making camel dung landmines.
 So they looked the facade of it on top and so that would lower.
 So like we know that bombs still exist, you know, in the basement, so, you know, we're
 always finding unexploded World War Two bombs.
 There's probably camel dung landmines still out there in the desert waiting.
 That's where we're in.
 There you go.
 Gosh.
 I'm very next to have the urge to jump into a pile of shit at this point.
 Okay.
 It is time for fact number two.
 And that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that the first woman to ever direct a film was a guy.
 I was recently sitting on a plane and we were about to do fact picking and I desperately
 needed like one killer fact.
 And I was like, how am I going to find it?
 Plains about to take off.
 And on the screen in front of me was the in flight entertainment and there was a documentary
 called Alice Guy, the first female filmmaker and I thought, wow, that's, that's really
 exciting.
 I have no idea who this person is.
 And B, it turns out that she's extraordinary.
 Turns out that this is one of the most seminal filmmakers of our time.
 The innovation that she created is something that means she should be held up there with
 like the Lumiere brothers up there with the Spielbergs, the Scorsese.
 This is someone whose name should be a household name and no one virtually knows who she is.
 Well, first of all, was she French?
 She was French.
 Yeah.
 So would she pronounce it Guy?
 Yeah.
 So Alice Guy would probably be her name and and she had a second surname, which was her
 husband's surname that she took on.
 So it was Alice Guy Blush Blanchet Blanchet, I think.
 Blanchet.
 So hang on.
 What's the fact again in the light of these?
 But she not only was the first female director, but she was the first female director for
 about a decade.
 Like she just really only field was a period where obviously men were just saying, you're
 not capable of doing this.
 She's also acknowledged as possibly being one of the first two people to pioneer the
 idea of narrative filmmaking as well.
 Up until this point, everything was just sort of showing a train pulling in the station
 or people walking out of a factory where she gave it a story and she turned it into a
 narrative.
 So yeah, hugely important.
 Very cool.
 Yeah.
 She lived until she was 94, which was 1968 that she died.
 And I think by that time, only about three of her films were still available.
 She made a thousand or was involved in a thousand, you know, directing, producing, supervising.
 And I think a lot more have been made available since she died or they just rediscovered.
 We keep finding them.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, it's amazing.
 She was when the Lumiere's made the first ever film.
 This was in 1895.
 She was in the room when that happened, as in there was a private showing and her boss,
 who's a guy called Gaumont, was invited because they thought that Gaumont might want to buy
 the equipment and kind of sell it on to people.
 And he was quite interested because he thought people would buy it so they could make videos
 of their children.
 That's what he thought this new technology would be of motion pictures.
 And he was right.
 Yeah.
 So he did buy some of these cameras and then he allowed Alice Guy to use them because he
 thought it was just like a toy.
 It was just like, you know, he didn't really take it that seriously.
 So he just let her do it and then suddenly she became the biggest, you know, the biggest
 deal in filmmaking.
 Yeah.
 And her first movie, there's a few variations on the title, but one of the English translations
 is The Cabbage Fairy.
 And it's basically a narrative about how babies are born through cabbage patches.
 And we had an episode with Beck Hillog where we were trying to work out when did anyone
 think you were born from a cabbage patch to talk about the Cabbage Patch Kids.
 Oh my God.
 This goes all the way back.
 And the Cabbage Patch Kids.
 Yeah.
 And she's partly responsible for the Cabbage Patch Kids.
 It's amazing.
 You look like you have Cabbage Patch Kids.
 I don't know.
 They're scary.
 I don't like them.
 But I do love talking about France.
 And the folklore is that boys are born from cabbages, but girls are born from roses.
 Right.
 And I don't want to be so...
 Still to this day.
 That's the thing.
 Still to this day.
 That's how French people are born.
 There are claims that she invented the music video, which I like.
 I think a pretty early prototypical form of it, because she used to think of Chronophone
 in 1905, which is where you filmed the singer's lip syncing, and then you'd play a pre-recorded
 track simultaneously with it.
 Yeah.
 But also, I mean, the list kind of goes on and on for what she innovated in the world
 of film.
 So we've got the first narrative movies.
 We've got the first movies where gender roles were swapped and they showed men at home sewing
 and doing the housework, and the women actually going off and being actually, you know, big
 business jobs and so on, which was...
 Wasn't that in the year 2000?
 That was the...
 I think the name of that film.
 It was the first gender roles.
 Right.
 That's brilliant.
 She did the first All African-American film.
 No one had done that to that point.
 That was 1912, a fool in his money.
 Apparently, it was a bit sort of behind, though, in terms of the racial politics of the time.
 But it was the first time African-Americans were cast into films, entirely in a film.
 So she did so many things that were just unbelievably forward-thinking.
 Yeah.
 And this is right at the beginning of filming the first Fast and Furious film.
 Yeah.
 That's right.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 With a young Vin Diesel.
 Yeah.
 It's pronounced Van.
 On the fool in his money, it was another one of her works that was considered lost for
 ages, and then it was found in a flea market in Stockton, California.
 Wow.
 So she's left like little Easter eggs.
 I mean, maybe not deliberately.
 Right, yeah.
 But she's got her finger into loads of cinematic pies.
 I do like the sound of her masterpiece, The Life of Christ.
 Yeah.
 Sounds good.
 So there's a huge, like huge film, 35 Minutes Long, which at the time was an epic Lord of
 the Rings style.
 Yeah.
 So 35 Minutes Long, right?
 Do you think people after 20 minutes were going, "Oh, for fuck's sake, I'm glad those
 were exploding everywhere?"
 But that's, I think, for a film that was 35 minutes long in total.
 And again, 1906, so incredibly early film days.
 It had 25 different sets for a 35-minute film and 300 extras.
 The 300 extras is, you know, if you're filming a scene where there's a big crowd.
 Sure.
 But at the time, it was impressive stuff, I guess.
 Yeah, definitely.
 They had the first-ever pan shot, didn't they?
 Really?
 So she kind of panned across these 300 people.
 People must have freaked out.
 I know.
 What's happening?
 Well, you know that thing about the train.
 So I think we've mentioned this once before on this show, which is that one of the earliest
 films was, was it the Lumiere's?
 Or was it?
 Yeah, it was.
 It was a train arriving at some gah.
 It was a French coastal tower called La Ciutat.
 And it was one shot, 50 seconds, and the urban legend is that people freaked out and ran
 to the back of the room because they were so perturbed at the train coming towards them.
 And there aren't actually contemporary sources.
 And also the train is coming in diagonally.
 So it doesn't look like it's going to burst into the room.
 But I think I buy it, actually, and I'm saying about it, despite there being no evidence
 contemporary that it actually happened.
 But people react to films, people shout at, you know, all people shout in a big way at
 the cinema.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Well, there's a big, there's a big trend going on at the moment on, it's either Instagram
 or TikTok.
 I've seen the video where you expect something to happen and the person filming it tricks
 you by throwing the object at the camera.
 And I probably went, whoa, so you can produce that effect.
 Right.
 So I buy it as well.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I buy it three.
 Okay.
 No, I don't buy it at all.
 It's a bullshit.
 I think it's classic of, isn't it funny how these people in the past were more stupid
 than us that they would fall for this kind of thing?
 Yeah.
 Well.
 I also have no evidence.
 I think you are probably right.
 I was reading about Florence Lawrence.
 What's so funny about Florence Lawrence?
 Nothing.
 Nothing at all.
 First ever movie star, maybe.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 So she was making very early films, but she insisted that her name be on the credits.
 Okay.
 Because in those days, it would just be actors and you wouldn't say who was in it.
 And she became quite well known.
 And so she could insist that her name would be on there.
 And she was, she was originally vaudeville.
 She was known as baby flow, the child wonder whistler.
 So she would go on stage with her mom and she would be an amazing at whistling.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 And she also was one of the first people to own a car.
 And she invented the indicator on a car and the stop breaking lights on a car.
 Oh, the lights.
 Okay.
 Break.
 Yeah.
 Everyone before then.
 They were all still driving around.
 They were like, what are we going to do?
 It was like speed.
 It was like very, very slow.
 And they're all going at 10 miles an hour.
 So it's fine.
 Yeah.
 It was slightly different.
 So her indicator was like the shape of an arm.
 And she would press a button and the arm would sort of wave to the side that she was
 going to go.
 More fun.
 Much more fun.
 And then the stop sign would be like a arm coming out going, I'm going to stop.
 I'm going to stop.
 Wow.
 At the back of the car.
 That's so cool.
 It's clever, isn't it?
 But yeah.
 And she was like the first film star as well.
 What a pivot in her career.
 Yeah.
 Cool.
 The thing about her back to A Guy is that I love that she was so active in trying to
 scout for the locations that she would put herself into weird situations.
 So she was almost like an immersive documentary maker at the same time.
 She'd go to Orphanages and she would integrate herself there and she would go to…
 No way.
 No way.
 No way.
 She was a child.
 I imagine Daniel Day-Lewis turns into an orphanage.
 Pretend I'm not here, guys.
 Daniel Day-Lewis in his little red wig.
 Yeah, no, sorry, that's the wrong term, but like she would go to Opium Parlor.
 She would go to…
 Okay.
 She would go to prisons.
 She would…
 She was invited to watch…
 In the hall there.
 In the hall there.
 In the hall there.
 Actually, yeah.
 It does sound just like a wild night, actually.
 A crazy night last night when I came in at Orphanage.
 But yeah.
 That does sound cool.
 Yeah.
 And I quite like that she used to have a sign on her…
 So kind of like in Ted Lasso where Belive was up on the wall.
 She used to have a sign up on all of her sets, which was Be Natural and The Idea for Actors
 and so on.
 I mean, another innovation of sort of like, you know, let's just make this look like
 a normal thing.
 Oh, just so cool, yeah.
 I think she's cool.
 And the fact about people that she possibly might have inspired, because like we talked
 about her fooling us money.
 Maybe not the…
 Yeah.
 Not a film that would translate today but had the first all African-American cast.
 Yeah.
 So that was in 1912.
 And in 1919, Oscar Michaud, who's like considered to be the first African-American filmmaker,
 he made his first film.
 So like that's a whole like seven years beforehand.
 Yeah.
 Also, I think one of the first female African-American directors, Maria P. Williams, worked on the
 Flames of Roth.
 But she, okay, so this is how she died.
 I'm bringing it up because it's very mysterious.
 Okay.
 So she produced and wrote in this film in the same year her husband died and she went
 on to marry another man.
 And then she died in 1932.
 This is Maria P. Williams after being called away from her home by a stranger who requested
 help for his ill brother and then was found shot to death on the side of a road several
 miles from her home.
 Oh my god.
 The murder remains unsolved.
 Ironically, the plot for Flames of Roth concerns the investigation of a murder after a robbery.
 Wow.
 That is interesting.
 How do you solve a problem like Maria P. Williams?
 Just one weird thing off the back of Maria P. Williams.
 Oh yeah.
 So the guy who invented the film camera, Louis Le Prince, French guy, moved to Leeds and
 created the film camera five years before anyone else did.
 So he was pre-Lumiere brothers.
 He was pre-everybody basically.
 Oh wow.
 He made a working film camera.
 He made some films in round-tail Leeds and then he disappeared.
 Really?
 And we have no idea what happened to him either.
 He may have been bumped off.
 There is a kind of lurid theory that Edison had him knocked off, which I don't think
 I believe.
 Really?
 But he was first by years as well.
 Louis Le Prince.
 Yeah.
 In Leeds.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 He's got such a sexy name and then it's like...
 Not that Leeds makes it less sexy but it's sort of like...
 It sort of changes the vibe.
 Leeds is a very sexy place, isn't it?
 Is it?
 I went on a mini-walking tour of Leeds after our last show there.
 Yeah.
 Walk up in an orphanage.
 It's either one who...there was one who kind of got on a train and then they never saw
 them again.
 It's that one.
 Another filmmaker.
 I think it's this guy.
 Is it?
 Yeah.
 I didn't write down how he went missing but yeah.
 When you're on a film set they call it a shoot.
 Coincidence.
 Oh yeah.
 I thought a long time before saying that and I think it's better than I did.
 No need for doubt that.
 Can I give you a quick quiz before we move on?
 Yeah.
 Raquel Welsh.
 Yes.
 The actor has a world record.
 She's done something 15 times that no one else has done 15 times.
 Raquel Welsh who just died.
 Yeah.
 Raquel Welsh of the third bikini from One Million Years BC.
 Yeah.
 The very same.
 She's done something 15 times.
 Yeah.
 Is it a film?
 Is it a film related record?
 A female film actor related thing.
 She was the first female film actor to refuse to answer questions on her fur bikini 15 times.
 I don't know.
 The start of that sentence she runs such a good run there selfie and then it went wrong
 at the end.
 I'm not familiar with Raquel Welsh.
 No.
 15 times.
 Did she play the same person 15 times?
 No she didn't.
 She did the same action 15 times in different movies.
 A gesture.
 A V-sign.
 V-sign.
 It was a horrible thing with it.
 Oh that's good.
 Yeah.
 Stop it.
 Like a MGM roar?
 Did she do a sort of...
 That was her.
 No.
 That was a lion.
 A gesture.
 A tiger actually.
 A tiger.
 Sorry.
 The chicken dance.
 The fist.
 No.
 She did the YMC at No.
 That's good.
 I feel like we're going to hear a long time.
 A gesture.
 Did she change the spelling of her name 15 times?
 No.
 She holds the world record for kicking a male character in the balls in a movie.
 Wow.
 With 15.
 Wow.
 Isn't that great?
 That is an incredible fact.
 Do we know who's the kicky?
 It was a different kicky each time.
 Oh.
 Yeah.
 So it's a different movie.
 She was almost like her catchphrase.
 Oh that's her signature move.
 That's great.
 God that'd be terrible when you're sort of going, "Oh that's one exciting move.
 Who's my co-lead?"
 Fuck.
 Okay it is time for fact number three and that is...
 Andy.
 My fact is that half of American men are confident they could safely land a plane if the pilot
 was incapacitated.
 That's reassuring.
 It is isn't it?
 As long as two American men are on your flight, one of them will be fine to do it.
 Brilliant.
 Yeah.
 That's funny.
 This is a survey that you've conducted.
 There are 20,000 adults.
 I think adults all in America, whether they would be quite confident, very confident,
 not confident, not at all confident, or they didn't know whether they would be able to
 land a plane and I think overall it was a third of people who said they could do it
 and 46% of men, 20% of women, so buck up, you know, and also they specified a couple of
 things.
 They specified you get help from air traffic control and things like that.
 So you're not just totally in the cockpit by yourself because obviously that would be
 incredibly terrifying.
 Yeah.
 And young people also more confident than older people, people between 18 and 44, again
 nearly half of them think, yeah, I could do that.
 Yeah.
 Those over 45, less sure of themselves.
 Yeah.
 So let's do a little survey around here.
 Sophie, do you think you could?
 Do I think I could land a plane?
 Land a plane.
 You've got a headset on?
 You've got a headset on.
 You know.
 Okay.
 Yeah, I'm getting into it.
 I've got a headset on.
 I've got my headset on.
 Can't find it's there.
 No.
 Absolutely not.
 They're all dead.
 No.
 In my scenario, they've just been knocked out.
 They've just had some dodgy fish, right?
 Exactly.
 Yeah.
 They're awake.
 They're just a bit, they're feeling a bit queasy.
 So they decided to knock off shit.
 Okay.
 In my one, I look at the pilots and one is Maria, the filmmaker, and the other is the
 Leedsman.
 La France.
 La France.
 Yeah.
 I think I could land a plane.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 That's good to hear.
 Okay.
 Good.
 Good.
 That wasn't a test.
 I think I could, but I would do it extremely reluctantly.
 Yeah.
 That's what the passengers want to hear over the next time, isn't it?
 I don't really want to, but we'll be landing in the next 15 minutes.
 Yeah.
 One way or another.
 That's exciting.
 Okay.
 Andy.
 I think I probably couldn't actually.
 Couldn't.
 Couldn't.
 I mean, I would, I would give it my best shot, but I think that moment where the ground comes
 up really quite fast, where you're landing and you're going very, very far.
 It's going over a hundred miles an hour.
 I think it would be very hard.
 Yeah.
 I'm not saying it would clap for me.
 I'm just saying.
 I think technically I couldn't, but I mentally, I would say yes to trying it because I think
 this is the thing.
 You need someone to keep it to go.
 Someone's got to try and do it.
 And I think if I was put in that position, I would say, okay, yeah, I'll give it a go.
 I'm going to have assistance.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I can't, I don't think I can do it.
 So my wife's a helicopter pilot and I think I've said on here before that she says that
 I'd have about 50, 50 chance of landing a helicopter, having watched her do it.
 So I know what she's doing.
 But having spoken to some commercial pilots, because we talked about this on QI, I don't
 think I will be able to do it.
 It is hard.
 If you're in the, if you're in the situation, we should say, yeah, the most important thing
 to do is find the headset, put it on and find the emergency frequency because they didn't
 monitor that.
 Also, if you're speaking to someone, take your finger off the button when you finish
 speaking.
 Otherwise, no more here.
 They can't get back to you.
 Yeah.
 But that was the funniest thing about this whole, this whole survey is that when they
 talk to pilots about it, I think in your head, you think, yeah, I'll just open the door,
 put on the headset.
 It's all going to be fine.
 They're like, you won't even get past the headset moment in trying to land this plane.
 You won't even get past the door in much, but I mean, they've obviously got very secure
 cockpits.
 When I asked my wife about this, because like I say, she is a pilot that she literally
 said exactly what they say on these things.
 She was like, well, like, will I be able to tell what the headset is?
 That's the first thing she said.
 It's weird because you would think it would just be there.
 Right?
 You know, it's like when you can't find your earphones and you're like, you're busy and
 you're heading out.
 Yeah.
 They actually have tried this as well.
 They've tried this.
 A study New Zealand's University of Waikato asked 780 people if they could land a small
 plane quotes without dying or as well as a pilot could.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And so this is really interesting.
 Some of them got shown a four minute video of pilots landing a plane, right?
 But the video didn't show the pilot's hands.
 So actually it was a useless video in terms of actually learning how to land a plane.
 Totally useless.
 Right?
 But people who had seen the video were more confident in their abilities than people who
 hadn't seen the video.
 It's called a rapid illusion.
 You see someone doing something and you think, yeah, I, yeah, okay, I broadly understand
 how that works.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Actually you don't.
 Here's the other thing.
 This is impenetrable door.
 Well done.
 Stage one done.
 You found the headphones.
 You've somehow worked out the emergency frequency of 121.5.
 Yeah.
 We've worked out to take your finger off the buttons so that you could hear them.
 Surely you're on your home stretch.
 You know, you're coming in, but then they make the point you're talking to an air traffic
 controller.
 He doesn't know how to land a plane.
 They're just telling you that the space is free.
 Yeah.
 Come on down.
 You're fine.
 So there's been cases where in the past people have had to have guidance to be
 landed by an air controller and they've had to go, hang on, let me go find someone who
 knows how to land a plane and have to go and bring them and help them get guided down.
 I really dislike that this is how a plane is, is, is landed.
 Yeah.
 I really would have thought by now it was basically completely automated.
 There was no skill.
 Yeah.
 Well, the thing is they do have auto land.
 So an airplane does have auto land, but you need to program stuff into it.
 So you need to program in how fast you're coming in, what direction you're coming in
 from and you still have to click when you want your flaps to come down, whatever that
 means.
 Yeah.
 And also when you want your landing gear to come down, whatever that, no, I know what
 that means.
 And they need to be done at exact moments and you need to know when that is.
 So even though you have auto land, you still need to do stuff.
 Yeah.
 And it's, and then on top of that, even if you, if you're on a, let's say a Boeing
 big airplane and we need a pilot to land this, you need to know what your plane is.
 It's like going into a different kind of car.
 You can't just like, you can't just.
 I think it's even more complicated than that.
 I think what I mean is I can get into a higher car and I'm fine.
 I don't need to brag.
 Do you go into the higher car and go, do you have a Ford Fiesta cause that's all I can
 drive.
 It's all a qualified.
 Um, no, I guess the point is, is that you need to, with a plane, you, it, you absolutely
 need to know how to land a Boeing plane versus a biplane.
 I think it's never happened with a big commercial passenger plane.
 Yeah.
 I don't think a situation's ever come up because often, I mean, like loads of flights
 have pilots who are flying as passengers that they call them deadhead crew.
 And they just, you know, but it has happened once or twice, uh, in 2009, there was a pilot
 who was flying from Florida to Mississippi and the pilot died and the passenger, Doug
 White was on board with his family, family of four, and he had a private pilot certificate,
 although he wasn't familiar with the plane, but he did manage it because the air traffic
 control people, they found a flight instructor who guided them down in that.
 There you go.
 Had to run off and get a flight instructor.
 Yeah.
 But that was obviously, that was a small plane of, you know,
 Happened last year.
 2022.
 Yeah.
 Um, around Florida, the pilot collapsed or something.
 We don't know exactly what happened.
 There was a guy in there with him, it was a very small plane and he sat there and the
 controls doesn't know what to do, rings traffic control and they say, well, where are you?
 He's like, well, how the fuck should I know?
 Yeah.
 He's like, well, can you see the coast?
 And he's like, yeah, we can see the coast.
 And they said, okay, we'll fly either north or south, just follow the coast.
 Right.
 And then the air traffic controllers could look on their screen and they looked for
 a plane that was following the coast in any direction.
 And they managed to work out, it was them and they managed to get them down.
 You're looking so stressed, Sophie.
 It's really upsetting me.
 Are you an anxious flyer normally before, before we've told you all this stuff?
 No, I thought I could land the plane.
 I've been so confident.
 That's so funny.
 I was in a helicopter with my wife and when you're on the radio, you can hear what everyone
 else is doing and we were just flying along wherever we were going and there was a guy
 who was like, help, help, get me out of here, get me out of here, get me out of here.
 Telling the air traffic control and apparently what happened was the red arrows were flying
 past him.
 He was in a tiny little plane and he's like, there's red arrows on my left.
 There's red arrows on my right.
 What do I do?
 He's leaving the red arrows at that moment.
 Just release the smoke, like the others, just time it right.
 Wave to the king.
 I'm not really sure of plane etiquette generally when I was going to America.
 I didn't realise that you're not allowed to drink the alcohol that you buy duty free
 on the plane.
 Oh, okay, yeah.
 That is odd.
 No, they ask you not to, yeah.
 That is a fact.
 So, yeah, I was like, oh, this is a great hat, I'll buy like a bottle of whiskey.
 So I was sitting on a plane and just pouring like doubles and triples for me and my friend,
 Laurie.
 And the hostess, what passing was like, you're not allowed to do that, you're not allowed
 to drink that on the plane.
 So we both just thought that she'd meant just like bottoms up.
 So we were like, so sorry.
 And I was just like trying to drink that.
 She was like, you can't have that one here.
 So we're trying to get rid of it.
 I had never been kicked off a flight though, but in May 2013, somebody was kicked off a
 flight for doing the most amazing thing, which was singing Whitney Houston song, I Will Always
 Love You, repeatedly.
 Like first edition.
 Okay.
 Well, that's a bit annoying, but you know, find second, third edition is funny.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And then decreasing return.
 Was it stupidly?
 Who did it?
 It was stupidly on a domestic service from Los Angeles to New York and it was diverted.
 So it didn't actually land where it was meant to land.
 It couldn't have been diverted because of this.
 It was diverted to Kansas City so they could remove one of the planes.
 To Houston.
 Imagine that.
 This reminds me of a song.
 They landed it.
 Motown in Detroit.
 Oh my God.
 Oh wow.
 That's amazing.
 But why was the passenger...
 Who was the passenger?
 I assume she was mentally unwell.
 Right.
 I haven't.
 Well, I mean, I assume that she might just have been a legend, but apparently when she
 was...
 It's a fine line.
 When she was let off in handcuffs, she was still singing.
 So.
 Wow.
 Can I tell you one more thing about overconfidence?
 Yeah, yeah.
 Which is what this is about.
 So I just looked up other surveys of what people think they can do.
 Yeah, brilliant.
 Right?
 So there was a survey about what works of art people think they could replicate.
 Oh yeah.
 Brilliant.
 And it went from...
 So Mondrian, is that...
 Yeah, it's just lines.
 It's just lines and blocks of color.
 Mali Avic I could do.
 That black...
 It's just a black square.
 Okay.
 Perfect.
 That's good.
 So one in three Americans think they could replicate Mondrian's composition in red, blue
 and yellow.
 Which is quite...
 Yeah.
 But it's mostly sort of straight lines and blocks of color.
 23% think they could do Van Gogh's self-portrait with a straw hat.
 Which is wonderful.
 Wait a minute.
 If you're doing a Van Gogh self-portrait and you're replicating it, do you draw Van
 Gogh or draw yourself in a straw hat?
 Oh, sorry.
 You draw Van Gogh.
 You're just replicating that work of art.
 Got it.
 You don't have to cut off your own ear.
 It's fine.
 18% thought they could replicate Vermeer's The Milkmaid, which is one of the great works
 by a Dutch master.
 Right.
 So it's really, really beautiful.
 Yeah.
 And get this.
 11% of Americans think they could probably or definitely replicate Michelangelo's David.
 Wow.
 Probably or definitely.
 Probably.
 Yeah.
 Probably.
 I'll say probably.
 I don't want to see Van Gogh.
 Do you have to do it exact or could you do it like...
 I think you need to get it pretty dead on.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 That's amazing.
 Half of British men between 16 and 24 think they could dodge a train.
 Oh, I think I could dodge a train.
 Yeah, but I mean like what qualifies as dodging a train?
 Good point.
 If you're trespassing on the tracks.
 Well, the thing is about trains is they can only go where the tracks are.
 So all you have to do is get off the tracks and you've dodged it.
 Well, you two, Dan and James, are part of the problem, right?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Of young men trespassing on railway tracks.
 I know that is a problem, yeah.
 Thinking you can get off in time.
 And actually it's very confusing when you're on tracks because all the train noise goes
 out to the side.
 Yeah, yeah.
 This is a weird thing.
 It's harder to tell than you think when there's a train coming along.
 So Network Rail, a while ago, asked Rapper Wretch32.
 Oh, we've met him.
 Who we met once?
 Yeah.
 On Sunday branch.
 Yeah.
 It was a classic.
 It was a classic booking pair.
 Yeah.
 I think it's Wretch32.
 Wretch32.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 That was a foul pair.
 Oh, yeah.
 Wretch32.
 I called it Mr.32.
 Yeah.
 It's called Wretch32.
 Wretch32, yeah.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Why is it 3-2 instead of 32?
 Is that after a football score?
 Yeah.
 Because it looks like 32, doesn't it?
 Yeah, but that's just his name.
 I actually don't know why it's 3-2.
 Where's the 1?
 I don't know.
 Where's the 1?
 Where's the 1?
 3-2.
 3-2 is a countdown.
 Wretch32.
 Oh, right.
 Let's see.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 3-2-1.
 Here's a train.
 These are the mysteries, Andy.
 Why is it thick and not thick?
 Why is it weakened and not weakened?
 These are the problems our podcast has.
 What did Wretch32 do?
 They asked him to test what it's like being on the tracks when a train is coming in.
 By putting him in the simulator.
 Yeah.
 And he said, yes, it is actually very quiet and confusing and it's easy to be.
 And he said he had great hearing, but actually it was confusing.
 Yeah.
 What a great team-up of Network Rail and Wretch32.
 That is incredible.
 But they were trying to get to young men, basically.
 You were more likely to be trespassing.
 He knew how to pronounce his name.
 Okay.
 It's time for our next episode.
 Okay.
 It's time for our final fact of the show.
 And that is James.
 Okay.
 My fact this week is that the first person to use the phrase roast beef sandwich in English
 had a surname, which is an anagram of the word steak.
 It's so good.
 It's a classic James fact.
 I don't think anyone has ever come up with this fact before now.
 This is new, right?
 Yeah.
 I can't imagine anyone have the time to do that.
 But also this is you had a different fact, which we said, oh, we're not sure about.
 So you came up with this.
 I love James always does this in desperation as well.
 This was real desperation.
 So my original fact was that John Keats, spoiler alert, the famous most romantic of the romantic
 poets claimed to be able to eat two dozen roast beef sandwiches in a single sitting,
 which he did say in one of his letters, but it's clear when Andy read it and pointed
 it out that actually he was saying metaphorically that he was so hungry, I could eat two dozen
 sandwiches and perhaps he couldn't actually do it.
 And we'd already researched roast beef sandwiches and Keats.
 I needed to find anything else about him.
 And it turns out in the OED that he's the first reference of roast beef sandwich and his name
 is Nanogroma steak and that's where my brain went.
 Because he's not very a steaky kind of poet.
 No.
 That's why he really likes about the original incorrect fact is he was quite Waif-like, wasn't
 he, Keats?
 And he was very sort of, I don't want to say wishy-washy, but you know, Byron would say
 that for sure.
 Yeah.
 But yeah.
 Big boy Byron.
 Big boy Byron.
 What is Burgess?
 Competitive eating champs in North Ireland.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 It's kind of, yeah, Keats is, so Keats, for anyone who's not a fan of Keats, John Keats,
 died aged, what, 25?
 Yeah.
 And died of tuberculosis, consumption, which was a very poetic, seeming disease, you know,
 it was associated with creative types and wrote everything he wrote, obviously, before
 the age of 25.
 Basically, all Keats poems are early Keats because there was no late Keats.
 Yeah.
 And still wrote a lot of really, actually really good stuff.
 I was thinking, I was never a huge fan of Keats when I was studying because I did English,
 but actually I looked back and I thought, yeah, there are some real bangers here.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Actually, it's not early Keats because early Keats, he burnt up, didn't he?
 His earliest poems.
 Wow, some of those.
 Yeah.
 He just, yeah, yeah, he just thought, I don't like these.
 And so he just, he burnt those over fire.
 So actually, we don't have early Keats.
 We've got sort of mid Keats.
 Right.
 Yeah.
 So I was weirdly drawn to Keats' diet as well.
 So I heard that he was voluntarily vegetarian.
 Oh, was he?
 So that's what I had to like sort of cure himself of his love sickness for Fanny.
 Right.
 His big love, but also he got put on a lot of fad diets by his doctor who, shall I say,
 did not have his best address and prescribed him a diet of bread milk and anchovies because
 he thought that his tuberculosis was in his stomach.
 Yeah.
 So it was hard because when you read his writing, he seemed to really love his food.
 And yet he just had to eat all of this really bland stuff.
 It must have, he must have hated it.
 Doctors at the time were just so bad.
 Yeah.
 As in, his doctor misdiagnosed his tuberculosis as, I think, stress.
 Oh, yeah.
 Annoying.
 He said that mental exertion is an application.
 Right.
 So basically, he's a little nerd that thinks too much.
 Yeah.
 And they bled him way too much.
 They took pints of his blood, which is not helpful.
 Is any amount of bleeding good?
 I guess it might have helped some conditions, but I can't think of any which would have been helped.
 But I mean, Lord Byron also was bled hugely.
 As in, they took pints of Byron's blood and they made him very weak and they contributed to his death.
 Yeah.
 But he also, he did, you know, he was a bit fussy about his food.
 There's a story, and this is right at the end of his days.
 So he did die very young at tuberculosis.
 And one of the ways that he tried to cure it was to get out of the UK and go to Rome and sort of try and soak up the sun.
 And so he was staying there with his friend, Joseph Severin.
 And they stayed at this house and there was a landlady there who used to make them food every single day.
 And he hated it.
 Hated this food.
 She used to make them spaghetti.
 And he just absolutely hates it.
 He's in Rome when they were all right.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 And so one day she comes in, hands them the spaghetti.
 He takes the plate, keeps eye contact with her, walks over to the window, opens it up.
 While maintaining the eye contact, just spills the plate out and all its contents onto the ground to make his point.
 Rather than just saying, "Can we get something else?"
 Oh, a child.
 Yeah.
 What a number.
 And actually, lots of the stories about him, they make him a bit more kind of, you know, physical.
 And like, he wasn't such a milk toast after all.
 Oh, he was fighting, didn't he?
 Well, I was saying he trained as a surgeon was the thing I didn't know about him.
 He trained as a doctor.
 Yeah.
 And, you know, he would set broken bones and he was a dresser at Guy's Hospital and he would assist with surgery.
 One of his jobs was to remove amputated limbs from the field of surgery.
 So it's quite a stressful and impressive job to have, you know.
 Yeah, I read one article asking if he might have been a grave robber.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 Because at the time, the surgery practice, they would do it on dead bodies.
 And you were allowed like maybe two dead bodies a year who were like executed criminals or something like that.
 But you needed more.
 And so they had these resurrectionists who would go around getting bodies out of graves and sell them to the surgeons.
 But there was a couple of people called the Burra Gang.
 And the Burra Gang were famous for being body snatchers.
 But apparently around that time that Keats was working there, they decided they would go on strike.
 They wanted more money for their bodies.
 And so they would stop giving the bodies.
 And so the surgeons had to go out themselves and steal bodies from graves.
 And the suggestion might be that maybe Keats, because he was there at the time that this was happening.
 Great suggestion.
 I hope it.
 I mean, I love it.
 Yeah.
 How do you go on strike as a body snatcher as well?
 Where do you stand?
 Do you stand outside the hospital or the graveyard?
 And what do your sides say?
 But there's like one of his famous poems, which is called Isabella.
 It's about a woman who keeps the head of her father, lover, one of the two.
 I think lover.
 Lover in a pot of basil.
 And he explains what it looks like, this, you know, decapitated head.
 And we think because he works as a surgeon, he knew, you know, he knew what dead bodies were like.
 So his poems were real.
 Yeah, he's lived a proper life.
 Oh, here's one thing we don't know about Keats.
 We don't know if he ever rode a bike.
 Oh, okay.
 Because he would have had the chance to.
 Yeah, brilliant.
 This was the, the Velocipede was the very early, it got called the daddy horse as well.
 It's a bike with no pedals, basically.
 So you straddle it.
 You straddle it and you wheel it along the ground with your feet.
 Like a kid's bike.
 Like a very early starter bike for kids, except this was the most fashionable thing.
 Yeah.
 And we know that he wrote to his brother, George, who'd left for America in 1818.
 He wrote to his brother saying the new thing today is a machine called the Velocipede.
 It has a wheel carriage to ride cock horse on, sitting astride and pushing it along with the toes.
 And it's very exciting.
 So we know that he knew what they were, but we don't know if he ever had a go.
 Because he doesn't say on the latter.
 Did he ever use roller skates?
 I don't think he did.
 Oh, because his name is an anagram of skate.
 So it's just.
 Oh, wow.
 See, Sophie, this is what it's like.
 I feel like Keats always seemed like I did study English, but I don't remember having a great love for Keats.
 Just because I think he was a bit more like, a bit like softer and gentler,
 which does tally with Ben Wishall playing him in Bright Star.
 And Ben Wishall said that it was the highlight of his career so far.
 Play police?
 Yeah.
 Really?
 But that was pre Paddington.
 Oh, okay.
 Who was your, who were your literary heroes when you did English?
 Literary heroes.
 I mean, I think what my English degree did sort of kill any enjoyment or passion I had for the subject.
 But out of the Romantics, I liked Blake.
 Yeah.
 I liked how he did all his little etchings as well.
 Yeah.
 Who else did I like?
 Well, you were Byron fan.
 Yeah.
 Because that's a bit, that's a bit of a dividing jets and sharks thing.
 Byron and Keats, you know, Beetle stones.
 Oh, yeah, you can maybe.
 Well, a little bit, a little bit.
 As in Byron is much more fun.
 There are many more jokes in Byron.
 It's just fun.
 But it's also fun.
 But also they had a rivalry during their lifetime.
 Well, Byron was a bit rude about Keats.
 I don't know if Keats was ever rude back about Byron.
 Probably couldn't think of anything.
 But no, he actually, he did run a lot of great stuff, Keats.
 Obviously, he is one of the greats.
 Interestingly, Byron, when he died, so he died out in...
 Greece.
 In Greece, he was in, was it a lake or the ocean?
 Remember, it was the ocean, I think, right?
 He drowned.
 No, Shelly drowned.
 Yeah.
 Byron died of fever.
 Byron, he did swim across the Bosphorus.
 Byron didn't he?
 But he didn't drown.
 I don't think.
 No, he died of a painful fever.
 Sorry, I'm confused.
 When part of identifying who Shelly was when they found him
 was not only his clothes, but he had a book of Keats's poetry
 in his pocket.
 Oh, really?
 Oh, but yeah, Shelly carried a record of Keats.
 Yeah.
 So Percy Shelly was a vegetarian.
 We talked about earlier how Keats ended up having to be a vegetarian.
 But Percy Shelly was a vegetarian because, well,
 it's quite forward-thinking, I guess, at the time.
 So he thought that animals used too much land.
 And around that time, there was kind of a lot of Malthusian,
 kind of the population's going to go through the roof.
 Everyone's going to starve.
 And so he decided to become a vegetarian for that reason.
 But the only thing he would be tempted by was to eat bacon.
 And he just couldn't not eat bacon.
 And there was a guy, a friend of his, called Thomas Jefferson Hogg.
 And Thomas Jefferson Hogg used to just, whenever he saw him,
 he used to just give him bits of bacon and say,
 "Oh, just have a bit of bacon, Shelly."
 That's so funny.
 Because that is a really good reason for being vegetarian.
 But bacon is also the thing that a lot of vegetarians,
 come across as a vegetarian.
 While we're on food, just back to Keats for a second,
 he also loved jam.
 He at least ate it.
 So we don't know if he rode a bicycle, but we do know that he ate jam.
 Because...
 We're piece of it together.
 Because?
 Because he apologized for spilling some jam on a letter that he'd written.
 And so he wrote, and he also invented new words as a result of this,
 or a new word as a result of this.
 So he wrote, after spilling the jam,
 "I have licked it, but it remains very purplu."
 I don't know whether it's say purple or blue.
 So wrote purplu.
 Which may be an excellent name for a colour made up of those two.
 Purplu.
 That's how you get to be one of the guys.
 That's the flavour of early Keats.
 It's purplu period.
 I was going to ask, it was mulberry jam, because in that Keats house in Hampstead,
 where he lived and fell in love with his neighbour,
 there is a mulberry tree, an ancient mulberry tree,
 which they think that people hypothesize he stood under and wrote,
 "O to a nightingale."
 But whether or not it was there when he was there,
 it has been adopted into the Queen,
 basically recipes, had a collection of ancient trees,
 less than 100 ancient trees, and it's form part of the Queen's canopy.
 What a collection just around the country.
 Yeah, of just royal old trees.
 I think that's nice.
 I've got a riddle for you.
 The most famous painting of Keats is of him at Wentworth Place.
 It shows him sitting and coming up with his most famous poem.
 Yeah, I feel like I could knock one of them out.
 Join the queue with a third of American men.
 So he's dead in the painting.
 Oh, what?
 Okay, so...
 What is riddle?
 Riddle me that.
 So someone's painted him, right,
 and when they painted him,
 his body was the thing they were painting.
 So it was painted in 1834.
 He died in 1821.
 Oh, that's quite a long time afterwards.
 Long time. So, yeah.
 So the riddle is, oh, is it something like, is it...
 There isn't a riddle in part.
 Well, none of you has come up with an answer.
 So I feel like it is still a riddle, actually.
 Did he donate his skull to the theatre,
 and so it's his skull that's depicted in the...
 No, nice. Not bad.
 Is he painted as an angel?
 That's another good answer, but no, no, no.
 Seems like no one saw my riddle.
 What's the riddle?
 How? How is he dead in the painting?
 How has he depicted so brilliantly 13 years after he died?
 Oh, he was a twin.
 So they just used the twin to model.
 His mother was the artist.
 That's right. And she said, "I cannot paint this."
 It's my son.
 No. I don't understand.
 He was... Shall I solve the riddle, will you all?
 He's dead in the painting, because Halloween party?
 That's a Halloween party painting.
 Yeah, that's why. And there's a plastic bat in the corner.
 No, no, no. Okay.
 After his death, a death mask was made of him,
 and it was used as the model.
 And after Keats died in Rome, they made a death mask of his face,
 and they also did his hand and his foot.
 And there were only two of these death masks for a long time.
 One of them was kept by Joseph Seven,
 and one was sent to his publisher, which I feel is a weird...
 I feel that as well.
 As in if I died? Yeah.
 And we have two masks, and they can go to any two people.
 Exactly. Yeah.
 I don't want to go to my editor.
 But no, that's what was painted of him 13 years later.
 Yeah, and the frame of this painting, this is quite romantic.
 Capital art has a lock of his hair in the frame of the painting.
 So there's a little bit of Keats in that original picture.
 That's amazing. Good riddle. Thank you.
 Speaking of siblings of Keats,
 his little sister was called Fanny,
 which is the same name as the woman that he was in love with.
 What a creepy little boy.
 No.
 He can't marry someone with the same name as you.
 He can't marry someone with the same name as your sibling.
 He can't get married. He just loved her unrequitedly.
 Unrequitedly, I think.
 They were engaged, but they never married.
 And then he died very young.
 I don't think he could be unrequited if they got engaged.
 That's not unrequited, is it?
 You're absolutely right.
 That's what my now wife said to me.
 She said, "I will say yes, but just so you know, it's not required."
 Well, Fanny never took his ring off.
 So Keats gave her a ring.
 And for the rest of her life, even though she remarried,
 she still wore the ring that Keats gave her.
 I think it's a bit of a kick of the guts to her second husband.
 A bit of a wrap-out.
 I think that's because he's such a romantic...
 No, actually, it's worse that he's one of the great romantic poets.
 By the way, one of the best and most romantic poets ever loved me
 and gave me this ring.
 It's a lot of pressure when you're writing a Valentine's card, isn't it?
 It is.
 Grossly red once a perfume.
 [Laughter]
 Okay, that's it. That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we've said over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland, James.
 @JamesHarkin.
 @AndrewHunterM.
 And Sophie.
 @SophieDukeBox.
 Yeah, or you can go to our group account, which is @NoSuchThing,
 where you can also find us on Instagram now.
 @NoSuchThing is a fish.
 You can also go to our website where you can find
 all of the previous episodes that we've done,
 as well as links to our upcoming live dates.
 And Sophie, anything you want to mention before we go?
 Anything upcoming?
 I have a website because I am a child of modernity,
 and it's www.SophieDukeBox.com.
 All my dates and stuff are on there.
 Yep, all live dates and so on, so do go check that out.
 Otherwise, we're going to be back again next week with another episode.
 See you then. Goodbye.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
