 We run it on QI a few years ago.
 Yeah.
 And which was, there's no such thing as a fish.
 It's kind of a nice, such thing as a fish.
 No, seriously, it's in the Oxford Dictionary of Underwater Life.
 It says it, "Ride that first paragraph, no such thing as a fish."
 Hello, and welcome to another edition of "No Such Thing as a Fish,"
 a weekly podcast coming to you from the QI offices in Colbert Garden.
 My name is Dan Schriver.
 I'm sitting here with the regular 3Ls, James Harkin, Andy Murray, and Anna Chazinski.
 And once again, we've gathered around the microphones with our favorite facts from the week,
 and we're about to go over them in no particular order.
 Here we go.
 Starting with back number one.
 And that is Andy's.
 Yeah.
 My fact this week is that the words "tory" and "prime minister" both started out as being insults.
 Wait, so what was a prime minister called prior to a prime minister?
 Well, a prime minister was originally not called that.
 He was called the First Lord of the Treasury.
 And the term "prime minister" was thought to be an insult,
 because it was as though the First Lord of the Treasury was putting himself above other ministers
 and marking himself out of this in some way better.
 So the one we call the first prime minister, Robert Walpole,
 didn't actually call himself prime minister ever in lifetime.
 And it took a very long time.
 I think it was 1905 before the phrase was actually officially recognised.
 So I really like that a lot.
 Yeah.
 And a "tory" used to be a word for a brigand or an outlaw in Ireland
 who noted for outrageous and savage cruelty.
 Well, that's quite a change of meaning, isn't it?
 Yeah, most of them are not Irish anymore.
 But it was, yeah, "tory" is older than conservative,
 which I always thought was strange, because "tory" sounds like the slang term for the conservative.
 Wick was also an insult, I think, wasn't it?
 What's that?
 Yeah, Wick meant a cattle driver.
 So it seems like all the names that we give to our politicians
 and political parties are actually negative, have negative connotations.
 But this got me onto unparliamentary language.
 Oh, yeah.
 What you can and can't get away with in the House of Commons.
 So M.P. should not call other members liars,
 suggest they have false motives, misrepresent what another person has said,
 use abusive or insulting language, or describe another member as drunk.
 You can't do that.
 But you can't get away with loads of stuff.
 So Tony Banks, Labour MP, said that Margaret Attractor acted
 with the sensitivity of a sex-starved bower constrictor.
 He also described Tory MP Terry Dix as "living proof that a pig's bladder
 on the end of a stick can be elected to parliament."
 LAUGHTER
 Which is pretty rude, not to be called up on it.
 So was the famous one, was it Dennis Skinner said that half of Tory MPs,
 thieves and criminals, and he was told to take it back.
 And he said, "All right, then half of Tory MPs are not thieves and criminals."
 Oh, that's such a good one.
 I don't know when we don't have more fun political.
 I guess we have the Monster Raving Looney party, although I don't know what's happened to that.
 But are the countries have some super fun political parties?
 Like the Polish beer lovers party?
 Oh, yeah.
 Poland actually has some really good parties.
 But yeah, which one three percent of the vote in 1991?
 Could you accuse that party of being drunk?
 In parliament?
 I guess that was the best thing.
 I do like it when, just to take it away from politics for a second,
 of taking a word that was meant as an insult and suddenly it becomes the main thing.
 And famously, that's what happened with Fred Hoyl when he was told about the theory
 about how the universe began from an explosion of a singularity and so on.
 And he coined the term "big bang."
 But he said it in a sort of, "Oh, I guess it was some sort of big bang."
 And he didn't agree with the theory, but everyone went, "Big bang, I'm going to write that down."
 Got down to the press and it not only helped give it a name,
 but it actually popularized it as a theory generally because it was such a lovely term.
 So the newspaper has picked up on it.
 And I've got his obituary up here.
 He died in 2001.
 He's a BBC news.
 This is the opening paragraph.
 The English astronomer who coined the term "big bang" to describe the academic theory.
 So immediately, it's the top line of his life.
 There's one thing that he didn't want anything to do with.
 Do you think our insults have got worse over the century?
 I think when you look back over Shakespearean insults and age-all insults.
 We're less proficient and beautiful.
 Yes, less interesting, less imaginative.
 What's the thick of it?
 I mean, there's always been a market for people who are really good at coming up with insults.
 Actually, that's a good point.
 There's a Dutch insult, I can't pronounce it.
 Volga Shit and Palinville, which translates as a shit-filled eel skin,
 which means a skinny person.
 It's such an elaborate way of calling such a skinny.
 I think we're slightly running low on insults at the moment,
 because we're all becoming quite aware of how actually insulting we are.
 I got loads here.
 All right.
 All right, then.
 Top three insults, you found.
 Oh, blind me.
 All right.
 The Micronesian island of Yapp, and in Yappi's language,
 only about 6,000 people speak it.
 One of the most serious insults you can dish out is saying,
 "You have no foreskin."
 They have very big stones, don't they, in Yapp?
 But do they?
 Yeah, they're famous for, instead of currency,
 they have these massive, massive, round millstones,
 and you can buy a house with them or whatever.
 And they never move, because there's too big and heavy to move,
 but the ownership of the stone just transfers from one person to another.
 Yeah, the cool thing about these stones as well,
 they're absolutely massive.
 We'll put a picture up on the website.
 It's not always the biggest one that is most valuable.
 It's the one which was the most difficult to get.
 So if someone died when they were trying to get this stone,
 no matter how big it was, it would be worth more than a massive one,
 which was easily got--
 Wow.
 Size doesn't matter.
 So, and the second--
 OK, so, yeah, first one, Micronesian island of Yappi,
 you have no foreskin.
 Second one, I do like the Farsi curse,
 which translates as "may a fart be on your beard."
 [LAUGHS]
 So--
 That's great.
 That's brilliant.
 So graphic.
 And last one, OK, they can have a tie for the last one.
 Oh, yes.
 Either the Hungarian insult, La Faz as Segued Bay,
 which translates as "may a horse's penis make its way into your bottom."
 [LAUGHS]
 Or-- and this is one of the very worst insults in Argentinian Spanish,
 which equates to calling someone's mother a prostitute 16 million times over.
 Wow.
 It translates as, "Your mother, who gave birth to you twice,
 was a whore 2,000 times over squared."
 So it's--
 Well, it's a mathematical insult.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 I always think that learning insults in a language
 would be a good way of starting to learn.
 Yes.
 I have this theory of learning languages as in learning the vocabulary,
 which is, first of all, you go for the insults,
 because that's the one that everyone wants to learn.
 As soon as you know what your mother is a whore in a language,
 you want to use it all the time.
 The next one is you learn words that sound slightly rude in English,
 because you're going to remember those all the time.
 And then you go from there.
 And I think that's a really good way of learning vocabulary in languages.
 It's a very good way of learning.
 It's not the most appropriate way of starting a conversation in your stages.
 That's why the guidebook's begin with, like, where is the bag?
 Yes.
 Hello.
 Nice to meet you.
 It's not your mother had sex with 2,000 squared.
 Yeah.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 OK.
 Time for fact number two, Anna.
 My fact this week is that in a 2005 questionnaire about substance abuse,
 almost one in five respondents admitted to taking a drug that doesn't exist.
 That's brilliant.
 Taking drugs will do that to you.
 Yeah.
 So it's this drug called Derbyssel, which is a fake drug.
 It's existed since 1974.
 And it's basically inserted into surveys to test if respondents are lying.
 But it's kind of interesting, because it suggests
 that people who are like students who are responding to questionnaires about how many drugs
 they take, just love to claim that they take all the drugs, constantly taking drugs, even
 fake ones.
 I'm not sure it's they take all of them, because I saw that it said like 5.6% of people in
 one of the surveys I saw took this Derbyssel drug, but only 3.6% used heroin, so it's more popular
 than heroin.
 Yeah.
 Well, I guess that's because heroin is more dangerous.
 Yeah.
 Well, much more dangerous than something that doesn't exist.
 Yeah.
 In fact, Derbyssel is probably one of the safest drugs you can take.
 Anyway, yeah.
 It's been in questionnaires for, like, 40 years, more than 40 years.
 Because people noticed that there were some fairly implausible results coming through and kids
 seem to be taking loads of drugs, and they didn't see the effects of those drugs in school.
 They were working perfectly okay.
 They seem kind of compasementous, but they claim to be taking heroin six times a day.
 So they suspect it's something Dodgy was going on.
 And so they inserted this drug to see if kids were just lying about what they were.
 Yeah.
 That's very, very funny.
 So has anyone actually made the drug, what's it called again?
 Derbyssel.
 Derbyssel into an actual drug now?
 Yeah.
 Because it's obviously quite a nice open market, isn't it?
 They've had free advertising already.
 Yeah.
 In all these surveys.
 Yeah.
 It could be anything, because what's annoying about drugs is that you're only going to get
 like one brand of effects, aren't you?
 It's a stimulant or a hallucinogenic, but this could be all of them, whatever you wanted
 it to be.
 As used by 5.6% of American teenagers.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 There is something that's not to be confused with Derbyssel, which is a wound cleaning spray
 for pigs and sheep that dissolves pus.
 You don't want to get those two mixed up.
 Yeah, but I imagine that would get you really high.
 Yeah.
 At the only other explanation for this drug, I should say, for the people who are ticking
 the Derbyssel box.
 In South Korea, Derbyssel is one of the trade names for a drug which is used to treat eczema
 psoriasis skin diseases.
 So maybe all the people at this school just had some serious skin problems and were Korean,
 but it was in Texas.
 I guess it's hard to do surveys because people just lie all the time, don't they?
 Yeah.
 Self-reporting is a massive problem.
 And especially all kinds of slightly noughtier things like drugs or sex or drinking or whatever
 it is.
 People misreport wildly.
 Yeah.
 I remember reading a survey of how many sexual partners people have had.
 And apparently, the average man has had something like 30 sexual partners and the average
 woman has had only seven, which means either everyone's lying or there's one very promiscuous
 woman.
 Carl Sagan was a pothead.
 What he said he was.
 Julian, his widow who made the latest Cosmos series, is the head of a movement to get it legalized
 in the States.
 Does that mean everything he's told us is just a drug-induced fantasy?
 I'm going to have to scratch some of my QI facts.
 The same sort of thing, Winston Churchill had the image of him always having a tumbler
 of whiskey with him, but I think a lot of people reported that it was very, very watered
 down.
 There was so much ice in it.
 He drank it so slowly that he might as well not have been having whiskey at all, basically.
 That supposedly was the same as Dean Martin.
 His whole stage persona was to be this quite drunk, slightly slurry kind of character, but
 apparently Apple Juice was what he wanted to say.
 Really?
 When we're talking about how it's difficult to do surveys and stuff like that, something
 came into my head.
 I don't even know if it's related, but Andy, do you remember the thing where people had
 to do a survey about how they'd react if they were in terrible danger, and they were on
 an aeroplane and they were told the aeroplane was going to crash.
 Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 I'm sure you researched it, what was that?
 It was to test the response to stress, I think.
 A lot of soldiers were loaded into a plane which climbed to 5,000 feet and then stayed level
 for a few minutes and then just shook the passengers around, lots, and then told everyone
 that they were going to die, that they was injured and failure, and that they had to fill
 out forms for any member of their family to get any benefits after they died.
 And so they did their best, but they then compared the forms to ones that they had filled
 out on the ground when they didn't think they were going to die.
 And we don't really know what they were using this data for.
 Some of them got wise to it and they wrote messages on the Essexness bags saying, "Don't
 be afraid.
 This is an experiment.
 You're not going to die."
 What are the other people on the plane saying?
 I reckon if I got into an easy jet flight and I looked at the sick bag and it said, "Don't
 be afraid.
 This is an experiment.
 You're not going to die."
 I'd probably be more worried than if I hadn't seen that message.
 Okay, so I'm going to move on to fact number three, this is my fact.
 I stole this fact actually from James Harkin who's writing the new QI book I saw it over
 his shoulder.
 Let's see how those have a secret pocket in their armpit which they like to keep their
 favourite stones in.
 It's going to be a secret pocket, because they lack the capacity to tell anyone.
 Yeah, it's not the speed of the arch.
 Yeah, so the stone's thing is really interesting because they use them.
 It's an actual tool to smash stuff open.
 They eat tons of different kinds of foods, but there's some shellfish-y style foods where
 they need to smash it open, which I think isn't that quite rare?
 Yeah, not many animals use tools.
 Let's think who uses tools.
 Oh, Croz and Jack Doz have been tested and they definitely use them.
 Is it a tool to use the ground?
 I don't know, because there's a bird called Alamagaya which lifts up tortoises into the
 air and drops them onto the ground.
 Oh yeah.
 That's a riskless, isn't it?
 Yeah, onto a particular patch of rocky, stony ground.
 So I don't know if that's using tools.
 Yeah, I would say so.
 Arguably.
 You said a name just then.
 That was the philosopher who died.
 So did he genuinely die from a-
 Well, we don't know exactly how he died, but the only evidence that we have is that someone
 wrote that that's how he died.
 Nobody, he did supposedly die that way, didn't he?
 Yeah, yeah.
 Is that the only case in history of that having happened?
 To my knowledge.
 So, yeah.
 There was a different case of an asteroid killing a dog in Egypt in 1912, but that's completely
 different.
 The only link is something falling on someone's face.
 There were always rumors that you could die from effluent flushed out of airplanes.
 That's not true, is it?
 Frozen effluent.
 It's not true.
 No, it can't happen in case anyone was scared.
 Well, what happens is that people who live under flight paths will sometimes find blocks
 of ice, and it's slightly miscolored, and they think it's going to be frozen urine.
 But what it usually is, is the airplanes have been flying very high.
 They get ice on the wings, and then when they come down the ice melts, and it falls.
 Okay.
 Basically, yeah.
 Does mate you wonder if you've got terrible food poisoning on a plane if they have to
 on a long haul flight, if they have to make an emergency landing halfway there to unload?
 Do you see that thing where a hundred children had vomiting and diarrhea, sickness on a flight
 the other day?
 It wasn't a hundred.
 Was it not?
 No.
 I think the choir was 60, but I think a lot of them did go down with it.
 It was all of them.
 They dispatched about four ambulance teams in parallel, but imagine being on that flight.
 I know.
 I'd probably conflate in it with another fact, which is there was a Baltimore food safety
 conference a couple of weeks ago, and a hundred people who went to that got food poisoning.
 Brilliant.
 Wow.
 So let's talk about otters.
 Otters.
 Shall we?
 Hold hands.
 So they know.
 They hold hands, yeah, so they don't float away.
 Well, they sleep.
 Yeah, let's put that up on the website, because everyone loves that video, don't they?
 That's really cute.
 Not so cute is that they peel the skin off poisonous toads in one piece before eating
 the flesh so they don't get poisoned from the skin.
 But that is as a party trick.
 It's like I can peel an orange with one hand.
 Here's a thing.
 If you get an orange and put it in a bowl of water, it'll float.
 If you peel it and put it in a bowl of water, it'll sink.
 Wow.
 What baby otters can't dive?
 They're too buoyant.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 That's a thing that comes with age that they can suddenly dive.
 There's been a bit of anti-otter propaganda on the internet recently.
 I was reading.
 What's that meant?
 There was a magazine article on an online magazine called Vox, and it was entitled The
 Case Against Otters, Necrophiliac serial killing fur monsters of the sea.
 It was written by a guy called Dylan Matthews, and he said that otters are jerks.
 He's missed the chance of calling them rotters.
 They kill baby otters.
 They have attacked people, monkeys, and alligators, and they sometimes copulate with dead otters.
 Attacked alligators?
 How did that go for them?
 That's very cool.
 OK, this is very interesting if he says that, because the ancient Greeks had a theory
 or a belief that otters killed crocodiles by scampering into their mouths and then eating
 all of their entrails and then running out again when the crocodile was dead.
 Isn't that great?
 That's a brilliant idea, but it's definitely not true.
 Yeah.
 I was reading about Wombats, and Wombats have a pouch, so similar to a kangaroo.
 OK.
 But Wombats dig through the ground, and so their pouches are upside down.
 What?
 They don't get any of the stuff into their pouches.
 Will the baby just fall out?
 No, because unlike a kangaroo, they're not vertical.
 Oh, yeah.
 The one Wombat fact I remember is that they have cubic feces.
 They do have cubic feces.
 They also have incredible butts.
 Like their asses are insanely hard.
 No, no, they're very interesting though, they're very interesting because if they're chased
 by a predator, they run into their burrow, their hole, but they purposefully leave their
 butt out, and nothing can penetrate it.
 Yeah, Chris Clement, who's a biologist from Australia, came on the museum of curiosity last
 year, and I'm sure he mentioned this.
 He did.
 This is where I first have it.
 They have a reinforced rump.
 When a predator attacks a Wombat, it runs into its burrow and uses its tough cartilage
 filled bum to block the hole.
 I've also found that apparently the further is very coarse and white, so it would feel
 like bristles to eat, which must be pleasant for a predator.
 So try and buy it.
 Yeah.
 I take it all back.
 Yeah, super butts.
 Yeah.
 Just speaking of butts, I read that turtles breathe through those butts.
 Not all turtles, but a lot.
 Yeah, some of them do.
 Did they urinate through their mouth?
 They do.
 The whole system has gone haywire there.
 Are you sure you just weren't holding the turtle the wrong way around?
 Animals collecting stuff, um, power birds.
 You guys have many with power birds.
 Power birds build these amazing structures, like these homes for their, um, potential mate,
 and then they collect shiny objects or like nice looking objects, and they adorn it,
 and it's amazing.
 So you see them trying to seduce ladies, and they'll bring them like anything they can
 find.
 There's one, I think there's a video of one, keeps bringing this lady like a shiny stone
 or a bit of sandwich or a bit of cloth, and the lady keeps rejecting them.
 And then eventually he brings her a ring, and she goes, "Oh yeah, right, then.
 Go for it.
 Yeah, I'll put that on the website."
 That sounds very familiar.
 Yeah.
 The number of times when I was carting my wife, bringing her a little bit of sandwich.
 Okay, and now it's time for a final fact of the show, and that's your fact, James.
 Yep, my fact is very simple this week.
 Nops have been made illegal in Vancouver.
 Just going for the cheap laugh, and illegal is the slight stretch.
 It's, when you make a new house in Vancouver now, it's illegal to put a dawn up on rather
 than a dawn handle, and that's to make it more accessible.
 Which I think is quite interesting, like, is it going to be the first place, is it going
 to be the rest of the world?
 Are we going to be losing the dawn ups?
 No one will know what a dawn up is in 500 years.
 Yeah.
 So that's weird of how recent dawn ups are, I mean, Victoria and Abraham Lincoln, who
 would not have known what a dawn up was.
 Really?
 Yeah, dawn ups only came in in the late 1800s.
 Oh, the latches weren't there, things like that.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 So if this works in Vancouver, it could be that there was only a 150-year period in the
 whole of history where people had dawn up.
 Yeah, we think we were lucky enough to live in that area.
 And blessed.
 That's your theory about landlines, isn't it, James?
 Yeah.
 The idea of having a telephone in your house was it didn't happen until the mid-20
 century, then hardly anyone had it until the 70s and 80s.
 And then everyone had it for a few decades.
 And now everyone just has mobile phones, no one has landlines.
 And so in 100 years, they'll look back at only a 20-year period where everyone had phone
 lines.
 And it's going to look really weird.
 Yeah.
 And they're still going to ask in 200 years, why are they still putting this on surface?
 Please insert your landline.
 Stop putting that there.
 So that's, I mean, that's a really good point.
 More knobs are effectively going to be a blip.
 It's a bit like, so that legislation reminds me of, it's like Shabbat elevators, isn't it?
 And Israel now, all new builds have to have Shabbat elevators.
 What is one of those?
 Because under Jewish law, you're not allowed to operate electronics on the Sabbath.
 They're lifts that go automatically.
 They also have Shindler's lifts, which they can use as well.
 That's one of the most three biggest lift managers.
 Yeah, really?
 Shindler's lifts.
 Yeah.
 That is, I can't believe I didn't know that.
 That's amazing.
 I read from the ignoble reporters that supposedly lift music, if you have a cold, it's a great cure
 for the common cold.
 Lift music is a scientific report.
 First of all, we don't have any cure for the common cold.
 Second of all, lift music.
 Yeah.
 I'm only reporting science guys, people, people who listened to lift music got better in
 two weeks.
 People who didn't took as long as 14 days, like also recovered.
 On the hand, on the door knobs thing.
 I found a quote from someone who was hostile to the idea, because the reason they did it
 was for the elderly and an aging population.
 A lot of people have arthritis and the sort of the twisting action of turning one of the
 tools.
 Yeah, 67 million adult Americans will have arthritis by 2030, according to one survey.
 Yeah, yeah.
 So that's very interesting.
 And I found someone opposing it saying, "Bairs will be very appreciative of this change,
 as an unlocked lever door is an invitation in the snack time, those round knobs are tricky
 with tools, which kind of compares people who suffer from arthritis to bears."
 I was reading this in the economist and one of the censuses they had was, "The rules have
 provoked grumbling about the nanny state, much of it from dawn of manufacturers."
 I found another guy who was objecting who was the president of the antique dawn knob collectors
 of America.
 Oh, yeah.
 But presumably he should be happy because more of them will be antiques.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Yeah.
 It's an election all the more valuable.
 Yeah.
 Literally everything will be an antique.
 I was looking at weird laws.
 Oh, yeah.
 And it's quite hard to find weird laws that are actually laws rather than internet myths,
 obviously.
 But I do like the fact that in Denmark, it actually is a legal requirement to check under
 your car for sleeping people or for people before you start driving it.
 Really?
 And if you do run somebody over because they were sleeping under your car when you started,
 then you're going to be in trouble for it with insurance.
 Wow.
 I don't know if this is a common habit in Denmark, if people fall asleep on the cars all
 the time.
 That's very interesting.
 But it's a thing.
 And the other thing is that there's actually a legal in Thailand to go out in public without
 worrying underwear.
 That's a thing.
 Wow.
 And I also like places where it's illegal to die, which it isn't in the houses of parliament,
 although a lot of people think that it is.
 It's not illegal to die in the houses of parliament.
 No.
 Wow.
 You are free to go there and do that.
 But it is.
 You know, just if you want to.
 Yeah.
 Is illegal to die in Longyear Bayon, which is in Norway, yeah, it's in Svalbard.
 Yes.
 When you say it's illegal to die there, what are the ramifications for you?
 I think it--
 Once you've done the act.
 I think ramifications for your family.
 Oh, OK.
 So it's a little bit like that aeroplane moment.
 How much do you really care about the family who are going to be punished after your death?
 It's because they found out that bodies don't decompose there.
 Corpus is a preserved by permafrost, which I think James might know more about this
 is just to do with their climate.
 Yes.
 Really, really cold.
 Yeah.
 Because it's about as far off as you can get.
 Right.
 So basically they're like cryogenically frozen, if you will.
 Do you think Mount Everest is our permanent sort of the most likely spot that future civilizations
 will find people of our time?
 Because they're frozen.
 They're fully-- like when they found Mallory, this whole body was there.
 Yeah.
 Well, honestly.
 Yeah.
 The look does as well in a run, I think, maybe it gets so hot that things won't decompose
 there.
 Maybe I might go up.
 That's amazing, though.
 Because you often think, obviously, in cold things won't decompose.
 But of course, like microbes are going to not be able to live at a certain temperature,
 certainly.
 Well, I was reading a guide to what to do after civilization ends yesterday.
 And it recommended plastic bottles to, you know, the phrase sunlight is the best disinfectant
 talking about openness.
 It turns out the sunlight also acts as a disinfectant by killing microbes.
 So if you want to have cleaner drinking water, put it in plastic bottles.
 Let the light shine quite fiercely on it and the light and all the heat.
 I'm not sure.
 We'll kill when it grows.
 Knowledge.
 That's good, eh?
 That is good.
 Why are you doing that?
 We're having a rough day yesterday, Andy.
 I'm just finishing my plans.
 Speaking of survivals, if we don't have Donob's anymore, then there are some things that
 they've been useful for in the past that we won't have anymore.
 So after the tsunami, the famous one in Southeast Asia, there was a guy called Rizal Shah-Putra,
 and he got lost at sea, as many people did.
 But he survived because he ate coconuts which he cracked open with a Donob, which was also
 floating past.
 So that was a really useful Donob.
 That's great.
 Oh, yes.
 If only he had a little pouch in which it's still years or a lot, then he wouldn't know that
 at all.
 Yeah.
 Between 1830 and 1873, over 100 US patents alone were for Donob's.
 Oh.
 The slight improvements on the Donob's, or...
 I guess they would be like the latch, they would be in the toilets when you do just that
 little turnover, little bar goes over, and I guess they count as Donob's, don't they?
 I think a knob has to be knob-shaped.
 Yeah.
 God, then that's going to be an exciting afternoon looking to what those payed into.
 There are still a lot of innovations happening though.
 I think they're working on ones in hospitals which dispense hand sanitizer as you go through.
 Although presumably they wouldn't do that every time you open the door, otherwise you
 just have loads of hand sanitizer on the floor and a lot of people slipping and falling.
 But I think they have developed a way of doing it.
 So you can also give yourself a quick hit of hand sanitizer as you go through from one room
 to another.
 Right.
 It's pretty cool.
 At least when you're falling and bleeding and your wounds are on open, you've got a very
 sanitised surface to London.
 Yeah.
 In the absence of Derbysol.
 Okay, that's it.
 That's all our facts for this week.
 Thanks so much for listening, everyone.
 If you want to get in contact with us to ask us about any of the things we've been discussing
 in this episode, you can reach all of us on Twitter.
 I am on @Streiberland.
 James.
 I am @EggShate.
 Andy.
 I'm @AndruHondaM.
 Anna.
 What's yours?
 I am on @.
 Anna's still not on Twitter, but if you do want to get through to us, she can be got on @quickipedia.
 Outside of that, if you want to find out anything more about the stuff we've been talking
 about, we've got a page that goes up on qi.com/podcast, which includes links, photos, videos,
 any of the stuff that we're talking about that we can find extra additional interesting
 stuff that's going to be up on there.
 So go have a look and check out all the other podcasts as well.
 And we'll be back again next week with more facts.
 See you again next time, goodbye.
 [MUSIC]
