 Hello everyone and welcome to this week's episode of No Such Thing as a Fish.
 Now why am I talking to you before the show starts?
 Well, of course it is because one of us is away this week and it is Dan Schreiber.
 So in his place we have gotten the most Dan Schreiber person we can.
 In fact, the most Dan Schreiber person in the entirety of the world.
 Arguably more Dan Schreiber than Dan Schreiber himself.
 It is the wonderful, incredible, you'll know him from Flight of the Concords, Tumanji,
 our flag means death, of course it is Rhys Darby.
 Now we always love to see Rhys when he's in town and we are so lucky that he is currently
 on tour in the UK and that means that as well as enjoying him on our podcast, you can go
 and see his show.
 So if you are listening to this on the day it goes out, then quick go to the internet
 and get tickets to his show at the Shepherd's Bush Empire in London.
 And if you live in Brighton Sheffield, St Albans Leeds, Swindon, Exeter, Bristol, Newcastle,
 Glasgow, Manchester or Edinburgh, then you are also in luck because he is yet to do your
 cities.
 If you want to get tickets for that, you must go to RhysDarby.com, that's R-H-Y-S-D-A-R-B-Y
 .com, all of the information, all of the tickets are available on there.
 But for now, please enjoy the fabulous Tour de Force, that is Rhys Darby.
 Okay, on with the podcast.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming
 to you from the QI offices in Hoburn.
 My name is Anna Tyshinski and I'm sitting here with Andrew Hunter Murray, James Harkin
 and the inimitable Rhys Darby, who has joined us in place of Dan Shriver today.
 So without further ado, we've gathered around the microphone with our four favorite facts
 from the last seven days in no particular order.
 Here we go.
 Rhys, what's your fact?
 Well, and thank you for having me.
 Hi everyone.
 How are you?
 Good.
 The most highly decorated Soviet Air Unit of World War II didn't take part in the victory
 parade because their planes were too slow.
 Wow.
 Can you tell us more, why would a slow plane be useful in a war anyway?
 Well, funny you should ask.
 Do I now dive into the...
 Dive in.
 [Music]
 Mosquito.
 Yes.
 But what type?
 The plane.
 The plane, the Mosquito.
 No, no, no.
 It was, in fact, a South Pacific Mosquito and that was its last flight before I killed
 it.
 Right, but back to the...
 Cool.
 So basically, this is the story of a unit that was in Russia during World War II, the
 Night Bomber Regiment, entirely made up of females, with ground crew and the air crew,
 and they flew very old biplanes called the Polikropov or the Po-2, very old planes made
 of wood.
 Wow.
 And they were super slow.
 They were slow, I think, because they were old planes.
 They were old crop dusters, weren't they?
 Yes, that's right.
 They were amazingly slow, like top speed 90 miles an hour.
 Yeah.
 That is slow.
 I drove faster than that, and my way's a nursery today.
 Okay.
 It is a 20-mile-an-hour zone.
 Yeah, but the idea was, because they were so old and made of wood, they were really
 quiet, and so they could kind of get under the radar a little bit and do lots of bombing
 raids one after the other.
 And they were known as the witches, right?
 Yes.
 And do we know why they were called witches?
 Night witches.
 They were witches.
 They were witches.
 It was no two ways about it.
 They've got some great pictures here of them.
 Yeah.
 Poetry hearts.
 Yeah.
 They had spells and all sorts of stuff, so it was quite amazing.
 But yeah, but because they turned their engines off from their planes, and they did this so
 that they would come in silently, and so just to give you an impression of that one coming
 in.
 And then they would literally just drop bombs, and I don't know when they started their planes
 up again.
 Like they just passed the bombing zone, you know, and then sort of back they fly.
 So yeah, so just to reiterate, I think the Germans felt that they sounded like witches
 on broomsticks coming in and just, you know, dropping bombs.
 Swishing away.
 And let's not forget Marina Ruskova, Ruskova, the lead person in this group.
 She had to really campaign to get it all happening.
 Obviously, it was mainly men involved in the battles back then.
 And you know, this is when Operation Barbarossa was on.
 So this was the entire German army literally trying to take over Russia.
 A very bold move, as we all know.
 How to play out.
 It didn't quite work, but it did look good at the beginning.
 So there was like over three million German troops.
 They had, I think, three brigades, they had so many armoured divisions.
 And there was really no opposition for a while.
 They really were making a lot of ground.
 And then it was a massive call up for the Russians to defend their land.
 And the women as well were like, well, we want to help, you know, we're strong.
 Let's grab guns.
 Let's go.
 It was the whole family, all family in, you know.
 And then so this particular woman, Marina Roscova, she ended up really sort of...
 She recruited, didn't she?
 She recruited a lot.
 I think over a thousand women and did the training and, you know, sort of formulate.
 But she also persuaded Stalin, and an element that's often smooth though, for I feel, in
 the great stories of how heroic they were, which they were, is the fact that she was
 quite good mates with Stalin, which is how she managed to make happen.
 But it's OK.
 We didn't know a lot of what we knew now.
 It's the foot in the door.
 You've got to get your foot in the door, right?
 She knew Stalin because she was one of the most famous women in Russia.
 Yeah.
 She was an aviatrix, and she and her team had the world record for the longest continuous
 flight.
 And she was like a hero of the whole country.
 And so when she came to say, I want my women to take part in the war, Stalin was not going
 to say no to her because she was so big.
 But did say no to the equipment, like you're not having our planes.
 These modern vehicles are not for you guys, ladies.
 And so this is how it all sort of came together, is that they got the planes that were left
 that no one wanted.
 By planes?
 Yeah.
 It's crazy.
 I didn't think by planes flew in the Second World War.
 I'm certainly not in combat.
 But just can we quickly say about her earlier flight, where she was the navigator for this
 cross Soviet Union journey, right?
 And it was 4,000 miles.
 And as they were getting towards the end, there are two versions of the story.
 One is that the plane was icing up and they threw everything out to try and maintain height.
 And then she decided, it's not going to be enough, I'm going to have to throw myself
 out of the plane.
 Wow.
 And she did.
 That's the final straw.
 There are two pilots in her, the navigator.
 Surely they had clothing first.
 These hippie boots have got to go.
 But I don't think she was naked when she jumped out.
 She wasn't naked because it was so cold, so she wanted a bit of protection.
 But they'd thrown everything else out, like up to and including the compass, I think, as
 then she thought, my navigating job is done, so like we're very nearly there.
 But so that's one version.
 The other story is that they couldn't find the airfield and the navigator's cockpit
 had no protection.
 Either way, she did jump out of the plane shortly before the end and she had no food
 or water for 10 days.
 Eventually a hunter discovered her and that sort of cemented her heroics.
 Can we just go back a little bit to her jumping out of the plane?
 Did she have a parachute?
 Yes, she did.
 Did she?
 She parachuted, yes.
 Because actually the night witches didn't have parachutes, did they?
 No, they didn't.
 Just on this, another thing, sorry, I'm telling you, the oft reported negative spin of the
 night witches, but you don't get very often.
 But you know in that thing where these three women crash landed basically.
 Right.
 So they were all lost.
 She was lost for 10 days, the other two were lost for a couple of days.
 I think she had a bar and a half of chocolate to survive on for 10 days, which I really want
 to know why I'm in the other half.
 Well, if you also, if you've ever had to sell be a chocolate, it is utterly disgusting.
 Wow.
 Maybe it was better in the 1940s.
 I suspect not.
 All I'm saying is you don't scoff it in the first moment, like if it was a Mars bar, you'd
 be like, oh, delicious.
 Yeah.
 No, you wouldn't.
 I see.
 Maybe that's part of the ploy.
 You can survive longer.
 The opposite of savoring it.
 Yeah.
 But there was a rescue mission sent out to save these three women and 16 men died.
 Yeah.
 But there were huge celebrations afterwards because they'd broken this record.
 And I think Stalin thought, you know what, it's going to dampen the vibe if we mention
 the fact that 16 men have been killed.
 Can I just also say it wasn't like one man would go and look for them.
 He would die.
 And then another person would go out.
 They all died in the plane crash.
 Yeah.
 It wasn't like a scream.
 Shall I go and see what he's doing back there?
 Someone's knocking them all off.
 I'm not going to go and have a look.
 You're next.
 Well, yeah.
 And then Raskova, she got the first ever state funeral, I think, in any country in World
 War II.
 Definitely the first one in Moscow.
 There'd been none in Britain, none in Germany, none in America, obviously at that stage.
 Well, yeah, when she died, her ashes were placed in the Kremlin walls and they're still there
 today.
 Wow.
 Cool.
 It's mad thinking about these incredibly old slow planes that were being flown into combat
 because they had to go at night because, not because they were loud, because they were
 slow.
 That's it.
 But the advantage was, I think, if the Luftwaffe were chasing them or trying to shoot them down,
 if the Luftwaffe flew at 90 miles an hour, they would stall.
 Because their planes were too good to catch.
 So in a sense, they had an unfair advantage to the night, which is all I'm saying.
 And they did it at night because that was the time to do the bombing.
 So there was no rest for the Germans because during the night, they would fix their stuff
 and they'd be being bombed so they couldn't.
 So it was relentless.
 Yeah.
 They weren't the only female pilots in the war, though, because I think in Britain there
 was the ATA, the Air Transport Auxiliary, and that was mostly male pilots, but there
 was a sizable chunk of them who were women.
 And their job was to get planes from factories to airfields and things like that.
 Right.
 By flying them.
 By flying them, exactly.
 And it would test them at the same time, I guess.
 Well, they had to know so many different kinds of planes, basically.
 I think these women were amazing.
 So for example, Dolores Mogridge, an incredible name of the kind I think you don't really
 get anymore, she flew 83 different types of plane during the war.
 And she was once the subject of a complaint by a male RAF officer.
 He complained, "It was dreadful weather and I can't believe not only was a woman flying
 me here, but she was reading a book."
 Wow.
 And when he wasn't reading a novel, those are my notes, "I hadn't flown this type
 of plane before."
 And he nearly threw up when he read it.
 Amazing.
 Just lovely.
 The other thing they had to do was, as well as flying planes too, at the airfield from
 which they'd fly into combat, they had to fly the planes back when they were damaged.
 So they'd have an attack plane, no undercarriage, wing missing, and then the men would be like,
 "Fly there, Peck!
 Will you love?"
 Yes.
 It's got no wings.
 You'll be right.
 You'll figure it out.
 That's amazing.
 Yeah, that's so cool.
 The last of them only died in 2022.
 It's crazy.
 I mean, a lot of them lived really long lives.
 Yeah, Stella Edwards, I think, was the last surviving ATA girl, as they got called.
 Well, you know, the night witches are all still alive, even the one who had the state
 funeral.
 Yeah, I think so.
 She was the first to come back to life.
 Do you know the country which has the highest proportion of female pilots?
 Russia.
 No.
 Oh, I'm not talking about the...
 No, sorry.
 These days, commercial pilots.
 I don't think it's very guessable.
 Oh, okay.
 I'm going to have a go.
 Rwanda.
 It's not Rwanda.
 Ireland.
 It's not Ireland.
 That's close, though.
 Oh.
 Northern Ireland.
 No, India.
 Oh.
 Sorry.
 When I say close, I mean close alphabetically.
 That's very close alphabetically, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 That's almost bulls-eye-eye.
 Well done.
 Thank you.
 My bad for not thinking alphabetically, too.
 Silly me.
 I remember when we flew to Australia, and we'd only be going for an hour or so, and
 I said, "Are we close?"
 And you said, "Yeah, we're over Austria."
 We got railier to go.
 India.
 That's amazing.
 13% of pilots are women, isn't it?
 That's interesting.
 Global average is about 5%.
 You know Douglas Bader, Bader?
 Oh, yeah.
 No legs.
 Pilot.
 But dreamy guy.
 Dreamy trying ace.
 Oh, yes.
 He's famous, because he had no legs.
 So there was a guy called Alexi Mariseev, who was a Russian guy, and he was in a crash.
 And like this woman, Raskova, he had to walk around Siberia, living on a handful of ants
 and half a lizard, he said.
 It's still better than this Soviet chocolate bar.
 Yeah, when they found him, he had 10 chocolate bars in his pocket.
 He was desperately hunting for another ant.
 But he had really bad frostbitten legs, and he had to have them chopped off.
 He then went on and carried on fighting in dog fights and became a national hero.
 So Russia had its own Douglas Bader.
 And Germany, Hans Ulrich Rudl, he was a German pilot.
 He was one of the most decorated pilots of the war.
 And he got shot, wounded in one of his legs, had to lose his leg, and then carried on and
 shot down 26 more fights with only one leg.
 So they had one.
 One.
 To be fair, he got one leg, but that would be on the throttle.
 So, you know, he's got the advantage, he was faster to keep away.
 He couldn't slam the brakes on.
 No brakes.
 Did they have to modify the planes or anything?
 Because I think Douglas Bader's plane was somehow rigged up so he could keep flying
 with no legs.
 I think that's true.
 But do you think it's interesting that all three of those countries had their own legless
 feelings?
 That's really interesting.
 That's kind of amazing.
 We can move on.
 Yeah.
 You were in the Kiwi Army, weren't you?
 Yes, that's right.
 You were in the Kiwi Army, weren't you, flying?
 No, that would be the air force.
 Got it.
 Guys, I'm a thicker snake.
 Which one do you fancy today, the boats, to play on the on foot?
 Just get in the garage and have fun, guys.
 OK, it is time for fact number two.
 That is my fact.
 My fact this week is that if you drop a wallet containing cash in Tokyo, you're three times
 more likely to get it back than if you drop it in New York.
 I was furious when I first read about this in a BBC article which reported that 88% of
 phones that were lost deliberately by a researcher during the study in Tokyo were returned, but
 only 6% of those lost in New York were returned.
 Actually, it turned out that wasn't true.
 I looked at the study and 95% were returned in Tokyo, but 88% were returned to the police
 and only 7% were returned to the person whose phone number was on the phone.
 So he deliberately left contact details like, you know, call me if you find my stuff.
 And the Japanese are like, no, I'm not going to ring you.
 Official channels only, right?
 Official channels only.
 Whereas in New York, like 75% or something gave them back, but they just called the person.
 Who writes their phone number on their phone?
 It's quite weird, isn't it?
 I'm thinking about doing that now.
 Yeah.
 It's quite a genius idea.
 I don't know if it is.
 That genius.
 But how would you, when you pick it up, you go, how am I going to call it?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 You can write your best friend's phone number on it, maybe, or your mum's number, your house
 phone.
 But basically Japanese culture is such that they're so set up for lost property.
 Japan is basically a large lost property office masquerading as a country.
 As in, people in Japan are so culturally wired into handing lost things, it's just absolutely
 the rules.
 It's just what you do.
 So last year, people in Japan handed in four and a half billion yen in cash.
 It's still a very cash-based society.
 Yeah, but we don't know whether that was just a lot of 100 yen kind.
 So whether it was just one, it was a huge suitcase.
 Well, they have a thing where you can hand in a coin, and if you had it into the authorities,
 they would then give you that coin back as a gift.
 It's an honor thing.
 So yeah, it's about kind of, rather than the older, if you see a penny, pick it up, and
 all day long, you'll have good luck.
 That classic one.
 They don't have that.
 If they find something, I'm speaking for all Japanese people right now, I have been there,
 and I remember having a conversation with one chap about it, and he said, "Make sure
 you talk about this on a podcast down the line."
 "Oh, I will, I will."
 But anyway, long story short, they give it back to you, and it's a gift, and so therefore
 you have received the coin that you've found as a gift, and then, honorably, you can then
 hold on to it.
 Brilliant.
 That's really cool.
 Worthy extra love.
 I have actually done this in London.
 I found a wallet with some money in it, handed it into the police.
 You did skim a bit off the top, though, didn't you?
 Hey, hey.
 Well, this was the thing about...
 I think it had cash in, and I didn't...
 I think it then got claimed, because I was at the police station every day for the next
 six months.
 Anyone turn up to claim that cash yet?
 But I think in the UK, genuinely, in the UK, if it's been three months or some period
 of time, and the money is not claimed, you can go and, as the finder, claim it.
 I didn't mean to say, "Yeah, did you take the money out?"
 Because in New York, one of the interesting things about, well, yeah, whatever, you would
 say that, wouldn't you?
 It wasn't that one day that you bought a round in when we went to the pub, was it?
 I remember that so clearly that day.
 You were waving a 20-quid note.
 It was 2014, wasn't it?
 Yeah, it was a great day.
 Very proud.
 It wasn't me.
 Just to save it for Randy, he's too proud of himself for handing this in.
 Most people in pretty much any country will hand it in.
 This is the thing that you don't get reported on much.
 Even in New York, 80% of people are handing in wallets, but of the wallets in New York,
 the researcher dropped them with $20 in each, which is the amount you legally have to return
 if you find it in New York.
 And eight of the wallets were returned, but only six still have the money in.
 So I'm counting that in my percentages as...
 How high were the drops, too?
 Were they...
 The skyscrapers.
 Were they?
 Yeah, yeah.
 People died, actually.
 People died.
 Disconcussion.
 The wallet dropped!
 No!
 Returning the wallet is just embedded in the head of someone who was standing under the
 Empire State Building, yeah, yeah.
 That's really interesting.
 Do you think the person who takes the money is in their head, they think, you'd find
 us fee?
 Maybe.
 Maybe.
 Or was it a different person who took the money and then a new person found the empty
 wallet?
 If I was going to take the money, I might just take the money because it's not as identifiable.
 But you don't want to take someone's driving license, that's a huge faff for them, you
 know.
 Yeah.
 So in Tokyo, they have these things called Corbans and they're tiny police stations and
 a city like Tokyo will have dozens of them, but in the countryside, there'll be just one
 or two in each village.
 And the idea is, you hand your stuff in there and it's kept there for about a month and
 that's in case someone sort of retraces their steps and goes back to the area where they
 were, they find the nearest Corban and they say, "It's my 50p there."
 Or whatever.
 So good.
 And then after a certain amount of time, they're given to the big sort of lost and found in
 the middle of Tokyo or wherever.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 Here's the thing that's lost in Japan.
 This is nuts.
 A big chunk of Japan has been lost.
 Okay.
 So in Japan, a big chunk has no easily contactable owner and the property law is crazy there
 as in it's very difficult, like property is distributed among heirs, sometimes if there's
 no will, so it's kind of divvied up equally.
 There was a case where the government, they wanted to build a road, like really big road
 going into/out of Tokyo.
 So important project for them.
 They had to track down 148 heirs of one patch of land.
 They sent 200 letters out, a lot of people had emigrated, some of them had died, like
 just nightmare situation.
 The unowned bit of Japan is bigger than which country, I'd like you all to guess.
 Is it close to Japan?
 No.
 Oh.
 Not alphabetically.
 I'm going to...
 Not Jamaica then.
 Okay.
 I'm going to go with Russia.
 Yeah.
 That's okay.
 20% of Japan, I'm going to say Wales.
 Not far off.
 Belgium.
 Far off.
 Denmark, very close to Belgium.
 Okay.
 The unowned bit of Japan or the bit where they just have no idea who owns it and it's
 a nightmare legally is bigger than Denmark.
 Wow.
 Crazy.
 It's just demographics.
 You don't have to register when you own land.
 It's not compulsory.
 You know this big building in Tokyo where all the lost and found stuff goes?
 The huge lost property office.
 Yeah.
 In 2016, they processed 3.67 billion yen of cash and 74% of it was retrieved.
 But then compared to that, the percentage of umbrellas that were returned was 90 times
 less.
 Yeah.
 This is the thing umbrellas never give them back because you wouldn't, would you?
 You wouldn't go and get claim your umbrella.
 You'd drop it on the tube.
 No.
 Because they're really the sort of a few quid to buy.
 You just buy not one.
 Yeah.
 And they all look the same.
 Apparently they've got like a see-through...
 Oh yeah.
 They have that self...
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And so and really it's an open game for umbrellas.
 So if you lose it, you can...
 And you find one, you don't have to hand that and you're not going to get a special gift
 or anything like that.
 Is that right?
 It's like The Purge, that film.
 Yeah.
 It's very similar to The Purge.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Well, umbrella crime is legal.
 Wow.
 And I don't know if they have the opening up of the umbrella inside being bad luck as
 well.
 I'm not sure where that came from.
 Oh, interesting.
 You guys heard of that one?
 Yeah.
 Yeah, of course.
 Do you know where that came from?
 No.
 So we've been told by the big umbrella shop in London that the reason that it's bad luck
 is it was invented by umbrella salesmen and they didn't want people opening their umbrellas
 inside so that they would get all rotted and horrible and people would have to buy new
 umbrellas.
 Oh.
 That's what we were told.
 That makes total sense.
 When you buy an umbrella from that shop, it's because it's in the centre, it's only about
 a 10 minute walk from here.
 Yeah.
 It's amazing as well.
 Like, they're beautiful.
 It's like the oldest umbrella shop in the world.
 They're so, they're so classy.
 The umbrella's in there.
 I bought one from there once as a real treat to myself.
 It was just after you found that money in the street, wasn't it?
 And I've lost it now and I'm so gutted because it was this beautiful thing, but they give
 you a tutorial on how to open and close it.
 Like, they get special.
 Really?
 It's a bit embarrassing to go through it.
 And does that umbrella shop have lots of little umbrella shops throughout the world?
 I think it's one of a kind.
 Oh, it's not an umbrella organisation.
 Oh gosh.
 Oh gosh.
 What?
 What?
 What?
 You had to wonder where he was going with the questions.
 I just love the way you walk straight into that.
 Well, these guys are being dex as usual, but I'm glad Rhys is interested in umbrella shop
 logistics.
 Guys, if you found a wallet on the street, then would you be more likely to hand it in
 if it had money in?
 If it's got other forms of ID, I hope I would just hand it in anyway.
 Regardless.
 Even if it had a million pounds in it.
 How big is this wallet?
 What is it?
 What is it?
 What denomination and currency are we talking about?
 Is it in crypto?
 What are you talking about?
 No, I think I would hand it in no matter what, actually.
 Yeah.
 I'm sure we're all honest people.
 Rhys, you haven't piped up, but we're just going to assume.
 Well, it depends on your circumstances, isn't it?
 We're all sitting here in a nice building where we've got money, but I think if you
 have anything, I think, you know, got to pick up a door too.
 Very good point.
 You've shamed us all into having a bit of perspective, but the truth is that if you
 drop a wallet with money in it, that's better than dropping one without because you're more
 likely to get it back.
 And this really surprised people. This is a study in 2019 which planted 17,303 wallets
 around the world.
 Wow.
 It's got a big study.
 Did they need to do it?
 Did they need to do the last three?
 No.
 We're doing 17,300.
 I don't think that's a good sample size.
 Maybe there was three researchers.
 They dropped the 17,000 and they realized it accidentally dropped their own wallets as
 well.
 I think that was it.
 You're not going to believe this.
 I lost my own.
 Just grab one from the collection.
 How the hell do they get them?
 Anyway, they dropped them in 355 cities all over the world.
 So this is completely cross-cultural and half of them had no money in them.
 Half of them had $13.45 in them and 40% were returned when they had no cash, but 51% were
 returned when they had cash.
 Wow.
 And they thought this is about weird, isn't it?
 So they did a follow-up study where they put another load with $94 in and the ones
 with $94, 72% were returned compared to only $60 for the $13, because I guess the thinking
 being that someone might really need it.
 It feels a bit more like stealing if you've stole the $90 compared to $13.
 Mo money, mo guilt.
 Exactly.
 Yeah.
 So.
 Can I do one test on you guys?
 Yeah, go on.
 I'm going to give you three words and I want to tell you which two words go together instinctively
 for you.
 This is related to this fact.
 So the three words are train, bus, track.
 Okay.
 Train and track alphabetically.
 Very close together.
 Sorry.
 Well, these were in the game.
 What's the challenge?
 Train, track and bus.
 Yeah.
 Well, trains go on tracks.
 Do we pick?
 Do we pick two words?
 Which two go together for you?
 Train, track, bus?
 Well, I normally track my wife as she travels around on the bus every day, so I'd say bus
 and track.
 There you go.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 I feel like that's something that's seriously either.
 There is.
 Well, like when I joined the Army with the aptitude tests, just a lucky dip for me.
 Train and bus.
 Thank you for no good reason.
 You've given me the answer.
 I wanted.
 Bombs of transport.
 Yeah.
 So this is a difference between Eastern and Western cultures and this is so part of this
 thing about Japanese people handing stuff in, like very different culturally, collective
 cultures dominate the East, individualist cultures dominate the West quite broadly.
 And there are these huge differences.
 And then one of them is that given those three words, most Westerners say train and bus because
 we think of things in categories, but most people from China or Japan or Korea will say
 train and track because everything is relational.
 So for instance, if you ask someone to describe themselves in the West, they'll say, oh, I'm
 a QI researcher.
 Tall and handsome.
 Exactly.
 We also lie a lot in our culture, don't we?
 We do.
 Anna, which culture do people say bus and track in, please?
 I'm here to rule myself out of East and West.
 Have you heard of the Andaman Islands?
 Oh, yeah.
 Oh, come on.
 Uncontacted tribes.
 They're my people.
 This is a slightly different, forget the buses and the tracks.
 If you're Japanese or Chinese, you would more likely say, I'm so-and-so sister, I'm so-and-so
 daughter, I'm employed by so-and-so, I'm the friend of so-and-so that it's all about like
 in relations.
 Anyway, we've thought that this is a difference between spiritual cultures and collectivism
 and things like that.
 And then there was an amazing study done in the border of China and Russia, which looked
 at rice farming versus grain farming, and it's completely split on those grounds.
 And people with these more communal, collective responses to things are rice farmers, whereas
 grain farmers are more individualist.
 And we think now it's just because rice farming involves way more cooperation.
 That's really interesting.
 I read another study which I think is related to this, which is, if you're in Starbucks,
 because I think it was done in Starbucks, and you need to get from one place to another,
 so from your seat to the place where you buy your coffee.
 If there's chairs in the way, Western people will sort of dodge around the chairs and get
 to the place where they're supposed to go, whereas Eastern people will move the chairs
 out of the way and put them where they're supposed to be so that the next person can
 get there as well.
 That's nice.
 Wait, are there people on the chairs?
 No.
 And Andy, of course, turns all the chairs upside down and pours coffee on them.
 What's your Starbucks coffee name?
 Oh, I use my actual name.
 Oh, really?
 Yeah.
 What do you use, Rhys?
 Chris Nibble.
 Do you, actually?
 Mmm.
 But I always say the nibble.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Do you tell them to definitely say the nibble?
 Nice.
 If you say Chris, you don't respond.
 Yeah.
 They need to say Chris Nibble.
 And then one time I got like something that was edible, and I was in the corner and I was
 just having really tiny nibbles on it for about half an hour, and I left most of it behind.
 And I wondered whether they thought, "Oh, yeah, that'll be him."
 Nibble by name.
 Nibble by name.
 They'll be thinking, "That's Rhys Stalpey."
 There's also a test to see whether they know who I am or not, you know?
 And then as I leave, I knew you didn't know who I am, as if I was Chris Nibble, and you
 couldn't keep the rest of this panini.
 Okay, time for fact number three, and that is Andy.
 My fact is that when trains were new in New Zealand, an elderly lady flagged one down
 by standing on the tracks to see if anyone could give her change for a £1 note.
 Oh.
 Wow.
 That's...
 Nice.
 This is a story of something that really happened.
 Wow.
 It's related in a book called Our Iron Roads by F.S. Williams, and I'm doing a little bit
 of prop comedy here because I brought in a copy.
 Oh, look at that.
 It is stunning.
 This was printed in 1883.
 Sorry, you said prop comedy?
 Hmm.
 It's a very bland, hard-backed book.
 It's...
 Wait for the comedy.
 I'm happy that New Zealand is mentioned in one of these old books.
 Yeah, because trains were not very late in New Zealand, not much after the rest of the
 world, but it's quite a hard country to navigate around, isn't it, by train, just because
 there's a lot of valleys and canyons and things.
 Yes.
 Yeah, I imagine.
 But there's this anecdote, it's paid £402 if you're reading along at home.
 The eccentricities of English travellers, however, if dangerous are not so odd as some
 in foreign parts, that's in quotes, it is said, so big tongs there, that not long ago
 an engine driver in New Zealand noticed a lady energetically waving her hand at a siding
 where he was not time to stop.
 On pulling up his train, she was asked if she wished to come on board, also in quotes,
 when she stated that her object in stopping the train was to ascertain whether any passenger
 could give her change for a £1 note.
 There you go.
 Wow.
 So she wanted change.
 She just flagged it down, like presumably there was a coin operator machine that she
 was sending the next day and like...
 Did they give the year there?
 It's no, not long ago, and this was printed in 1883, so...
 Okay.
 Well, I think the first trains were what, in the 1870s, so...
 Oh no, 1830, well, in the UK, 1830s.
 And sorry, in New Zealand.
 How were they?
 Oh, that's quite late.
 I think they were in the late '70s, 1870s.
 That's really late.
 I think so.
 And the first ones were in various different cities, and it was usually to get from the
 ports to the city.
 So in Vicargo, there was loads of swamps.
 You had to get past, so they put a railway line there.
 In Dunedin, you had to go over some difficult land to get there.
 In Christchurch, you had to go over some hills, and so they all put these different railways
 in, but they all used different gauges.
 Oh God.
 And so when they decided to put the whole country together, so the gauge is the width
 of the railway line.
 Right.
 And when they decided to put the whole country together, they were like, OK, this is going
 to be a problem.
 And in the end, they went for this thing, which is three foot six inch gauge, which was kind
 of the smallest.
 That's narrow gauge.
 It's really narrow.
 And the reason was because it was kind of cheaper.
 But apparently...
 Typical Kiwis.
 That's such a false economy.
 Go with the cheap gauge.
 Go with the cheap one!
 But apparently, if you ride on modern railways even, it's like riding the Piccadilly line
 in London, which is very sort of jerky and...
 Rickety.
 Rickety.
 Oh, really?
 Because of that gauge?
 Yeah.
 The gauge system that I've always been entertained by, the most, is the oddest.
 And everyone's got one.
 Oh, God.
 Save it for your spinoff podcast, Anna.
 My favourite gauge, that's a good seed.
 We ask a global megastar what their favourite gauge is.
 This week, Tom Cruise.
 Next week, Chris Dibble.
 Guys, it's going to run and run, I'm telling you.
 You can keep the rest of that panini!
 My favourite gauge is the Australian gauge system, which I'm sure you're very familiar
 with, which is mad.
 So they basically did what New Zealand did, but then they never put their country together
 properly train-wise.
 So it's also a joke involving an Irishman, a Scotsman and an Englishman.
 Perfect.
 Because basically, we're in the 1850s, there was an Irish guy, Francis Shields, who's in
 charge of a rail company in New South Wales.
 He likes a broad gauge, the Irish gauge.
 Then, Scottish James Wallace came along, took over shortly afterwards, converted New South
 Wales and some of South Australia to a standard gauge.
 And then an English bloke came along, rocked up in Western Australia, Tasmania and Queensland,
 and made them all do the cheap, cheap-ass narrow gauge.
 And then some other bloke said, "Let's do a completely different gauge to transport
 sugarcane."
 The four different gauges never fixed.
 Still to this day, if you go on forums about it, the kind of forums that I like to go on
 sometime late at night, there are quite a lot of Australians going, "What's wrong with
 our rail system?"
 Are there bits where everyone has to get off and get on a train with a different gauge?
 Yes.
 You'll have to transport your freight across the country and you'll have to transfer your
 goods to new trains four different times.
 Oh, God!
 It really explains where that saying comes from with New Zealand and Australia, and that's
 the saying, "It's difficult to gauge."
 That's what it is.
 It comes from where I live.
 Isn't that satisfying?
 Now you know that.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Are you auditioning for a part in a children's transport show or something?
 Always.
 Rhys, have you ever been on the New Zealand love trade?
 The love trade?
 Yeah.
 Not since the '80s.
 Okay.
 Well, it's been going, I think, since then.
 This is, have you heard of a town on the South Island called Middlemarch?
 It's small.
 Very vaguely.
 Population 186 is small, right?
 But every two years, the population absolutely blooms for one night, which is when they have
 the Middlemarch Ball and it's a singles ball, because often, you know, if you're on the
 apps and the nearest match is 100 miles away, this is a problem.
 So every two years, they have a night where everyone gets the train down to Middlemarch
 and there is a special love train put on full of, you know, excited young people wanting
 to find love or certainly get off with someone that night, basically.
 And it's really, it sounds lovely, actually.
 And then the day after the ball, there's a shame train to take people home who didn't
 get the train home the night before.
 I want to see this movie.
 Yeah.
 It sounds charming.
 Can I just written The Guardian did a lovely report about it.
 So this is the actual ball itself.
 On the dance floor, heels are cast aside as the heady crowd grind against one another.
 Sliced hot meats and buttered bread are served in the makeshift kitchen and two worn sofas
 placed beside the bain-marie grown under the weight of courting lovers.
 Oh my goodness.
 It's so disgusting as well as being innocent.
 It's really charming, I think.
 It is.
 Although I think we all thought when you said sliced hot meats and buttered bread, that
 was there.
 You've missed us for the men of the world.
 We were thinking of sexual things there, but I thought it was just me.
 How could you know it wasn't?
 That's amazing.
 Please write in to tell us if you've ever met the love of your life or if you've had
 an embarrassing failure to meet the love of your life, buddy yet.
 So the main railway in New Zealand was built thanks to Julius Vogel, who's prime minister.
 Oh, yes.
 I know the bread.
 It's delicious.
 Vogel's bread.
 I've never heard of that.
 Oh my goodness.
 It's the best bread.
 And they don't do it anymore in Waitrose.
 I'll talk after the podcast, but it's going off the market here.
 You can still get it in New Zealand.
 I'm going to move back here too.
 Is it named after this Kiwi Prime Minister?
 Must be.
 One can only assume.
 Well, he also, as well as his bread reputation, he has a reputation as being the first New
 Zealand to write a science fiction novel.
 Hey.
 Yeah, it was called Anno Domini 2000 or Woman's Destiny, and it was published in 1889, and
 it anticipated a utopian world where women held many positions of authority.
 Well, that is New Zealand.
 Yeah, because he also introduced the first women's suffrage bill to the New Zealand
 parliament.
 I was going to say they were the first country in the world, weren't they?
 Now, he introduced a bill, and the bill didn't pass, and then he left parliament, and then
 it passed a few years later.
 So he kind of started the ball roll.
 That is cool.
 And had he written the sci-fi as a means of political change, saying this would be a good
 society to build?
 He introduced the bill in 1887.
 The science fiction novel was published in 1889, and suffrage was granted in 1893.
 So it was all happening around the system.
 So it's like he tried the political method, and if that had failed, so he thought, "Right,
 what other tool do I have?
 Sci-fi."
 Sounds like he introduced the bill as a publicity stunt to sell more books than he knew he was
 going to write.
 It's very clever.
 And that's the story of the first-ever women's suffrage.
 Some bloke trying to flog some books.
 That is really cool.
 The reason trains were needed in New Zealand was transport logs around, and it was mostly
 these cow-ree trees, which are...
 How do you say it?
 Cow-ree?
 Cow-ree.
 Yeah, cow-ree.
 Cow-ree.
 Yeah.
 It's hard to roll my arse, but if you can, you can.
 Yeah.
 I have difficulty with it.
 Well, it was for cow-ree.
 I felt like I was back in people's march for a second.
 All the more!
 Looks like sliced meat.
 Logging industry was huge.
 The cow-ree trees used to cover basically all of New Zealand, now they cover almost none
 because they chop them all down.
 Very sad.
 But they did this amazing thing, their way of transporting them before they got all the
 trains up and running, were these things called cow-ree dams.
 So normally, you dump logs in a river and they could float downstream.
 They can't when they're these tiny little weak streams.
 And so...
 We've got a lot of weak streams in New Zealand.
 It's a shame.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 They would build dams and they'd leave the dams for a year or more, a year, two years,
 and they'd just pile logs up behind the dam.
 And then one day, they'd come back and they could have up to 30,000 logs behind this dam
 and they'd whip up this drawbridge and suddenly 30,000 logs will descend from the mountains
 in this giant waterfall.
 Get out.
 To the beach.
 Isn't that amazing?
 The beaches just transform.
 Suddenly, you've gone for a day out on the beach.
 Oh, my God.
 You're frantically flogging the donkey or riding faster.
 He's very old.
 He goes slowly.
 Look at the ice cream.
 The Punch and Judy man is frantically rolling the canvas tight.
 That is amazing.
 Wow.
 It's really cool.
 That is stunning.
 Yeah.
 Your fact, Andy, was about someone getting changed for a one-pound note.
 Yes.
 And they didn't know where their currency is, the dollar.
 Right.
 Not in those days.
 Well, yes, exactly.
 So it's interesting that they did have the pound.
 Yeah.
 Until the dollar came in relatively recently, I think.
 That was one of the moments, I think, when they were right,
 "Well, we're going to have our own currency."
 We'll still have the Queen on it.
 Which, you know.
 So when they decided to go for the dollar,
 it wasn't obvious that they would call it a New Zealand dollar.
 They could call anything because they're getting their own currency, right?
 They didn't want to be a pound anymore.
 And so they sent it to the public, basically,
 and had a public discussion of what should we call our coin.
 A lot of people thought they'd call it the Kiwi.
 Oh, brilliant.
 The Zeal, as in New Zealand.
 Nice.
 I like the Zeal.
 The NZ, E-M-Z-E-D.
 They almost called it the NZ.
 Oh, I like that as well.
 The Moa, the Zac, the Tui.
 Those were all ideas to call it.
 And then because I think Australia had just gone to the dollar
 relatively recently, they decided, "Oh, yeah, we should probably do the same."
 You could have had the Tui.
 Tui?
 Tui, T-U-I.
 Is that a bird as well?
 It's a bird, yeah.
 Didn't you do this with your flag as well a few years ago?
 You had a flag referendum.
 Yes, we did.
 So we tend to do these things,
 and it costs a lot of money,
 and then everyone goes, "Oh, no, I'll just keep with what we're talking."
 I think that's good.
 I think it's good to experiment sometimes.
 I think we could do with more of that here.
 Although where's New Zealand's something,
 something that's something of a spirit when it's naming stuff by public vote.
 You seem to be lacking that.
 Yeah.
 Let's call something a really stupid name for the hell of it.
 Yeah, I think you're right.
 You actually get a lot of shit, I think, for your Air Force logo as well.
 In fact, to go back to Air Force is...
 Oh, you were in the Air Force, weren't you, Ruth?
 Well, for a little bit.
 Yes.
 Shall I put the different outfit on?
 You know what your Air Force logo is?
 Yes, the Kiwi.
 This is the Kiwi, and everyone finds it very funny.
 It's a flightless bird.
 But they worked hard over that,
 and they actually abandoned...
 It was a fern leaf before that, I think,
 in the '50s and '60s,
 which people then pointed out was just a white fern leaf
 that looks like a white feather,
 which is basically a symbol for surrendering.
 Which is quite a funny idea, with your warplanes.
 We just can't get it right.
 Can I tell you a really quick thing about rail,
 and railways?
 When did the last horse work on British rail?
 Wait, so how did they work?
 They'd just been moving trains from one line to another.
 They're shunting, basically, shunting jobs.
 They were agile, they're cheap, obviously.
 They're good for these small jobs,
 not for massive, great locomotives.
 So they'd walk along the tracks?
 Pretty much, yeah, yeah.
 And there were shunting horses,
 and that's what they were doing.
 OK, I'm going to say there is currently a horse working in,
 and it sort of nibbles the plants at the edge of the track.
 I wish that would be so good.
 No, they're not still in action.
 OK, 1750.
 Thank you.
 1967.
 So Charlie, the last British rail shunting horse,
 could have heard Sergeant Pepper while in work.
 What's a weird connection there,
 is that Ringo Starr, of course,
 is the voice of Thomas the Tank Engine,
 and what's Thomas the Tank Engine's job?
 A shunting engine.
 Thomas put the horses out of business.
 Lovely, that's superb connection.
 There was debate in the early days
 about whether horses or trains would be better.
 Do you remember the Rainhill Trials,
 with this huge competition at Rainhill, where...
 Stevenson's Rocket won.
 Stevenson's Rocket won,
 but there were about five contenders.
 There was Stevenson's Rocket,
 there were a few other actual trains,
 and then there was Cycloped,
 owned by a guy called Thomas Brandrith,
 which was a horse walking on a treadmill
 on top of a train,
 and it was withdrawn.
 The horse got the thing to five miles an hour,
 and then the horse fell through the belt,
 and it just did not, it just didn't work.
 But it could have gone another way.
 Okay, sliced meat.
 Oh, God!
 Okay, it is time for our final fact,
 and that is James.
 Okay, my fact this week is that in 1936,
 a robot in California shot its inventor in the head.
 So what would that have sounded like?
 Oh, no!
 Very good California accent, though.
 That's the robot, that's the robot,
 repenting what it's done.
 So I was looking for something else
 in the newspaper archives,
 and I just saw this as a tiny little article
 in the Buffalo News of the 15th of February, 1936.
 Amazing.
 And I had no idea what it was about,
 but then I've since done some more research,
 and it was something called the Mechanical Man,
 and it was a San Diego fair in 1936,
 which was a big exposition,
 and there was a guy called Henry C. May,
 who was a British inventor,
 and he toured it around America,
 and it was a six-foot giant steel robot
 that could stand up, sit down, smoke cigarettes,
 fire a gun, and answer questions.
 And I'll be honest, I've seen some pictures,
 and I think it was a man in tin foil.
 Really, really?
 Was it really?
 I think, I can't really tell,
 but it looks like a Doctor Who buddy.
 Right, okay.
 But I've seen this in a television show.
 I think it might be Penny Dreadful,
 or one of those type of shows,
 so there was a link to it,
 and yeah, there really was this mechanical man
 made many, many years ago.
 It's incredible.
 But I think there was a lot of cheating, wasn't there?
 Well, maybe they weren't suggesting
 that it was operated properly, robotically,
 but it seemed like a lot of them were people,
 which does suggest it was just a guy
 with a vendetta against the maker inside.
 Apparently, 'cause he could answer questions.
 Someone asked the robot if he loved his wife,
 and he replied, "I have a heart of steel.
 "I don't love nobody, and nobody loves me."
 That's a guy in a suit.
 That's a single guy in a suit.
 When did the Wizard of Oz come out?
 Oh, '30s.
 '39, wasn't it?
 Yeah, okay.
 That's a good point.
 It could be the Tin Man, you know?
 The world's first robot.
 I love nobody, and nobody loves me.
 He's looking for a heart.
 He's looking for a heart.
 Yeah, absolutely.
 It's all coming together.
 It's all coming together.
 It's actually a documentary, it turns out.
 Can I check, James?
 Did the inventor who was shot the head,
 was he all right?
 He was fine, yeah.
 So, there was an article in The New York Times.
 Again, a very small article.
 It said, "The robot showed more aptitude
 "than Henry C. May expected,"
 and he shot him in the head,
 but then it says, "He will recover."
 And then there's no more mention of him
 in any of the newspapers,
 but I assume he must have recovered,
 otherwise it would have been in there.
 They underplayed news in those days, didn't they?
 Yeah, but this was a big exposition
 in San Diego Fair.
 Other things they had there was the Gold Gulch,
 which was like one of the first frontier villages,
 like a fake Wild West village.
 Oh, cool.
 They had the Zorro Garden nudist colony,
 which was basically a load of naked women
 and a few naked men,
 which you could pay 25 cents to look at.
 I thought an exposition was for scientific stuff.
 I thought it was like we've got a new kind of toaster,
 and you're telling me there's just the nudist village,
 which I could pay a quarter and go and look at.
 The nudist one, honestly, the nudist one was really bad
 because basically actual local nudists were really upset.
 They were the ones who were the most upset,
 because they were like, "You've got showgirls in,"
 instead of getting actual nudists in.
 Right, and that would be paid top dollar too.
 And there was complaints to the council
 from the San Diego Council of Catholic Women,
 the Women's Civic Centre,
 and the San Diego Braille Club.
 [laughter]
 I can't find any reason.
 About the nudism.
 Is that because you weren't allowed to touch them,
 and so it's sort of discriminating against blind people?
 I need to know that they're nude.
 I'm coming through now, I'm blind,
 but let me have a feel.
 Oh, that's not a proper nudist.
 And you can keep the rest of this panini.
 [laughter]
 It's not a panini!
 Get your hands off.
 [laughter]
 So anyway, that's the story of the San Diego Fair.
 That was forever in 1936.
 I think there was a sequel to this,
 who became this big celebrity robot,
 because there was a few years later,
 there was the World's Fair in 1939 in New York,
 and the Westinghouse Electric Corporation paraded Electro,
 who again was a talking cigarette smoking robot.
 Cigarette smoking seemed to be the main thing
 people wanted from their robots in those days.
 The back of the day was the main hobby, wasn't it?
 It was, yeah.
 And he again seemed to be operated by people behind a curtain.
 But all robots are.
 Oh, even today.
 Even today, when you think of Musk
 and what he's trying to do and what have you,
 there's always someone hidden behind the curtain
 with a radio control device.
 Is that with every self-driving car?
 Musk has employed a person with a remote control somewhere.
 There's a teenager in the boot.
 [laughter]
 Yeah, you can have a look.
 Now they get paid a lot of money,
 and they've got a t-shirt on,
 and they've got little tiny controls.
 They like being in small dark rooms.
 The celebrity robot, 1939,
 went on to star in a film called Sex Kittens Go to College,
 which I just wondered if any of you guys would see.
 Oh, I love that one.
 Mmm, I thought it might be you.
 Because its career sort of ended after 1939,
 and we did a little bit of a world tour.
 Was there anything going on in 1939
 which might have made it less important
 to see a cigarette smoking robot?
 [laughter]
 I saw the sequel, Sex Kittens Go to the Frontline.
 [laughter]
 Demon sex kittens struggle to adjust to post-war life.
 Very sad, very sad one there.
 [laughter]
 I don't know until you've watched it.
 It sounds really good.
 So this is 1960.
 Suddenly this robot became a celebrity again,
 starred in a film, Sex Kittens Go to College,
 where he advises the college to hire this genius
 as a science professor who turns out to be a stripper.
 And then there's lots of stripping scenes.
 But that's just the great career of the world's
 first ever celebrity robot.
 Rhys, do you ever drive in autonomous cars?
 Have you got an autonomous cab anywhere?
 Things like that.
 I've seen a lot of them.
 I was almost hit by one.
 Really?
 Yeah, I was pulling out of the car park in my car,
 and you know, when you go out,
 you sort of go a little bit too far out into the road,
 and in this oncoming traffic,
 you think, "I better pull back in a bit."
 Well, the oncoming traffic was the Waymo.
 And so I put into reverse and go back a little bit
 because my nose was sticking out.
 And then, just as I did it,
 the Waymo straight past me,
 it didn't alter its path at all.
 And I said, "If it was a human,
 you would have actually altered your path."
 Yeah, you just nod to bear.
 A bit of shove and a bit of give or whatever.
 But this one, as soon as I reversed back,
 and I thought to myself,
 "Well, if I hadn't have pulled my nose in a little bit there,
 would it have hit me?"
 That's weird, because that is like a legit way
 to get out of a junction, isn't it?
 You just edge a little bit,
 and hopefully someone will notice you,
 and they'll stop for you.
 Yeah, they'll slow down.
 You peep and creep.
 Yeah.
 That's what I'm doing on the love train.
 I'm up in the luggage compartment.
 No, but this is...
 Because that's one area where there's loads of progress, isn't there?
 Or certainly people have...
 I mean, I know Elon Musk has been predicting
 full self-driving for like 15 years.
 He said we'll have it next year.
 Yeah, he's raving on about them.
 They are on the way.
 I just mentioned this,
 because Kawasaki at the moment,
 there are lots of...
 Should robots look like humans?
 It's a big debate.
 Is a bipedal humanoid figure
 the most efficient use for a robot?
 No, normally no, obviously.
 But Kawasaki are working on a robo-horse.
 Oh, I've seen this, too.
 It sounds so good.
 It's a motorbike with legs, basically.
 Yes, it's called Corleone.
 Really?
 Which I think is weird,
 because Corleone is the first letter of Corleone,
 which is the family of the godfather,
 which does feature a horse, right?
 Head of one.
 Head of one, yeah.
 But they're developing sensors,
 so hopefully it'll respond to you just like a horse does.
 As in you're moving your body around,
 you know, you're digging in with your heels,
 or you're bouncing up and down,
 or you're literally...
 Or you're squeezing your thighs.
 I don't write horses, but whatever.
 Clearly.
 That would be pretty cool.
 I think a robotic horse would be awesome.
 Yes, and I've seen videos of these.
 There must be a prototype out there,
 and terrain-wise,
 they can do the same things that an animal could.
 Better than wheels,
 and I think that's where we're getting with.
 But do they look like they're walking properly?
 Because we've tried to make humanoid robots
 look like they walk properly, and they still don't.
 They're getting pretty close now.
 I've seen the one that claims to be closest,
 and I still think it looks...
 It now looks like a very elderly, shuffling person.
 I met the first robot that could run by Peter-1.
 You remember that?
 It wasn't programmed to run,
 but it saw you coming, didn't it?
 I stopped offering it at Russian chocolate.
 What was it called?
 It was the Honda one.
 Yeah, he was guest on QI.
 He was guest on QI, and I danced with him.
 I remember.
 And he did look like the most human one there, actually.
 But yeah, then he ran,
 and that was at the time,
 which could only have been 15 years ago,
 12 years ago, that was the biggest thing in robotics,
 but now it's crazy.
 I don't think that has been left behind that much.
 And again, doing basic tasks,
 like Google DeepMind did a big brag last year
 about how it's got a robot to tie a shoelace
 for the first time ever.
 And it's two massive arms,
 incredibly ungainly and incredibly slowly,
 only doing the bow bit.
 Anna, Anna.
 As soon as they can tie our shoelaces together,
 that's where they could take over the world.
 Exactly.
 Then they'll be able to make nooses.
 And do you know what they're going to use those for, Anna?
 Us, right?
 Rhys, do you think we're all doomed?
 Yes.
 When robots are ready to go,
 and this is what my show is actually about.
 I'm touring here in the UK,
 and my show is about the demise of humanity
 because of AI and robotics,
 and how can we stop it?
 And why does AI have to be in the creative world?
 Can we please not have it?
 Because once it takes all of our creative jobs away from us,
 what are we doing?
 And that was written by chatGPT that show, was it?
 No, I've had a couple of goes with chatGPT,
 and we just don't get on.
 Who doesn't like whom, though?
 Oh, I don't think it likes me.
 During my favourite AI, if we can call it AI,
 it was invented by the AI pioneer who sounds awesome,
 Marvin Minsky, and he was around in the 1950s.
 He went to MIT, and actually his boss said when he joined MIT,
 don't work on anything that's going to take less than 30 years.
 We're playing the long game here,
 which is a dreamy thing for a boss to say.
 So he had to have something to entertain him,
 little projects on the side,
 so he invented this thing called the useless machine,
 and it was a robot capable of doing one thing,
 which was that if you turned it on,
 it ejected its hand out and turned itself off again.
 Wow.
 Isn't that so great?
 I love that.
 What happens if it stops working?
 You usually have to turn it off and turn it back on again.
 Just while we're on this fact,
 Robot in California shooting its eventa,
 there's a Wikipedia page of unusual deaths
 in the 20th century, and it's stunning.
 Oh, really?
 It's so good.
 OK, R. Stanton Walker, right?
 Yeah.
 In 1902, he was watching a baseball game with friends,
 and a ball, a foul ball, hit him in the hand.
 Unfortunately, he's halfway through passing his friend a knife,
 a large and sharp one, which then is driven into his chest,
 and he dies within a few minutes.
 I mean, this is final destination, isn't it?
 It is, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 The designer and builder of the first ever offshore lighthouse,
 Henry Wyn Stanley.
 Oh, this is a little longer ago,
 so comedy is more acceptable about it.
 1698, he builds it.
 It's offshore in Devon, right?
 Mm-hmm.
 It's a very wild bit of coast, the Eddystone rocks.
 He says it's going to survive the greatest storm
 that could ever be.
 Five years later, he is inside it for the great storm of 1703.
 He has never found, neither has the lighthouse.
 It just disappears into the sea.
 I know, tragic.
 Do they have Robbie Williams in there?
 Because I'm pretty sure Robbie Williams is the name
 of the first person to be killed by a robot.
 I didn't find him.
 I mean, it's a long old list.
 This is from memory, but I think he was working in a factory
 that had robotics there and something tragic happens.
 Yeah, in the '70s.
 Yeah, it was like something that built cars,
 that kind of thing.
 It was the arm of a machine that whipped him.
 Yeah, yeah.
 But he was called Robbie Williams, so...
 No, he's loving angels instead.
 That is all of our facts for this week.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you want to get in touch with any of us,
 we can be found in various bits of the Internet Universe.
 Andy, where are you?
 I'm on Instagram @andrewhunderem.
 James.
 My Instagram is @noseshingsjamesharkin.
 Rhys, do you have any kind of presence?
 Yes, Rhys Darby, present.
 And I'm also in your theatres for the next few weeks.
 So please, if you're listening in the UK,
 come and see my show.
 It's Rhys Darby, The Legend Returns.
 And where do you get tickets?
 Online, Rhysdarby.com.
 It's all listed there.
 There you go. Do it.
 So there you go.
 If you want to get in touch with Rhys,
 apparently you just have to go to one of his shows
 and shout whatever questions you've got.
 From the audience.
 Hi, Chris Nibble.
 I've got a coffee for you.
 Audience full of Starbucks employees.
 Oh, my God.
 And if you want to get in touch with us as a group,
 you can email podcast@qi.com
 or go to @nosesuchthing on Twitter
 or @nosesuchthingasafish on Instagram.
 Or if you go to nosesuchthingasafish.com,
 you can get all of our old episodes.
 You can go to the live bit,
 which gives you links to various live shows we've got coming up.
 We're very excited.
 We're going to be playing at the Crossed Wires Festival
 in a month.
 Go there to get your tickets now.
 And if you want to join our super secret exclusive club
 that we publicize all the time and isn't a secret at all,
 then please join up to Club Fish,
 where we post loads of nice bonus content,
 ad-free episodes,
 ask just jollying around.
 We read out emails from listeners,
 which are better than anything we've got to say.
 So get there. That's Club Fish.
 And if you don't want to do any of that rubbish,
 then just come back again next week,
 and we'll be back again with another four facts.
 We'll see you then. Goodbye.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
