 (playing the piano)
 (playing the piano)
 (playing the piano)
 (cheering and applause)
 Hello and welcome to another episode of "Those Such Things As A Fish"
 a weekly podcast this week coming to you
 from the Up the Creek Comedy Club in Grennitch.
 My name is Dan Triber.
 I'm joined as ever by Annachosinski,
 James Harkin and Andy Murray.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones,
 but this time with your favorite facts from the last seven days
 and in no particular order, here we go.
 Okay.
 I have a fact about the silver age of comics.
 Who's that from?
 Hey, hello.
 Should we do a Twitter fact while we're waiting
 for the microphones to get over?
 So this was sent in to us by John Winterholt.
 There is a chemical called our soul.
 (laughter)
 Nobody knows what it smells like yet.
 (laughter)
 I tweeted him back to say, "Is that true?"
 And he said, "Yeah, I study our soul for a living."
 (laughter)
 Apparently true.
 He also told me that there's another one called ourspane,
 which is true as well.
 And he said, interestingly, there's a mineral found
 near the town of Cummington, Massachusetts,
 and that's been called "Coming Tonight."
 (laughter)
 There's one called "Wellshite."
 It was "Wellshite,"
 but it's named after a guy called somebody "Wellsh."
 Nobody "Wellsh" or something.
 It's "Wellsh."
 There's a molecule called, I think it's nitrogen triiodide.
 It's one of the most crazy molecules you can get.
 For a molecule, it's pretty crazy.
 But apparently it will blow up if a mosquito lands on it.
 Really?
 Yeah, it's the energy of a mosquito landing on it
 will make it explode.
 Is the mosquito alright?
 It's just a molecule, isn't it? It's probably fine.
 Yeah.
 Shall we go to the front?
 What's your name?
 Charlie.
 What's your fact, Charlie?
 This is my major comics.
 In the late 50s, last 60s, comics with gorillas on the front,
 so consider to be more than comics without.
 DC Comics, but gorillas on every single copy,
 even if there's no gorillas inside.
 (laughter)
 That's so good.
 Amazing.
 Pretty good.
 Wow.
 (applause)
 So Superman would just be tackling a gorilla on the front
 and then it had no relevance to the story.
 A comic we've seen from Man and a gorilla would sign him a ticket or like a zoo ticket, I think.
 Why would a gorilla be selling a zoo ticket?
 (laughter)
 That's them colluding in their own imprisonment.
 (laughter)
 Do you know what gorillas favorite films are?
 No.
 No.
 This sounds like a stat of a joke.
 (laughter)
 Now, this was, I read this, this weekend,
 in the Sunday Times somewhere, and it's by a musician who's really famous
 but I can't remember who it is 'cause I don't know anything about music.
 But he hung out with people who've studied gorillas and they gave him a bunch of films
 and they worked out which ones the gorillas asked with their hands to watch the most frequently.
 And what do you reckon the gorillas favorite film is?
 Planet of the Apes.
 Very good.
 No.
 Planet of the Apes, yeah.
 Really.
 And then the second favorite was a film about a Sasquatch, a Yessie.
 So obviously they feel very close to Yessies.
 Maybe they are genetically somehow related, I think, they think.
 The first favorite was just done stand-up.
 (laughter)
 They didn't subject them to that James.
 (laughter)
 The RSPCA we're getting for.
 (laughter)
 I watched the Mummy 3 on the weekend.
 That did too.
 There's a Mummy 3.
 There's a scene in it where there's just so much chaos going on.
 The terracotta warriors have become alive.
 There's this old Chinese group of skeletons that have come back up.
 It's Jason and the Argonaut style.
 And then suddenly these two giant Yetties come in.
 And the good guys go, oh, oh, Yetties.
 And the Yetties are like, we're good guys.
 And they go, great.
 And then everyone just accepts it.
 (laughter)
 It's just fine.
 We've got Yettie Allies now who are helping us.
 Do Yetties in the myths about Yetties?
 Do they attack people?
 Yeah, yeah.
 Okay.
 They can be kind as well.
 There's a...
 (laughter)
 I regret asking my original question.
 There's a lady in Bhutan who claims that she lived and had children with Yettie.
 And the Yettie, they had about six children.
 And then she said that she was going back to society.
 She wanted to bring the children with them.
 But the Yetties said that's not going to happen.
 So they went to Yettie Court and the Yettie won custody of the children.
 And that's why she doesn't have them.
 In Bhutan, this is a stretch of a link.
 But every government policy has to justify itself according to its world happiness index rating.
 Doesn't it?
 Doesn't that mean that we don't have gross national happiness?
 Yeah.
 So every time you make a policy, you have to say how it's going to affect the gross national happiness.
 It's the only country where it's like made that and put that into policy.
 I've been to Bhutan.
 I've been to Bhutan.
 Yeah, I have been to Bhutan.
 I remember I went to the National Museum because I wanted to see the world's biggest book.
 They claim to have the world's biggest book.
 And it's a book about Bhutan.
 How convenient.
 And I was in the museum and there was that they had a rat problem.
 Someone had seen a rat.
 But because it was run by monks, because it's quite a, you know, a Buddhist country,
 they weren't allowed to hurt the rat in any way.
 So they weren't allowed to put poison down or they weren't allowed to put traps down or anything like that.
 So all the monks were just chasing this rat.
 Wow.
 What's the name of the very famous gorilla who's in, we talked about it on the cocoa.
 Coco.
 Do you know what cocoa's favourite movie is?
 I read this on the weekend, bizarrely.
 Okay, so let's just say who cocoa is.
 Yes.
 So cocoa is a gorilla who learns sign language, I think, right?
 Yeah.
 And learn more words in sign language than anyone else.
 300 people just pick me up about today.
 Yeah.
 And it's often held up as a fact that animals might be able to learn language.
 Yeah.
 So favourite movie, Pretty Woman.
 Really?
 Oh, no.
 So aspirational.
 Yeah.
 Well done, huh?
 By the way, Pretty Woman, the movie, they did a thing where they, the hotel that it was filmed in,
 now offers a Pretty Woman package so you can go.
 Which is the worst message.
 Oh.
 I don't think they plot that footage properly.
 Who's it for?
 It's for couples, yeah.
 It's for couples.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 I've got a fact about movies.
 This is a fact about the movie Leon.
 Who's fact is about Leon.
 Who's fact is about the film Leon?
 Oh, so over there.
 Oh, hey, over there.
 If you put your hand up, Alex will come and find you.
 Cool.
 In the meantime, I've got a fact that came from Twitter.
 And this is from someone called @riptor.
 And the fact was that the 25th amendment allows vice presidents to take over as president
 when the president incapacitated.
 It's happened three times and each time the president was having a colonoscopy.
 Those are the only three times presidents have been incapacitated.
 Since the amendment has been shot and killed.
 I keep going.
 No, since the amendment was made.
 There's a thing about colonoscopies that you can explode during a colonoscopy.
 Do you know that?
 What?
 Yeah, because you have a lot of gas build up in your lower intestines.
 And sometimes they'll use like a cotorizing heat thing.
 If you've got a cot, they try and kind of burn it.
 And so that heat and the gases can cause people to actually explode.
 Right.
 You would have thought, are they putting some kind of safeguards in place to stop this happening?
 Or is it just, you know, 50/50, you'll either explode or...
 That's kind of like what happens to trees, right?
 When they get colonoscopies.
 What do you mean?
 Similar kind of, you know when trees are on fire, then sometimes it gets so hot
 and there's a build up of gas inside them and they explode.
 There's really good videos of trees exploding.
 Well, lightning hits a tree that can explode because all the water turns immediately to water vapor
 and lots of it is near at the middle side.
 It just goes out.
 It's cool.
 Not for the tree. It's about for the tree.
 But we have Leon fact, yeah.
 Okay.
 So there's a scene in the movie, Leon.
 Where there are loads of police cars parked outside a building.
 And while they were filming that scene, a man who had just run a shop, ran onto the movie set,
 thought it was the real police and handed himself in.
 It's such amazing.
 So, what's your name?
 Suzy.
 Suzy. That's an amazing guy.
 I mean, how long did they let the Gerard continue?
 They were method actors. They probably would have.
 Take them to the station, then they would have got in trouble themselves.
 Gary Oldman is going to be arresting you today. Very exciting.
 Someone actually tweeted in.
 This is from Twitter earlier that Gary Newman is actually three weeks younger than Gary Oldman.
 Unfortunately.
 Didn't think that thought about police.
 In ancient Egypt, the head of the police was called the chief of the hitters.
 That's why we've talked on the podcast about the world's oldest parking fine issued by traffic wardens.
 Which was to be decapitated, I believe.
 Oh, no, no.
 It was to be impaled, wasn't it?
 Yeah. On a spike for crossing on the King's land.
 That was when, yeah, the King owned all of the roads.
 So I think it was quite hard to get around.
 The first, the first ever British parking ticket that was given was accidentally given to a doctor who was making an emergency call to a house.
 And so they had to override the parking ticket.
 So the first parking ticket was a cock up and they had to undo it.
 And I think the first American one was overwritten as well.
 The first American one was a guy who said I literally just went into the shop for five minutes and I've come back and my tickets here.
 And he, you know, appealed and got it overwritten.
 Has any parking ticket ever been successful?
 No.
 All the ones that I've ever got have been.
 I've never told you about the guy in London in that I think it was the 60s or might be in early 70s who electrocuted his car.
 So that when traffic wardens tried to put a ticket on them, they got electrocuted.
 Wow.
 He was in like the newspapers and stuff. He became really famous.
 Yeah, when he was arrested, right?
 Yeah, well, he was arrested, but they let him off in the end because he'd become such a kind of cause celebra.
 Surely electrocuting a policeman is a bigger crime than parking on a double yellow line.
 Sorry, like not electrocuted because the word electrocuting means killing by electricity.
 He electrified them, let's say, with like a little bit of a shot.
 They should have charged him.
 Yes.
 That's, he's like an angle grinder man in Kent.
 He was that superhero. He called himself the real life superhero and he went around with his angle grinder removing clamps from a car that had been clamped.
 No one knew who he was for a long time until he did an interview with a newspaper and people did.
 Yeah.
 You know at the end of Iron Man when he says, "I'm Iron Man."
 It's like, "Whaah, was he like I'm Iron, Iron, Iron, Iron Man?"
 And they went, "Mmm, I mean he could pronounce it, so that helped."
 But I escaped that.
 Okay, genuinely as well. Just ran with it and went, "I'm just going to mush it up so hard."
 I was like, "I'm a work ironman."
 And then, "Oh, shall we move on to another fact?"
 Yeah, yeah, let's move on to our next fact.
 Okay, so this is about a ghost army in World War II.
 Alright, so while we're waiting for the mics to get over, here's another Twitter one.
 This is from Matthew Oglesby.
 The new organist of Leeds Cathedral is David Pipe.
 That's quite nice.
 There he is.
 I'm a massive fan of nominative determinism.
 Did you meet the guy who coined the term?
 Yeah, we met him very many times.
 Yeah, we met him very many times.
 Yeah, nominative determinism.
 What was the...
 Remember you found the ultimate one, which was to do with...
 Oh, Henry Head.
 Yeah, that was it.
 Yeah, so there was a neuroscientist called Henry Head.
 And he discovered this thing called head zones.
 You don't have one in your head, but you do have one in the head of your genitals if you're a man.
 But he was the head of a journal called Brain.
 And when he left this head of the journal Brain, he was taken over by a guy called Brain.
 So head was the head of Brain until he wasn't the head of Brain anymore.
 And he was taken over as the head of Brain by Brain, who became the head of Brain.
 So good.
 Yeah, absolutely.
 I mean, no one knew what was going on in that organisation.
 I saw one the other day, actually.
 I tweeted about it.
 Let me think.
 It was a guy who'd written a book about swearing.
 And he was called Sega Dam.
 That's good.
 That's good.
 S-A-I, his first name, Sega Dam.
 That's nice.
 Someone sent me one on Twitter the other day, which was a herdler whose surname is Stumble over.
 Oh, he's so good.
 I think he actually famously fell over a hurdle.
 It was a sheet.
 A sheet.
 Yeah, potato potato.
 I think, didn't she stumble over a hurdle in quite an important moment?
 Yeah, maybe really six, yeah.
 Yeah.
 Okay, shall we go on to the facts?
 Yes, so your name and your fact, please.
 All right.
 I'm Nora.
 So my fact was that there was a ghost army in the Second World War, where the Allies used rubber, inflatable tanks and recorded troop sounds to trick the German army into thinking the enemy was there.
 But there's a ghost army.
 They call it a mass army because they didn't actually exist.
 No, no, no, no, no.
 No, no, no, no.
 No, no, no.
 No, no, no.
 No, no, no.
 No, no, no.
 No, no, no.
 No, no, no.
 No, no, no.
 No, no, no.
 No, no, no.
 No, no, no.
 No, no, no.
 No, no, no.
 No, no, no.
 No, no, no.
 No, no, no.
 No, no, no.
 No, no, no.
 No, no, no.
 No, no, no.
 No, no, no.
 No, no, no.
 No, no, no.
 No, no.
 No, no, no.
 No, no.
 It was, I think Churchill was at the head of the organization which was, you know, pioneering
 tank making and they were called something like land ships. It was called like the land
 ships organization or something like that in the First World War when they were developing
 them. And they just decided to call them tanks as a code word because they were going to send
 them into Russia disguised as water tanks. And first of all, they wanted to call them, they
 called them W's, they called them water compartments at first but because war obviously tended to abbreviate
 things. People kept mixing them up. People kept going and urinating on the military vehicles.
 So they said we can't call them W's, but they called them tanks because they wanted the Russians
 to think they were tanks of water. But yeah, the Russians were on our side in the First World War.
 I know, I said Russians and I hoped again, like down that no one came up with it.
 You're just a little thing like website we were fighting. People made these mistakes all the time.
 Okay, I think we're going to have to keep moving on because we're shot of time aren't we?
 Okay, who is Jennifer Matthews? Jennifer Matthews is over here. So, um, Parrotfish, where pajamas,
 protective pajamas at night time, and then they eat them in the morning. Wow, does anything
 special about that? No, that's it. We said interesting facts. No, that's amazing. So they
 agreed a mucous that has a hole in the front and the hole in the back so that water can flow through.
 And the mucous is apparently meant to stop predators from spelling them. And it means that
 they're protected overnight while they sleep, but it's a vital source of protein so they eat
 it in the morning. Oh my god, no, it's amazing. Yeah. It's not the sexiest pajamas of the world,
 is it? When you say, I'm just going to go slip into something, I'll just get a little
 slip into something more you can see. How do you like your breakfast?
 And Parrotfish, they're the guys who they, um, they make sand as well, do they? Yeah, they poop
 islands. Yeah. Yeah. Bit by bit. Well, for an average Parrotfish, they poop 275 grams per day,
 but the biggest Parrotfish can make 90 kilograms. In 90 kilograms a day? I don't actually
 know of it today. It might be for you, but the biggest Parrotfish. That's quite a different,
 when you go to your doctor, how much are you pooing? It's either twice a day or twice a year. How big an
 island have you produced? But yeah, that's the, it's this white kind of, white sand that they get
 in the Caribbean and stuff, don't they? Yeah, so they eat coral, and when they eat coral, they eat
 the tissue of the coral, and then they digest the calcium carbonate skeleton and poop the sand,
 and then the entire island in the Caribbean have been made up by the sand. Wow. So you could basically lie
 in a pile of sand. I do that anyway. How do you know so much about Parrotfish? I'm a marine
 biologist. Are you? You're going to walk whistle for that in the evening. Should we move on to
 that? Yeah, let's keep going. Okay. So this is about the new tallest building in London.
 Who's that? Ah, I'm not. Any Twitter one? Actually, this is really similar to the thing we just had,
 the fringe limb tree frog, fringe limb tree frog parents grow extra layers of skin to feed their tadpoles.
 And this is, I like this so much because it's reminded me of my favourite fact at the moment,
 which is that breast milk. Mother's breast milk is made from arses. When you have a baby and you
 start producing breast milk, it's got fat cells in it, and the fat cells that are taken literally from
 the mother's bottom first is where they go from. Wow. Yeah. There's a lot of spiders who will
 eat their mother aren't there? There's at least a few of them. Really? So they'll give birth to the
 live spiders inside them and they'll eat their way out. Spiders. Okay, what's your name and what is
 your facts, please? So my name is Bapinda, and my fact is that the new tallest building in London
 is going to be called undershaft. Amazing. It's really in the jersehs back. It's unbelievable.
 Why is it so why is it being called that? I don't know. I just read it on the Guardian and laughed a lot.
 That's literally the extent that I do my research. Actually, I was reading the other day. It's a
 building we've mentioned on the podcast before, but a building in London got voted the ugliest
 or the most horrible building around, and it's the walkie talkie, and it was cited for being so bad
 because it keeps blowing people over and melting cars is the angle of the building has this magnifying
 on it that it's just melting cars, and the wind that is trapping, it's literally blowing people
 onto the street, and people are furious. The architect who made it has designed another building in
 America, which also has melted cars, and he's not learning his mistakes. He actually puts that on his
 CV now. You've got a car, you need melted. This can be designed a multi-billion dollar building for you.
 Alex was actually just telling me earlier that the shard in London goes down as deeper than Nelson's
 column. I thought you were going to say it goes down deeper than it goes up. I thought he was going to
 say that, but I was quite disappointed. Something that does do that is the angel of and off. That goes
 really. It's pretty much exact. It goes down deeper than the shard. And the underside is devilshaped,
 isn't it? Yeah. That's tough. I'll wait, can I just say because I find this really interesting,
 and I think I've never been allowed to say it on the podcast before, but we only recently discovered
 how tall Nelson's column was. So it's been up since Nelson, so 200 years, and they just measured it
 a couple of years ago, and they realised I think it's four metres higher than we thought, or it's
 maybe it's four feet. Isn't that weird? We've never measured Nelson's column. Yeah, that's pretty
 cool. You know, there are loads of Nelson's columns all over the place. I mean, not like millions.
 There I think a good dozen of them all over the UK, and there's one in Norfolk, which is where he
 was from, I think, and it's just got an earn at the top of it, not Nelson. So there you go. But it
 isn't Nelson's column. Nelson used to, I don't know if we ever put, I tried to get this on the podcast,
 I don't know if it ever made on, but Nelson used to have a little hat for his eye. He just had a tiny
 hat for his eye, and no one talks about it, and they shut. Because he naturally tried to get that
 on every single week for a lot of time. Because it was like, you know, when you see American movies
 where they're like doing accounts, and they had that sort of tennis hat that had the green
 that you could see through, Nelson had that on his eye, this little green thing, so that he could,
 because his eye got too much sun, and he was like, I want to get less sun, so they created
 a little hat. I have a fact about Nelson. Okay, go on. Do you have it? It's from Brian. Brian,
 by the way. You there? Hey, we'll go for a Twitter fact first. Okay, we'll go for a Twitter fact.
 And so this was sent to me by someone called Tim Worth 89, and he said that in 1774, one newspaper
 estimated that out of the 872,564 married couples in England, only nine were entirely happy.
 You could read that as a whole nine. He was totally happy. He sent me a clipping,
 an image of the clipping as well. It's so good. They had a breakdown of the whole 872,000,
 and it's like 1300. The wives had he loapt, 2300. The husband had run away. There's about 19,000
 that were in a state of open war. 16,000 had a lot of inward hatred about each other. Not
 inward, if they're telling me into it. And 51 couples were living in a state of indifferent hate.
 Indifferent hate. Yeah, that doesn't make any sense at all. What period was this? This was in 1774.
 You know, between, it's for about 200 years, but between about 1675 and 1850, only about 370
 couples in England got divorced. And everyone needed an act of parliament?
 Exactly. How exciting is that? It's almost worth getting divorced. Every time you got divorced,
 they had to debate it in parliament. I think they look good together.
 That was hardly a Hillary bed. Shall we move on to that?
 Yeah, sorry. In the Aberlton office in Nelson used to go for reports and stuff. And he had a small
 mahogany box to stand on, because firstly he was quite short. And secondly, the Aberl sat on a
 raised platform to make them higher than everybody that would come before them to speak,
 so they maintained their authority. And yeah, he was the only person that ever had that concession.
 Wow. And I got to stand on that box, but I had to take my boots off first.
 Did he have to take his boots off first?
 No, because I was just saying that. That would have come from her authority.
 Kind of negated the concession, wouldn't it really? Yeah, indeed.
 Stand up, take your boots off, oh, same height.
 I think Gillian Anderson used to have to do that in the ex files, Dana Scully.
 She used to have to stand on a box when they were filming. She's quite a bit smaller than
 David Decoveny. And so for scenes where they were standing chatting, she would stand on a box.
 And yeah, that happens a lot in movies, I think.
 Oh, Charles and Lady Diana apparently did this as well.
 I have a Twitter fact about Charles and Lady Diana actually, so when we lead into that,
 when Prince Charles married Lady Diana, the TV cables put in place for the wedding were run by a
 ferret. And I googled it and it's true. What? Yeah. What do you mean?
 I don't mean he was physically with like a thing in the tank.
 All right, camera two, let's do this. Got a three, got a three.
 It was, it was, they had to get cables, I guess, into a mate, I'm guessing Westminster Abbey.
 They have to go into small little holes and this is you tie it to a ferret and they run through.
 And they, yeah, I think British aerospace abused it for some kind of aeroplane.
 Yeah, they have, I think for building aeroplanes, it was amazing.
 That's what I thought, that's what I was going to say, but I thought it sounded so ridiculous.
 Ferrets, build aeroplane. But I think they actually cancelled that eventually because they kept
 jumping through the wires. So I think they ended up being quite unreliable. I seem to remember.
 Someone sent me a tweet at Bangai Shot you sent me a tweet. And it's almost the same as this.
 It's like, there was a ferret called Misty who ran the cabling for the US Space Command,
 for the Y2K Centre, and her fee was a strawberry pop tart.
 Who negotiated that? That sounds like she actually asked for that.
 Yeah, it reminds me this of, there's a bridge over the Niagara River near the Niagara Falls.
 And the problem with bridges is, how do you get the first kind of thing over?
 So once you've got a bit of a string over there, then you can pull something over,
 and then you can pull something bigger over and bigger over, and then you eventually have a bridge.
 But if it's a really big, good preface, you use a bird.
 Well, it wasn't a bird, but it's close. Frisbee. Frisbee.
 No, it was a kite, a kite. Oh, nice.
 So they flew a kite up, and then it kind of went over, and then someone was on the other side,
 and they could grab the kite, and then you had a string over, and then they could attach a
 bit of wire onto that, and pull it across, and then a bit of a bigger wire.
 And then a tiny bit of wood, and then a little bit, a bigger bit of wood, and then eventually a bridge.
 You can't get a Frisbee across Niagara Falls. I think.
 This is true, so you know. How good are you at Frisbee?
 You can get it across Niagara Falls. You can make it hover in the air while it deposits building materials.
 It's incredible. You know, you guys know the aerobie super disk?
 Yeah. It's a great Frisbee, guys. It's the one that's completely hollow.
 It's plastic, and it's got a tough frame in the middle, so it keeps rigidity and stability.
 But it's rubber on the outside, so it doesn't hurt your hands.
 Anyway, this week's podcast is brought to you.
 It's the bee's knees, and they can get you, they've thrown one across Niagara Falls.
 When have you ever had a friend to throw a Frisbee stick?
 It does take a while to play when I'm playing with the Frisbee super disk, because it goes so far.
 Have you ever thought about getting a boomerang?
 Okay, let's move on with another fact.
 Who has a fact that's about penises and the London Underground?
 James, you're going to need to narrow it down a bit.
 Hi, my name's Tom. So when the new headquarters of the London Underground Building was opened in 1929,
 the statue of the front of a naked boy was so controversial, and there was such public outcry
 that the sculptor had to reduce the size of his penis by one and a half inches.
 Wow, that we ask from what?
 12 is too much, 10 and a half will be fine.
 So is it the shorter the penis, the lower the rating of the film?
 It was the film, it was the statue.
 Yeah, I'm sorry, I was extrapolating, but if that made it less obscene in the statue,
 it becomes less obscene the smaller the penis.
 Are you sensing an opening for some small and bowed people?
 What was the, do you know any more about why they had a statue of a naked boy in the first place?
 Yeah, yeah, kind of, so it was by Jacob Epstein who is this avant-garde, quite brutalist sculptor,
 and it was one of his first major commissions.
 He has this quite long history of creating sculptures like he has one on what's now
 his in Bobway House on the Strand, and that's also been massively defaced because it was just
 full of naked people and people didn't like that in Edwardian Britain.
 But this one, it was kind of a compromise because there was public outcry and the head
 of the tube at the time offered his resignation to keep the statue, it was that big a deal,
 and they wanted to keep the head of the CEO of the London Underground, but as a compromise,
 they said, "Okay, well just trim the penis a little bit."
 Does that happen to all ancient statues?
 Like, the David have a massive cock originally, and they thought it was more civilized,
 to have a small wedding day, but it was better to be small because if it was too big,
 you would lose heat and lose vigor.
 But this website had a picture of what had been done to the statue,
 and underneath it just said, "Yeah, this has actually happened,
 and you thought the cuts to the London Underground today were controversial."
 That's very good.
 Hey, we should wrap up soon, so maybe let's just do a couple more.
 Let's, why don't we do a Twitter one each, so we all like?
 I'll start with mine. This was sent in by Jonathan Warlow.
 Claire Danes and all her movies were banned from the Philippines after she badmouthed it in an
 interview, so they just said, "No more Claire Danes movies."
 Yeah, I'm kind of using this as an excuse, though, to talk about the Philippines,
 because my dad's a hairdresser, and he also, he likes to sing Bee Gees Covers,
 and he's got a really nice voice, and on the equivalent of Jonathan Ross there,
 they don't really have many people there to go on the show.
 So he often got asked to go on and sing Bee Gees Covers on this equivalent of Jonathan Ross,
 called the Johnny Littins Show, and he was on it one day, and a Melder Marcos saw it,
 and she called him up, and well, like Centro Letter's saying,
 "I'd like to invite you to sing karaoke with me once a week."
 And you can't really say no to someone like a Melder Marcos, so he had to do it.
 This is the fact that I learned of him through the back of doing that,
 is that she said to him one day when they were mid Bee Gees song, "Roger,
 I get so tired about people talking about my having the largest shoe collection all the time."
 No one talks about the fact that I have the largest collection of spoons.
 And she apparently likes to brag that she has the largest collection of silverware
 in the world, and no one talks about it, all the shoes.
 Oh yeah, the fucking shoes. No one talks about the silverware.
 So Anna, final fact?
 Yeah, so my favourite fact on Twitter actually was that this is from @gulbatasaurus,
 and it was that the Korean term for grinding in a club is boobie boobie.
 Apparently, very like that. Andy, what do you got?
 I really like the fact, and this is exactly how it was worded
 as from Mina Kuzluka. Ottoman Emperor Abdul Havett made it illegal to use the words sibling,
 star, bedbug, and nose. And then in brackets, he had a weird nose.
 And James?
 Okay, this fact came from IDKT, IDKT, and it is that in the olden days to send paper money
 through the post, people used to tear it in two pieces and post the halves separately.
 I don't even know if it's true, but I just really liked the ingenious idea of doing that.
 I'm trying to present a cellulite up 10 pound note of the musicians, and they didn't like it.
 But there was a guy in China, he didn't trust banks, and so he buried all of his money on the ground.
 And then it all got eaten by worms.
 Oh wow.
 And he managed to kind of save about a third of it.
 There was all in pieces and took it to the bank in a big bag of soil.
 And then said, "Is there anything you can do with this?"
 And they managed to retrieve about a third of his money.
 So the very thing that he didn't trust ended up saving some of his cash.
 Oh wow.
 And then he's convinced that the worms were working for the bank.
 I read ages ago that all astronauts, when they initially were going to the moon,
 that they were all given half notes of $1 note in America, American money.
 They would get the half, and they would have to present it back to NASA when they arrived.
 And so they could put the two halves together, so that they could check whether or not aliens had cloned them and come back.
 But the idea that the aliens would not have the technology to just keep hold of a half dollar bill.
 Well, we could clone a human, but that half dollar bill is no way of doing that.
 All right, let's wrap it up on that.
 All right, that's it. That's all of your facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you want to get in contact with us about the things that we said,
 don't get in contact with the people who said them.
 They're all on Twitter.
 You can reach them out there at Twitter handles, or you can track down the people
 who are in this room.
 We do have a list of their names, and we will make it public.
 And we'll see you again next week with another episode.
 Goodbye.
 [APPLAUSE]
 (upbeat music)
