 [meowing]
 [meowing]
 [meowing]
 Hello and welcome to Little Fish.
 This is the weekly bonus episode where we, James and Ian Dan, step away from the facts
 that we've been discovering over the last seven days and instead read out your facts.
 That you've been sending into us via podcast@QI.com. We've had so many awesome ones this week,
 so let's get straight into it. Who wants to begin?
 Well, I'll start with one. Let's do it. All right.
 Um...
 Rosie Watson writes,
 "Found out yesterday that Jeff Bezos' biological dad is one of the two notable unicycle hockey players
 according to Wikipedia."
 [laughing]
 "Unicycle hockey, it's amazing."
 It's a sport? It's an amazing sport.
 Wow.
 "But everyone on the unicycle."
 "Let me not slip around on my ice."
 "Day, this is not ice hockey."
 "All right, because when you said picture a hockey game."
 "Sorry, okay, picture hockey game."
 "Yeah."
 "Melt all the ice."
 [laughing]
 "I've been in a car park or whatever."
 "Cool."
 "Street hockey."
 "Field hockey."
 "Wow, I don't know. It's not grassy, though. It's on tarmac, I suppose."
 "God, sorry. Anyway, that was this guy called Theodore John Jorgensen."
 "Is he the other notable one?"
 "No, this is Jeff Bezos' biological father."
 So he and Bezos' mom, they split up when Jeff Bezos was a very young baby
 and he didn't really stay in contact.
 And so Bezos considers this dad to be the, you know, his sort of new father,
 his mom's new partner.
 "But they were in your relationship."
 "They were."
 "The wheels fell off."
 "Oh dear."
 "They were the wheel."
 [laughing]
 "Just one."
 "But he was the president of the Albuquerque Unicycle Hockey Club."
 "Wow."
 "Wow."
 "Well, it's his first such club."
 "And..."
 [laughing]
 "How many members?"
 "You just."
 "There were loads."
 "Okay."
 "There were loads."
 "And it turns out that Unicycle Hockey is a big thing in various countries."
 "So Germany, at the latest count, has 89 teams, which is genuinely about 85 more than I thought there would be."
 "Yeah."
 "And that's quite big."
 "The real skill is the goalie."
 "There's only 92 or 93 teams in the English football league."
 "Exactly."
 "Yeah."
 "Why isn't this should be the as big as English football league?"
 "It should be the English football league."
 "The goalie just has to go back and forth, the back and forth, the front and the goal."
 "Oh, that feels cheating to me.
 I feel like, you know, when a bicycle stops at a traffic light and they just have to shimmy."
 "But the goalie is doing that."
 "The goalie is doing a little bit of that."
 "Oh, right."
 "You know."
 "And they're still having to defend the goal with a hockey stick."
 "I mean, it's crazy."
 "I love it when someone comes up to a traffic light and does that."
 "And they can't keep it up for long enough and they have to put their foot down."
 "Yeah."
 "Because I feel like it's such a failure on their part."
 "Oh, it's hard."
 "Yeah, we should do it."
 "I don't do it."
 "Put your feet down like a noble person."
 "I fully dismount."
 "Really?"
 "Yeah."
 "I fully dismount."
 "And I just wait patiently."
 "Just sit on my cards, bonnet, having a ciggy."
 "Anyway, it's like anyone over the age of 12 cycling with no hands.
 It just really makes me laugh whenever I see it.
 I just imagine them in their head, they're thinking, "Ooh, look at me, I'm doing it with no hands."
 "Like you did when you were 12, like."
 "I'm still impressed by no hands.
 I've got to say, I sort of kid in Edinburgh this year who was riding a bicycle on the road.
 And everyone was looking at him.
 And as he passed me, I was on the pedestrian side of the main Princess Street."
 "Oh, he grabbed your phone."
 "No, I'm sorry, mate.
 It's happened to the best of us."
 "It's even better."
 "As he went by, he went, "Welcome to Scotland!"
 "Really loud, disappeared.
 And then behind him on the road, wearing a giant Deliveroo box backpack,
 was the guy who's biky just all in, who was a Deliveroo rider."
 "Oh, no."
 "Chasing off him down the road, it was so hollywood, it was incredible."
 "It was so hollyrood."
 "Holyrood."
 "Yeah."
 "I saw it, no, I fluffed that joke."
 "It was such a solid one."
 "You went to the edit."
 "So I do one?"
 "Yeah."
 "This is from paleontologist Thomas Halliday, who I briefly met at a party."
 "Oh, sorry, that was my briefing notes."
 "You didn't meet him at a party day."
 "I thought I did recognize the name."
 "But hang on, we've had a letter from Thomas Halliday in one of our jewels,
 one of our drop us a line episodes, yes."
 "But he included such good stuff."
 "Are you just getting your mates to write in, Andy?"
 "I say this in the nicest possible way, he's not my mate."
 "But we met once, and he was a really nice guy, and he sent a great email."
 "Great author."
 "Yeah."
 "Other lands he wrote, it was like a waterstone's book of the year, it was yours."
 "Yeah, so he's down there."
 "I'm never bad in my, I love his stuff."
 "Okay, well, Tommy H says, you are genetically descended from only about half of your ancestors
 that were alive 250 years ago."
 "Oh, piss off Thomas!"
 "What a twat!"
 "Whoa!"
 "Oh, joking, I was playing against the whole liking him as a buddy."
 "That's funny, because I get to cut out all the first bits."
 "This is going to sound like..."
 "That's very cool."
 "What does he mean?"
 "What does Thomas mean?"
 "Actually, we've come across this on QI, James Ross and our good friend and colleague found this
 as well, and I've literally just written it up for the X series of QI, which will be on your
 TV's in about 18 months."
 "So, send your calendars."
 "Yeah, but basically what it is is your 50% DNA from each parent."
 "Yeah, right."
 "But the DNA comes in chunks, so if you get 50% from your mum, what if all of that 50% was
 what she got from her mum?"
 "In that case, you got nothing from her dad."
 "Okay."
 "And that's possible."
 "Wow."
 "So the way I like to look at it is imagine like playing cards, right?"
 "So your mum might have hearts and diamonds, and your dad might have spades and clubs."
 "Yeah."
 "But you might get all of the hearts from your mum and all of the clubs from your dad, in which
 case the parent who gave them the spades and the diamonds wouldn't give you anything."
 "And what you're saying is, that's obviously possible, but unlikely, that's two generations
 up."
 "That is absolutely completely impossible, really, like it wouldn't happen because of the statistics."
 "But when you go far enough back, actually, it's not just possible, it's certain."
 "I would say."
 "Frazy."
 "And according to Thomas, he reckons that the tipping point of 50% is 10 generations."
 "Now for QI, I did the maths for this as well, and I reckon after 15 generations, you're extremely
 likely to have at least one ancestor who's completely genetically distinct from you."
 "So Thomas is doing like the 50% chance, I'm saying after 15 generations, one of your ancestors
 will not be related to you genetically."
 "Doesn't that mean problems with genealogy and tests?"
 "I don't think, when it's that far back, someone's going to be hearing the words, I'm sorry,
 but you're not the great, great, great, great grandfather."
 "It's Jeremy Kyle meets who do you think you are, who do you think you aren't?"
 "She's not your aunt."
 "Oh, superb, what a fact."
 "Yeah, it's brilliant, it's really interesting, and it really blows your mind when you start
 trying to do the maths and stuff, but yeah, it's a great, great fact, I think."
 "Should I jump in with one?"
 "This is from Felicia Vinterhoek, and it's sort of similar to a fact that we got sent in
 from the last episode about relocating an entire thing.
 We were talking about how a full village was middle way."
 "A village in Oxygen, yeah."
 "So same thing happened this year in north of Sweden in a town called Caruna, where they
 took literally the entire church, the Caruna Church, and they rolled it to a new destination,
 three kilometres to the east, and they've done that because Caruna is like a mining town,
 and so the stabilization underneath them, because they've taken up so much from underneath
 the ground was getting a bit unsettling for us."
 "It's like subsidence and stuff."
 "Thanks, so yeah, and so they decided, okay, that they're going to move it."
 "I wonder if that's Horusum sort of went off a cliff when Caruna virus came out in 2020."
 "You know what, Andy, when you put your head in your hands like that, it really discourages
 me from doing this."
 "Well that's why I'm doing a check."
 "Hey, I've got one."
 "Yeah, I got for it."
 "From Louise Drake.
 Pleasingly, Louise Drake from Lewis."
 "Actually, this is about a place I've been to very excitingly, a place called Baselden Park,
 which is a national trust place, and it's a lovely old house, gorgeous grounds and all
 that, and it was where the 2005 Pride and Prejudice, which is the one with Kira Knightly in,
 was filmed in part, right?"
 "Lovely."
 "So when they were filming it, they filmed a ball scene there.
 I just didn't find it so funny.
 The scale of the ball scene was so large that they put some of the national trust."
 "Are you laughing at the same ball scene?"
 "I don't like it."
 "In my head, because I don't live in that Jane Austen world like you do, and like to
 me, ball scene, I was thinking like a ball pool, like kids."
 "No, that's it.
 It's a very modern adaptation of the story, but it's all, yeah, yeah."
 "Oh, no, Mr. Darcy's weed and macarna."
 "He dives into the ball pit, and then he comes out with that as shirt on, it's very sexy."
 "It's incredible.
 I didn't know I did."
 "So all Jane Austen is set in soft play."
 "Wow."
 "No, so they filmed this ball-room scene.
 The scale of the ball scene was so large," right, Louise, that they put some of the
 national trust conservation staff in costume as supporting artists so they could keep
 a closer eye on things without looking out of place on camera.
 "Oh, I presume that's just so they don't break any of the price to start effects around
 the edge of the room."
 "I just find that so funny."
 "Yeah."
 "So if you watch that scene, there'll be some people there who are just national trust
 artists that, like, please look after this vase."
 "Don't touch that!"
 "Yeah."
 "That's really funny."
 "And then I looked into this place, Basil and Park, right?"
 "Mids, 18th century."
 "Yeah."
 "It's, they do a fair bit of film in there."
 "Yes, they film lots of stuff there."
 "Yeah, I think I know the one, yeah."
 "And basically, this is a bit of gossip from the 18th and 19th centuries."
 "Which is pretty heart gossip for us, man."
 "Yeah."
 "It was bought by this guy called Francis Sykes, right?"
 "And I looked him up and he sounds like an absolute rosser."
 "Astonishingly, someone who built a really, really big house then had not made all of their
 money entirely pleasantly."
 "Yeah."
 "He was an East India company guy and lots of bribes and insider trading and private
 investment.
 I mean, just all sorts of, all sorts of dreadful practice went on basically and he made a huge
 amount of money he spent on this house."
 "But the really spicy gossip is about the third baronette site, so I imagine his grandson
 who inherited the estate age five, right?
 So, you know, he's grown into a giant bobhead."
 "And he married this woman called Henrietta Vilbois, who was very wealthy, he was marrying
 for wealthy, you know, sort of like, dynastic marriage, whatever.
 They both had lots of affairs.
 She hadn't affair with Benjamin Disraeli."
 "Oh wow."
 "I know."
 "What a cameo."
 "What a cameo."
 "Who then?"
 He wrote a book called Henrietta Temple, which was all about having a secret affair with
 the married woman, which I would say is not a very good way of, if you're putting her
 first name in the title of the book, okay fine, whatever.
 But she had this other affair with a painter called Daniel McLeese, McLeese, who was friends
 with Charles Dickens.
 And when the husband, Sykes, the rotter, found out about this, he put a notice in the
 newspaper, saying, "Whereas Henrietta Sykes, the wife of me, Sir Francis Sykes, Baronette,
 have committed adultery with Daniel McLeese."
 This is in the newspapers, putting this down here, with whom she was found in bed at my house.
 And then he gives us a dress.
 On the 4th of July 1837, this is to give notice that hereafter I shall not be answerable
 for any debts she may contract or any goods which may be supplied to her.
 "What a scoundrel.
 This is like the 19th century.
 It was Rebecca Vardi."
 Exactly that.
 And you remember who I said McLeese was friends with?
 Charles Dickens.
 What's the surname of this Baronette?
 Sykes, Bill Sykes, Sykes, but also Bill Sykes, Bill Sykes, Bill Sykes is from Francis
 Sykes.
 Yeah.
 It's a direct takeoff.
 And it's so everyone knows, this guy Francis Sykes is a worm.
 Yeah.
 That's amazing.
 Kate Moore writes, "Mountain beavers are the most primitive rodents and also host to the
 world's largest flea.
 They also neither live in the mountains nor are they a beaver."
 Mountain beavers.
 Mountain beavers.
 They're a type of rodent.
 All the world's most primitive rodent I hear.
 Oh yes.
 Yeah, they are.
 Wow.
 That is real.
 Because like rodent is not a moment good association.
 But to be the world's most primitive rodent, that's a double whammy.
 That's bad.
 The flea can get around 10mm, so about a centimeter.
 It's a farthest, yeah.
 But beavers have smaller faces than you, like mountain beavers, especially.
 They have quite thin faces.
 And so if you had a flea that was comparatively the same size, it would cover your whole eye.
 Oh yeah.
 One flea covering your own eye.
 Two fleas.
 Both eyes.
 Both eyes.
 Yeah.
 Poor benign mountain beaver.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Actually, it's only the females who get that big.
 The males are about half that size.
 And actually you get much smaller ones.
 This is like a big hefty flea.
 Yeah.
 I wouldn't like that at all.
 I wouldn't like a tall to have a flea covering my whole eye.
 No.
 That's crazy out there, thought.
 Yeah.
 Can I do one?
 Yeah.
 Please.
 Jesse Quick writes, "It seems almost too ordinary to be true because we've all tried
 this once.
 You know, the world record for most melons chopped in half on somebody's stomach with a samurai
 sword while they lay on a bed of nails was set by a man named Johnny Strange.
 Oh.
 He's famous, isn't he?
 Johnny Strange.
 He is.
 He's got multiple Guinness.
 Well, that's quite the man.
 Is this real name?
 Dracan.
 No, he's actually called Luke.
 Strange.
 Well, Strange is a surname, right?
 Yeah, yeah.
 I've heard people with that surname, but then also, conceivably, you would make it up.
 Yeah.
 Like Johnny Strange sideshow.co.uk, I think it's a might, I might be a stage name.
 It's an incredible website.
 So he sliced 10 watermelons in 30 seconds on his glamorous partner's tummy and she's on
 a bed of nails and watermelons to bask in.
 There's no board.
 There's no board.
 Yeah.
 There's no board.
 She's the board.
 And then this watermelon record is big.
 I think she deserves the credit for that.
 Well, I know what you mean because he's broken a lot of records and she's involved in
 some of them.
 So he's broken record for most apples held in one's own mouth and chainsawed out of it in
 one minute.
 That sounds like you've got a load of apples in your mouth.
 And like, let's say you have somehow got five apples in your mouth and the only way to
 get them out is to chainsaw your face so that they fall out.
 Sorry.
 He's biting an apple, which is mostly sticking out of his mouth and he's getting rid of
 it by chainsawing across it.
 He chainsaws across the apple.
 Okay.
 So you need someone with a small nose.
 You do.
 That's a really good point.
 Oh, yeah.
 He did eight apples out of his own mouth, but when his glamorous partner was holding the
 apples in her mouth, he did 12 in 60 seconds.
 That's a hardly surprising that it's easier to do it out of someone else's mouth than
 your own mouth.
 Yeah.
 You reckon?
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 Fair enough.
 All right.
 He's done heaviest weight pulled by pierced ears.
 Uh-huh.
 It's pulled a small plane.
 Was it his ears or his partner's ears?
 Was it his ears?
 Um, and I love this.
 He's done sword swallowing inside the globe of death.
 You know that cage where they ride a motorbike round the inside.
 Oh, I saw him.
 That was quite recently.
 I saw him.
 I went to zippo circus later.
 Strangely.
 Did you?
 Yeah.
 Oh, you were, you were the guy with the trousers falling down.
 I'm glad I wasn't you.
 Yeah, yeah.
 You were the glamorous assistant.
 But it's so exciting when they bring out that globe of death and they cycle motorbike
 round the inside of it.
 He was standing in the middle of it, swallowing the sword while someone was riding a motorbike
 around his head.
 Right.
 Really cool.
 Yeah.
 I mean, very dangerous.
 I don't know if we can jump into another here from Shona Mack, which is also Guinness World
 Record, which is the world's oldest continuously operating post office is in the small town of
 Sankar in southwest Scotland.
 The post office has been operating on that site since it was established as a staging post
 in 1712.
 Pretty good going.
 Really good.
 That's cool.
 That's very good.
 I would have had the post office start in a bit later than that.
 What was Roland Hill?
 I thought he was like.
 And it's actually the penny post, yeah, but maybe they just were very quite a hundred years
 before this is a long queue.
 Here is one from Richard Galt.
 When board work last week, I came across a pamphlet from about 1970 preparing the company
 for metrication.
 So when we're going to go to the metric, the pounds and the vents and all that kind of
 stuff.
 Anyway, it contained a fact.
 And that is that the SI units that we used today are based on the kilogram, the meter and
 the second.
 And that's a bit messy because kilogram is already a thousand of something.
 So kilometer, you've got the basic thing which is the meter and then you add the kilo on.
 But the kilogram is already a kilo.
 Really it should be the gram or we should change the name of the kilogram.
 And indeed in 1970, the standardization committee, the ISO, was planning to change a kilogram and
 give it a different name.
 And one option was to rename it the Einstein.
 And if they'd have ended up doing that, it would have meant that Einstein himself weighed
 about 79 Einstein's, which is a good fact, apart from the fact that Richard I think means
 mass, not weight because masses and kilograms, or would have been Einstein's, whereas we measure
 weight in newtons.
 And newtons is kilograms multiplied by the gravitational pull of the earth.
 And Isaac Newton's weight would have been according to my calculation, around 686 newtons.
 Lovely.
 And that the, your basic metabolic rate, so the amount that you create energy means that
 James Watts created about 100 watts of power.
 Humans have no charge, but we do have a lot of electrons.
 And the electrons in the body of Charles Augustine de Coulomb would have been minus 9 billion
 Coulomb's.
 And if he was wearing high heels, Blaze Pascal would have asserted 5 million Pascal's
 pressure on the floor.
 But Harry knows how to sell a fact, I mean, that's really good.
 So until 2020, only the, I'm sorry for my pronunciation here, the arm helmet was known.
 The arm helmet was found in the 1950s, admittedly, but it wasn't authenticated until 2020.
 So there you go.
 That is the doubling of the Viking helmets.
 And Harry adds an additional three fragments are known, largely eyebrow pieces, but none of them
 has horns.
 Okay.
 So, yeah.
 Very cool.
 Yeah, you do get horned helmets, but they're pre-viking.
 So yeah, you get like from Scandinavia, you definitely get horned helmets, but by the time
 the Vikings came in, they didn't have horns anymore.
 And our thought of the horned helmets comes from Wagner basically.
 I had no idea.
 I thought there were never any horned helmets.
 No, they do exist for sure.
 Oh, I think one day we'll find some Viking ones I genuinely do, but what year will that
 be?
 On current evidence, behave as a way.
 Well, no, if it doubled this year, then next year they'll be four, the year after they'll
 be eight.
 Okay.
 Well, that's it for all of your facts.
 Before we wrap up though, we have something very important to do, which is to announce the
 latest custodians from the fish archive, each person who joins the friend of the podcast
 here in club fish gets to become the champion, the effective owner of a fact from our 600 episodes.
 And so today we are going to be handing some out and he won't we begin with you?
 Yeah.
 All right.
 Here's a fact that is now under the stewardship of Hollis.
 It's this.
 Some rats were once the size of hippos and weighed two tons.
 Well, I would say a vintage, a vintage fish fact.
 It is.
 It's about animals being an amusing size.
 Yeah.
 I remember we talked about whether they made a weird noise as they got bigger and smaller
 going.
 Oh, yeah.
 Do you remember that?
 Which is the same as the weird noise that a hippo makes when it retracts its testicles
 into its body.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 It's all flooding back.
 It's all flooding back.
 Yeah.
 That's very good.
 That's great.
 That's great fact.
 Yep.
 This is a fact and then that goes to Matt.
 This was one of my facts, which was during his 27 year rule, Pope John Paul II took over
 a hundred skiing and mountain climbing holidays.
 A funny image.
 Yeah.
 Seeing the Pope my meal on those slopes?
 Well, yeah.
 Yeah.
 Not quite.
 But yeah.
 What he used to do, though, was sneak out of the Vatican.
 I seem to remember we spoke about it in a sort of like almost the beginning of like a Beatles
 movie where they have to wear false moustaches and hide behind newspapers would cut out holes
 for their eyes to look through.
 Like he was smuggled out of the Vatican so that he could get privacy and that he could
 go on the skiing holiday.
 Surely it's incredibly easy if you're the Pope to be spotted out of the Vatican.
 You just take off the papal regalia, which is what most people are looking at.
 Did we say this at the time, like just go out as an old Italian man?
 Yes.
 Is the like no one more better than Ireland?
 Absolutely true.
 Do you know Reckon, if there were 10 elderly Italian men in this room, does he Italian the
 new one?
 I think the new one's American.
 So 10 elderly Italian American men in this room standing in a line, do you reckon you'd
 be able to pick out the Pope?
 No, shoot me now.
 I just couldn't do it.
 Do you not think he has some kind of blow, like a halo?
 Oh.
 I forgot the glow.
 Do you not think he emanates holiness?
 Yes, you're right.
 Yeah.
 So you'd have to have a heavy, heavy coat to cover his papal aura.
 Yeah.
 No, I just, I honestly, I would not recognise the Pope in a non-papal setting.
 Very interesting.
 Yeah.
 I could be standing next to one of the urinal and just not know that it was the Pope.
 But do you not think his penis has like an ethereal blow?
 I think James, you've been excommunicated ones. What are you doing?
 OK.
 This is an ex-fact.
 This one will be forever loved, petted and fed by Rebecca Lovett.
 And her fact is that in 1900, a quarter of the residents of New York City would move house
 every May the 1st at 9am.
 Brilliant fact.
 Another vintage one, I'd say.
 That was one of yours, James.
 It was one of mine, yeah.
 I remember the details.
 What was the reasoning for it?
 I mean, it's a long fact that all the details are in the facts, but why?
 They are.
 It was just that everyone's rent would run out on that date, and that's just, to be honest,
 the answer was really that it was just so, that was the way they did it, and they didn't
 really know any different.
 It was Mayhem, wasn't it?
 You couldn't get a moving removal firm for Love or Money because they were all booked.
 It's really low, though.
 It must have been tough to be a removal firm, because the rest of the year you just twiddling
 your thumbs up.
 Yeah, absolutely.
 That's where you make all your money, and then you just hang out for the rest of the year.
 Oh, that's nice.
 Like Santa.
 Yeah.
 Exactly just like Santa.
 It's all that money, one back in the year.
 Andy, let's go on from here.
 OK.
 This fact is now going to be stuffed mounted and put on the wall of Steffen Low Camp.
 There's one of my facts, actually, is that nobody knows why we kiss.
 Is that still true?
 11 years later?
 I think people do it because it's nice.
 Well, I think no one knows that for sure scientifically, I may as well.
 I can say because the X series of QI will be filmed in the spring and will go out in about
 18 months, but I'm writing it right now.
 And we have a question on kisses because of XOXO kind of thing.
 And according to my research, we still don't definitively know where kissing came from.
 Yeah.
 As a cultural practice.
 Yeah.
 Is it from sort of mothers chewing up food in their mouth and feeding it to their babies?
 Which is one main theory, isn't it?
 And so you evolve to feel that smashing your lips against someone else's lips is nice.
 Yeah.
 No one likes thinking about that as the origin of kissing because it's a bit weird.
 Yeah.
 I think that that's what causes this very--
 The first human who ever kissed another human was kissing their own mum on the lips.
 Yeah, absolutely.
 Yeah.
 So we don't like that theory.
 No.
 Yeah.
 But I think it's true.
 Yeah.
 I mean, Dan, your mum's sexy.
 Not a great kisser though, weirdly.
 Oh no.
 I'm just fine, isn't it?
 But like, come on.
 Why the only one with a tongue?
 Like what's going on?
 James.
 Honestly, I thought I'd gone too far with the hope of the urinal, but--
 OK, here's a fact.
 Some years ago, a Belgian man had surgery to make himself look more like Michael Jackson.
 OK.
 Wow.
 OK, interesting.
 I wonder what Michael Jackson's status was when we did that fact.
 20.
 I think it's still pretty bad.
 Yeah.
 Well, that was his life to sell them.
 That fact is now under the custodian ship of Nick with no C N I K. Nick.
 You will have to look after that fact as if it was a member of your own family.
 That was from Mark Abrams, by the way.
 Oh, yeah.
 The founder of the Ig Nobel Prize.
 You and I saw very recently.
 We did indeed.
 He came into this very room.
 Yeah.
 He was in town.
 And this is interesting, because this is an episode where, once again, there were only two
 members of fish on it, which is something we really rarely do.
 But in the early days we did, I was away.
 And so was Anna.
 So in our place was Mark Abrams.
 And then, also in our place, was Molly Oldfield, one of the original QILs.
 And her fact was the longest Viking longship ever found was discovered during renovations
 of Longship Museum.
 So that basically found the Viking ship underneath the Viking ship museum, as they were
 just getting ready to expand it.
 That's brilliant.
 That fact is going to now belong to Simon Mattelján.
 Congratulations.
 Yeah.
 Be proud.
 It's a great fact.
 Where do you put that, though?
 You've got to build another museum now.
 Nightmare.
 Yeah.
 Exactly.
 And then you just keep discovering more and more.
 Theological treasures.
 Where do you stop?
 Do you know?
 All right.
 When we get another fact, all right.
 Let's go to you, Andy.
 All right.
 This fact is for Michael Boulter.
 And it's that the tobacco horn worm uses very bad halitosis to stop predators eating it.
 Well, so you just got really dreadful breath.
 And predators smell that.
 No, no, no, no.
 That's interesting.
 So previous episode of Little Fish at the End, your fact that you gave out was to do also
 with a small insect that was being eaten.
 The spiders, the grass spiders.
 Yeah.
 I think amusing animals.
 That was your thing in the early days.
 Stock and trade.
 Yeah.
 We used to say it wasn't a proper episode of fish without an animal fact.
 Yeah.
 And what's that?
 I think we've outgrown it.
 And we did all the animals.
 We've done 400 animals.
 We've done 600 episodes.
 Do the maths.
 We've got 400 animals at the back.
 But honestly, with a gun to your head, how many could you name?
 400 is topi.
 You know that.
 That's very ambitious.
 No, you're right.
 Attenborough's really stretched that career out, hasn't he?
 Once you'd, oh, giraffe's again.
 But once you do the big mammals, and then the small mammals, and then, I mean, how many insects
 can we name?
 Cricket, locust, grass, opera, ant.
 Crickets and locusts are the same animal.
 What?
 I mean, I'm nine.
 OK.
 Let's do one more before we wrap up.
 So this fact is, you could have fallen asleep up to five times during this podcast and not
 known it.
 This was about the fact that everyone does little micro sleeps during the day.
 And that fact now belongs to Matthew Renner.
 So Matthew, I really hope you enjoy that fact being part of your life.
 Yeah, sweet dreams.
 And we've ascertained, like, since 11 years ago now,
 I think it turns out almost half our audience are using us as a sleep aide.
 Imagine if Matthew accidentally took his micro nap as you read out his facts and his name.
 And he's going to be listening for all these episodes, going, oh, surely, I'll be on
 this week's episode.
 Come on.
 Yeah.
 Where's my fact?
 Oh, well.
 Hey, listen, we do need to wrap up.
 If you want to be a custodian of one of our facts from the archive, all you need to do is
 join Club Fish at our top tier level, which is friend of the podcast.
 We're going to be reading out more and more of these as the weeks go on with this new
 little fish show.
 We hope you're enjoying it.
 Come back again next week.
 Stay tuned for our Friday episode.
 And of course, if you are a Club Fish member, you're going to get dual droppers of line.
 We're going to be reading out more and more emails, so send some in there, podcast@qy.com.
 We'll see you next week.
 Goodbye.
 [MUSIC]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
