 (upbeat music)
 - Hi everyone, welcome to this week's episode
 of No Six Things, a fish where we decided
 that we would help a new up and coming comedian
 who is our guest today, Andy, can you remember their name?
 I can't quite recall.
 - This is called Michael Paulin.
 - Michael Paulin.
 - Yeah, that's what I'm reading here.
 Oh, I'm sorry, it's always Michael Paulin.
 It's Michael Paulin.
 - It's only bloody Michael Paulin.
 - From everything, from Monty Python onwards.
 We are so excited to have Michael on the show.
 We hope you'll enjoy this one.
 We certainly did recording, as you're about to hear.
 He's amazing, it was such fun episode.
 - He has a new book out.
 A lot of the facts that you hear at the start of this podcast
 will be recounted in that book,
 but there is so much more besides,
 and that book is called, simply.
 - Michael Paulin in Venezuela.
 - Michael Paulin in Venezuela does exactly what it says
 on the ten, it's a brilliant book.
 Dan has read it from cover to cover multiple times.
 And he tells us that it's an incredible book,
 so you should definitely go out and get that.
 And if you wanna know anything more about Michael,
 then go to his website, it's MichaelPalin.com.
 And there's so much on there.
 Like you just can't, you'll be on there for weeks.
 - Absolutely.
 And we have Club Fish,
 which is our super secret, private, exclusive, extraordinary,
 members club.
 You can get ad free episodes of Fish.
 You can get bonus bits of Fish.
 There is a longer version of the episode
 with Michael Palin, as with every other one.
 You can get FishXL.
 There's so much other stuff and goodies on there.
 Go and check it out.
 It's at patreon.com/nosuchthingasaffish.
 - But in the meantime, please do enjoy this episode
 of "No Six Things Affish" with Michael Palin.
 And why not check out some of the other stuff he's done?
 I've heard it's quite good.
 - I think so.
 I think so.
 - I'm with the podcast.
 - I'm with the show.
 (dramatic music)
 (upbeat music)
 (speaking in foreign language)
 (upbeat music)
 - Hello and welcome to another episode
 of "No Such Thing As A Fish"
 a weekly podcast coming to you
 from the QI offices in Hobern.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I am sitting here with Andrew Hunter Murray,
 James Harkin, and Michael Palin.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days
 and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, and that is Michael.
 - In the Venezuelan Andes, there's a town called Millida,
 and it has two entries in the Guinness Book of Records.
 One is the tallest cable car in the world,
 and the other is the El Adarier Colomoto,
 which is an ice cream parlor,
 which has the record number of ice cream varieties on sale.
 860, including avocado, garlic, and trout.
 (laughing)
 A trout ice cream, please.
 - Oh, Daddy, can I have a trout ice cream parlor?
 - Mushroom and wine, gyrkin, chili, shellfishes of some type.
 You went to Venezuela, have you been to this town
 and to this specific ice cream parlor?
 - Well, I haven't been to the ice cream parlor.
 We were doing various other things.
 I haven't been up on the amazing cable car,
 which takes you right up in the mountains.
 But I know where it was, the El Adarier Colomoto.
 And it's obviously fallen on hard times.
 I think it may have been superseded now
 by some other, probably in China.
 There's another place that's got more.
 - I really like the sound of,
 is it, I'm going to pronounce it wrong.
 Pabellon Crio, which is a traditional food,
 but it's five different kinds of ice cream, beef rice,
 plantain, cheese, and black beans, so five little scoops
 with a scoop of chili on top.
 - Well, on the flip side, they've got Viagra Hope,
 which is blue like the pills.
 So maybe, maybe those two are talking about it.
 - Does it have any sort of natural ingredients, perhaps?
 - It's only got honey and something else natural they don't use.
 - Oh, we know that everything is an aphrodisiac,
 really, isn't it?
 That's why they claim honey's an aphrodisiac for sure.
 - Kippers, are they the only things?
 - Kippers, no, they're not an aphrodisiac.
 - Are they not, right?
 - I don't think so.
 - I've had a lot of kippers in my time.
 - Yeah, no, my legs are man, man, crossed.
 - I think you're right, Michael, that it's now,
 it's now not selling 800 flavours anymore.
 This was the glory days, but when the original owner
 was still trading, I think, and it's also been overtaken,
 not by somewhere in China.
 It's actually meag and muts craft creamery in Colorado.
 - Oh, god, really?
 - Well, how many do they do, and do they do garlic?
 - I think it's something, they must have more than 860,
 so I can't imagine garlic isn't in there.
 - If you walked in and you said,
 "Do you have raspberry ripple?"
 And they go, "Oh, damn it!"
 - Exactly, chocolate, oh.
 - But you did do the cable car.
 - Yeah.
 - Which sounds, I mean, it looks,
 I mean, I don't really like cable cars
 where you're floating over a bit,
 but it looks terrifying.
 - I don't really, and they're big, gondolas,
 and they take about 40 people.
 So not only are you hanging from these very slim cables,
 you've got 40 very large, you know,
 Venezuela's also traveling with you.
 But the thing is, it's not a continuous ride.
 You have to stop at various places
 and get into another one, and so there are four stages.
 But it is, I mean, it's amazing.
 If you imagine, if you're a sort of geography teacher,
 take a class up there,
 and they could see all the different environments
 from the River Valley, with all its agriculture,
 and all that, and the city itself.
 To the very top, where it's all completely bleak,
 and you end up alongside the highest peaking
 of Venezuela and Andes.
 - It's pretty amazing.
 I read that chapter in your book,
 but in that chapter, you talk about it,
 and you say that it's an hour journey, basically,
 to get to the top.
 But in that time, you're traveling,
 basically half the height of Everest.
 So when you get to the top,
 the oxygen level has changed vastly,
 and you're all giddy, and there's all these signs
 in the gondola that are sort of talking about,
 how you feel in, how's the old ticker doing?
 Is it feeling okay? - Yeah, I mean, it's quite extraordinary
 that people get in downtown.
 You know, it seems like getting on a bus,
 or something, and it's quite warm in Merida.
 And you see these people like party goers,
 and tiny little girls, and slim dresses,
 sleepless dresses, and all that, and shorts skirts.
 And they're getting up to half-large of Everest, do you know?
 - I read that it was there,
 because originally there was a ski track there.
 - Oh, yeah. - There were some ski slopes,
 'cause there was a big old glacier there,
 which you could see from the city, but now it's gone.
 - The dusty has gone in the last two years.
 And they thought, well, it may return,
 but it's now gone for good.
 So there are a lot of things in the cable car saying,
 this is how the plant is changing,
 everywhere you go.
 And then as well, there has no snow anymore.
 - Michael, did you say,
 'cause I was reading about some of the amazing creatures
 that live, I mean, it's a huge country.
 It's equatorial, it's got a lot of amazing wild spaces.
 So there is the Marida Cable Car Frog,
 which you might have seen.
 - What?
 - What?
 - What lives in the cable car, or what?
 - It takes your tickets.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - Yeah.
 - Hello.
 - Oh, you call me Frog, please.
 - It just lives very near the stations of the cable car,
 and it's been found nowhere else.
 So it's now called--
 - That's very interesting.
 - Is it, sorry to say, is it found at the top and the bottom?
 So you can imagine that like it travels from one place
 to the other to mate, maybe, or to my grades?
 - That's it.
 - The male's 1,000 feet to mate.
 - That's it.
 - You've got, I really love somebody.
 - Everyone's gone, they've all got their kippers ready.
 - Honestly, the Assembra, the great migration
 of the cable car, Frog, they're just all of them
 in one gondola, just having up, yeah.
 - Okay.
 - The oil bird.
 - Oh, I don't know if you saw that.
 - Yes, actually, I did hear about the oil birds.
 I hope it's not because in the olden days,
 they used to take oily birds and then use them as candles.
 I hope it's not that.
 - Yeah, I'm really, I'm really sorry to say it, James.
 - It is.
 - They did use them as--
 - Oh, yeah, they didn't go.
 - They had a very high fat content,
 and I'm afraid it's especially the baby oil birds.
 - Oh, oh, no.
 - And they basically were burnt down to make oil.
 But they're an amazing animal.
 They're the only birds, or one of very, very few birds,
 which uses echolocation.
 - Yeah.
 - So we're used to that in bats,
 but they make a stream of high pitch calls
 and have it as they live in very dark caves,
 and that's how they get around.
 - Another animal they had in Venezuela was a guinea pig
 the size of a fiat 500.
 - Just one.
 - Did you see that?
 - Did you see that when you were there, Mike?
 (laughing)
 - I saw lots of fiat 500s.
 Not none of them, you know?
 - Did you check the whiskers?
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 I didn't have fur all over the place.
 - I'm afraid it was many hundreds of thousands of years ago.
 We only know about them because of their teeth,
 and we've extrapolated the size.
 - Wow.
 - But there were 10 times the mass of the largest living rodent
 today.
 - Go on.
 - Wow, fantastic.
 - Which is the largest living rodent,
 also in Venezuela, is a cappibara,
 which is apparently the largest living rodent.
 - Have you seen one?
 - Yeah.
 - Yes.
 - You're not very impressed.
 - No, they're a bit sad, really.
 Like, they were supposed to be a model
 for another kind of creature,
 but they didn't get the fittings.
 So that's pretty basic, four legs and a sort of back
 and a nose, but there's nothing very distinguished about them.
 - When you went to Peru, did you eat guinea pig?
 'Cause that's like a big delicacy over there,
 and every market they sell guinea pig and stuff.
 - Not knowingly.
 No, I mean, seriously, you don't ever know half the time.
 - No.
 - What you're eating.
 - Are you one when you go to all the different countries
 that you like to try different foods that they have
 and stuff, or are you not really,
 you'd rather have these things?
 - No, I like to, 'cause it's part of getting to know people
 and meeting people is, you know, hospitality offered
 has to be taken, otherwise people get to be defended.
 And also there's this feeling,
 oh, you're going abroad with a food at your home.
 - Oh, we're going to France.
 - Oh.
 (laughing)
 And yet the people in these countries
 don't want to poison themselves.
 They're not making bad food.
 And we're wishing they had McDonald's or something like that.
 They make strange ingredients sometimes,
 but always very, very well cooked.
 - I so wish you were the opposite
 that you would go to the ice cream shop
 and just go, "Vinilla, please."
 - Yes, yes, yes, yes.
 - I think I might have said this before in this show.
 One of my favorite Beatles facts is that
 when the Beatles went to India
 for their great, you know, spiritual awakening
 and all of this, Ringo started a suitcase
 of baked beans with him, like a full chocoblock.
 - Yeah.
 - Just so he didn't run out of baked beans.
 I just, I love that.
 - Well, when we did around the 180 days,
 I remember that, the soundman, Ron,
 he didn't like foreign food and he'd got all these tins
 of canned food.
 We end up on a dow, you know, just very, very basic.
 There's no cabins in there.
 You all sleep on deck together.
 - That boat, sorry, a dow.
 - Yes, a dow.
 So it's a big, the old sailing boat.
 So they use around the African coast
 and on the Gulf, Persian Gulf and all that.
 So we got on the thing and, you know,
 comes to the evening and the guys
 are all fishermen from India, very, you know, not wealthy at all.
 And so we get our food out and they get their food out.
 And the first thing that gets out is a tuna
 from Sainsbury and it sort of comes out of the can,
 like a sort of oily mass.
 It goes boi oil and goes onto the plate
 and sort of wobbles there and it's sweating slightly.
 (laughing)
 I said, right, we're going to have that.
 And these guys, these wonderful guys are,
 the fishermen said, you know, please,
 I could see that some of us didn't really know that is.
 We're making a curry, we'll share it with you.
 And they did.
 And from then on, we always had what they had.
 You know, the tins were put to one side.
 - Yeah.
 - Did Ron stay with the tins?
 - Ron, you know, Ron, we threw him overboard.
 (laughing)
 The tins strapped him, maybe sank immediately.
 (laughing)
 - I noticed, Michael, in your book,
 that Venezuela is your 100th country
 that you have visited.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - More or less, or you think that's--
 - No, I think that's right.
 I'm a bit of a list nerd and I kept a list.
 - So you've kept a list?
 'Cause that's what I was gonna ask.
 You can now do a top 100 of countries of the world
 that you've visited.
 So where does Venezuela just off the top of your head?
 Where does that rank?
 - I was thinking about 93, really.
 (laughing)
 I'm full of positive thoughts about Venezuela at the moment.
 Oh, sorry, I see what you mean, sorry.
 - Yeah, no, try it.
 - Three.
 - Three or nine.
 - Wow, okay.
 - Yeah, sorry, math is good, that's trying to do it.
 - Yeah, so there was an interesting point
 about the airport when you arrived,
 which is, I wondered if you were aware of this.
 This might have stopped now, but you were paying tax
 in the airport and one of the taxes that you would pay
 were for the air you were literally breathing.
 Because they tax the air, it's a ventilation system
 that they have and they say we're providing clean air.
 - Oh, just so far and as I guess.
 - Yeah, I'm guessing so.
 - Must be, yeah.
 - Just in the airport, it's not a whole country.
 - No, just now.
 - You go, breathe in, and don't breathe out for three weeks, okay?
 You save a lot of money.
 (laughing)
 - Because they did have the world record
 for the lowest petrol price in 2016.
 Wow, I was trying to look at some other records
 that Venezuela have had.
 It was one cent per litre.
 And at the time, the price in the UK was 110.7 pounds per litre.
 I was trying to work out if I could do some kind of business
 where I offset the price of the flight, but it feels like
 you're going to run into some legal difficulties, I think.
 You can try and bring it back in hand luggage or whatever.
 - Well, they've got a lot of,
 we need to rush this episode out basically
 before America invades.
 So one of the things that Venezuela has is a lot of oil.
 But it's not really used to supply a lot more
 to the global market, I think it provides less now.
 - Well, it's just sanctions.
 - Sanctions also, oil price sort of fell.
 So other countries are producing a lot more oil.
 But I mean, there is more oil still in the ground
 in Venezuela than any other country.
 - They're not just ringing out oil birds.
 - No, that's not the oil birds.
 - Very pleased, you know, they're not needed.
 - I found a couple of records that have held as well
 in Venezuela.
 This is Guinness World Records.
 The living person with the largest feet.
 - Oh, really?
 - Yes.
 - The bike foot measures at 40.55 centimeters
 and the left foot at 40.47 centimeters.
 - Now Dan, do you Google Bigfoot Venezuelan?
 (laughing)
 - Now these are their own feet.
 It's not someone just has two extraordinary large feet
 which is beneficial.
 - Yeah, no, it's one person with one foot.
 - I read an interview with this guy.
 And he said that he realized he had big feet
 when he and his friends would often compare their foot sizes
 and he would come out on top each time.
 - I was like, what are his legs doing?
 Charlie's always gonna be him, but we're not like,
 - Unless they're clowns and they're just naturally
 an oversized shoes.
 - That's good.
 - You can't tell.
 But does he do something for a living that's foot,
 I don't know what advantage he would.
 - Not reach.
 - Yeah foot.
 - What is it?
 What do you do if you've got very, very large feet?
 - Real life, Monty Python opening credits.
 (laughing)
 - Yeah, that's true.
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, it is now time for fact number two
 and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that in 1949,
 the BBC issued a company-wide ban
 on making any rude jokes about solicitors, chambermaids,
 and one very specific Irishman called Mr. McGillicutty.
 - Wow.
 - This is one guy.
 - Yeah.
 - Well, it's so funny about him.
 - There was people who continued to make jokes
 about this man, Ross McGillicutty of the reeks.
 - Of the reeks, yes, McGillicutty's reeks.
 - I've heard of that.
 - Well, there you go.
 And I imagine there was fun to be had.
 - It is quite a funny name, isn't it?
 - Yeah, I found that.
 - He got a big comedian.
 - Oh, he got that.
 - So what had happened was there was a comment
 called Leonard Henry, not Lenny Henry, Leonard Henry.
 And he'd found the name of McGillicutty of the reeks
 in an atlas and bought it was a place
 and then turned it into a comedy person.
 And then this person who really existed said,
 well, I never gave you permission to use my name
 and the BBC had to apologize.
 - Yeah.
 - And there's still a McGillicutty of the reeks
 to this day.
 - Yeah.
 - So this title and the reeks is I think a range of,
 it's an ancestral territory in County Kerry.
 So there's a range of mountains, which is called the reeks.
 And the last evidence I have found
 of the current McGillicutty of the reeks
 is him writing to the daily telegraph in 2017
 about the price of stamps.
 He's about 85 now.
 And I believe he looks after the earnham herd of cattle.
 That's the latest news on the McGillicutty of the reeks.
 - Have you ever laughed at someone like that?
 - He's a serious man.
 Does he have any administrative powers?
 I mean, does he like a sheriff or something like that at all?
 - He might do, 'cause it's sort of honoree.
 It's an honoree thing.
 You're sort of a chief of family.
 Chief of the name is the term that gets used.
 And this like senior McGillicutty of the 1930s and 40s
 was a big deal.
 You know, he was an officer of the British Army.
 He was an Irish senator.
 He was, you know, all sorts of serious.
 And he just objected very strongly
 to being choked about.
 - He did try.
 - He complained.
 The BBC said, come on, it's never a place.
 - Yeah.
 - Come on.
 - It's a joke.
 - Just reeks of envy for me.
 - Yeah.
 - But then he said that he'd never appeared or contemplated
 appearing before the public for their amusement.
 - Okay.
 - So you must apologize immediately.
 - Right.
 - The music haved.
 - They did.
 And they produced this thing called the Green Book,
 unofficially called the Green Book.
 It was a pamphlet that was sent internally.
 And it was largely sent to people kind of like Spike Milligan
 and comedians of that ilk who were writing topical,
 not topical shows necessarily,
 but shows that were going out live weekly.
 And so it came with a long list of things, jokes about lavatories,
 immorality of any kind.
 You couldn't make any suggestive references to honeymoon couples,
 fig leaves, ladies underwear, baskets.
 Because baskets could be used as a new endo in sexual relation.
 You could, if you, a nicely placed basket
 in a sentence could suggest sex.
 - What?
 - Yeah, it was used as a replacement word, let's say.
 - I'm sure Shakespeare used baskets of China.
 He must have seen it.
 - He must have seen it.
 It must have been a hot bag.
 (laughing)
 - Did you ever come across the censors yourselves, Michael?
 - Yeah, we had some censorship on Python.
 - Yeah.
 - What did they object to?
 - Were they objected to the word masturbation?
 - Oh yeah.
 - What is this?
 - I'll give you the context, you know what I'm saying?
 So you're just gonna, if you just come out and say,
 "Oh, we love the later sketch, Michael."
 - No, no, we're not sure, we're sorry.
 - It was cut out of the power sketch.
 It was not interested in masturbation.
 (laughing)
 No, the context was we did a sort of northern quiz show,
 sort of an onstage thing where people came on stage.
 And it was a, it was a thing, I said, I didn't,
 but people had to sum up, proofs.
 - It was, it was officially called
 the all-England summarized proofs competition.
 - The all-England proofs competition.
 So they had 15 seconds to summarize proofs.
 Anyway, the ones that comes up,
 and they get a little cheery,
 will frid pickles, oh, hello, how are you?
 What are your hobbies?
 And this man's hobbies are strangling animals,
 golf and masturbation.
 (laughing)
 It was a huge laugh.
 And anyway, very quickly, the sketch itself.
 This one, my favorite bits, because, all right,
 you've got 15 seconds now.
 Summarize proofs in this master work,
 and all the various volumes of proofs
 were on the sort of thermometer.
 (laughing)
 So he goes, oh, yeah, oh, ah, did it,
 that on verb, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah,
 swan comes along, swan comes along, swan comes,
 and bings, but the, the BBC said you can't,
 they reviewed the tape and said you can't say masturbating.
 And so you'll have to cut it out.
 And in those days, we recorded on tape,
 so you had to physically cut the tape.
 So our director said he cut the thing out,
 the word masturbating, but he left the gap,
 which is brilliant, so you hear, what are your hobbies?
 Strung the animals, golf, huge laugh.
 (laughing)
 Never has golf got a laugh, absolutely colossal laugh.
 And that's a good summary of the life of proofs
 from what I remember.
 - Probably.
 - He spent, I mean, he was in his bedroom for a lot of time.
 - Very true. - He was.
 - He was, I think he was putting pins in mice or something,
 wasn't he when he was a kid?
 - Was it?
 - I think so.
 - I've never heard of him playing golf,
 and I would know if proofs play golf, I would know that.
 - I love the shame.
 - I love that there's a great story in your diaries,
 the Python years, the first diaries,
 which is that you had obviously the most famous story
 of censorship and banning in comedy history, life of Brian,
 and all the things that you guys had to do
 in order to say that this wasn't an attack on religion.
 It was, you know, Jesus is not being mocked
 and it was the big thing, right?
 And you got banned in places like Norway,
 and in the diary, you point out that in Sweden,
 the posters read so funny, it was banned in Norway.
 - Yeah, I just think that's fantastic.
 - Yeah.
 - And you, because it was a great moment,
 'cause it did get banned in a lot of places
 from cinema altogether,
 and one of those places was in Wales,
 and that was overturned by the mayor,
 Sue Jones Davies, who happened to be in the life of Brian.
 - She was Brian's girlfriend,
 skipping around naked.
 - Oh yeah.
 - She was the revolutionary leader.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - So she suddenly becomes mayor of Aberystwyth,
 and for one night, she says,
 "I'm going to overturn the ban."
 And Terry and myself and her went to the local Odin
 in Aberystwyth, with arms, links,
 like, you know, we were all in the sort of,
 tell them a much, or something like that.
 We saw one night of life in Brian.
 I think it was banned in the night after that, yeah.
 - I was looking at a few songs
 that maybe should have been banned,
 'cause the BBC had a lot of rules about songs as well.
 - Yeah.
 - So they banned things like,
 "My Generation," by the who?
 - Really?
 - '60s classic, that was banned.
 Not because of any profanity.
 It was banned because it has a stammer.
 - A stammer?
 - I was mad.
 - I really liked it.
 - People put, you know, that it's--
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - Yeah, and that was just that people with a stammer
 will find that offensive.
 - That's interesting.
 - Space Audity by David Bowie was banned
 because it was, I think it was banned
 until Neil Armstrong had safely got back to Earth.
 - Oh, really?
 - It out.
 - Okay, yeah, I'm stronger than Collins,
 because they thought, oh, it's a bit sensationalist.
 - Oh, really?
 - Yeah.
 - Very clear, he's stuck in a tin can, of course, right?
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - Yeah, that makes sense.
 But there's this whole, there's this whole genre of songs
 called "Dirty Blues" from the '20s and '30s,
 which are all sort of, they're all black singers,
 many women, but the lyrics and the song titles
 are so extraordinarily rude.
 I can't believe the songs are released, basically.
 So I just want to give you a few of them.
 - Yeah, for it.
 - Please warm my weenah.
 I mean, that's the single "On Tundra" it's basically.
 - Yeah, they're really popular, but get 'em
 from the peanut man, brackets, hot nuts.
 - Yeah.
 - Lil Johnson was one of the women singing these.
 Let me roll your lemon.
 Sort of just about the "Dubel on Tundra."
 My stove is in good condition.
 - It's good.
 - Any news of her basket?
 - Anybody want to buy my cabbage?
 - That's not rude.
 - Well, the way she sings it is, sorry.
 - It sounds like sort of Gordon Ramsay's songbook, really.
 (all laughing)
 Margaret Carter, they were actually their loads of cooking ones.
 So Margaret Carter had, I want plenty grease in my frying pan
 and meant this mini had, I'm selling my pork chops,
 but I'm giving my gravy away,
 which has lost me completely.
 - Is that like my milkshake brings other bites to the yard?
 - I think it is, but with more pork.
 - I think it's sort of, yeah.
 More sex took place in the kitchen than anywhere else.
 - That sounds like it.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - Do you know who's was the first song band
 from the BBC at somebody you've all heard of?
 - So. - Okay.
 - 1933.
 - 1933.
 - Adolf Hitler.
 - With his...
 (all laughing)
 - Is that called "Chancellor's Waltz"?
 - 33.
 - So we've all heard of.
 Some of you've all heard of.
 Someone from my part of the world.
 - George. - George Foreman.
 - I was about to say George Foreman.
 - George Foreman. - George Foreman.
 - George Foreman, yeah. - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - His song with my little ukulele in hand was banned,
 but he was a real double entendre.
 - Yes, and lovely. - Yeah, yeah.
 - Like one of his songs, "My Little Stick of Black Poor Rock"
 goes, "It may be sticky, but I never complain.
 It's nice to have a nibble of it now and again."
 (all laughing)
 - So. - That is sort of...
 - The role of double entendre is all the way for me.
 - Very interesting.
 - There was a number one hit in the UK,
 which was a very famous song, "Jetem."
 - Oh, yeah. - So Jamesburg, Jamesburg, again.
 That was banned as well.
 I read this in the monkey diaries.
 Jane Berkins diaries, other diaries are available.
 (all laughing)
 The problem that they had was it got too popular.
 It got so popular that it made it to number one.
 And so in order to be able to play it within the charts,
 they had to get an orchestral version of it
 and just play it completely without any voice
 at all.
 'Cause it wasn't even the lyrics, it was the moaning.
 - Yes, exactly. - That was the big problem of the song.
 - It was a breathing, wasn't it?
 - Yeah. - Yeah.
 - And all these, my generation, all this,
 this is why Radio Caroline became a big thing.
 - Was that pirate?
 - Offshore pirate radio, because no one was playing
 any of these songs.
 Yeah, I've got one last one, which I find pretty amazing,
 which is King Charles.
 I didn't realize he was part of the reviews
 in Cambridge when he was there.
 He did footlight smokers and he was part of them.
 What does that mean, so?
 - So people--
 - People on stage, you do sort of funny things, don't you?
 - Yeah, exactly, it's comedy stuff.
 - It's comedy stuff.
 - It's comedy, yeah, yeah, it's a smoker.
 - Smoking room, yeah.
 - You and Terry Jones were in Oxford,
 but Eric Idol and John Cleese and Graham Chapman
 would have been part of the Cambridge Footlight,
 Breon the Fringe, all that.
 And so he was part of the Cambridge Footlights.
 And there's a story that goes that they were not allowed
 to make fun of him or his family
 while he was part of the footlights, which is pretty amazing.
 And he did a few reviews, he was on stage quite a lot.
 - Yeah, he was in the magic circle as well, wasn't he?
 - Really?
 - When he was Prince Charles, yeah.
 Well, you guys with me when I didn't
 horror the magic circle, I can't remember who was there.
 - We weren't allowed it.
 - Well, we went there and they told us about when,
 'cause you have to do a trick to get into the magic circle
 and he did the balls trick like the cups and balls.
 Apparently, not the best person who's ever done it,
 but they decided that it was good enough
 for him to join the magic circle.
 - The edge of the throne.
 - Yeah, I'm sorry, come again next week.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - I can make your head disappear, actually.
 (laughing)
 - So he took part in two reviews.
 One was called Revolution with a U instead of the U
 in the middle and quietly flows the Don.
 And so you weren't allowed to make any jokes about him
 or royalty, but also the first play got in a bit of trouble
 in 1969 because they were putting it on a Sunday
 and the Lord's Day observant society got in touch
 and said, "Absolutely not."
 So it's basically a society looking out
 for anything going on on a Sunday that shouldn't be.
 - And I'd rather think about them
 as they can only work on Sundays.
 (laughing)
 - Can't do anything on a Saturday like this, exactly.
 - Yeah, but yeah, apparently it was quite odd
 because when he was on stage, they would sell tickets
 to the smokers, as they were called,
 the performances that you could go to.
 And they would field in calls from Japan saying,
 "How many tickets are available?
 "We have a full plane load of tourists
 "who are ready to fly over to see the prints and performance."
 - Well, there we are.
 He's still performing, isn't he really?
 - Yeah, he is.
 - And he's what he learned for the footlights.
 Probably very useful for public life, you know.
 - And the magic circle he made prints Andrew disappear?
 - Yes.
 (laughing)
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, there's time for fact number three,
 and that is Andy.
 My fact is, the rescue team who tried to find
 the Lost Franklin Expedition did so
 with rockets, kites, flashing lights, gunshots, horns,
 drums, and by putting collars on Arctic foxes.
 - Hmm, wow.
 - It didn't work, we should say.
 - And that's sad.
 - Well, the collars, was this before
 they had some radio equipment?
 So I mean, you just put the collars on,
 there was no recording device.
 - Yeah, 100%.
 - 100%. - So what they did?
 - This is in the 1840s and '50s.
 This expedition, which you've written about Michael,
 went north over Canada.
 They were trying to find a shorter route through the Arctic
 because that will be amazing for shipping.
 There's fabled things called the Northwest Passage,
 and it would cut thousands of miles.
 - So this is before the Panama Canal, right?
 - Yes, it is.
 - So they previously had to go all the way down South America.
 - Exactly, and it's just a very, very long route
 to sail from Europe to Asia, basically.
 So if you could find the Northwest Passage,
 it would be a huge boon to mankind.
 And this expedition went out, the Franklin expedition,
 two ships, terror and aerobus.
 They went missing, and a lot of search parties went out for them.
 And some sources estimate more than 30 search missions went out.
 - And one of them.
 - Mostly financed by his wife.
 - Yeah, absolutely, yeah.
 - And he determined that she could find him
 and everyone was saying, "No, it's too late now, he's dead."
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 And one of them decided to put collars on foxes,
 Arctic foxes, wild fox cubs,
 which had the coordinates of where they were,
 saying, "We are looking for you.
 This is where we are based."
 And they just released the foxes into the wilds.
 And it was clever, it didn't work.
 I mean, the foxes, I imagine,
 - It's the survivors.
 (laughing)
 - Normally they're there to read them.
 - No, exactly, they're all inew it.
 So they wouldn't say, "What does this mean?"
 - Yeah, so read that.
 - It's simply did not work.
 - That's a fascinating fact.
 - So they did some very strange things at that time.
 It was a kind of hysteria to try and find him
 and a refusal to admit that they might be dead.
 Because they basically completely got it wrong.
 The whole expedition was given enormous amounts of money.
 They had lots of wine on board and libraries
 and all that sort of thing.
 And they just took a wrong turn and got stuck down
 a sort of fairly narrow stretch of water
 where it was quite an extreme winter then.
 And that froze and they were stuck.
 So yeah, thank all the wines.
 So when the spring comes, it's a melt and they go off,
 the spring didn't melt.
 There was two or three years of the worst
 and the coldest winters up in the Northwest Passage.
 So basically, we just stuck there for about two years,
 ran out of food, went out trying to get the trade
 with the inew it, but they didn't do that very well.
 Because no one had actually done the research
 and saying, "Well, how do we speak to inew it?"
 The people who lived there.
 So when it came to wanting to be helped by those people,
 they couldn't do it.
 Whereas later, Amundsen or something like that
 was very much a sort of, you know,
 the ground you're on sort of traveler.
 He always knew what to ask the local people, right?
 So it was a bit arrogant really.
 So frankly, next.
 Well, were they a bit unlucky with the weather,
 like if they'd gone a few years later?
 Yeah, I mean, I think it was these two very, very cold winters.
 But they'd also, you know, they've gone a slightly different route
 and not gone down.
 They took like a shortcut, and then it got trapped.
 And the ice is always stronger when you've got the confined space.
 So if they've gone a bit further ahead,
 where there's more open water, they might have got through.
 The absolute disappointment of the ice
 not melting that spring must have been.
 Yeah, must be near the spring now.
 Yeah, yeah.
 So you wrote a brilliant book about aerobus,
 and you went and visited a lot of these places as well.
 I mean, it's pretty fascinating
 that it was lost for so long only found in 2014.
 Yeah.
 I mean, that's remarkable.
 Well, the end of it at the time in the late 19th century,
 people went out there, said they had seen a ship,
 or the master of a ship, they knew exactly where it was.
 But there was sort of, because they only had an oral tradition,
 didn't write things down.
 People thought, oh, wow, they're just saying that.
 And they didn't find it up.
 And in the end, aerobus was found almost exactly
 where they had said a hundred and a hundred years
 with their local residents was just going on.
 Frayed so, yeah.
 It's a real sort of imperial sort of attitude you have.
 No, no, you don't know.
 There's just, you just lived here for 500 years.
 Yeah, we know.
 I think we, the 31st Expedition.
 Yeah, we wanted to find them without any help from you guys.
 Thank you.
 Colin Wolfson, you go.
 Oh, I should say where I saw the,
 I've seen one of these collars in the flesh.
 It's so exciting.
 Oh, wow.
 It's a few of us.
 With words on it.
 Yeah.
 And the coordinates.
 Behind the scenes at the Royal Geographical Society,
 which I believe you've been president.
 I was president for three years.
 Yeah.
 And they have, in the back rooms,
 they have these amazing collections of extraordinary stuff,
 because it was founded in 1830 and basically contributed
 to founding geography as a discipline.
 Geography is a much newer area of study than many others.
 So it's an incredible place.
 And they've got these collars there as amazing to say.
 Very cool.
 The thing is, which is quite interesting,
 I think one of the many attempts to find out where they were,
 was a ship called HMS Resolution.
 That was about sort of five of us out there left.
 And the desk from the captain's cabin,
 the HMS Resolution, is the desk in the White House?
 Oh, really?
 It's in the White House offices.
 I have heard it called the Resolution desk.
 I have not found what that came from the search for Franklin.
 Isn't Trump just trying to turn that into a solid gold desk?
 It will be easier if he's guilty in that right now.
 Yeah.
 And I read that they took 8,000 tins of food for the voyage.
 Sounds like Ron.
 Exactly.
 You're Ron, mate.
 You're a ship, haven't you?
 Yeah.
 And nobody, Tino.
 Oh, come on.
 We could ask the locals, no, no.
 And 7,088 pounds of tobacco, which, according to my calculation,
 in today's money would be enough for three million cigarettes.
 Yeah.
 Which really, really, enough, wouldn't it?
 But yeah, I think a lot of people thought
 that the tins were the problem.
 Right.
 So a lot of the men went away from the ship,
 maybe to try and find the way off somewhere.
 But they walked away with the load of stuff they wouldn't really need,
 like button polish and curtain rods, sort of writing desk and stuff.
 Time to try and get it.
 Yeah, exactly.
 And people thought, well, maybe they went mad.
 And I think now we do think that there was some lead poisoning.
 And for a long time, they thought it was the tins of food,
 because they were soldered with lead.
 Now, I think we're not quite so sure it might have been
 because the pipes in the boat had lead in them.
 Because the levels of lead were so high
 that it couldn't just be bleached from the tins.
 How interesting.
 It was about 150 men in total.
 129, I believe.
 OK, right.
 Like, all hands on both ships, not one of them survived.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Is this right, Michael?
 I read this, and it sounded too wild to be true to me.
 But is it the case that when you went out looking and writing the book
 that there's bits where in the snow,
 their footprints are sort of fossilized
 that you can see them in the ground?
 I don't know.
 I mean, you can see there are graves,
 the first people who died.
 Right.
 I'm not sure about the fossil.
 OK, yeah, it felt weird.
 Yeah, I mean, that's why I'm a fossil.
 Yeah, but unless it was that Fener's Wailing guy with a massive--
 [LAUGHTER]
 --he had no map, you 24 yards across.
 We died of large feet.
 I'm able to cut his turn, then.
 So I mean, it's a lumberjack's to get in there.
 But they did find a lot of very well-preserved bodies, I believe.
 And I don't know if they are.
 I think they must have been dug up.
 But bodies were found in 1984, incredibly well-preserved.
 And you could see they had blue eyes.
 So there was a crew member called John Torrington,
 who was found 138 years after he died.
 But he was put on people magazine's list
 of the most intriguing people of 1984.
 Really?
 Yeah, yeah, wow.
 Bit of a post-industrial recognition, which I suppose is nice.
 But you are on ice.
 You know, that's what they say about like places like Everest.
 Cryogenics and situation.
 When they found Mallory's body, Mallory's body
 was just still Mallory's body.
 It was there.
 But they didn't get that many.
 Not many of that many were brought back, actually.
 We should say Lady Franklin as well.
 Yeah.
 So John Franklin was the commander of the whole mission, wasn't he?
 Yeah, exactly, yeah.
 And I think there were questions about whether he was suitable,
 whether he was the best man to draw--
 Absolutely.
 For a start, Franklin wasn't the first person
 they wanted to lead it.
 They wanted James Clark Ross to lead it,
 because he had extraordinary success in Antarctica in 1841
 and stood on places that no human being had ever been before.
 But he didn't want to do it, quite rightly.
 And so they got Franklin, because he was quite old at the time.
 He was nearly 60.
 But he ever liked him.
 He was all right.
 He was pretty intellectual.
 And I spoke to everybody.
 Yeah, I want to do it.
 And his wife was very dynamic.
 Must have pushed him forward and said,
 "My husband's available."
 And here he is.
 John, come in.
 [LAUGHTER]
 On the other hand, I read that James Ross, one of the reasons
 he declined this, because he promised his wife
 that he wouldn't go to any more polar expedition.
 Yes.
 So it's all we're blaming the wives for the whole thing of this.
 That's such a great detail.
 Yeah.
 No, I promise my wife that we'll have to go get it.
 If he's just done four years, you know, the Antarctic.
 It's reasonable.
 Where are you going?
 Just to enjoy the Antarctic.
 Lady Franklin was very smitten with James Clarke Ross.
 Oh, sort of dashing character.
 Really?
 Tall, yeah, yeah.
 That's why the wife didn't want him at all.
 Yeah, yeah.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Actually, it doesn't say that it was his wife
 who didn't want him to go around.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Wow.
 That's really interesting.
 So James Clarke Ross led one of the expeditions.
 And that was the one that put the collars on the foxes.
 Really?
 Yeah, yeah.
 And Lady Franklin did all the lobbying, didn't she?
 She said, we must send our search parties.
 It's quite moving.
 She wrote him letters for eight years after he departed.
 And you know, the large majority of that time
 he would have died.
 No one knew, for sure.
 But what would happen to those letters?
 Would they just be kept in her house?
 Or would she post them and send it to Canada maybe?
 She would have had them indexed and looked after well.
 Yeah, she had an assistant, a woman who worked with her.
 And they organized the whole sort of rescue business
 down to the last detail.
 So the letters, I'm sure, everything that she'd written
 would be kept.
 That's the other thing, right?
 Where they were going, there was no post box right.
 So they didn't take a post box with them.
 They should have done it in the true Imperial spirit.
 We're going to put the first post box in the North.
 I can imagine a postman coming to collect those
 definitely wearing shorts.
 No collection on Sunday.
 Well, the Lord's Day Observant Society have been in touch.
 OK, it's time for our final fact of the show.
 And that is James.
 OK, my fact this week is that in Bologna,
 there is a word, um, a role, which describes
 a grumpy pensioner who stands with his hands behind his back,
 complaining about road works.
 The dream.
 The dream for me, dream life.
 We'll all end up there eventually handy.
 You were a lot earlier than others, I'm sure.
 Andy's there, I'm there.
 So this is a term that was coined in 2005 by a writer
 called Danilo Masotti.
 And he had noticed that there was a lot of people
 doing this in Bologna.
 And they've decided that it's going to be a thing
 and they've really embraced it.
 And now if you go to Bologna and they do road works,
 the people who are doing the work will talk to the umorals.
 When they finish some works, they'll
 put a sign up saying where they're going
 to be next week so that the umorals can go and see them.
 Wonderful.
 And they was a very good way of institutionalizing grumpy
 pensioner.
 Go ahead and deal with it.
 And there was a Burger King advert in 2016
 about these guys. And in 2021, the word entered
 the official Italian dictionary.
 Incredible.
 So this is a real proper thing now.
 Isn't the umorals sounds really nice?
 It sounds like a laxative, to be honest.
 No, it's a very glamorous term for grumpy old men.
 Yeah, but also it doesn't sound very Italian, I think.
 Umoral.
 Umorale.
 Umorale.
 Umorale.
 I think it's the way you pronounce it.
 Yeah, but he's a, it comes from a Bologna
 like regional dialects word, meaning little guy.
 So is it, are they annoying to the builders?
 Are they looking through the fence?
 And they're saying, I wouldn't put it there if I,
 I wouldn't put that R.S.J. there if I were you.
 I think it all depends on the attitude of the builders.
 OK.
 I think some of the builders embrace it and like them.
 And it's someone to chat to and, you know, they use the knowledge
 of people who have maybe done this job before or know about it.
 And then there are other builders who go off my building site.
 Yeah, a lot of these guys will be retired.
 Yeah, no, no, no, don't put it through to Houston.
 Oh, all right, we've made the tunnels.
 Well, you should have asked us, asked us, yeah.
 I just think a lot of these guys are going to be retired solicitors
 or people who are not, oh, yeah, builders.
 There's a lot of people who thought that they kind of stand
 with their eyes and their backs.
 You know, yeah, yeah, yeah, like a, like a sort of, that's a costume.
 In, uh, Villa Santa, which is near Monza in the north of Italy.
 Um, they have officially used these umorals.
 And the local government have spoken to them and said, right,
 you can stand next to this bit of world works and let us know
 if anything's wrong.
 So they're like professional umorals.
 All right, the government, the snitches as well.
 Basically, and that's true.
 I'd think of it like that, but I found a line.
 You can get a 3D printed model of an umoral, uh, for your desk.
 And the idea is you just pop him here and he will look there and work
 for your doing.
 Yeah, and brilliant idea.
 You'll get a lot more done because you're so frightened that he's going to complain.
 It's just, it's lovely.
 Yeah, I feel like I would very happily, even if, because I don't speak the language,
 just listen to a live stream of just the old man.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 And I think the theory is a lot of these guys, well, they're all retarded.
 Yeah.
 And I think part of the theory is their wives do not want them around the household day.
 So very much like Lady Franklin, they've said,
 "Why don't you pop out and discopital for passage?"
 And quite often what they'll do is they'll go in the morning,
 have their cappuccino, sit around, chat about the football scores or whatever.
 But then once it comes to mid-morning, what do you do then, right?
 Ah, going to a lot of work's happening.
 So you go and touch.
 They sort of sound a bit like superannuated train spotters, really.
 Yeah.
 Rather than glamorous and Italian way, you know?
 They wouldn't be nerdy.
 Train spotters, Italian, sort of, had seen all the Fellini movies.
 I do really hope that you're just mentioning Franklin
 that there were a group of innuit old men just standing around the air of us.
 I won't go down that.
 I won't go down that.
 Yeah, you're going down that body of water.
 Sorry, mate, back up.
 Michael, you're doing a live show at the moment.
 And one of the themes is aging disgracefully, right?
 As part of a--
 Yeah, yeah.
 Is that sort of this?
 Yes.
 Does that appeal, the idea of humoral, to be--
 Yeah, I mean, I'd like to be a bit more active.
 But I think you just keep going.
 And there's two ways of approaching age one is to sit in a chair.
 And the others become fanatically busy.
 And just say, I just got to have things to do all the time.
 So I couldn't, you know, otherwise it's completely boring.
 But some people choose one, some people choose the other.
 There's another term that I really like.
 The window side tribe, they're known as in Japan.
 And it means an employee who at work is quite old.
 And they can't really get them to do what they used to do.
 So they sort of sideline them.
 They just give them a desk by the window.
 And they don't really do anything anymore.
 So it's apparently the biggest dream, yeah.
 It's quite big in Japan.
 They just, rather than firing or retiring someone,
 they just take away all their responsibilities,
 put them by the window and just say,
 "All right, just keep going."
 That's called "execitive producer" that you beat yourself.
 But it's true that most other countries
 have a more enlightened attitude to aging.
 They think it's valuable that people get older.
 I mean most tribal societies, you're the top man.
 If you argue, the more you know,
 the more experience you can pass on to others.
 So I'm the idea of care homes here.
 It's quite sad, really.
 Yeah, I quite like, you know,
 getting involved in a heist, for example,
 in your older years.
 The fascinating story from a few years ago
 that the greatest, largest burglary in English history
 was committed by people in their 70s.
 The oldest guy was 76.
 That's the hat I'm talking about.
 Was the hat in 2001, which is just pretty astonishing.
 They went down an elevator shaft.
 They drilled through.
 They stole millions of pounds worth of stuff.
 I didn't know they were that old.
 They had a combined age of 500.
 They just, oh, bloke from the pub, you know.
 Let's go out and do it for real.
 Yeah, and they had a history of having done
 quite a few heists in the past over a long career.
 But they'd been scripted by Richard Osmond.
 It just feels like quite so.
 It just splashed.
 One of them got to the high.
 So I'm a boss using his pensioners past.
 Like it was, ironically, his freedom pass.
 Yes, yes.
 Yeah.
 But then what do you do with the money, really?
 Well, we never want to find out, because I've got less of your life
 to, you know, going up a few years to spend it.
 Some of it still missing, isn't it?
 I think it is quite a lot of it, really.
 So, and they're all going to come out at some stage.
 We need to look for a care home that has installed, you know.
 Gold tax.
 Gold tax, Vegas style fountain.
 That would be it.
 It's called the Trump home.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Well, there's one mystery man still missing who's called Bazzle.
 And there's a £20,000 reward on his head.
 Did you find in the course of this, the word gongusula?
 No, it's basically the British umeral.
 It's someone who stands and watches activity on a canal, quite specifically.
 Is this voyeuristic or just finished?
 The canal activities that happen near me is basically graffiti.
 Yeah, taking drugs.
 Oh, really?
 I think hotbeds are vise.
 I didn't know that.
 Oh, well, I'm used to the Gentile Southern Kennet and Avon canals
 of places like that, where it's just simply watching a lot.
 Well, the least Liverpool I can tell you.
 Drug-free canal.
 Yeah.
 And loads of joy-riders on the least Liverpool canal.
 Going up four miles an hour.
 I was reading a little about Britain's self-styled dullest man.
 Because this is about standing around.
 Yeah.
 Anyway, I'm very proud to have been nominated.
 Oh, actually.
 I think he's called Kev.
 And he was featured in the Guardian a couple of years ago,
 because he's the man behind roundabouts of Redditch.
 Oh, a calendar, which did enormously well about 20 years ago
 and has led to a number of other works.
 You know, roundabouts of Great Britain, Carparks of Britain.
 Well, he's blown it, hasn't he?
 You know, he can't be dull if you've been in the Guardian.
 And you've got 12 books out.
 He's sort of, he sort of has.
 And he founded the Carpark Appreciation Society.
 Claims to be the only member, but I did have a look and tried to join.
 And I don't think it's a closed shop.
 I don't know, I'm not sure he's admitting.
 And he said, "My three ex-wives found me dull,
 not in the bedroom, but in every other part of the house."
 Hey, apparently there's been a study done by a professor in Brighton
 who says, "The people that you shouldn't listen to about longevity.
 There's one group of people you shouldn't listen to."
 Oh, I would guess centenarians.
 Yeah, people age 100 and more.
 Why?
 Their advice is just terrible.
 They're like, "I ate one boiled egg and nothing else
 for 70 years.
 It's always detail that has no relevance.
 What they have is probably very good genes.
 And they've managed to survive despite the vices that they've taken in.
 Despite upvice.
 And the cocaine that goes with it.
 Sorry, I forgot to add.
 I always find that the idea that people are 100 and 7.
 And they have, "Oh, I have three whiskies every night."
 I think that's great.
 Is this really true?
 I mean, is there anything that's kept me drinking whisky?
 No.
 And I've got to age you too.
 Oh!
 All right, well time to wrap up.
 Michael's died.
 Okay, that is it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things
 that we've said over the course of this podcast,
 we can all be found on our online social media accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland on Instagram.
 James.
 My Instagram is nosy's thing that's James Harkin.
 Andy.
 Mine is @AndruHunterRam.
 Michael, do you have one?
 Social media accounts of any kind?
 You've got a great website.
 I don't have a social media account.
 I don't think.
 It's what would it be, you know?
 Probably Michael Paylon.
 Yeah.
 Dalman.
 Dalman2.
 DalmanSeekswork.
 Yeah, but MichaelPaylon.com, I believe it is.
 If you go to your website,
 Venezuela is out now and hardback as a book.
 It's also a TV series that you can find that was on Channel 5.
 And if you want to get through to any of us on the show,
 podcast@ky.com, that's our email address.
 Send us a message there.
 Tell us extra facts about Venezuela,
 about ice creams you've tasted, all that stuff.
 And some of those messages are going to make their way
 to our bonus episode, Drop Us Align,
 which is where we read out all of your facts and emails.
 You can find that as part of Club Fish.
 That's our Secret Members Club.
 So just go to nosuchthingasafish.com.
 You'll find all the details there.
 And come back again next week
 'cause we'll be back with another episode.
 We will see you then.
 Goodbye.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
