 [Instrumental]
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming
 to you from four undisclosed locations in the UK.
 My name is Dan Schreiber and I am sitting here with Anna Tuginski, James Harkin, and Andrew
 Hunter Murray and once again we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite
 facts from the last seven days and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, and that's my fact, my fact this week is that early proposals
 for raising the Titanic back to the ocean's surface included filling it up with ping pong
 balls, injecting 180,000 tons of Vaseline into it, and turning the ship itself into an ice
 rig.
 What if another ship came along and then hit the Titanic?
 It'd be a great reveal if you did hit an iceberg and it cracked open and so it was the
 actual Titanic inside.
 Exactly.
 I mean, who's got enough ping pong balls to do the first one of these things?
 That is a large number of ping pong balls.
 Are these all entirely serious suggestions, I guess, is what I'm trying to say.
 Yeah, well to an extent they are, you know, they're not necessarily practical, but in
 most of the cases, we've seen that some of these methods work.
 So for example, the ping pong ball idea, that was actually used, not actual ping pong balls,
 but the premise of putting ping pong balls into a ship was used by a Danish engineer called
 Karl Kroyer, and back in 1964 there was a crash of a ship in the harbor in Kuwait city,
 and the ship went down 6,000 sheep were on it, and so they were going to block the ocean,
 and the problem is that the harbor is where they pump drinking water from for the city.
 So they needed to get the sheep out as quick as possible, and they needed to get the ship
 up in one piece.
 So this guy, Karl Kroyer, had the idea of filling it with ping pong balls and idea which
 he got from an old Disney comic strip of Donald Duck and how he salvaged the ship by pumping
 it full of ping pong balls and it raising, and he developed these sort of new ping pong
 balls that were sort of a lot smaller sort of pearl size, and they did it.
 They successfully raised the ship.
 That's not a ping pong ball.
 If it's size, if it's that small, it's not a ping pong ball anymore, because I'd love
 to see you try and play ping pong with one of those.
 But no, so, but this guy raised a bunch of ships using this method, and he tried to patent
 it, but the patent was rejected because they said the idea comes from Donald Duck.
 He's the original holder of this idea, yeah, because it was in a cartoon, so they refused
 him the patent.
 Flash forward to modern times, the Mythbusters TV show successfully raised a ship using ping
 pong balls.
 The ship was called the myth-tannic, too, and they pumped 27,000 ping pong balls into it,
 and it brought the boat back to the surface, so they claim it's plausible.
 It's not a busted idea that Donald Duck could raise a ship with ping pong balls.
 So we're saying that the Titanic thing is feasible, is that what you're saying?
 Not really, because when you get that low, the ping pong balls would be crushed, they'd
 be decimated before they even got to the bottom.
 Oh, yeah, because of the pressure.
 Exactly, so that's where it's not practical.
 However, the idea of lifting a ship is practical.
 Cool.
 What's with the ping pong balls?
 Is it just that their flotation device is, so it's like having a really weird looking
 life jacket.
 Yeah, exactly.
 That's exactly it.
 Yeah, they flot it.
 That's why you never see ping pong players being lost at sea, just doesn't happen, because
 they always keep a few in the pocket just in case they're angry.
 And you can use the bat as an all once you get to the surface and get yourself to safety.
 There was a proposal to use dynamite to get the ship back up.
 Well, there was a proposal to blow it up with dynamite five days after it sank.
 Was that an idea that was come up with by Wiley Coyote?
 Yes, because Donald Duck is coming up with ideas.
 So, this was genuinely five days after it sank, still April 1912, Vincent Astor, who was
 the son of John Jacob Astor, the richest man on board the Titanic.
 His father had been lost on the Titanic, and he said, "We should just drop a powerful
 explosive to recover the bodies to dislodge the bodies from the ship."
 Number of problems with this, firstly, knowing you exactly where the ship was, it turns
 out that it's in two pieces, 600 metres apart.
 And he was only deterred from this project when people said that the extreme pressure would
 have compressed all the passengers on board so they were jelly.
 So you wouldn't get the bodies of your loved ones back, you would just get a kind of jelly.
 That actually turns out to be wrong, but...
 Oh, really?
 The people did not turn into jelly, right?
 Well, I think that the water down there is really low in calcium, and so your bones kind
 of dissolve.
 I think I read that.
 Oh, right.
 Okay.
 I think.
 So let's look at some of the other ideas that they had done.
 This thing about Vaseline, I looked at the website that you sent, which had all of these
 ideas on.
 And on the website, it says, "There is no proof that Vaseline can float."
 Yes.
 And the practical suggestion from this.
 There must be some evidence about whether Vaseline floats or not.
 That's what I thought, right?
 It must be because it's not beyond the realms of man to check, right?
 I don't have any Vaseline in my house, and I can't leave the house to buy some, so I don't
 have any evidence, and I googled it.
 And if you search, does Vaseline float or Vaseline doesn't float or Vaseline floats?
 There doesn't seem to be any answers on Google.
 So I actually still don't know whether Vaseline floats or not.
 I've got a tub of Vaseline in my home.
 Let's do it.
 Oh, it's another experiment.
 Oh, experiment time.
 You'll take a slither bathroom.
 Shall I go and get it?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Let's see.
 Hang on, hang on, hang on.
 We've become blue-peaser.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 And these back with some Vaseline.
 I'm back.
 Yep.
 If you got some water to go with that Vaseline.
 I've got some water.
 I'm just putting it, this is the stuff that MythBusters rejected, being not quite good
 enough to make the grade.
 Okay.
 So can you see this?
 So I've got it.
 I've got a little measuring jug of water.
 Like a Parachute jug.
 I'm just going to try the whole tub of Vaseline.
 All right.
 The whole tub floats, but it's mostly air.
 So that proves nothing.
 But what you could do is get up maybe 100,000 of them and treat them like ping pong balls.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 I'm just going to scoop out a little knob of Vaseline.
 Okay.
 I'm dropping it in three, two, one.
 It floats.
 It floats.
 There we go.
 That's one of life's great mysteries.
 I'm looking.
 You're trying to make it not float and it keeps floating.
 Yeah.
 So your finger, your finger's the Titanic.
 Look.
 You're airborne.
 Look how good it is.
 What an underwhelming spot.
 We should mostly stick to just talking about facts.
 I'm thinking just based on the last couple of episodes, that's experimenting.
 So what about the iceberg?
 Who's the idea was that?
 The iceberg.
 Um, this first cropped up as far as I can tell in a 1977 issue of new scientist and it
 was a man called Arthur Hickey, an unemployed haulage contractor from Warsaw who claims to
 be the officially appointed salvage master of the Titanic salvage company.
 He claims.
 So it's not verified in the article, whether that's true or not.
 That's interesting though, that you said that he's unemployed, but also a haulage contractor
 and also the head of this Titanic raising thing, he sounds like the least unemployed person
 I've ever heard.
 You're right.
 This guy's too much work.
 Yeah.
 Um, so, uh, yeah.
 So he approached, um, and this is according to, uh, the new scientist says, according to a
 recent issue of the B.O.C. group newspapers, which is the British oxygen company.
 He approached them off the back of a, a vivid dream that he had about turning the ship into
 an iceberg, um, and allowing it to float to the surface.
 And I, I tried to find more about it. I think the idea is that they'd have to pump like half
 a million tons of liquid nitrogen down to it in order to do it.
 And I think the idea was there was going to be a mesh, a wire mesh that they would create
 around the Titanic for that to then be the, the basis for the block of which it would stop.
 And then that would slowly bring it back up to the surface.
 It is quite effectively dubious to get any of the Titanic back, isn't it?
 I think a lot of the survivors were really anti-it, um, when they were still alive and a lot
 of the families of the survivors now are saying, look, you know, people died and they ended
 up at the bottom of the sea.
 And probably it's not a good idea to, you know, to start the rest, yeah, yeah, exactly.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 It's, it's of mass grave sites, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 But it can be extremely useful dredging up ships, uh, because it might tell us the origin
 of the universe. So some concepts are a really, really crucial source of a certain, of what's
 called low background metals and low background metals are totally essential for experiments
 like looking for dark matter.
 So looking for like all this dark matter in the universe that we don't know where it is
 or looking for anti-matter.
 They're also really important for making guide encounters, for instance, because they don't
 emit any radiation at all.
 They don't emit any particles.
 And the reason is, this is why they're called low background metals, that they're on ships
 that were built before the nuclear testing that started in the 1940s.
 And so all metal that's been manufactured, taken out of the earth and made into something
 useful, since then has had radioactivity in it, just like we all do because of all that
 nuclear testing that left the world very radioactive.
 So all these ships built before, non-radioactive.
 And then they were sunk to the bottom of the sea so they're totally protected from the radio
activity. And they're the only place that you can find these low background lead and steel,
 which experiments need.
 So for instance, when they're dressing up, there's always this debate between archaeologists
 who are like, we want this from our museum, please.
 And the scientists who are like, but we want to melt it all down for our experiments, please.
 And then the gravesite people who say, please leave it there.
 Isn't that cool?
 That is really amazing.
 It's very cool.
 I've got an ethical dilemma for you, Titanic related.
 Do you get married on the Titanic?
 Are we talking about now?
 Because that's quite a wet wedding.
 Yeah.
 Two people have genuinely got married on the Titanic, since it sank.
 That's impossible.
 So they dived down in a diving bell or something.
 They dived down in a submersible, they're called David Lieberwitz and Kimberley Miller.
 And they won a trip to the Titanic, but I think they only won one ticket and they were told
 by the guys organizing it.
 We'll let the other one if you come along, but only if you agree to get married.
 Well, because they were a couple.
 And it was a way of raising publicity for this thing, this trip.
 And they had to wear flame retardant suits and they had to crouch down on their knees for
 the ceremony because the submersible they were in was so tiny, but they were actually on
 the bow of the ship, where the famous scene is in the movie, "I'm the King of the World",
 all of this.
 And anyway, raised a lot of controversy, as you can probably imagine, and the reports
 were really good.
 Apparently, the couple rejected the assertion that their marriage was typically American and
 the height of bad taste.
 And the guy organizing it said, "What's got to be remembered is that every time a couple
 gets married in a church, they have to walk through a graveyard to get to the altar."
 That's such a good point.
 Well, it's a point.
 It's a point.
 It's incredible.
 Good on them.
 Yeah.
 Imagine how claustrophobic that would be.
 I think that's the least enjoyable wedding I can imagine.
 I think so, also, like if one of them changes their mind just before it happens, they've
 got a very long trip back up to the surface in a very small, yeah.
 One person who is seen as the person who survived the longest in the ocean and then was rescued
 and survived was a guy called Charles Yoffin.
 He was the chief baker on board the Titanic, and when he plunged into the ocean, he was
 seen plunging with two bottles of whiskey on him, which he downed while he was in there,
 and he survived for two hours.
 Most people perished after 15 minutes, but he survived two hours.
 He had the two bottles of whiskey and the alcohol somehow, they claimed, helped him to keep
 his body temperature going.
 He was also on a rough made out of baguettes though, wasn't he?
 Which didn't help.
 Sure, you would make your odds out of baguettes rather than your raft.
 I guess the baguette is a multi-purpose tool, you can lash a hundred together and then
 use two more.
 He was a complete legend, so the interview to him after the Titanic sunk, and it sounds
 like he was just chilled the whole way through, and he wasn't just downing whiskey.
 He did try and save lots of people first, so he made sure the lifeboats were all stocked
 with all his baked goods aside from the stuff he used to make the raft, and he threw lots
 of deck chairs overboard to make makeshift kind of rafts for people, so they could grab
 onto.
 And then he said he just went back to his bed, downed whiskey, watched the water come under
 the door, pretty calmly, just kind of chilled, and then eventually he knew that it was best
 to stay on the ship, much like Jack in Titanic.
 Stay on the ship until the very last second, because you want to minimise your time in the
 water.
 Went in the water, usually if you're hammered, which he was, that would be really awful for
 you, because all your vessels of phasodilated and you lose all the heat superfast.
 But they think, because he was so relaxed, because of this whiskey and his general personality,
 it overrode the shock, I think it's the shock that kills lots of people, and the trauma
 often is what kills you.
 Imagine being that chilled as a humid, that even at the Titanic crash and sinking, you're
 still like, it's alright, I believe you can move the deck chairs around.
 I mean, we always hear about rearranging the deck chairs on the Titanic, and in the first
 7th attempt, I've never heard of what actually happened to the deck chairs.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two, and that is James.
 Okay, my fact this week is that in 1927, an owl was found that had another owl in its stomach,
 and that owl had a third owl in its stomach.
 This is incredible.
 I guess you could say they were cannibals.
 You said you could say that.
 Honestly, I've been waiting to say that since you sent this fact around to all of us to research,
 and it was underwhelming as a moment for me.
 It was up there with the floating Vaseline for all of us in underwhelming states.
 This is amazing.
 Yeah, this is what is called an inter-specific owl trophic chain, which basically means
 an owl eats an owl, which eats another owl.
 It's pretty much the only version of it I could find in owls at least, and it was a bad
 owl.
 It was shot in New England, and when they opened it up, it had a long eared owl inside
 it, and when they opened that up, it had an eastern screech owl inside it.
 What we can say about it is that owls, they do eat other birds, and they eat other owls.
 We can learn about what they eat by looking in the stomachs, but it also shows the second
 owl must have eaten the third owl quite quickly before it was eaten itself, if you know
 what I mean.
 It wasn't even remnants.
 It was almost Russian dolls.
 It was almost Russian dolls.
 It wasn't full because obviously you have to chew your owls before you can't eat a whole
 owl.
 I forgot that you don't just down an owl for real.
 Yeah, but also, the Russian dolls would be incredibly distressing if you open them up,
 and they were just the minstrel maids of another Russian doll inside that, and then inside
 that, they were more bloodied remnants.
 There would be more realistic though, I'm this.
 It would be absolutely great.
 Yeah.
 And yeah, owls, they eat other owls.
 They eat lots of stuff.
 They're amazing.
 Well.
 So this is the only example of this.
 What's it called, owl trophic?
 Something rather?
 Well, owl owl action.
 I call it owl ow action.
 I call it inter-specific owl trophic chain, but you can call it kind of bowelism if
 you want.
 I'm going to go kind of bowelism because I think scientists need to wait for more than
 one instance of something before they come up with an unnecessarily long and complicated
 name for it.
 I think Andy might well have coined a new scientific term here.
 This is exciting.
 This is exciting.
 A scientific term.
 Very quickly.
 This is like the only example of an animal eating an animal eating an animal of the same
 species.
 The closest I could think of was something we covered in one of the book of the years,
 which was when a shark was eaten by a shark that was caught by the shark, Greg Norman.
 I forgot about that.
 He's a golfer whose nickname is the shark.
 Yeah.
 He was fishing.
 Otherwise, we're just saying the shark whose name is Greg Norman.
 No, he doesn't make any sense.
 I do call Greg Norman.
 If you have a pet shark, you're very unlikely to name it Greg Norman, are you?
 No, I'm not.
 You're going to call it snappy or stop it.
 But yeah, Greg Norman, the golfer was fishing and he caught a shark and then that shark
 started eating another shark, so it was a three shark.
 We have a couple of examples in the fossil record of animals eating other animals that have
 just eaten other animals, so for instance, they found a fish, which was eaten by an amphibian,
 which was then eaten by a shark, and that was found in southwestern Germany, and then
 we also found a snake, which was eaten by a lizard, which was just eaten a beetle.
 And weirdly, so these are the only two versions I could find in the whole fossil record, and
 that was also found in Germany, so it seems there was something about German animals
 in the Lake Cretaceous.
 Don't want to get racist about it, but it seemed like they were up for this kind of thing.
 I'm not counting the beetle.
 No.
 I just, a beetle.
 What the hell is that?
 That doesn't count as an impressive matrioshka.
 That's if you get to the end of your matrioshka and there's a grain of rice at the bottom
 of something and you're supposed to count that.
 You need something that's effectively the same size as the thing that's eaten it to
 be impressive.
 Okay.
 You're right, sure.
 So the owl is the opposite of a duck, I think.
 That's right.
 Yeah.
 And owl is the opposite of a duck.
 I think you're going to have to give us a bit more.
 My question still holds.
 So what is a duck famous for?
 Cracking.
 Cracking, yeah.
 Okay.
 And owls don't crack, of course.
 No, like it's famous for having like feathers which kind of repel water, right?
 Water off a duck's back.
 And so I can live in the water, and whenever any, whenever it rains on them or whenever
 any water gets on them, it just goes straight off them.
 But owls are one of the few birds that don't have this at all.
 And they have got rid of any ability to repel water from their feathers.
 And so if they get wet, it's an absolute nightmare.
 If they go into the water to try and catch a fish or something like that, they can't even
 jump out and fly away because the feathers, it's like a sheep trying to fly away.
 The feathers are just so full of water they can't get out.
 And so they'll end up swimming instead of flying.
 That's how it flies there.
 But the reason is that if they had oil on their feathers, they would make more noise when
 they flew around and they want to be as stealthy as possible so they can catch their prey.
 And so they've done away with the ability for water to flow off them in order to be more
 stealthy, which I think is really cool.
 That is amazing.
 They are the opposite of ducks.
 Point proven.
 Presumably if it starts raining at night when an owl's hunting, you do hear the sound
 of owls just dropping out of the air and onto the ground.
 You can't hear owls, basically, until they are about three feet from your head, by which
 point it is too late, because they're so silent.
 And so we don't really, we've got some idea about why they're so quiet.
 But I think the full mechanism has yet to be properly explained.
 There was a review last year about just why they are so quiet.
 Yeah, they've looked at their feathers haven't they, and they've found that they've got
 like little wrinkly bits on the side, which means that when air comes, it kind of forms
 tiny little vortices, which make less noise than if there was a load of turbulence.
 Wow.
 Is that unique in the world of birds?
 I haven't checked them all.
 I think it is.
 I think, I mean, there are about 200 species of owl, and some of them are really loud.
 The largest owl in the world is the, I think it's called the Blackest and Fish Owl.
 And that, because it's hunting fish, fish can't hear anything that you're doing above
 the water, and they don't care.
 So those owls are incredibly loud, because they're not trying to listen for mice.
 But most owls are unbelievably quiet, and they're really slow as well.
 This is a thing.
 I think, apart from birds that can actively hover, owls might be the slowest birds in the
 world.
 They can fly as slowly as two miles an hour.
 So you could easily outrun an owl?
 No, that's not what I'm saying.
 I'm not saying that top speed is too much of an owl.
 So when they come at you and they're only three feet away, it's fine, because you have plenty
 of time to react.
 You just walk over to the other side of the garden.
 It's strong away.
 Did you know the owls were responsible for the second world war?
 God.
 This is from the book Owl.
 It's a book all about owls by Desmer Morris.
 And there was a mythical bird called the Chick Chani owl.
 I think it was Caribbean.
 It was on Andros Island, that's where it was.
 And it looked like an owl, and it was based on a real owl, which had gone extinct a few
 hundred years before.
 Anyway, as a young man, Neville Chamberlain was shopping down trees on Andros Island.
 And he came across a Chick Chani nest, a nest of this, I must say, mythical bird.
 This is all in the book, Owl.
 His work was refused to touch the nest, but he ignored them, and he chopped down the tree
 himself.
 And this created a curse on him.
 Then, some years later, he became the British Prime Minister, and failed to stop Hitler's
 aggressive expansion.
 And that's supposedly why his failure at the Munich conference happened.
 Why is Andy like?
 To say this kind of shit, I'm not having enough.
 I think he's not.
 I mean, who's supposing that?
 Is it Desmer Morris, the author of the book, Owl, who I must say has a vested interest
 in giving Owls a stronger role in history?
 Is it Desmer Morris who's supposed that this curse happened?
 I don't think he created this story.
 I think the story is probably one that's quite local to the region, and quite historically
 specific.
 I'm not saying it was the only factor in the second one, but I don't think we can discount
 it.
 That's a good point.
 Hey, I was looking into people who've had Owls for pets, because I know that some people
 do keep Owls, but I wondered if that was ever a fashion.
 I didn't find many people, but one person who did have an Owl for a pet was Florence
 Nightingale.
 Florence Nightingale.
 She had an Owl that she got from Athens, which was called Athena, and when she left Athens,
 she took with her not only the Owl, but she had a secada called Plato, and two tortoises,
 Mr and Mrs Hill, unfortunately.
 They must have felt like such intellectual inferiorism at the dinner table with Athena
 of Plato.
 Well, Mr and Mrs Hill, were they married or were they brother-assister?
 Oh, not specific.
 Fine.
 Very good people.
 Well, they could have been unrelated hills, I guess.
 And then Mrs Hill got married to another hill, I guess, tortoises, but they're still
 hung out with their brother.
 Yeah.
 And then she presumably split Mrs Hill up from her husband, the other Mr Hill, in order
 to adopt them as pets.
 Exactly.
 Not all the evidence points towards the spouses, doesn't it?
 It does.
 It does.
 Unfortunately, the animals became, so there were four of them.
 They became three when, unfortunately, Athena ate Plato, secada.
 So but she saw that as two pets merging into one, which was more convenient because she carried
 the owl around with her a lot when she went on walks and so on.
 Wow.
 I wonder how many parents have ever tried that excuse on their children when the dog is just
 eating the cat?
 No, it's all right.
 You've got both of them now.
 So Athena, unfortunately, Florence Nightingale, known as someone who nursed a lot of people
 in the Crimean War, Athena is actually a casualty of the Crimean War because when Florence
 went to the Crimean War, she left Athena in her house in the attic with some food and assuming
 that she would survive on any mice that would be running around.
 And she abandoned that house and they eventually went back and they found Athena dead inside
 the attic, because obviously, I know what you're saying, but I wouldn't say that's a casualty
 of the Crimean War.
 Oh really?
 That's something you read out at the end of the traumatising news of another battle of
 the Crimean War.
 And it lighten news.
 An owl has been abandoned to die, and that's it.
 Well, if you live in London, you can still visit Athena the owl because it was, there's
 no point now, it was recovered and sent to taxidermy.
 So Athena the owl is kept at St Thomas's in the Florence Nightingale Museum.
 I wonder if anyone's opened up a theme that's to see if Plato's still there.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three and that is Andy.
 My fact is that almost every Englishman at the Battle of Agincourt ate a small amount
 of soil just before the battle started.
 Wow, why did they do that?
 Yeah.
 Why did they do that?
 It's a good question.
 I think it was symbolic.
 Well, obviously it was symbolic because there was no practical, there was no nutritional
 value to this.
 No.
 So we should say briefly what Agincourt was.
 It was one of the principally remembered battles of the Hundred Years War or the series
 of wars that we now we know as the Hundred Years War was in 1415 and the reason it's widely
 remembered in England is because it was a big English victory over France and a lot
 of the other battles of the Hundred Years War have slightly been allowed to slip
 into history.
 They're quite well known in France, so I would say the other battles of the Hundred Years
 War.
 Hundred percent.
 Between the two sides, we're covering memorials of all the battles, except the English
 War.
 All our Frenchist listeners right now are going, well, I've not heard this.
 They've dug up something really nice here.
 They genuinely, in France, it's not really taught.
 I mean, do write in if you have heard of it, but I think it's not famous at all in France,
 which is bizarre because for any non-British listeners, Agincourt is extremely well-known
 here.
 For that reason, even though it was super short, it only lasted maybe half an hour.
 I found the brilliant website.
 It's run by the University of Southampton that has a list of everyone who was fighting Agincourt.
 Actually everyone who they could find from the whole Hundred Years War, but they have the
 specific people who they know are Agincourt and it's a great long list, obviously there
 were thousands and thousands of soldiers, so I went through that and we had one guy called
 Thomas Sadler, who actually was a Sadler.
 That was his job.
 There was a guy called John Horsey who was a knight and there was a guy called Matthew Boer
 who was an archer.
 It was not cool.
 It was not cool.
 And they also have the whole French team as well, like all the French soldiers that were
 there.
 And there were 64 French soldiers at the Battle of Agincourt called Colin.
 Really?
 Wow.
 And four of those were called Colin Poisson.
 Colin the fish.
 Colin the fish.
 Colin Poisson.
 Colin Poisson's at the Battle of Agincourt.
 Seriously.
 Wow.
 Are we sure that's real?
 That's real.
 That's real.
 Playtosa card is there.
 It's real.
 It's real.
 They should get the academics onto this list because there's been debate raging since
 the Battle of Agincourt about how many soldiers fought there and it's still very, very
 vigorous.
 So they should just count all the names on that because there's all sorts of exaggerations.
 So the English got taught for a good few hundred years that they were outnumbered about
 10 times or 20 times, you know, the French had hundreds of thousands of times more soldiers.
 But I think they think now that it was about two to one, don't they, in terms of outnumbering.
 Yeah.
 Which is still good.
 But the English had more archers, twice as many archers.
 So if you do, again, if you're a broad listener, if you do a word association, Agincourt, I think
 people go longbow because that was the huge deal at Agincourt.
 It was that English decided we're going to just rely on having most of our people being
 archers.
 We've got this great longbow that the Welsh gave us, thank you, Wales.
 And we're just going to fire at them from behind, whereas the French were a bit more into
 their chivalry and their knights in shining, heavy, annoying armour.
 And they didn't really like the bow.
 They thought it was a bit unjentlemently.
 So they just had shed loads of cavalry, which, as it turned out, when it was pissing
 with rain and the mud was thigh deep and the horses just sank into it, was a disadvantage.
 Well, the thing is it's like, in theory, it's not that much of a disadvantage because
 if you're wearing a full suit of armour, there's not many places that those arrows can get
 in.
 Like, it could hit you in the neck, it could hit you in the groin, there's one or two other
 places.
 All the places where it could hit you are not very nice, but the chances are it would bounce
 off you.
 But of course, what happened was the arrows hit the horses and then the horses just went
 crazy because they'd been hit by an arrow and they unseated the riders who were then
 in a whole load of mud with a whole load of extremely heavy armour and just were sitting
 ducks for the, for the edge.
 With the opposite of sitting owls.
 Yes.
 There was a moment just before the battle because all the English archers were facing,
 a lot of them facing the French lines, they had a stake in the ground in front of them
 as an anti-cavary device, you know, which is a good one.
 When you say stake, you mean a piece of what?
 No, I mean, I mean a nice t-bone steak with some horse radish.
 It was to try and freak out the French horses, they're saying, "This is what you're going
 to have to be after this battle, no, sorry."
 They had a massive sharpened wooden stake and they stuck it in the ground, you know, facing
 the French lines.
 But there was this weird moment just before the battle where all the English were told,
 can you advance a bit so that we are in range of the French cavalry because the French
 hadn't lined up and started moving yet.
 And the English had to come around to the front of their stake, all these archers, he
 the stake out of the ground, very strong exercise required to do that, it's quite an exertion.
 Move the stake forward a fair bit so you're in line, so that you're in range of the French
 and then hammer the stake back into the ground, facing the French cavalry again.
 Wow.
 And you have to do all of this while you're completely exposed, your back is to the
 enemy and the French observed this happening and did nothing about it.
 It was a really strange lapse on the French side and I, yeah, I'm sure proper historians
 could account for it, but I just don't know why that happened.
 I think it was a big disadvantage to attack, so I always think the beginning of a battle reminds
 me a bit of the beginning of a cycling race, you know what those races change, you like
 cycling, where they in the village room.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, where they all really, really slow to set off with and as soon as one of
 them goes.
 Oh, exactly.
 Omnick, Omnick, Omnick, or something, I can't remember.
 Yes.
 What's the disadvantage?
 Why is it bad to start?
 In cycling, what it is is if you're in someone's slipstream, it's a lot easier, so
 it's better for them to go first, you to go behind them and then you can overtake them at
 the last second, but I don't know why it's in battle.
 In battle, same thing, it's a slipstream issue, it's easier to defend than to attack
 with the generally accepted wisdom, so you didn't want to be the army attacking.
 I think you probably, you know, you start losing your shape when you attack, whereas you
 keep it when you defend.
 So there was this weird moment where before the battle, they had their battle lines lined
 up and they sent some heralds to meet in the middle and say, hey, are you going to
 the cave and then the other heralds said no and vice versa, so the heralds went back
 and said, okay, we're at war.
 And then no one moved for ages, they just stood staring at each other because no one wanted
 to be the first to attack.
 And yeah, the French won, attacking won, attacking and eventually the English thought,
 I saw it, we'll do it then.
 Isn't that a large, wasn't there that stat about during wartime, about how many bullets
 were shot to miss as opposed to kill?
 People would fire above the heads of the enemy because they didn't want to be someone
 who took a life.
 Because like a huge number of shots were aimed to miss.
 They say that about Vietnam, don't they?
 Yeah, I think that's a slightly different thing more about the psychology of not wanting
 to kill someone, isn't it?
 Oh, so you think that not starting is just purely out of strategy?
 That's what that's the way it has to study.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 You're not starting it.
 These guys did not have a problem with killing as many people as they possibly could.
 Okay.
 Don't you worry.
 I don't know if there's any benefit of that out there, right?
 Do you know that a few years after the war, six years after the Battle of Ashencourt, Henry
 the Fifth sent back a cavalry of soldiers back to France, and do you guys know why?
 He had left his wallet in that same car.
 No, I don't know.
 He sent them in to collect the foreskin of Jesus.
 Of course, that was going to be my next guess.
 Yeah, I knew if I gave you a bit more time.
 Wow.
 So he got married to Catherine, who was the daughter of the French king, and she was expecting
 her first baby.
 And he heard rumors that France had the foreskin of Jesus Christ there, one of the holy relics.
 So he sent his men back in to pick it up without any sort of hassle or resistance, and they
 brought it back.
 And it was brought to Catherine.
 And supposedly, as it's reported, the scent of the foreskin helped her to give birth
 to Henry the Fifth in a nice calm way.
 So as if they rub it under her nose, and the sweet scent, I don't know if they dangled
 it like an air freshener in front of her, or if they actually physically robbed it.
 I don't think they used the foreskin of Jesus as an air freshener.
 You wouldn't have that in the Christmas tree dangling in your car, would you?
 What flavor is this?
 Yeah, no, but supposedly in the scent of it, the sweet scent of it helped her for a natural
 birth.
 So yeah, what a great baby shower present.
 That really outdoes all the other presents at a baby shower, doesn't it?
 If you're the one who's brought Jesus' foreskin, they always say about, really, like, privileged
 children.
 They were born with Jesus' foreskin in the mouth, don't they?
 We've probably been excommunicated multiple times for mentioning Jesus' foreskin, haven't
 we?
 Yeah.
 Why not one more time?
 Yeah.
 So I go on now.
 That's what we're on Catherine.
 I read another thing, which is that Samuel Peep's kissed her.
 Did he?
 What?
 Yeah.
 But this was 200 years between.
 200 years between.
 Yeah.
 So he wrote this in his diary.
 It was show Tuesday, 1669, and she was buried in Westminster Abbey, and she had an alabaster
 and all that sort of stuff, but a lot of attacks happened, I think it was Henry VIII, got rid
 of the alabaster, didn't like the idea of her, but her coffin, her crypt, was still there,
 and it busted open in 1669, revealing her corpse inside, so the lid was open, and people
 could visit the open lid of Catherine, and Samuel Peep's leaned in and gave her a kiss,
 and reported it in his diary that at 36 years old, and I did kiss a queen, he wrote, it was
 on his birthday.
 I mean, did he really kiss a queen, or did he just, you know, nozzella cups?
 Kiss the two hundred-year-old corpse, yeah.
 It feels like a bit of a stretch, it feels a bit me too, to be honest.
 A queen's a queen forever, but the queen always refers to Queen Elizabeth as her majesty,
 as if the Queen Elizabeth I first.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 I'm with Peep, so I think he nailed it, a great birthday present, it's up there with four
 skin of Jesus, in terms of good gifts.
 Some of the myths about Ashen Car come from Shakespeare, because he wrote Henry V, in
 great play, that is mostly set at the Battle of Ashen Car, and one of the characters
 in Henry V is Fulstaff, and he is based on a real person who was there, who was not called
 Fulstaff, but was called Falsstaff, who was a famous person, who was at the battle, and later
 went on to run a pub in Sothek.
 But this guy, I think the BBC need to make a massive budget TV series about Falsstaff,
 because he is amazing.
 He fought at the Battle of Ashen Car, he won another battle, the Battle of the Herrings,
 he was at the sea, and the French came to attack him, and he got a load of herring barrels
 and put them all in a big line, and then hit behind them and attacked the French from
 there.
 He fought against Joan of Arc, at the Siege of Orleans, and the was rumours that John Fasstaff
 was coming, and the brother of Joan of Arc decided not to tell her, because everyone was
 so scared of this guy, and they thought they know that Fasstaff is coming, then everyone's
 going to panic, so they didn't tell her, and Joan of Arc said to her, "Brother, bastard
 bastard, in the name of God, I command you that as soon as you hear of Fasstaff's coming,
 you will let me know, for if he gets through without my knowing it, I swear to you that I
 will have your head caught off."
 And he was at another battle where the English got routed, and he was one of the only people
 whose group of soldiers managed to survive, but it meant that everyone else thought that
 he'd been cowardly.
 When he hadn't been cowardly, it had just been the way that the battle had worked out,
 and he lost his reputation and had to go back to the UK, and he'd been a hero, but everyone
 thought he was a coward, and he's just amazing, and then all of his money went to the foundation
 of modeling college.
 Okay.
 So, here's like this suit that finally rejuvenating Fasstaff's reputation, is that what we're
 doing today?
 I think so.
 We're saving Fasstaff.
 He was the Baron of Silly in France.
 I mean, what mod do you need about this guy?
 He was brilliant.
 But as you're tied, although a bit of a misleading title, if I went to see the Baron of Silly as
 a movie...
 He is Shakespeare's recurring character, isn't he?
 I always like that there's a rip, you know, pops up three times.
 Yeah.
 Feels like a funny Easter egg.
 Every time you come, it's a little call back.
 Henry the Fifth has obviously used a lot still today, that rousing speech that he gives
 in, for many things, like football, you know, if there's the World Cup, someone might
 do an advert giving that speech.
 But one person who was particularly fond of it and got into movies as a result during World
 War II was Winston Churchill.
 So Churchill actively became a producer or a sort of accredited help on a movie of Henry
 the Fifth and enlisted Lawrence Olivier to play it because he wanted it to be seen as
 a stirring thing for the British, and trailers were released on the day that the troops were
 invading Normandy, and they used a trailer where they showed modern day London and then brought
 it back into the old London to sort of help people get excited that, you know, this is something
 will conquer and something that will do.
 It's not the only time that Winston Churchill did that either during World War II.
 He then got Lawrence Olivier to make another, and when I say got him, he encouraged him,
 but I guess that was a pretty strong encouragement during the wartime, to make a movie about Nelson
 and Emma Hamilton, because in the movie, which was made predominantly for Americans, he
 wanted to draw parallels between Napoleon and Adolf Hitler and have the American public
 see that movie as something whereby they needed to come and get behind it.
 So Lawrence Olivier is sort of like a bizarre propaganda spy for the British.
 Maybe if Winston Churchill spent less time directing films and more time winning the
 war, it wouldn't have lasted six years.
 Yeah.
 Well, maybe if…
 The counterpoint.
 There's a Chamberlain hadn't seen that owl that time, then we wouldn't have had a war in
 the first place.
 That's true.
 There was so many big hits.
 Okay, it's time for our final fact of the show, and that is Anna.
 My fact this week is that the first known coloring book was meant for adults.
 Wow.
 It's just been re-found, rediscovered, or in 2017, it was rediscovered.
 If they just find one that had been coloured in, is that what happened?
 It actually hasn't been coloured in, so someone obviously had it and then didn't even use
 it.
 Because otherwise, you wouldn't be able to tell it was a coloring in book.
 No.
 If it's been coloured in really well, it's just…
 Yes.
 That's really a good point.
 Imagine if you had a kid so good at coloring in, people would browse through the coloring
 in book, just thought it was a book.
 Yeah, they would think that you had a really weird taste of books today.
 There seems to be all the books on your bookcase, just pictures of birds.
 Well, this was pictures of flowers, in fact, so this was a book called The Flourest, published
 in 1760 by a guy called Robert Seer, and rediscovered in a Missouri Botanic Garden in 2017.
 And it said on the front cover, it was for the use and amusement of gentlemen and ladies.
 And then, inside, it had instructions for how to colour all the pictures in, so it was
 just lots of pictures.
 So you can look it up online, it's very beautiful, it's all publicly available.
 And it had techniques, it told you what colour you should do the flowers, so none of this
 freedom that the kids have now.
 And it had sort of the recipes to mix your own colours, or it said, you can also get pre-mixed
 colours from the publisher of this book, FRII, if you want.
 And it was great.
 Don't know why the person didn't colour it in, I would have.
 Well, maybe he didn't have all the specific coloured pencils that you'd need it to have
 to do it, because if you're not allowed to have your own freedom and colour all your
 flowers in black, like I used to do with all my colouring books then.
 Oh, I know.
 So emo.
 Wow.
 So I should have a little go.
 So emo.
 Yeah, you're right.
 Maybe it was like, when you know when you buy an electric toy for a kid and they open it up
 and you realise it hasn't come with the batteries, it was like that and you got home and then
 ready to have to order the bloody paints.
 But actually, isn't it true that someone had been using the book to press flowers?
 I think this one that they found.
 So they opened it up and they hadn't coloured it in.
 But they seem sort of placed flowers on top of where they should have been coloured in.
 Yeah.
 Completely misunderstood in the first book.
 Well, that's true.
 Well, it was the first one.
 Like, it's not obvious what to do, is it?
 Yeah.
 That's the first ever one.
 Maybe it was built as a pressier flowers book and we then changed it into a colouring book.
 Oh, what is it you were meant to put the flower on top of the outline of the flower?
 Yeah.
 Fill it in.
 Like a football sticker album, basically.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 First panini.
 Is this the first panini album?
 Yeah.
 It's explicitly not what this is.
 He's very clear in the instructions, but there should be one of those.
 Anna, from the article you sent around, it looks like there were some earlier not full colouring
 books, but there were illustrations distributing which were designed to be coloured in by readers.
 These woodcuts of Christ.
 Well, a lot of people did colour them in, yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, from the 15th century.
 And we know that people colour them in because we have all these different versions
 of them where some people have just done, it's the picture of the crucifixion.
 Some people have just done the blood or some people have just coloured in.
 The Christ figure and then some people have gone to town and they've coloured in the angels
 and they've coloured in the background.
 Did anyone colour everything in black or?
 No.
 No.
 No.
 We went through so much charcoal when I was a child.
 But they were good.
 They're gorgeous things, yeah.
 They are.
 And people used to hang them up, didn't they?
 I like the idea of the art on your wall being something that you'd half made.
 So we just say a woodcut was just when they carved into wood and then the manufacturers
 rolled ink over the wood.
 So all the bits that were carved had no ink in them.
 And then you say you had the outline.
 And then yeah, people would paint them home and hang them on the walls to impress visitors.
 Well, why do you look at some of those woodcuts and stuff like that from around that time,
 which would have been what, 15th or 16th century?
 Like juror, for instance, things like that.
 You kind of think you look at those if you're in a museum and think, well, why didn't
 people colour those in?
 It makes complete sense.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Well, they did.
 So this was the first explicit colouring book meant for the purpose, but probably inspired
 by the fact that everyone was colouring in their manuscripts all the time.
 So there are lots of manuscripts that exist that people at home would colour in, because
 there was no colour printing.
 And so even very limited by that point colour printing.
 So people just would do it themselves.
 That's so cool.
 Do you guys want to know one pleasing irony of colouring in?
 Oh, yes.
 In 1962, in the early '60s, there was a huge great craze for colouring in books massive.
 And lots of those were for adults too.
 Barbara Streisand released a song in 1962 called My Coloring Book.
 Really?
 And it was a minor hit for maybe realise how well Barbara Streisand is for one thing.
 But, pleasingly, there is now a Barbara Streisand colouring in book.
 Oh, very nice.
 That is good.
 Yeah.
 I don't think it's linked to the song, especially, it's just that there are colouring books.
 Well, '60s, that was a huge boom for the colouring in book, wasn't it?
 And particularly as a tool of satire.
 So there were a few books.
 JFK Coloring in book, which stayed in the charts for like 14 weeks on the New York Times, Bessell
 was list.
 But they were released not to be coloured in, basically.
 They were colouring books that you were meant to leave alone.
 Because they were sort of a new version of a great satirical cartoon that would appear
 in the newspapers or in the magazine.
 So they found that there was no boom in sales of crayons and pencil colour pencils in
 the period where there was the boom of all these big colouring books that were released.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 I see humour books where the captions underneath gave you a great gag.
 So there was one about being corporate and so you would have to colour in the suit that
 I have to wear, which is grey.
 Please colour it in grey or I'll be fired.
 That was the first one, I think.
 So I like the fact that the first modern colouring book was, you were supposed to colour everything
 in grey.
 James, you would have loved it with your little charcoal.
 Yeah.
 That's a wrong shade.
 That was pretty dark.
 That one, wasn't it?
 It was like, this is my train.
 It takes me to the office every day.
 You meet lots of interesting people on the train, colour them all grey.
 Yeah.
 And then the only bit where you had to put any colour in, it was like, this is my pill.
 It is round.
 It is pink.
 It makes me not care.
 Yeah.
 That's pretty dark.
 It is really dark.
 It's called the executive colouring book if anyone wants to check it out.
 Did you see the conspiracy theory one, Den?
 I thought this would be…
 I did, I loved it.
 Yeah.
 It's so good.
 It has a blank page and it says, how many communists can you find in this picture?
 I can find eleven.
 Amazing.
 There was a modern colouring book, craze, which a lot of listeners will probably remember,
 which was about three years ago.
 I've almost all the listeners, I will say, Andy, unless you've got some very young ones.
 Some of our older listeners might remember that.
 I mean, you might not have been paying attention to the colouring in trend, oh my word.
 Yeah, but there was obviously a huge rash of new books published and I found an article
 from the Scottish Library website, the Scottish National Library.
 It has an article in 2016, headlined, yes, we have colouring books in our library, but sorry,
 you can't colour them in and this is just clarifying what you couldn't do in this kind of
 library.
 That's really interesting though, isn't it?
 If you go to the library and you get a colouring book, surely you should be like, what's
 the point of getting that out if you can't colour it in?
 That's weird, isn't it?
 Wow, quite.
 Well, it said it also went on to clarify, you can come and look at the magic eye books
 and squint at them and see the pictures hidden in the pages, but you can look at it,
 not solve our pseudo-coup books.
 Ah, yes.
 What you could do is colour them in and then tipx out your colouring afterwards, and then
 the next person could colour out your tipx.
 Well, I sometimes think it's fun to try and do a crossword.
 If you don't have a pen on you, you can just do the crossword in your head and, you know,
 that's a fun way of spending time and time.
 Yeah, so you could do your colouring book in your head.
 Went out the lines again, oh, fuck.
 Did the website also say, "Can the guy who keeps pressing plants into our books, please
 refrain from that in the future?"
 Do we think they're good or bad?
 There's some controversy about whether you should even give colouring books to children,
 because maybe it's huge controversy.
 Is that?
 Because it might make them violence or something.
 Oh, wow.
 James, I know you had a very dark upbringing, but some of us put colours in our colouring.
 I was just thinking, like, usually when there's a moral panic about not giving things
 to children, it's because it's going to turn them to drugs or violence.
 The call of duty colouring book might prompt children to violence or whatever.
 It's a really good point.
 I don't think this is something that's been considered yet, but this was first raised
 in the 1950s by the sort of leader in our education guy called Victor Lovenfeld, and he said
 colouring books have a devastating effect on children, and it's because they don't let
 them develop their own ideas.
 So the idea is that you've given them a picture, and they just have to stick within the confines
 of that picture, and he was saying not only do they not inspire children to be imaginative,
 but also they kind of make them have really low self confidence, because children look
 at these really good pictures in the colouring book, and they think, well, I'm never going
 to draw as well as that.
 I've just tried to draw sunshine, and it ended up as square.
 And so they're not even going to attempt to draw themselves.
 And there is quite a lot of back and forth thinking about whether it's bad for children's
 imaginations.
 And then they start getting violence, I guess, after that.
 And then they put a punch in the face, yeah.
 That's really interesting.
 You know, these colouring books were, it's colour by numbers, so it might be, when you look
 at it, sometimes you might look at it, you might not see what the image is until you colour
 it in, and then you realise what it is.
 There was one of those in the Netherlands, and it turned out that, when you coloured it
 in, it was actually Adolf Hitler, and the problem was that they had, they'd bought these
 colouring books, but they'd never coloured them in to see what the images were, and it
 was only when people took them home and coloured them in that they realised that it was
 bad, and they said they deeply regretted the incident, and it remains unclear why Hitler
 was included in the colouring books.
 And the guy said his suspicion is that the man who created it, because it was someone
 in India who'd created this book, they just didn't know who Hitler was and they'd taken him
 out of, you know, just a book of historical figures.
 Well, they just took the time man of the year for 1938.
 Yeah.
 While we're on paint by numbers, this is very similar to colouring in obviously.
 So Dan, we know who invented them, again, because it's relatively recently, it was invented,
 but it was a guy called Dan Robbins, who only died last year, actually.
 It was in 1951, and he was working at a paint company, and he was given the task of selling
 more paint, and he came up with this method to sell small quantities of paint, but it was
 popular, obviously, he'd sell a lot.
 And there's an online museum of paint by numbers, which has 60,000 of them, and it says that
 he is the most exhibited artist in the world.
 His work, you know, he does all the drawings, it has been displayed on more walls than any
 other artist.
 Which is quite a pleasing idea.
 It's a loose definition of the word artist, isn't it?
 He always said this is not, when you're doing a paint by numbers, it's not art per se,
 but you are getting the same sensation as people have when they are creating art, and that's
 a kind of gateway in some ways.
 So he was always very modest about what it was.
 So was the idea that, like, if they had a lot of orange paint to sell, for instance, they
 might do a load of paint by numbers with umpillempers in them, or something, they would sell oranges.
 Yeah.
 Or oranges.
 Yeah.
 I knew there was something famous.
 There was orange in colour, but I just can't think of it.
 Wasn't I almost went for blackpool football kits?
 Oh, wow.
 That would have been niche.
 It's too niche.
 If they had a lot of black paint to sell, they specifically marketed it to the heart.
 He was claimed that he was inspired by Leonardo da Vinci, so in his autobiography, he wrote
 that he'd once heard Leonardo da Vinci would hand out numbered patterns to his apprentices
 in his workshops, and then the apprentices could fill in the colours.
 And I must have wasted about six hours yesterday trying to find any original evidence
 that Leonardo da Vinci, all Michelangelo, which was also sometimes claimed, did this, and
 I can't.
 So I'm begging you, any art historians out there, if you've got evidence of this, please
 write it in.
 But there used to be hung on people's walls, which I find odd.
 When I did paint by numbers, it wasn't the sort of thing my mum would then frame put
 on the wall.
 But people would hang on.
 There wasn't the fifties.
 What were you doing?
 The President Eisenhower had them hung up in the corridor in the wild.
 Oh, really?
 That's so cool.
 Look, if Donald Trump could do it without going out of the lines, he would do exactly
 the same thing.
 Okay, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we've said over the
 course of this podcast, you can get us on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland.
 James.
 At James Harkin.
 Andy.
 At Andrew Hunter M.
 And Anna.
 You can email podcast@QI.com.
 Yeah, but you can go to our group account, which is @no such thing, or go to our website.
 No such thing as a fish.com.
 All of our previous episodes are there, links to merchandise are there as well.
 And yeah, guys, still hope you're safe, still hope you're doing okay.
 Hopefully we'll get past all this very soon and back out into the world.
 Until then, we'll be back again next week with another episode, and we'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 I've wasted a full cycling trip's worth of Vaseline here.
 What do you do?
 You're cycling.
 Oh, Anna, you will be able to find that if you look it up online.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 It's certainly not going inside your pants, put it that way.
 No, hang on.
 No.
 It's certainly not going outside your pants.
 Yeah.
 [MUSIC]
