 Hey everyone welcome to this week's episode of fish before we begin
 We just want to let you know we have a very special guest on it is the QI main man himself James Harkin
 Who is it? It's James Harkin the QI main man himself
 That's right. And the second banana has joined us this week as well
 No, it is his name is his name is Alan Davis and he is the main big banana
 He is the biggest banana of all the bunch of people who work at QI
 He's our absolute best mate and he's come along to tell us a load of facts that we didn't already know
 That's right. Yeah, and we also want to just quickly mention that he has a new book out. It's an extraordinary book
 It's called just ignore him and it is a memoir of which Stephen Fry former co-host on QI second banana
 second banana to Alan
 Said it's funny sad frightening sweet savage and tender just ignore him will never leave you and that's what all the critics are
 Saying about it as well. It has had universal praise and we highly highly recommend it
 Yeah, it's an absolutely brilliant book. It's just I mean you probably know Alan
 There's just this funny happy-go-lucky guy, but it really really gets down to what made him who he is and I can't recommend it
 Enough. It's just such a great great book. It's available presumably in all good book shops
 I guess even the shit ones even the shit one so definitely go out and get that but in the meantime
 You can hear him doing what he does best which is being unbelievably funny and this week show
 Okay on with the podcast on with the show top banana
 Hello and welcome to another episode of no such thing as a fish a weekly podcast coming to you
 From four undisclosed locations in the UK. My name is Dan Shriver
 I am sitting here with James Harkin Anna Tashinsky and special guest
 It's Alan Davis and once again
 We have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts from the last seven days and in no particular order here
 We go starting with you
 Alan
 Well, I've found for you from the Lizmore library in Australia an unusual approach you can borrow a
 person
 The human library it's called
 And the human library was started to create a space and this is the from the founder Ronnie Abergel
 You could walk in borrow a human being and talk to them about a very challenging topic
 Ideally, we wanted people to talk about issues
 They would normally would not talk about or don't like to talk about and so you get you get a human book and that's a volunteer
 From a diverse background where they have experiences
 They're willing to share and they have titles the human books have titles like black activists or chronic depression or
 survivor of trafficking
 Really really bad Edinburgh experience
 Shotlifter
 That's such a good point about Edinburgh though imagine getting that in your review. Have you thought of being a human book instead?
 There is a photo here and it's just you just sit at a table for someone you sit at a table with a human book
 And then and you borrow them from her for an amount of time
 Hmm. I mean, I don't know. It's been that Monty Python sketch, you know, when you get an argument
 So it goes in and says I've come here for an argument they go. No, you haven't
 But I think it must be really like imagine if you're one of these books and like you're there for a few days
 And no one takes you out that must be pretty depressing. Yeah, that's yeah bad stick
 They have a thing where so they all sit in a sort of waiting room
 which they call the bookshelf and
 They have a matchmaker so someone says I want to get a human book out and the librarian match makes you with a type of book
 I give they give you the list, but but here's an interesting thing while they're waiting to be chosen
 It can obviously get a bit boring there so they can borrow each other out while they're waiting
 It's like
 Sorry, I didn't realize
 Before
 Do they have barcodes on them? I mean if you try to smuggle out a book under your jacket
 I found it under the bed. It's been there for two years. Oh
 It's not just this Lismore library in Australia
 So this was launched back in 2000 in Copenhagen by who Alan mentioned earlier Ronnie and a few others
 And it sort of went around to festivals and they had people where you could rent them out at Ross Kilda festival and so on and then it's
 Sort of the idea latched on and it's spread out
 So it's an over 70 countries now that you can go to certain libraries and they don't always have them waiting in the back room
 They're not just permanently sitting there
 It's sort of like on a Friday between the hours of nine and three or something like that
 We have slots since COVID. They they have started doing it virtually
 So you can you can borrow one, you know
 It's all about diversity and you know understanding people from other backgrounds or races or cultures. It's very good
 Yeah, it's a good plan. It's it's challenging your
 preconceptions, I guess isn't it?
 Making you people making some friends, you know, if you're really lonely. Well, that's it
 I mean, we're now recording recording this in the second lockdown and everyone's sick to the back teeth of all the people
 They normally zoom
 With the quiz markets falling off and cliff
 I know it's like you get sick of the people you live with and then sick of the people you zoom
 Yeah, and then I'm sick of my Amazon delivery guy now
 Well, it's time to go to the human library
 Libraries are really trying to branch out in the modern day, right, you know, because people often don't use them anymore
 So they say they're trying to get to grips with the digital age and now they just hire out loads of random stuff
 so there's this woman Barbara stripling who's the president of the American Library Association and
 She says that local libraries are constantly getting calls from people like plumbers or electronic specialists saying
 Do you want to put me in your books catalogue and you can rent me out?
 You can hire me out to people who you know need a plumber or need to learn about how to wire a plug and
 So actually you can hire people for practical purposes as well
 I think it'd be a weird thing to do to go to your library as a first port of cool if your toilets blocks, but
 It's worth a try currently
 I really I have a lot of faith in YouTube for all of those things. Yeah. Yes. Yeah, I had to sew up
 My five-year-olds one of his poor patrol toys that have split down its back
 It was Marshall for those of you interested in the best
 Great guy. I love him. That's the prone. That's why he's funny. Yeah, and
 Ironically, it's he's the one who got split down his back
 Typical Marshall
 And I got a needle and thread for the first time since I don't know when this century and start and then thought how do you finish?
 Oh, I must have been taught this at primary school
 I'm sure but I don't remember and I found a YouTube video that told me how to sew
 Wow, and how do you finish you do like a little knot at the end or something?
 You don't put it all the way through you leave a loop and go in that
 And they do another one of those and then you're done. I've left
 Proudly left Marshall on the table
 Well, we started talking about Paw Patrol that was so much in his comfort zone
 I've ever seen him on this podcast. He was like
 Just on Anna you were just talking about things that you could take out from libraries
 Yeah, curious things so outside of people you can also get really
 Sort of practical things for your house like light the Philadelphia library allows you to get cake pans for if you're baking
 That's pot so you can get a book and a cake pan. Yeah, you can at the Ann Arbor Library of Michigan as well
 You can rent out lots of weird tools and it says we only stocked the unusual tools that you might not have in your own house
 Which is a kind of a good idea, right? Because with a cake pan, you know, I'm only gonna make one cake every three years or whatever
 So I don't want to buy a whole pan for it much better to just hire it out in my time. I've lived with several unusual tools
 They know who they are
 Um guys, this is on books and
 Fagely this fact and we just never mentioned on the show
 And I think we should talk about the fact that Boris Johnson wrote a novel in 2004. Has any of you read it?
 No, I've seen it
 It's called something virgins very very well done. It's a certain number of virgins
 It's littered with racial stereotypes, isn't that right? I think I read about it in the Guardian
 The racial stereotype detectives column
 Well, you won't be surprised to know the telegraph called it effortlessly brilliant
 This is genius, this is exactly what I think
 Therefore it must be excellent
 It does sound I mean it's extraordinary first of all
 It's about a sort of bumbling gaffe prone bike riding MP who's vaguely in trouble for a sexual indiscretion and
 It's a Marina Hyde read it
 So we don't have to and tweeted a few of the quotes from it one quote is Boris Johnson wrote these words
 She was looking this may sound crude
 But it is no less than the truth like a lingerie model only cleverer and if anything with bigger breasts
 Just write those words in a book although it is meant to be a farce so to be fair. Well, that's what his premiership is turning out to
 I read about that. I read an article that suggests that people who are storytellers like Boris Johnson as you say
 Have more children than non storytellers
 This was a couple of
 anthropologists who are looking at the Agta people who live in the Philippines and they're a hunter-gatherer group and they don't really
 Then one of these groups that aren't really affected by the Western world very much
 And they looked at the people who tell the stories in the group and they found that they are more desirable social partners
 They ask people of all these ones this guy does lots of
 Finding food and this guy tells lots of stories and this guy does a lot of fixing things
 Who would you most like to have sex with most of the people said they wanted to have sex with the storytellers?
 Really? Yeah, is that because they don't have poor patrol to put on for five hours there
 So they know when they have kids they need someone who's going to sit up doing the bedtime story thing
 They didn't they didn't come up with any idea why it might be the case. They just said it was the case
 Interesting. Well, it does figure doesn't it? Good old Boris. Maybe the only way to shut the storyteller up is to have sex with them
 I was reading about in terms of old storytelling traditions in China. They have pingshu which is a
 version of the
 Any sort of group that has that one person who knows all of the stories and all the traditions of the people and what led them to
 This current point that's their version of it and for a very long time
 these people were so revered that radio channels would just play them and
 Farmers would have the radio out there listening to these long stories and those classic Chinese stories that date back
 From ages and ages ago that they're simply telling over and over but as far as I can tell pingshu is a bit different to other storytellers in that
 While they're telling the story
 They break off to give commentary about it and the commentary is their own personal opinion
 Which they could go on for 20 minutes or so and it's a tradition that is kind of still going on
 So the old stories aren't engaging the kids anymore. So they have to use news stories
 So there's a guy who's been going since 2012
 Telling in pingshu the entire harry potter book series and he's going to finish it
 Some he's on the order of the phoenix right now in 2020. So that's book five
 I believe and so these little diversions in in the second book
 You've got the three-headed dog in chamber of secrets
 He'll then go into greek mythology for 20 minutes to talk about the three-headed dog away from the so it's the worst to me
 Kind of storytelling. Yeah, you want to hear the story and then your son again 20 minutes about the greek info
 You know, yeah, it's like someone leaning over your shoulder when you're reading going. I love this bit of this bit
 Oh, this guy's awful, isn't he? You don't you don't want that. I think it sounds
 Does it not sound more like footnotes or something? That's true. Actually, that's true
 How quickly I've buckled I'm really into it
 Sounds awesome
 James do all your favorite works of fiction have footnotes
 Well, I think the problem is that I don't really read fiction very much
 I read a lot of nonfiction and what dan's describing sounds more like a nonfiction thing, doesn't it?
 It sounds more like okay. Now we're going to tell you some facts about Kerberus or whatever
 And to me that's I guess I just need to read more fiction. Well, sometimes you can get
 Like if you're reading a dickens book, for example, yeah, these books are so full of references in the day
 They're written in many, you know, published as they were a magazine form is full of jokes about characters of the time
 And so the footnotes in those books or they usually notes at the back of the volume
 Pages and pages in here he refers to and here this is about and this is a popular song of the time
 And this is the right of the time and this is someone think it's hated
 Yeah, that's what you can you can go to those or
 Or not. Yeah, I love the footnote. Actually, it's kind of the best bit sometimes, you know, full. It's full of weird
 facts
 I think um, James, I think you found something recently about how if
 Um, people didn't have somewhere to sleep for the night, but they couldn't afford a bed in a homeless house
 Yeah, you could sit up on seats. Can I just say we shouldn't be saying this to Alan because it will be on qi next year
 If it wasn't for the fact that I 100 know that he will have forgotten it by the time it goes out
 We shouldn't be saying it, but um, yeah
 Sorry, what did you say?
 So in victorian times if you didn't have anywhere to live but you're working in the city
 But you needed somewhere to sleep
 You could pay one pence and you would be able to sit on a bench for the night
 Or you could pay two pence and you'd be able to hang over the top of a rope, right?
 The rope would go underneath your armpits and then you would kind of sleep there and that is it dickens, isn't it? Is it?
 It's it's I remember I read about that in a footnote in one of the dickens. Yeah. Yeah one of the dickens is
 So they're good. They're maybe good fiction for you to start with james full of footnotes or david foster wallis
 If you want more footnotes than actual fiction
 Okay, any footnotes in the borris johnson, but um a lot of very arcane references that yeah, you need tons of footnotes for those
 It did sell more than the last book we wrote. Just want to make that clear
 You can get eddie is arts written in autobiography, uh, which is a great find especially like eddie, but
 He's got lots of footnotes in it, but so in the audio book that I listen to he reads the footnotes
 But of course eddies always digresses in his in his comedy. It's big part of what it does is digression digression digression
 But instead of just digressing he reads it as a book so you'll talk for a bit and then you'll go footnote
 And then he'll tell you something and then he'll say
 End of footnote and then he will carry on talking and then you go footnote
 After a while, you're going stop saying footnote. Just read it out
 Single greatest digress so it needs to be English language and now you're going foot end of footnote
 I love it. I love eddie dearly, but I could not listen to that
 Yeah edit those out. Maybe he'll hear this and go back and edit the foot. Straight back to hillary mantel
 Chapter 907 oh god don't get me started
 Okay, it is time for fact number two and that is anna
 My fact this week is that it's illegal in the uk to tickle a trout
 Trout tickling. Yeah, they don't like it. No, they do like it. That's the problem
 So I guess anyone have you guys ever
 Have you guys heard of trout tickling? Are you familiar with the concept? Have you ever tickled trout yourselves? Yeah, we have it in the north
 Can I just check that trout's not a euphemism here?
 I don't want to be kind of uncool and know that you're all talking about the penis
 It's great point
 If it is a euphemism, then I've misunderstood all of the articles I've read about
 It's an angling thing that goes back many hundreds of years and p fishman will talk about it
 And it's what you do is you dip your hand if you're trying to catch a trout without a rod
 Then you dip your hands in the water. I was actually speaking to someone. I know who says he's done it yesterday
 Dip your hands in the water and you sort of want to chase a trout under a rock
 They'll hide from you under a rock
 Then you go underneath the trout and you pull your hands up gradually until you're touching it
 And then you want to touch it at the tail end and then just sort of tickle its little belly
 Creeping your fingers up in a weird and pervy way until you've tickled it right up to the head
 And it makes them go completely motionless. They seem to love it or it at least makes them catatonic
 I heard of it. They go into a sort of a trance. Exactly. But that's illegal
 It's illegal because
 It's illegal because it's um, well, so there's a lot of angry people online who say it's a hangover from
 Classism of the olden days essentially because it's thought of as poaching because
 You if you don't have a rod then you can easily pretend that you weren't trying to poach fish from a river
 So it's a way of getting away with stealing fish from someone's river without permission
 And so it's illegal. You've got a fish with a rod in line or a net
 You're allowed to do it if you're if you're on your own property and you have your own river going through your own property
 Um, I think you are allowed to do it, right? It's only in public
 Lones, right? I can't remember years ago. I was on holiday with bill Bailey and in uh, indonesia and we were on this river
 Doing some sort of canoeing or rafting or something anyway
 It was idyllic mountains and trees and tropical foliage everywhere and floating down the river and I thought this is perfect
 Oh, what a paradise. I understand my bill comes here all the time. It's just really takes you away from everything
 He's always saying never got asthma while he was there. There's no pollution, etc.
 etc
 Then we go around the bend in the river and there's a local gentleman
 With a car battery slung over his shoulder
 connected to a metal pole
 wading in the river
 electrocute in fish
 Oh my god
 So it was suddenly completely removed from the ecstasy of communing with with nature
 The brutal reality it's kind of the only time we've ever seen has seen a car battery used like that
 Was in a film about the craze when they were torturing someone
 I mean, it's it's very resourceful
 You're going to get more fish that way really really effective. Yeah
 Oh, wow
 I think they they do try to uh people who actually are permissioned to try to kill trout like that in fact
 so I think they're invasive trout in
 Yellowstone lake
 Which are eating up all the trout that's supposed to be there and they've tried to electrify the whole lake by
 So electrocuting all the eggs, but the water didn't conduct it well enough apparently weird because water's a good conductor
 So you've got to make sure you got the voltage for it. Yeah
 And actually what they did and this is really creepy is they so this is Yellowstone lake and the native trout are the cutthroat trout
 Which is confusing because they're the good guys who are meant to be there
 And the invasive trout have come in they're eating them all up
 And so the way eventually researchers have managed to get rid of the invasive trout
 One of the ways is they suffocate the invasive ones by dumping loads of dead fish in the water
 And then that removes the oxygen from get stops the oxygen from getting in and the eggs don't survive
 So you see them like tipping all these fish back into the water suffocated by their own parents
 But it's it's all in honor of saving the cutthroat trout. So it's actually sort of a good thing depending on which side of that fence you're falling on
 Sound of the cutthroat trout. Yeah
 How do they survive all the lack of oxygen though? Or is it they hang out in slightly different parts of the lake?
 And so you just got to pick your spot. Got it. Right. Um chart tickling is mentioned in Shakespeare, isn't it?
 I reckon if you looked in the um
 In the footnotes it would be there
 It's in twelfth night when malvolio walks in and malvolio's a bit stupid
 Maria says here comes the trout that must be caught with tickling
 Don't know if that that might be one of um Shakespeare's weird sexy jokes that no one gets
 But I don't know. Yeah. Oh, could you imagine the riotous laughter at the globe?
 I actually I saw Stephen Fry being now malvolio and it was genuinely riotous laughter
 He's quite a talented man. So that's Stephen Fry. Yeah, I don't remember that specific line
 this um, I was I was reading as well about these methods of
 unconventional fishing so
 Electrifying and using chorobatteries in the water to get fish and one of the ways that a lot of people do
 It is using dynamite. So dynamite fishing you pop a bunch of dynamite in
 Blows up all the fish raised to the surface and you collect them
 And that's a big problem for a lot of places where there's coral reefs because they're absolutely
 Decimating all of these coral reefs and then the Philippines. It's a big problem in particular
 So in 2010 a group called the sea knights decided to do something about it
 Philippines is very very religious and so what they did was where the coral reef was they dumped at the bottom of the ocean
 A 14 foot tall statue of the virgin Mary so that if anyone came by they would see the virgin Mary in the ocean
 and want to pray to her as opposed to
 Decimate her with dynamite. So yeah, yeah, so they've gone back
 In 2018 eight years later and it seems to have worked. She's covered in coral
 It's growing on her now and all the coral in the area seems to be vibrant again
 Because no one's blowing it up and it's bringing a lot of tourists in so if you want to stop
 Yeah, any illegal poaching just pop a virgin Mary into your area and you should be fine
 Popping a virgin Mary into your area again does sound like a euphemism, but that is ingenious
 It's better than popping a virgin Mary out of your area
 Or is it?
 In scotland it looks it looks like it's known as guddling
 It is that's what my friend called it yesterday. He does it in the highlands
 Guddling guddler trout in scotland. It's like talking about guddling. It's a bit like cuddling, isn't it tickling and guddling and
 Touch it into a trance. It's a wonderful skill. Yeah
 I read one person who does it who says you need to be very gentle and with a delicate touch
 Much as though you are caressing your lover
 Wow, you then of course fry on the barbecue
 After you've gutted them
 [Laughter]
 Technically gobbling if you ever want to know the term specifically for trout if you're gutting a trout or chopping up a trout
 It's called gobbling according to a book of carving from 1508
 So I don't know if it's in common use anymore. A few watch that program. It's on bbc2. I think about it's called scotland from the sky
 No, yeah, I think I have seen it. It's really good
 And it's a kind of history history of scotland from the sky so aerial photography
 But in getting to the sky and use there's all kinds of
 lost history that's rediscovered and
 and one of the
 Things they were talking about in the last I'll watch it with my daughter. She loves it
 And the last one was the lost herring industry scotland used to have this huge herring industry
 And they used to export herring by the hundreds of tons to particularly to russia and
 Germany and those markets disappeared with the second world war
 But they would have herring girls and herring girls could gut herring
 They had footage black and white footage of herring girls with buckets full of herring gutting them at a terrific rate
 Cutting up 40 fish in a minute
 It's absolutely extraordinary kind of lost art and lost industry
 I wonder why it was the girls who did it just didn't the boys were on the boats and the girls were doing the gutting and that's how
 That's how it worked
 I remember reading about those herring girls and they used to you know
 They were really cliquey and they would like do all the gutting in the daytime
 And then they'd all go to the bars in the evening and they would never go home in between
 So they'd go to the bars and they'd be covered in herring guts and you know
 Really messy business the spell must be unbelievable
 That's a human library book. You wouldn't want
 Yeah, it's gotten from the sky it's worth a watch
 There's another thing in there about creating this so they kind of can't create fish traps by building a kind of l shape
 out of rock
 Into a tidal river and as tide goes out fish get caught up here in the owl and then
 The catch it was incredibly efficient way of catching fish so much so that
 They had too many and then they ended up dead fish were poisoning the locks
 It became it was made illegal sometime in the 19th century, but it was yeah
 Yeah genius ways of trapping fish
 The scots are all over it
 Feels like cheating to me
 Yeah, um, you know we had a conversation a few weeks ago about how did all the fish get in the lakes?
 Oh, yeah, and this weird mystery and I don't any guesses
 You know when you got late
 Stick with basic evolution
 Helpless other than that basic evolution. Yeah, you're basically running the mill
 evolution
 Okay, I'm standing me but something like that
 They just used to be a me but okay, thanks for that answer cut to 10 million years
 Um, even Darwin doesn't agree with you there. So Darwin thought that
 The way that the fish had got into the lakes was the eggs that little fish eggs that attach to bird feathers
 And then in the sea and then birds had flown and sort of dropped them over lakes
 Which is generally how people thought these fish got in lakes, but there's actually no
 Christians Christians just laugh at it, you know
 Yeah, whatever the eggs were on the wings of the birds, that's right
 I mean it sounds ridiculous
 They've got a point but the thing is Alan who made the amoeba
 You know, we can all say that it went from amoeba to fish in the lake
 But you know, you need the perfect conditions to create life
 Liquid and you've got to be in the gold eloxone James. Okay, got it. It's not it's not Lancashire
 Wow life on earth did not start in Lancashire. I know you credit a lot of things with lancas. That's why life on earth did not begin there
 But that is where it reached its absolute peak
 In the Harkin household
 We've topped out, we've topped out
 Humans are officially going downhill now
 Are you going to tell us where these fish came from?
 Yeah, so they don't we think there's no evidence that this happens
 Although it tends to be what everyone still thinks is the cause of fish ending up in lakes
 But the the latest theory which a few people sent us after the show because it was on a podcast that same week
 When you mentioned it and I think it was Jim Alcalely was saying that a Jim Alcalely podcast inside science
 That birds eat and this is going to sound even more ridiculous to the creationist
 But birds eat fish eggs
 But fish eggs actually survive going through their digestive tracts with some fish
 And then they poo them out when they're flying over a lake and the eggs end up in the lake
 I'll go with that
 You know, this is just going to annoy the Christians even more
 The reason you've got fish in lakes is acts of god, you know
 Huge storms where sea creatures get swept up into the air and then reigned on land
 All these there's always an act of god, right? That's god's throwing fish down
 He must be annoyed or happy or he's got too many fish or
 He's having a clear out and they land in the lakes
 Yeah
 Some stuff on trout maybe
 Yeah
 Female trout's fake orgasms. I'm sure you guys saw this
 So when a female is ready to spawn she kind of quivers a little bit and that kind of turns the male on
 And then he gives her his um sperm
 But sometimes she will do that when she's not going to release any eggs because it makes all the other trout in the area horny
 And it's either that then she gets a really good mix of DNA from all the different trout
 Or that all the males then start fighting each other and so she ends up with the best possible male
 Oh clever. Yeah. Yeah
 Right, cool. So this was a study that was done by the swedish national board of fisheries
 A guy called Eric Peterson and they checked out 117 different spawnings and they found that 69 were false
 They were false orgasms and I just like it's a very sexy number to have landed on
 Sexy number
 All this just makes me think of Mike trout the
 Baseball player. Are you familiar with Mike trout? I am. He's like the best baseball player ever, isn't he?
 It's one of the all-time greats. He signed a contract in 2019 with the uh, the LA angels
 Uh for four hundred and twenty six million dollars
 It was the singer at the time of signing it was the single biggest contract in the history of sport ever
 He's an extraordinary baseball player and I've actually seen him play
 Though like I love baseball and I was in Toronto working and I went to see the blue jays play
 And there it was and a guy when I went with a guy a Canadian guy
 I was working with and he has filled me in and that's trout that is trout that you're you're you are in the presence of greatness
 Why that is?
 The main thing that I know about him
 Is that they sold a baseball card of his for like five million quid or something last year or this year
 Maybe and it was the most anyone's ever spent on a baseball card
 um
 Wow, and I think like what I always thought about that was
 He is only and I think he's in his late 20s, isn't he?
 So there's so many chances that he gets cancelled in the next five or six years and that card just becomes complete
 It's not like buying it's not like buying a Babe Ruth one where you know, you know, this is kind of done
 You can't not be a fan of anyone except people whose careers are over just in case they
 I think they're not bought by fans. They're more bought by collectors, aren't they?
 Like the most money ever spent on a card before that
 I don't know the name of the guy but they only ever made one or two of these cards because he hated smoking
 And he refused to let cigarette companies sell his card
 And so they made one or two of them and he wasn't even a great baseball player
 I don't think but they you know it became really rare and then people paid millions of dollars for it. Wow
 Mike Trout, you want to tickle Mike Trout? That's the most expensive Trout you can possibly get
 Tickle Mike Trout into a trance
 Yeah, you're winning
 Is this one of these people he'd probably be good at any sport and I mean he could do anything
 Field any position
 Hit do anything better than anyone. If you had nine of him, you'd win every game
 So what you need is the keeper the keeper behind him just slowly tickling his bum as he's going to hit
 I don't know much about baseball rules, but I can't think that's allowed, is it?
 Very rarely do you it's not really a contact sport in that sense
 You're not going to get many opportunities to really tickle him to a coma, but if you get one take it
 Yeah
 Just one more thing on trout that I really liked is coral trout, which are these beautiful red spotty fish in the west west of the
 Pacific Ocean and they are doing this really clever thing
 Which it was previously thought was only possible for great apes and for ravens
 You know ravens are always super clever and essentially they recruit other animals to help them hunt
 And so they'll chase prey smaller fish into crevices, but they are too big and fat to squeeze into the crevices
 So they recruit eels and octopuses because octopuses have tentacles to get them out for them
 And they do that by going up to them and performing this series of signals
 Which essentially says hey, can you come on a hunt with me?
 And so they do kind of headstands
 They'll flip over onto their head and wiggle around and they'll do specific like head shakes
 And then they'll lead an eel or an octopus to where they've chased this bit of prey
 And they'll point at where they've got to go to get it out
 And it's they're the only animals aside from apes and ravens who are known to do
 Referential gestures as in you know when you're but you're pointing at something and they'll point and they'll say
 Can you go in there and get some of those fish out and in return the eel or the octopus which like puts its arm in there
 Gets a little bit of the fish catch as well. So they get to share it. That's amazing
 Like I'm even quite impressed by the eel in this situation because like if I pointed something
 To my cat the cat has no idea what I'm pointing at. She just looks at my finger, right?
 Yeah, so the fact that the eel even knows that that's what he's pointing at. I just
 I know that was an airplane
 Look at the garneel
 They don't point your things out
 Oh
 Okay, it is time for fact number three and that is james
 Okay, my fact this week is that all of the cheese eaten on Antarctica is past its expiration date
 Yummy
 Yum. Yum. Yum. Why are we just sending them our rejected food?
 Well, this is well first of all, I saw this in a video on the pbs youtube page
 And it was an interview with tom senty who's the culinary manager in the mcmurdo galley
 And he was talking about how they get all the food in and he says basically all the food comes by boat
 And it takes so long to get to Antarctica and most of this cheese has got an expiration date of maybe one month
 Two months three months by the time it gets there. It's always out of date
 But they are in Antarctica. So luckily it's very cold. They can just freeze it and it's all fine
 But technically if they were in a shock, they wouldn't be able to sell it
 And you can always just scrape them all off. I suppose once it gets there, but yeah, exactly. It's cheese. Cheese
 That's forever, doesn't it?
 Exactly can't they drop food out of a plane? They can so
 Every now and then I think like once every three or four months and only in the summer
 They do have a plane that comes with food
 But they can only fit so much in there
 And so they always go for the really fresh stuff like salad and vegetables and fruits and stuff like that
 Because they can get away with the cheese. They don't bring cheese in there
 So this is the last place that Deliveroo haven't got to
 I think it says go on and ask for a wagon mummers. Oh, yeah
 Your rider has left the restaurant. He'll be with you in nine months
 And then you look again and it's ten months
 He's nearby. Please go to resuscitate him
 He has hypothermia. It's a really amazing video this video
 You get to see it's a sort of journalist going around and showing you all of the canteens that you meet all the chefs and
 Basically, as james says, it's not just the cheese that it's expired
 Basically, most of the food has expired and it's all frozen and they have a phraser
 Which is that expiration dates or a suggestion as opposed to as a thing that you meant to take for real
 But the way that they have to plan for these big ship contaminants of food to come in
 Mean that they're making a million meals and they have to plan that 18 months in advance for every time those shipments come
 So it's a huge operation
 It's mad level of meal planning. Me as someone who decides half an hour in advance what i'm having for dinner
 It must be helping the chefs and they get proper good chefs, don't they?
 so I think I was reading an interview with the
 British chef who says it's it's a quite a fun job because it's such a challenge
 But he'll make Thai curry and Moroccan tajin and meatballs and burritos and this is all with ingredients that arrived sort of eight months earlier
 And you do so he has to put in an order. It's like the most high pressure tesco order ever
 You put in an order once a year for all the food ingredients
 So you're going to need to last an entire year if you forget coriander. That's it
 You're done for
 But says on the on the youtube channel that if you don't get a delivery
 There's a lot of fish obviously in that article if you can catch it but other than that all the really is to eat is seal placenta
 Which the penguins laugh badly
 What's wrong with the rest of the seal?
 It must be the best bit
 But you couldn't get a seal I suppose
 Well, you don't have to catch the placenta
 They did used to bludgeon seals back in the day sort of when Scott was there and they would take the
 Blubbery bits and they would mix that into a porridge that they would make to sort of use that
 Which is disgusting
 But they're not allowed to do that anymore because there's this whole Antarctic treaty which got set up which sort of yeah the old
 Antarctic boring treaty that they set up
 Which means you can't yeah, you can't do that anymore. You can't sort of
 It's political greatness gone mad. I think we all agree
 It does sound like they ate better back in the day like Scott's expedition obviously famously
 He didn't eat very well towards the end
 But when he was an Antarctic before he went to find the South Pole he lived at Cape Evans in a hut
 Which sounded like they were living the life of Riley
 So he wrote in his diary all the meals they had and they'd have things like sort of several courses
 They'd have turtle soup. They had a stewed penguin breast in red current jelly
 They were having crystallized ginger and champagne
 They cooked they used penguin blubber as oil to cook it and although apparently didn't taste very nice
 So they really I mean before he ended up accidentally going on an expedition where he only brought half the calories he needed
 Then he was living the high life
 Most interesting thing about Scott though is that he is the spitting image the doppelganger
 of John Lloyd the
 The reason that we all know one another the creator of
 Creator of qi and I know this because I went to I was touring in New Zealand and I went to a museum in Christchurch
 and because a lot of the Antarctic
 expeditions set off from New Zealand and they had a
 replica of the
 Of a hut that they were going to take with them and erect when they got there and it's a
 Well, you think of a hut you think of a shed, but this was really enormous
 several rooms and planks of wooden tables and and then a picture of
 There's the biggest double take I've ever done in my life
 On the wall dressed in some hundred year old explorer outfit standing in a heart in a sepia photograph was John Lloyd
 It's extraordinary
 It's a little known fact that the reason captain oats left the tent is because scott was just telling me all these tedious facts
 Another quite interesting thing about penguins. I'd go for a walk
 I may be some time
 No, it's quite interesting
 Um, eating penguins can be quite good for you or it was back in the day because it contains vitamin C
 Which would help you get scurvy
 Chocolate lots of chocolate chocolate on the outside
 They should have taken more penguins on that expedition 200 000 penguins they have all lived
 The um the belgica uh when that got stopped in Antarctica in 1897
 They decided they were going to eat penguins to stop them from getting scurvy
 And so but they needed to catch some penguins, right?
 So they came up with a rule where every time that someone caught a penguin they would give them some money
 And just try and encourage people to go and catch penguins
 Uh, but then they realized that all you had to do was play a tune on your trumpet
 And the penguins would just come and stand right next to you because they loved the music so much
 And that became the way that they caught them all and so
 First of all, they would play the cornet or the trumpet and then there was one guy who pulled out his banjo and started playing a long way to Tipperary
 And apparently the penguins loved that and they would come right up to him and hang out with him
 And then one scottish member of the expedition started to play the bagpipes
 And apparently the penguins fled in terror and plunged back into the sea
 I went to the end of the festival and stayed in a hotel on Prince's street and uh, it's pretty busy Prince's street as you know
 But it's very very very quiet in the morning apart from 10 a.m
 Outside Waverly station a bagpiper starts up that i've never in my life wanted an air rifle more than that
 I think we can all empathize about to borrow that from my library
 Yeah, um the Antarctic was known as the womanless continent for a long time
 Because there were tiny women there
 Basically, um good name. Yeah, there was um the first women to go and stay further evidence
 That women are a bit a little bit less stupid than men
 Some men just kept sailing to this place
 Getting out and dying and then other ones were like those men were idiots. I won't die if I go there and then they go there and die as well
 Well, I want to take credit but actually women were desperate to go weren't they they were um the first women to actually go and spend
 Like a year on the continent where uh two women called Jackie Ronnie and Jenny Darlington
 And they were actually the wives of two explorers
 And all the other men on the expedition signed the petition trying to stop it from happening
 Uh and when the two women arrived on the Antarctic base
 One person who was already there fled in fright thinking that he'd gone bad because he saw two women in Antarctic
 Um but women were explicitly banned from Antarctica until the 60s and 70s in America and the UK so as in
 British Americans banned them and it wasn't because we were too smart because thousands of women were applying right from the start of
 Antarctic exploration and they were bound on partly on the grounds that they'd tried to seduce everyone's husbands
 So I think the first woman who eventually went out with the British Antarctic survey Janet Thompson
 She had to go around and properly meet and talk to all the wives of the teammates that she'd be going with to convince them
 That she was an actual scientist and not just going out to seduce all of their husbands
 Which huge effort to go to there was another quote from the British Antarctic survey a few years later
 I think which when a bunch of women applied to go to Antarctica and were turned down
 They were turned down on the grounds that there are no facilities for women in the Antarctic. No shops. No hairdressers
 Wow
 And even like these days there are more men there, but the you know, it's getting more and more level
 I think the US Antarctic program is about 60 to 65 percent men
 But in the 1980s they had there was so many men there and so few women that they had something called the cysteine ceiling
 In weddle hut in Antarctica, which was basically the ceiling of this whole hut was covered in
 naked pornographic pictures of women and
 In the 1980s there was an attempt by some Australians to turn that ceiling into an australian national heritage site of high significance
 Right, so what do you mean they kept it as it is? They wanted to put it back as it was and um, you know have it as some special
 site it was protected. So it's a bit of a mystery that they're so important to have a visual stimulus
 That you have to have the image in front of you. Yeah
 But you can't just can't just picture somebody naked in your head. Some people I just can't think of anyone
 I'm going to have to look at the actual photograph. Oh, there's one. Yes
 Some people can't picture things in their head. I can't picture things in my head
 Yeah, and that's why your ceiling is covered in porn, isn't it?
 As we say the pinnacle of human evidence
 I keep pointing them out to my cat. She's not interested. No
 No, there's a load of wheels lying on their backs on the floor
 Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show and that is my fact
 My fact this week is that in 1990 a british airways flight landed with one pilot in the cockpit and the other
 Hanging by his legs outside the front window
 It's an extraordinary story. So this was a british flight
 5 3 9 0 it left birmingham and it was heading for malaga in spain and um, they were just under 15 minutes into their flight
 They were cruising at 17,300 feet over oxfordshire when suddenly there was this huge loud bang in the cockpit
 The window on the pilot side on the left hand side suddenly flung away from the plane and
 Exposed the plane to all the air on the outside and the decompression was so great
 That the door that blocks off the pilots from the rest of the plane got ripped off its hinges
 Straight into the control panel as well as the pilot who got ripped out of the window of the plane
 And only didn't disappear because his legs got caught on the control panel
 so he was just being whack back and forth on the plane on the outside and um
 The story goes that there was a first officer who came in to see if they needed refreshments, which i don't quite believe i think
 When the doors ripped off and the plane is sent into a descent
 Um, he comes in anyway. He sees the pilot outside the front window and quickly runs and grabs his legs and has to hold him
 And the story ends with them having to make an emergency landing
 They spend 22 minutes from the moment that it happens to landing and they successfully land
 And um, he's alive. It's an extraordinary survival story
 But that's the other brilliant bit about this story that i like was two things one was that the flight attendants were taking interns to hang on to
 Because it was really exhausting and freezing cold and there was no the air was thin
 There were and they but also that they thought he was dead. They thought they were hanging on
 They thought they were hanging on to a dead person and the reason that they kept hanging on
 Was because they were worried that if they let go
 He might get sucked into the engine
 Oh, take the whole plane down potentially. Oh my days. So they were he was unconscious, right? He lost consciousness
 So it's only when they landed and they kind of i don't know how delicately they dragged him back into the witness
 But believing as they did that he was dead often if they put that point they then just dropped him out the window and he'd landed on the runway
 That might have killed him but to their amazement
 He was alive and rushed to hospital. Wow, and that's good. I hope they never told him
 I hope he woke up and said god. Thank you so much for saving my life and they didn't say no, mate
 We were just trying to stop you fucking up the engine
 It is extraordinary pretty incredible when the guy the one of the flight attendants got frostbite in his eye
 Wow and suffered per PTSD, but they there's such a suction that they they think that he's
 The equivalent weight of 500 pounds they were hanging on to
 so really terrific
 Feet of endurance and strength to save this guy or really it's bizarre story
 What is that that's about the weight of sort of four people, isn't it? Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Well, well two large blocks
 It's fake it's like two greg davis
 And seeing it all I mean it's kind of amazing that the passengers got to see everything
 Yeah, I think that's that's a real perk for the anecdote purposes once you're back on earth
 So the door blew off. Oh, would you rather not know what was happening? Maybe
 Certainly at the time you'd rather think everything was fine and handy, but
 Yeah, then you get two weeks in Southampton
 Um, what I found amazing is that in 2018 this happened again
 So there was a there was a Sichuan Airlines plane
 Going to Tibet and there was again the windscreen went and the pilot got sucked out
 And the co-pilot said I looked over to my side and half of my co-pilot's body was hanging out of the window
 Fortunately, he was wearing a seatbelt
 So they only got halfway out and they managed to pull him back in
 But that apparently it's a thing that happens. That is an advert for seatbelts if you ever get into one
 I don't ever take your seatbelt off in a plane
 Really, because if it's like something does go wrong, it's not by chance. So I'll probably be all right anyway
 No, you'll definitely go out the window
 It's nothing gonna say
 We should say so the reason that this happened was because the windscreen itself had been
 Refitted to the plane the night before and the wrong bolts had been used to secure it
 So they were half a millimeter too small
 And so it just couldn't handle the intense air pressure once it was up there and that's why it blew out
 So since then they've changed it so that they've stopped bolting them out a from the outside
 They now do it from the inside which um, it just apparently is a bit more helpful
 And uh, they make sure to use the proper bolts. This is just for anyone who's currently on the plane listening to us
 It's not going to happen again. Don't worry
 Okay, good to know they're making sure to use the proper bolts. How
 I mean, it's amazing the stuff that can go wrong. There was this 1983
 Canada flight
 Where the pilots have to check that so you check the fuel levels before you take off
 so you know how much fuel to put in the tank for your journey
 And they were a bit understaffed so the pilots had to do the checking themselves and they did it
 The electronic system was broken. So they had to use a dipstick
 So they just dip the dipstick into the fuel tank pulled it out
 You've got to figure out the volume from that and then from that
 They have to do the calculations to figure out the mass of fuel so they know how much to add and to add an extra complication
 They just switched to the metric system
 Which confused them so they used the wrong calculation
 They used a calculation as if they were converting to pounds rather than kilos
 Which given that 2.2 pounds is one kilogram meant they ended up with just under half the amount of fuel they needed
 And because their systems are broken they didn't get a warning until the plane engine just completely cut off
 And they started plummeting out the sky and fortunately the captain was an experienced glider pilot
 Which always comes in handy and so he glid them down
 Just about to safety although he did break the nose off the plane
 But it's quite confusing was that pilot hero or was he a moron?
 I mean, he did cock up the calculations. Yeah
 It's interesting, isn't it that planes they can glide down can't they really in theory a
 An aeroplane is designed so that even if both of the engines go it can
 Glide for quite a long time and actually the chance of surviving depends on how high you are because
 Obviously the higher you are the further you can get and the easier it is to get to an actual airport
 And apparently I was talking to my wife about this who is a helicopter pilot as you guys know and I was asking her like
 If we were flying in a helicopter and she collapsed
 Would I be able to land the helicopter and she reckons that there's about a 50-50 chance that I would be able to do it
 No way and survive. That's what she reckons. I reckon. Yeah, it seems a lot
 She buys into this whole thing about your family being the peak of evil
 She thinks you're an actual genius. She thinks I could jump out and just fly down. But no
 James when you say she collapses is she still telling you what to do or are you just taking control?
 She said that the main problem first of all would be throwing her body out of the helicopter
 And getting the controls before it went out of control. But if I managed to do that
 She why do you need to throw the body out? What if that it's that pilot situation again?
 And she's just fallen unconscious. It's quite small helicopter and you know, I just want to look we want to stretch out
 I want to stretch my arms
 I got to say the the 50% side of you surviving kind of makes you a dick if you do survive
 There's a lot of unfortunate things you need to do to survive there
 Apparently I wouldn't be able to hover by be able to probably make quite a hard landing
 That's a crash, right? That's a crash
 It's a crash, but the survival would be the survival would be approximately 50% but I don't know
 That's what she says. Um, I had a quite my favorite plane based story from the year
 Is one that I read about a couple of months ago, but it's that
 A there was a french businessman 64 years old and his colleagues got him a present
 And they got him like an experience present and what they got him was a flight on a fighter jet
 And this was in spite of the fact as he said afterwards
 He'd never expressed any interest at all in planes or fighter jets or desire to go in one
 So they got him this flight in this amazing fighter jet and he it took off and he felt really unstable
 He said he sort of flew off his seat as it took off because you know g-force and everything
 And he grabbed at the nearest lever to try and stabilize himself
 And what that lever was was the ejection mechanism
 And so he accidentally ejected himself from the plane. So the roof flies at the plane
 He flies out of the plane and had to surprise parachute land into a field and be taken
 Immediately to hospital where he was absolutely fine, but resentful of his colleagues
 So funny, I think the ejection mechanism shouldn't be that accessible
 Well, you do need it if you're kind of
 Imagine if it wasn't accessible and you did actually want to leave the plane
 Yeah, and then you have to you have to solve a rubik's cube just to get out of the plane or something
 Yeah, my first is in lemon but not
 Okay, that's it. That is all of our facts
 Thank you so much for listening
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said in the course of this podcast
 We can be found on our twitter accounts. I'm on @Sriberland
 James at James Harkin Alan at Alan Davis one
 Don't go to Alan Davis because that bloke's had enough shit to last a lifetime
 And Anna you can email podcast at qo.com
 Yep, or you can go to our group count, which is at no such thing or our website
 No such thing as a fish.com all of our previous episodes were up there. So go check them out
 Also, do go online to any book buying place and get yourself Alan's autobiography just ignore him
 Which is out now and uh, it's it's available amazon and that new book repository thing
 Which is really good should have looked that up, but I didn't just type it in and buy it
 Yes, please buy my book from your local bookseller. That's what you meant down
 That's what I meant do what Alan says and we'll be back again next week with another episode
 We'll see you then. Goodbye
 You
 You
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
