 Hi everybody, before we start this week's podcast, just a quick reminder to remain indoors,
 and also to say we have an announcement to make. A few weeks ago, as some of you may know,
 we put up back online the second complete year of fish. We put up 52 episodes. We are now doing
 the same thing with the first complete year of fish. Those episodes are all going back up online,
 and they are a kind of insight into how the podcast started in the first place.
 There's lots of crazy brilliant stuff on there, and if you're listening to reverse chronological
 order, you could notice the sound quality, audibly diminish, like week on week, as we get back to
 the first episode where we had a single microphone and we recorded it in a cupboard.
 So if you'd like to check that out, please do so. There is another amazing thing you can get.
 When we first put out the first year of fish on sale, it had a special accompanying vinyl LP,
 which was brilliant, and that came with a bonus episode that we recorded. That vinyl is going on
 a special flash sale this weekend. It's going to be just 12 quid, and you can check it out at no such
 thing as a fish.com. Also, of course, the cassette tape USB that we did with the complete second
 year of fish is up there too, if you want to check it out. They're both great fun, and we love
 working with the companies who made them and made them a reality, so do check them out and enjoy
 the episodes, and enjoy this episode. Oh, with the show.
 Hello, and welcome to another working from home episode of no such thing as a fish,
 a weekly podcast. My name is Dan Schreiber. I am sitting here with Anacizinski, Andrew Hunter Murray,
 and James Harkin. And once again, we have gathered around our microphones with our four favorite
 facts from the last seven days, and in no particular order, here we go. Starting with you, Andy.
 My fact is that the inventor of condensed milk, Gail Borden, had previously tried inventing a biscuit
 made of meat. Sounds delicious. I don't like condensed milk, but I've read about this meat biscuit,
 and it sounds amazing. It kind of sounds a bit like dog food, I think, but for people.
 That doesn't sound amazing, but I guess we have different tastes. He was alive in the mid-19th century,
 and there were all these problems about preserving food at the time, and feeding large numbers of
 people at a distance, or at a distance of time, so especially feeding your armies, things like this.
 This was a couple of decades before the Civil War, so he would have known there was a Civil War
 coming, needed to feed people for that. He had amazing powers of foresight, didn't he, this inventor?
 Yeah, I mean, incredible, actually. Sort of weird, he didn't make his money out of that, but he invented
 so much stuff. And one of the things he invented was a beef broth, which he then evaporated into
 this kind of syrup, and you could either fry or bake that syrup into a biscuit, and it was a universally
 derided, not actually not, you know, the scientific American said it was one of the best discoveries
 of modern times. Okay, that was a good review. It also won a gold medal at the Great Exhibition
 in 1851, but the army tried it, and they declared it was not only unpalatable, but failed to appease
 the craving of hunger, producing headache, nausea, and great muscular depression. Picky, picky.
 But can we talk about some of the other stuff that bored and invented? Because he was incredible.
 So lots of his relatives, very sadly, died of yellow fever. His mother, his wife and his son had
 all passed away because of yellow fever. So it was a summer disease, predominantly, and one thing he
 decided to invent was a giant refrigerator to keep people in until they got better. That didn't
 work. Did you read about the amphibious machine he invented? The Teretqueus. Yeah. It was
 basically one of those things that you get on the Thames in London, wasn't it? Well, like a
 Dock ribbitor. It was a Dock ribbitor. It was built for prairies. It was like a wagon that could ride
 you along the prairies, but then it transformed into a boat at the click of a button or the erection
 of a sail, I guess, once it hit the water. It was horse drawn, wasn't it, as well? Yes. So I guess the
 horse stayed on shore. No, you then attached seahorses to it once it got in the water. Yeah, the poor
 horse didn't get to ride the boat, but it was pretty unsuccessful. I think on its first outing,
 all its occupants ended up in the water, right? Oh, no. Yeah, it did. So he went out a couple times
 to the ocean. One time, as you say, it tipped over the people into the ocean. Other times, they were
 just too afraid to let him take the boat in. And I was reading an account of that, which gives you an
 idea of other food inventions that he had, because he hosted a dinner before he took everyone out on
 this boat. And there's a quote, which is from which he talked about the food that he'd concocted
 that evening out of material, from which if you knew what they were, you would turn to loathing and
 horror. I have transmuted even the dirt itself into delicacies. That was dinner before the horror
 show boat experience. That's brilliant. Interestingly, you know when he invented this biscuit. I just
 want to go back to the biscuit, which I do think is pretty cool. Yeah, so he invented this biscuit.
 And then he went to the Great Exhibition in 1851. And everyone said it was amazing. Like I said,
 the scientific American said it was amazing. Everyone thought this was going to be the next big
 thing. And so he opened up a big office in New York. Okay, where he could sell these biscuits
 from. And it was opened on Maiden Lane in New York. And it was, and I can't quite tell from Google maps.
 It was either the same building or it's next door to the building where the Hamilton's song,
 the room where it happens. That room is in a building on the same street and it's either the same
 one or it's next door to it. So are you implying that the song, the room where it happened, is about
 the room where the meat biscuit almost took off. The original probably was, right? It probably was
 about the meat biscuit and then they thought, oh, you know what, it's not doing as well as we thought,
 let's change this musical from what used to be about the meat biscuit business. Now let's add
 into something about Hamilton. If only. I didn't know what the room where it happens is. I assumed
 it was a metaphor of some kind, but you're saying there's an actual room. And Anna knows the story
 better than me, but I think is it not where they all got together and decided that the country would
 be a federal system or something like that? It was the bargaining moment, I think, between Hamilton and
 Jefferson and his second in command who was Madison. And Burr was not allowed into the meeting.
 And that's the meeting he wanted to be in because that said that's where power was and meat biscuits.
 Madison actually came out of that with his own set of demands, which is that he wanted to have
 some square gardens named after them in New York. So everyone got what they wanted a little bit.
 Back to Gail Borden for a second. Did you find, so quite a few of the biogs of him say he was
 Biven eccentric and he used to ride around Galveston on a pet bull apparently and he was quite an
 important guy. So he lived in this place called Galveston in Texas, but he actually also helped design
 it apparently. So this is in 1829, he moved there and then he helped set up all the streets of this place.
 And the way they measured streets was it was by the number of longhorn cattle that could move a
 breast down the street. So it shows in Texas at the time what was most important, the most important
 thing to transport. So a hundred foot wide street could fit 14 head of longhorn cattle.
 Wow. And then Borden basically then went on to make his condensed milk, didn't he?
 Andy. Yes. And that's what we know him best for today. So what we know and love him for today.
 But then Borden's milk is like I think in America still perhaps one of the big brands, is it?
 Yeah it is, but it wasn't called Borden's until after he died I believe. He was actually inspired
 to make the condensed milk on the way back from collecting his prize for the meat biscuit, right?
 He was obviously on a roll. Yeah. It was on the boat on the way back from London and there was cows
 there were cows on board to help feed the young kids on board and they were too distressed to produce
 their milk selfishly because of all the waves. And so a lot of the kids on board died and he
 thought we've got to have a way of getting milk that doesn't require sucking out the orders of a cow
 directly. Well the reason that he became so popular is that his milk was way better than
 everyone else's because he had what was called the dairy man's 10 commandments. And if anyone was
 going to sell him milk to condense it had to fit him with certain things that he said had to happen.
 So for instance they had to wash the cow's udders before milking and they had to sweep the
 barns clean and they had to dry the strainer's every morning and night and stuff like that. But he
 came up with these specific rules that you had to adhere to if you wanted to give him milk.
 Well he was working on his milk round about the time where milk was incredibly controversial,
 wasn't he? Because this is the 1850s and I didn't know about this thing, the great milk swill
 crisis, but I'm sure everyone else knows about it, which is basically this thing happened where until
 industrialisation people really did have a farmer bring a cow round to their door and they'd order
 milk from it. So you met the cow and you got to okay it. But with like urbanisation and stuff then
 you just had to buy milk without having met the cow firsthand. And so people used to start tampering
 with it. And a major problem was distilleries, always a bit rougish, used to basically set up
 side alleys in dairy farming and they just fill and then they just feed cows all the leftover
 kind of corn, rye, swilly mash and it was really badly infected and they'd sort of the milk would come
 out and it would be a gross watery blue colour and then they'd fill it up with things like chalk
 and plaster to make it look white and like real milk. And people were just dying by the bucket load
 because these incompetent whiskey makers were trying to give the milk. And so there was this huge
 huge crisis and huge controversy and once they cleared that up I think death rates went down about
 five times in New York. Wow. That's so interesting about, sorry to pick up on a very minor thing you said
 in that really, it's quite intense, I think about my exciting. But meeting the cow they gave you milk
 and sort of knowing its name, that's why I guess they must have the spokes cow that they have for
 orders milk which is LC. Yes. Because you would feel like okay LC's in charge here, she's
 she's looking after so they've had over 50 LC's over the year. Do you think everyone in America
 thinks that they're all getting milk from this one exhaust account? She puts on such a brave front
 but my girl, she's naked. Yeah. We've mentioned LC before. Anyway, like incredibly briefly, we mentioned
 her when we were talking about I think she was censored because she had others and LC has undergone a
 bit of a transformation from the first time she appeared. She used to be a complete cow. She used to be
 actually a cow and then she's kind of started, she was put on her hind legs and she was dressed in
 pinnifles and things and so she was in the kind of uncanny valley between human and cow and I think
 Hollywood censored her because she was a bit too sexy that for a cat, sexier than a cow should be
 basically. You do want to be turned on while you're trying to eat your breakfast cereal. No way.
 The fake cow. Okay. I do actually just if we're on milk, I have one more thing about condensed milk
 because I think I might have found an earlier example of condensed milk which is St. Cuthbert.
 St. Cuthbert was alive in the 7th century AD and he, according to legend, he chopped his own leg off
 after speaking angrily to his parents and it was then replaced with a cast that was made of milk
 and so I think that is a possible example of earlier milk conversation. What are you talking about?
 So, you know, miracles happen and if you've cut your own leg off because you've been speaking
 angrily to your parents and you're a morseful, sometimes God will grant you a new leg and his new
 one happened to be made of milk. Anyway, there's one weird connection which is that there is a St. Cuthbert's
 cooperative society which was a shop. It's now called Scottmid so it's one of the big Scottish
 grocery shops and they hired in 1944 Sean Connery as a milkman today. No way. Yeah. So, so what's the link
 again? Well, the Supermarket. It's called St. Cuthbert's cooperative. And Sean Connery got to do
 that. Has he got a leg made of milk? Yeah, it's the man with the milk he liked. They see
 it with the man with the golden gun. It was one of Cue's less popular gadgets.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two and that is my fact. My fact this week is that in 2014
 four non-related economists with the surname Goodman published a paper about the economics of
 surname sharing. The paper was titled A Few Good Men. Very clever. You've got to wonder what came
 first that title or any of the rest of it. Actually none of them was called Goodman when they first
 started the paper. They all had name changes. Well, they were very strict about that actually because
 they claimed that this is the first paper co-authored by four non-related surname sharing economists
 and there was a thought that this could be challenged because there was a paper published by
 Scarbeck, Scarbeck, Scarbeck and Scarbeck back in 2012. But they disqualified it from beating them
 to it because they said it was written by two brothers and there are two wives. So they argued that
 first the fact that the two wives had their maiden names before they started the paper and then
 took on the name Scarbeck disqualifies them. So they did it during the research and also one of the
 brothers and his wife are not economists. They're attorneys and so that also knocked them out. They were
 very thorough. So in this paper they looked at how likely it is for other groups of economists with
 the same name to share papers, didn't they? They had a data set with loads of names of economists and
 they found that 45% of them share a surname with at least one other economist. So I think that it
 might be helpful. But the main reason that they think this whole thing might help is that if you
 have loads of people with the same name then you don't have that problem where the paper is by Dan
 Schreiber et al and we don't see who the other people who wrote the paper are. Why do they just pluralise
 this surname basically? By four Goodmans. They just say by Goodman et al but they don't refer to exactly
 which Goodman is the first Goodman. So actually everyone is getting equal billing. It's like if we
 all changed our name to Toshinsky and then we went to do a gig and then in big lights on the
 theatre it said Toshinsky, Toshinsky, Toshinsky, Toshinsky and Toshinsky. We wouldn't know who was the
 top of the bill. Of course it would be me but we wouldn't know who it was. Yeah, exactly. I'm not
 fully for that. I'm not rocking up to a fish gig with Harkin and et al. Nice try buddy.
 I wouldn't think about surnames and actually this is a Beatles fact so Dan I'm probably going to
 defer to you on this one. But is it the case that Paul McCartney wrote yesterday? Yes.
 This quiz is easy. All right. Next. Okay. No but I read that John Lennon became furious when he
 was in hotels because quite a lot of the time the person playing the piano in the hotel would play
 yesterday as a tribute to him and he hadn't written any of that song at all. It wasn't a Lennon
 McCartney song. It was just a McCartney song and so that made him furious. Yeah, that's true. Yeah.
 So if you're if you ever see Andy in a hotel and you want to pay tribute to him,
 don't play him the episode of No Switch Things A Fish where Alex Bell was here instead of him
 because that'll just annoy him. Exactly. I'll be so angry. I'll be amazed at your piano skills
 if you can play that. Go imagine those poor penis getting requests. Do you know episode 313?
 No such thing as a banana with Wi-Fi? It's the same, dude. Everyone's the same.
 I'm on surnames in academia and problems at this poses. So the same surname problem is a
 serious issue and it's especially an issue in China because in China there are 200,000 people per
 unique surname. So they've got far fewer surnames in China and I read a piece written by a Wang,
 a J Wang, who is saying there are more than 1200 J Wangs in nano-science alone. So this is hell.
 So if you want to find an individual academic, you can't find them because you have, you know,
 200,000 Wangs to deal with. So now in academia you get something called your orchid, which is
 standardized now across most journals. So rather than being one of a billion, you know, Smiths,
 Wangs, you have to have a 16-digit number. But there is an issue because dead scientists probably
 won't sign up to this orchid system because they can't. And so the worry is that now if you're a
 deceased scientist, your academic work is going to become harder and harder to source.
 So have you guys heard of Dick Astman? No, I've never heard of it. He was a gas station employee from
 Canada and his name, if you look him up on Wikipedia, his name propelled him to celebrity status across
 North America for four months in 1995. Wow, that is like the, who is it? The Andy Warhol, isn't it? It's
 there. Everyone has their four months of fame. Yeah, exactly. I think it's because David Letterman
 found out that there was someone called Dick Astman. He found this so funny that he, you know,
 kept on referring to him. This became known as Asmania and eventually, eventually, his dad, by the way,
 was called Adolf Astman, which is amazing. I mean, what an amazing. Yeah. Wow. If you were only
 allowed to change one of those names, it's so hard to know which shoes.
 He became super famous and then he faded into obscurity. But there was another Astman recently who
 got in trouble over a vanity license plate. Another Canadian, I believe, who had Astman on his license plate
 and the authorities said, "No, you can't have that." Anyway, that's that name. I have a very random
 surname fact while we're just lobbing in some good old surname. I just read this late last night,
 Silla Black, the singer and TB show host. I found out what her real surname is. Do you guys know
 where her real surname is? No. Silla White. And she only got the name change as a result of a
 misprint in a mercy beat newspaper when she was starting out that called her Silla Black. And she
 just went, "Oh, that's a bit of a misprint, isn't it?" It's a massive type. Yeah, it's not a type
 or an old. It's literally the difference between black and white. Yeah, good, cool. But I can't believe
 she styled it out and just went, "Oh, yeah, yeah, that's me." Like, when a boss says your name wrong in
 a meeting, you just go, "Okay, I guess I'm Mike for this meeting." Yeah, she did it for her whole career.
 Okay, it's time for fact number three and that is Anna. My fault this week is that if you wanted to have
 a bath in Paris in the 1820s, you could have one delivered to your door. This is the bath delivery
 service. Did you have to take the bath outside of the door or could you bring it into your house?
 Oh, what? It was brought into your house. Sorry, so it was delivered to your door and then up your
 stairs and into whatever room you chose to bathe in. So this was called the Bant and Domicille
 and it was so popular in Paris in the 1820s. And yeah, someone would come along, a guy called
 a thermo floor would deliver a bath to your doorway and then they'd also bring these metal rails
 so they could wheel it up the stairs on these rails, plunk it down. They also came with a dressing
 gown and a towel and you could order your flavour of bath. So if you wanted a hot bath, you would say,
 if you wanted a refreshing cold bath that I may have been less money, I don't know, but that was
 also an option. I know when you say flavours, I don't usually associate hot and cold as flavours.
 So was there any of the anything else that you could choose like pistachio?
 I think there was one other choice. Mineral. Yeah, it's not again, not a flavour. Mineral is not a flavour.
 Well, I think it spices up bath time a bit if you do refer to them as flavours.
 Turn on the hot flavour, cold flavour. Sure. Try it next time.
 I love the fact that they brought a longer towel. That feels like the least important bit of the
 entire enterprise. What? So was there a porcelain bath they were bringing? Or was it made of something like?
 Andy, what do you do? Do you just trip dry whenever you get out of the bath? Of course I do.
 Of course I do. Just stand in the street letting nature do its work.
 It's very important to bath time to have a towel, obviously.
 Do you jump out like a dog and shake all of the water off you?
 I just shake it off once and then I'm normal again.
 Sorry, you were saying, was it a porcelain? Anna, was it porcelain?
 They were made of various different materials. Apparently someone made of leather and some were foldable,
 pleabla, apparently, said in one article. But I guess if it was leather and you had like a hot
 flavoured bath then it might what? I don't, maybe they had better technology that we've now forgotten.
 Like secret leather, yeah. Yeah. I love the bath. Your playing is a weird sex game.
 I must have been a no questions asked service.
 Anyway, what a great service. It seemed to sort of disappear, as I guess trends do.
 I think there were a thousand of these baths for Rent in Paris by the mid-1820s.
 And then they receded again. Bathroom was a bit controversial. I think some people thought it was a bit
 lascivious. There was a famous prostitute, a quarter-seff, French quarter-san, who had two baths.
 And that was a bit frowned upon. Like, oh, that's the kind of thing courtesans do.
 And one of her baths that was made of silver, she had three taps.
 One of which delivered water and another delivered milk and the other champagne.
 Just on the flavour thing though, because James was saying stuff about, what did you say? Like
 almond and stuff like that? I said pistachio, but it was just the first flavour that came into it.
 Yeah, but that was a thing. Like, there was the sort of prototype back then of the bath bomb that
 gives the colour and aroma that you get with them in the form of things like clouded, powdered,
 almond paste. And then milk was another big one. And largely I think that was a modesty thing for women.
 The idea was that you would have the bath, not necessarily in a bathroom, but possibly in an open room.
 And so it just created a layer of camouflage to stop your bits from being seen.
 You see that, but I think, let's say you have some nice redox in your bath or something,
 and it smells of lavender, then you come out of your bath and you smell like lavender.
 I probably don't want to smell like milk after you get out of the bath. Don't you know what I mean?
 I like milk. I wouldn't mind smelling like, is the milk fresh? That's the big question.
 To begin with, it will be. That's a really good challenge.
 If you're using the Peyton Murray drip dry method, then over time that milk will curdle.
 Also, I don't know how clean you can claim you are if you're stepping out of the bath and you're
 sort of covered in bits of pine nut and almond seed and whatever else it was that they had.
 Well, there was another thing where you used to have, and this was more for the aristocracy,
 you would have two baths. So you would have the bath that had the bath bomb in it,
 like the milk and the almond, you'd go in and wash down, then you'd get out and go into your next bath,
 and that would be just the clear water, and you could just wash in the purity of that and then get out.
 According to the Smithsonian, I read this on the website. Sometimes you wouldn't actually get
 into your actual bath. You would wrap yourself in blankets and then you would lie or sit on sticks of
 wood which were balanced across the tub of water. I can't believe this is true. You're being steamed.
 Yeah. Basically, yeah. I mean, I really can't believe this is true. Is that to make you more healthy
 to consume and to give you a more satisfying crunch? That's why you do it to broccoli, isn't it?
 It's weird that we're talking about baths in this one, and someone we've talked about earlier
 in this podcast has quite a strong connection to bathing. Adolf Asman. Adolf Asman, I dread to think
 of the bath that he'd come up with. Gelborden of meat biscuit fame. Also invented a wagon which
 women could wheel down the beach into the shore, and then they could descend from there into the water
 without anyone saying them, which we had in the Victorian era, but he invented that in America,
 that's the ladies to use, so a bathing entrepreneur as well. Do you guys know who invented the
 heart shaped bath tub? No, I can't believe they're not famous for it though. Have you guys heard of
 the heart shaped bath? No. No. Okay, so this is a thing in America, I think, which is where you have
 a bath tub which is shaped in the classic heart, you know, so I guess the two of you sit, it's for
 couples. The invention of this thing was a guy called Morris Benjamin Wilkins, and I just, I like him so
 much this guy, because he served in the US Navy, he was in submarines, and then he came out of the navy,
 came out of the submarine and decided to invent a new kind of bath tub, I guess, to preserve a bit
 of the submarine experience. And again, that's the opposite. That's the opposite experience.
 In a submarine, you're out of the water. You're right, if you wanted to do that, he would just be in
 the sheath inside the bath. Yeah. He would be in like a metal sheath. Yeah. Okay. Or laying on the
 twigs above the bath like your other invention. Did he get fired from being a submarine? Because
 you get trying to fill up the submarine. Okay, I badly misspoke. He hated submarines so much
 that he vowed to create the opposite of a submarine, which was a bath. But he, he, if you look him up,
 again, on Wikipedia, it says that he is credited with making the Pocono Mountains in Northeast
 Pennsylvania, the honeymoon capital of the world. Now, I have never heard of these mountains before now,
 so I don't know if they really are. But he invented this bathtub, and then he was so emboldened by it,
 Wilkins, that he went on to create the champagne glass bath tub. This is unbelievable. It's seven,
 it's an actual champagne glass, and you know, one of the shallow ones, not a very high flute.
 That'd be a disaster. One that's based on Murray Antoinette's press. Exactly. Yes. And it's, it's that
 shallow shape of a coupe, and you can both sit in there, but you are seven feet off the ground,
 and supported by this incredibly narrow look. Wow. Yeah, it's really cool. How do you get in there?
 Oh, I think you need a ladder to get in there. No, you're in, you're in a much higher champagne
 flute, and you kind of roll over the edge into that. Okay, it's time for our final
 fact of the show, and that is James. Okay, my fact this week is that dogs can suffer from a
 sprained tail if they get too happy. Sweet. So nice. Yeah, it's sweet, isn't it? So this, I read
 about this in a news article about Rolo, who was a seven-year-old Daxund, who managed to strain his
 tail by wagging it so hard. His family are at home a lot more at the moment, and so he's always happy
 because his humans are around. And so he kept wagging his tail, and he strained the ligaments.
 And it turns out that strained tails is a thing with dogs that you need to worry about. I've never
 had a dog, so I didn't know about this, but apparently it's a problem. How problematic is it? Because
 their tails aren't offering that much, are they? A bit of balance, but if you sprain it, it's not
 like an ankle. I guess it's just more painful than awkward for their lives. It's a thing called
 limber tail. It's also called dead tail, swimmers tail, cold tail, frozen tail, sprained tail,
 limp tail, sprung tail and broken tail. Lots of synonyms for it. Did you say swimmers tail? Swimmers
 tail, because that's one of the main times you get a sore tail if you're a dog. If you get swimming
 in water that's too cold or too hot, so either of the flavours, then it narrows the space
 where your spinal cord goes through, and that can cause basically the bones to rub against the
 ligaments and stuff, and that can cause problems and cause you to have injured ligaments.
 Ouch, so always request the mineral option for your dog bath.
 It's exactly, yeah. Is this quite common, James? Is this something that a lot of people
 who have dogs are off to have the vet for? I don't think it's the most common thing in the world,
 but it is definitely a thing that happens if you look on the internet and Google "Engine
 Tail." Like I say, I don't have a dog, and I do have a cat and she seems fine. Yeah, it's not as
 common as worms, is it? No, it's less common than worms, but more common than being hit by a meteorite.
 I've grown up with dogs and we never had to take them to the vet for a sprained tail, but then we
 made sure they were never happy. Just didn't want the hassle. It's not just happy that they
 wag their tails when they are, right? It's strong. They do it when they're angry, they do it when
 they're about to attack. There's different kinds of wax, and I was reading, there was a guy
 called Dr. Roger Mugford who invented a wagometer, and the wagometer, so Dr. Mugford, probably best known
 for retraining Prince Anne's bull terrier dotty after a bit two boys. That's how I know him.
 Best known. Unbelievable. So he created the wagometer, which can indicate whether or not the dog is happy
 or angry or about to attack, and it's a sensor that's attached to its tail. What it's used for, though,
 is when they do dog shows, they want to sometimes tell who's the happiest dog, so the wagometer
 is put on the dogs, and it monitors the wag that's going on to then officially scientifically
 using Mugford's wagometer to determine who the happiest is. I think we're all Mugford's here.
 They do definitely have different wags, though, that you can kind of tell, so if it's,
 apparently if they do like a really slow, quite stiff wag, then that's when they're saying, go away,
 I might attack you, I'm anxious. But left and right is the difference, too. So if they I had no idea
 about this before looking this up, that a tail wagging to the left is negative emotions,
 and wagging to the right is happy. And I thought that dogs just wag their tails left and right.
 Yeah. The wag was a wag. I would have thought a wag would be left and right,
 then left and right. Exactly. Yeah. Oh no, they lean. They tend to one side, unless our dogs
 are a bit lopsided, but they don't. Is it a stage left or? Is it a dog's left or is it my left?
 It's the dog's left. Yeah. Is that important to know? It's from the perspective of the dog,
 because it's about brain hemispheres, right? The same is in Yemen. So amazingly, they've got similar
 brain hemisphere responsibilities as we do. And so when they're wagging to the right and they're happy,
 that's because the left side of their brain is kind of active when they're feeling relaxed and chill.
 And then the right side of their brain is active when it's an emergency. And so that's why they
 then wag the left. That's where, because whenever I do the hoki-koki, whenever I put the right
 leg in, it always feels really relaxed. But then as soon as I put the left leg in, I feel really anxious.
 You're misaligned. There are researchers at Keo University. They have invented a tale for humans.
 That's great. So a full-sized tale for humans. And the idea is that it will help you to walk around
 bend over and anything that you might find a little bit tough to do because your body has
 things that it can't do. The tale will just help balance you. When you say a full-sized tale,
 do you mean are we talking kangaroo length or are we talking dog length? More kangaroo-y than dog,
 because it has to balance your entire upper body. So let's say you're running a bath and you have
 to bend over. I've got a shower kind of screen next to my bath. So it's kind of hard to bend
 around and turn my bath on without getting in the bath. But if I had a tale, I could do it easily,
 because that would just balance me out. And I could kind of bend my body in any direction. And it
 might be useful, especially for elderly people who have, like, limited mobility. It might help them
 to bend over and reach things that they can't normally reach. So it might be that when you get to a
 certain age, you get a tale attached. That would be amazing. Something to look forward to.
 It's not surgically attached, is it? They just sort of strap it on you. At the moment, it's strap-on.
 Well, that'll bring a bit of spice to the 70th birthday party, won't it?
 Granddad, we bought you a strap-on. It's a hell of an intimidating strap-on to walk in a room on
 kangaroo length. Whoa. You've got it on the wrong side, Granddad.
 It's supposed to be sticking out the back. Oh, Jesus. Oh, dear. Some sheep, when they're nursing
 they're young. They get so carried away grooming newborn lambs that they lick off their entire tails.
 Wow. They sort of chew them. They're chewing the larger chew out some of the debris in their fur,
 but they really love them. You know, sometimes a parent, if you really love your baby,
 you've got a baby, Dan. You kind of want to sort of bite it. But they're in, they'd like that,
 and they accidentally chew off their tail. Dan, this child's leg is made of condensed milk, so it's a bit
 easier for him. That is remarkable, though. Like, wow. You'd resent your parent. Do you know why
 rabbits have white tails? No. I've always thought. It does seem stupid. Because whenever you see a
 rabbit running around in the countryside, they're really easy to spot because they have this white,
 fluffy tail that jumps around. Yeah. And you can see them from anywhere, so you would think that
 a fox would have the same skill, right? Well, it turns out that while you do notice them immediately,
 they're really good for kind of tricking you as to which direction rabbits go.
 Because if you do see a rabbit running away, they kind of dart from left to right, from left to right.
 And so when they're directly in front of you, you see the tail, but as soon as they dodge to the left,
 or the right, you can't see the tail anymore. You can only see the dark, but you can't see the light
 bit. So for a second, you can't tell whether they've gone left or right. So basically,
 confuses any predators. So that's so good. Yeah, it's really good.
 Tail decoys and animals are so fascinating, like how, you know, how lizards can just drop their
 tail off. I was reading about geckos and the fact that the way that their tails are made up,
 they're kind of like toilet paper. They're kind of serrated already. They're pre-serrated, so that
 they help the process of the tail to be bitten off by clenching muscles. They're actually
 actively part of it, which is why if a gecko is already dead, it's much harder to bite off its tail,
 because it's not helping the animal eating it to do it. Yeah. And there was this really cool thing,
 which is it's very fatty, their tails. And so if the predator then pursues the gecko and the
 gecko still gets away, the gecko will then go back and eat the tail, because it's so fatty,
 it's got so much nutrients in it. Yeah, so it's effectively also an emergency meal for them.
 Do we know if they sort of cry as they're doing it? Because I think if you had to eat your own limb to
 survive, you would. Yeah. Crocodile tears, but even so. Actually, the longest tail in nature is a
 lizard, isn't it? Which can be deposited at will. It's the Asian grass lizard, which looks so funny.
 It looks like a child got carried away when drawing the tail. So its tail, its tail is 25 centimeters,
 which is over three times the length of its body. It's so sweet. And I also quite like the term,
 the terminology when they're talking about the length of lizards compared to their tails,
 they talk about snout to vent. Snout to vent, length is six centimeters. Is the vent the bottom? The
 vent is the bottom, yes, from which you vent air and other things. I just like that phrase, how
 tall is he snout to vent? Yeah, that's true actually, because people who have long legs
 is like having a long tail, it's not as important, is it? Yeah. The most important bit is from your
 nose to your anus. Yeah. That's really what happens below that is just incidental. I agree. All these
 basket bull is bragging. Snout to vent, they're barely different to us. Okay, that's it, that's all
 of our facts. Thank you so much for listening. If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about
 the things that we've said over the course of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Streiberland, James. @JamesHarkin, Andy @AndruhunterM, and Shazinsky. You can email
 podcast@QI.com. Yeah, but you could go to our group account at no such thing or our website. No such
 thing as a fish.com. We've got everything up there from all of our previous episodes, and when we
 say all, we mean all. Every single one that disappeared from the internet a couple of years ago is
 back up there, so there's over now a hundred episodes for you to re-listen to from the first and
 second years of fish. And also, if you'd like to buy the cassette or the vinyl, they're there too.
 And we will be back again next week with another working from home episode. Guys, we really hope
 you're doing okay. Stay home, stay safe, love to your family. We'll see you again next week. Goodbye.
 Let's say, for instance, oh, I get hear birds. Yeah, I can too. Yeah, me too. Yeah.
 Anna, can you hear birds in the foreground? Is that a problem? That's a problem, isn't it?
 I'm recording outside the space. Maybe next time, don't keep fish and chips next to your computer.
 Anna, is this your pitch to be on Tested Island dish?
 [laughter]
 [music]
