 (upbeat music)
 - Hey everyone, welcome to this week's episode of Fish.
 This one comes to you from the State Theater in Sydney.
 It's part of our massive Aussie and New Zealand tour
 that we just finished.
 We had an absolutely incredible time
 while we were down there, as we did in the UK.
 But the tour down under had one extra special element
 that we didn't quite manage for the UK,
 which was we had merch.
 We had awesome Thundernerd t-shirts to go
 with the title of our show.
 We had Thundernerd beanies.
 We were selling our ultimate guide
 and no such thing as a fish tour book.
 Which by the way, if you haven't got,
 you really need to get your hands on.
 It's got everything from a spread on Moss by Andy
 and his only day on Twitter.
 There's timelines of everything that we've done.
 We've got bios on every guest who's been on there.
 There's a lot of behind the scenes.
 In fact, there's a bunch of QR codes
 all throughout the book as well
 that has secret videos that we've never published anywhere.
 And audio commentary from us.
 So it's sort of a mini episode
 within the pages of the book.
 Anyway, along with some pin badges,
 all of that is available on our website.
 Go to nosuchthingasafish.com/store.
 And if you get in there quick enough,
 you're gonna be able to buy some of that swag
 just in time for Christmas.
 Now, if you're an Aussie in New Zealand
 are listening to this right now and thinking,
 damn it, I didn't pick up anything at the gigs
 and now we've gotta buy it back from over in the UK.
 Don't worry, we've got you covered.
 Just head to the website and you will find a link there
 that is specifically for you Antipodians
 so that you can deal with it more locally.
 Now, if you're looking for a good book
 to read over the Christmas period,
 I highly recommend our books.
 We're all authors.
 We released books this year
 and he has a new comic novel called
 A Beginner's Guide to Breaking and Entering.
 Brilliantly funny.
 James Inanna wrote a fact-packed book
 which is the QI history of sports
 called A Load of Old Balls.
 And I've written a non-fiction book for kids
 ages seven and above,
 all about the mysteries of our universe
 called Impossible Things.
 Okay, that's it for plugging.
 A lot of plugging there.
 But hey, you're a popular person.
 You've got a lot of presents to buy.
 So there you go, problem solved.
 Anyway, enjoy the show now,
 coming to you from down under on with the podcast.
 Hello and welcome!
 To another episode of None Such Thing as a Fish,
 a weekly podcast this week coming to you live
 from the State Theater in Sydney!
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I am sitting here with Anna Tyshinski,
 Andrew Hunter Murray and James Harkin.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days
 and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, and that is Anna.
 My fact this week is that in 1944,
 the filming of the Oscar-winning movie National Velvet
 was delayed to give its lead actress
 time to grow a bit taller.
 (audience laughing)
 Ah!
 And who was that?
 She's, no one's heard of her now,
 so it's not worth mentioning,
 but she was called Elizabeth Taylor.
 (audience laughing)
 Yeah, this is one of her first films.
 Did she fluctuate in height a lot, Elizabeth Taylor?
 Yeah, she was 35 at the time,
 but sometimes she'd wake up six foot tall, sometimes five.
 No, she was obviously, she was still a child,
 she was about 12 at the time,
 and this was a, so every child actress
 was trying out for this part.
 And I think they've been preparing for years,
 so a few of the tryouts were adults
 by the time they finally cast it.
 And the--
 How much did she need to make it into the movie?
 Well, she needed, it's a Pando Berman,
 who was the producer, met her,
 and thought she's absolutely perfect,
 need her, but she needs three inches.
 Right. Which is a hefty whack, really.
 That is.
 It's a decent amount.
 They also, they asked her to wear braces.
 I think tooth braces, not up and down ones.
 And they pulled out two of her baby teeth.
 What?
 Yep, they also wanted to dye her hair,
 seems like a minor imposition
 after they've pulled out two of your teeth.
 And they wanted to change her name to Virginia,
 but her parents refused.
 And because they were really struggling
 to get the right actress for this role,
 what they needed was a child
 who could speak with an English accent and ride a horse.
 That was the whole brief.
 But what's incredibly confusing,
 'cause this is always the claim,
 is that the basis for it was she was very good at riding,
 and we'll probably go into her relationship with horses,
 which wasn't weird, like I've just made it sound.
 And she was very good at riding,
 and she had been born,
 and a bit of her life brought up in England,
 so she needed a British accent.
 Now, if anyone's seen "National Velvet",
 she does not talk with a British accent
 at any point during that film.
 So I'm not sure why it was a thing
 she needed to have in her backpack, just in case.
 - Yeah, who knows?
 - Yeah, she got a very bad back
 when she was riding King Charles,
 which was the name of the horse, King Charles.
 - It sure was.
 - And she loved it so much that the head of MGM,
 Louis B. Mayer, gave it to her as a 13th birthday gift.
 - Oh wow, that's amazing.
 - Did you read about how they met?
 - No.
 - Her and King Charles, it's so sweet.
 It's like something in a film itself.
 So she had been taken to go riding at this country club
 by her parents to try and teach her to ride,
 and she'd seen this beautiful horse from afar,
 fallen in love with him, said, "I must ride that horse."
 This is an 11-year-old girl.
 The owner had said, "This horse is mad, it's my horse.
 "Literally won't let anyone near it."
 She waited until everyone had left,
 and then she climbed onto the hay bales
 and jumped through the hole where they fed the horse hay,
 landing on his back, and she just lay on his back.
 Just lay there in the stable,
 and she did this day after day after day
 until eventually the owner one day went in to ride him
 and was like, "There's an 11-year-old on my horse.
 "What's going on?"
 And said, "Okay, well, she's obviously tamed him
 "and handed him over."
 It was a beautiful tale, true love.
 - She, her looks, we've mentioned a few things
 about what they wanted her to do,
 moving the baby teeth, she needed more height.
 When she was born, the doctor said to her mom,
 "You've given birth to a mutant."
 - They didn't say those words, Dan.
 - They did. - I refuse to believe.
 - They did.
 - But it's what she has in common with you.
 - What?
 - Elizabeth, so I think I know what you're gonna say.
 - So do I, but I don't think Dan has this.
 - Dan, okay, it feels like all four of us
 are holding a hand of cards about what mutation,
 Elizabeth and Dan, what I'm saying is excess hair,
 but it's distributed differently on the two of them.
 So, Dan, a suit man.
 - Yeah. - I mean, big, big time.
 - Yeah.
 - 'Cause we're looking at a picture
 of Elizabeth Taylor on here,
 and she doesn't quite have Dan's hairiness.
 - No, but interestingly, that's me next to her naked.
 (laughing)
 - We should save the listeners at home
 that that is Lassie, you know, don't we?
 - But okay, so what she did have is,
 she had a double set of eyelashes.
 So her mom was like, "Oh, that's okay, that's fine."
 But it can be dangerous,
 because it can be a condition
 where if the second layer of eyelash grows inward,
 it can go into your eyeballs,
 and a very low percentage of people who have had it
 have died of heart disease later in life,
 which is how she died,
 but I don't know if the connection has been made.
 - Because it's a genetic thing, isn't it?
 That makes it happen. - Yeah, exactly.
 - Yeah, it's a gene called Foxy2.
 - Yeah, it's so cool! - Yeah, F-O-X-C2.
 - Do you know one other thing about her face
 that she also had?
 She once, supposedly, I've read this in a few places,
 won the title Most Memorable Eyebrows in a magazine poll,
 and Lassie came second.
 - No! - Yeah!
 - The dogs, sorry.
 Just, the dogs have eyebrows?
 Well, let's look. - Yeah, of course they do.
 - Oh, yeah. - Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - I would say if the two people on screen,
 Elizabeth Taylor's are more pronounced.
 - Yeah. - But yeah,
 certainly they have the rich, don't they, the dogs?
 - Yeah, they do.
 - So, I mean, Lassie was one of her first big hits,
 wasn't it, Elizabeth Taylor?
 - Yeah, it was basically Lassie first,
 then National Velvet.
 She did a very strong line in animal-based films, yeah.
 - Yeah, and the dog was played by a dog called Pal,
 and Pal earned a salary of $250 per week,
 while Elizabeth Taylor was only paid $100 per week.
 But the dog actually was male,
 so it was kinda standard for the time.
 (audience laughing)
 - So, obviously, for anyone under the age of 70,
 we should just say that she's, you know,
 in case you're not familiar with her stuff,
 she's unbelievably famous throughout the 20th century.
 Not only for her films, things like "Clear Patra,"
 which was the extremely famous one,
 but lots and lots more,
 but for having seven husbands and eight marriages.
 - Yes. - 'Cause he's married
 to Richard Burton, twice.
 - Was that his accent, or did he just have a weird throw?
 - It wasn't his accent.
 (audience laughing)
 Just stuffed out, sorry.
 (audience laughing)
 And Richard Burton, as well, she was Welsh.
 He was Welsh, that was not Welsh.
 Anyway, the list of her husbands is so extraordinary,
 because it goes through all of these, you know,
 her first marriage was to this horrible guy
 called Conrad Hilton, who was the hotel chain,
 she was 18 years old.
 MGM picked the bridesmaids and invited the guests for her.
 - So, she would have been step-mom,
 eventually, or step-grandmother, to Paris Hilton, right?
 'Cause she married Eddie Fisher, as well, right?
 Eddie Fisher, who was mother of Carrie Fisher,
 so she was step-mother to Princess Leia.
 - Yeah, you find it, it's weird when you research people
 like this, because you find yourself getting
 into very heat magazine territory with celebrity gossip,
 but it feels okay, 'cause it was 50 years ago,
 but I found myself finding it so juicy
 that when she married Conrad Hilton,
 Conrad himself was actually having an affair at the time
 with his own stepmother, Jean-Jacques Gabor.
 - What? - Whoa!
 - Chajar's in the story, mate.
 - Chajar. - Chajar Gabor.
 - Yeah. - The woman
 who introduced the Rubik's Cube to America.
 - Exactly, she's not just famous for that, James.
 - She's famous for something else.
 - Is that why you were fired from Heat Magazine, James?
 (all laughing)
 - Chajar Gabor can fit into over 4 trillion positions.
 (all laughing)
 - I wonder he liked her.
 - Chajar, all their marriages,
 they're obviously quite high-profile,
 but the double marriage, the most famous one,
 Richard Burton, like that one,
 that one was the most interesting,
 because those two ran Hollywood
 as if they were the king and queen of America.
 They would go into parties,
 they would spend ludicrous amounts of money on it,
 they would have weird reasons for leaving parties,
 and they would tear up rooms, they would have tantrums,
 and no one seemed to do anything about it.
 And so her life, Elizabeth Taylor's life,
 really when you read the juicy stuff,
 it's all about the divaism, all about the amazing demands.
 Like for example, in Cleopatra,
 when they were filming that,
 she had twice a week delivered to her on set
 her local favorite meal from Dave Chasen's "Chili",
 because she just loved it so much.
 And what made that really difficult is
 that restaurant was in LA, and she was filming in Rome.
 So they got it on airplanes twice to three times a week,
 just her meal to be delivered to her for lunch.
 - It was so bad that the Vatican stepped in,
 didn't they, and the Pope accused her
 of erotic vagrancy, her and Richard Burton actually.
 And there's an amazing scene in Cleopatra
 where she's coming into, spoiler alert,
 coming into the city on a big chair,
 and there's huge crowds, and apparently there was a moment
 where all of these extras who were all Italian Catholics
 are starting to come towards her,
 and she thinks they're gonna lynch her
 because it's been in all the newspapers
 that the Pope hates her.
 And then just in the last second,
 they all turn round and go, "Liz, Liz, Liz, Liz!"
 And they just loved her so much.
 - Wow.
 - The filming of that is absolutely insane,
 because they tried filming in London, it didn't work.
 It started Jackie Chan, a woman called Jackie Chan.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - That's so funny.
 - There are so many stories of the filming
 because they could only film if Burton and Taylor
 both showed up, and if they had had a row the night before,
 they just wouldn't.
 So the production overran like crazy.
 This is a story from Jackie Chan.
 There was a scene where Cleopatra has a bath on set,
 and the set was cleared of all superfluous people,
 she reported, but a Scottish actor
 who played a blind poet gleefully told me
 he was allowed to stay because people had forgotten
 he wasn't really blind.
 (audience laughing)
 - That's very funny.
 On their mad demands, they both loved animals,
 Richard Burton loved dogs, she loved dogs.
 There was a story going around that the dogs
 that they had liked her more than they liked him,
 so he bought a dog and it suddenly liked him
 more than it liked her, and everyone was like,
 what's going on?
 And then his diaries later reported
 that the dog had come and it only spoke Welsh,
 and Richard Burton spoke Welsh to it secretly,
 but I couldn't verify that firsthand,
 but I wouldn't put it past them,
 but they did both love dogs, and they were staying
 in the UK and they weren't allowed to bring
 their dogs to London because of quarantine rules,
 so they found a loophole in the law,
 which said that there was no rule
 that the animals couldn't be on British waters,
 and they leased a yacht for $20,000,
 I think huge amounts of money, about $2,000 a day,
 and moored it on the Thames and just kept these dogs
 on the Thames on a luxury yacht.
 - Yeah, it's very clever.
 She did a lot of crazy and weird things, right,
 but one thing that she also did is she saved the life
 of an extremely famous actor at the time.
 She was at a party with a man called Montgomery Cliff,
 and they were on the way home,
 and she was in the car behind, he was in the car in front.
 He had a massive accident, car flips over,
 smashes, and he's trapped underneath.
 She gets out of her car, she goes and climbs in
 through the broken window in the car to see him,
 and he's choking, and so she does something
 which I think is extraordinary.
 Most people would do like a Heimlich maneuver, right?
 Most people would tap the back like crazy.
 Elizabeth Taylor reaches into his mouth,
 and because the thing that was choking him
 was broken teeth stuck in his throat,
 she individually picked out all the teeth from his mouth
 until his airway was cleared,
 so he could breathe again, saved his life.
 - That's stunning.
 - I've never heard of a choking being fixed
 by a hand down the mountain.
 - I've heard once there was a dolphin
 who had swallowed some plastic,
 and the world's second tallest man
 went in with his rarely long arms and pulled the plastic out.
 - That's nice.
 - But I kind of think dolphins have wider mouths than humans.
 - Yeah.
 - This really doesn't fit.
 I don't think, if Andy, you had something in your mouth,
 and I'm looking at my hand and the size of your mouth,
 I don't think one fits into the other.
 - It wasn't down in his ringtone.
 It was very, it was quite shallow in the mouth.
 - She had waited for her fingers to grow long enough.
 - Yes.
 - That's the thing.
 - That's what happened.
 There we go.
 (upbeat music)
 - It is time for us to move on to fact number two,
 and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that one of the leading investigators
 in the Jack the Ripper case,
 whose only major contribution was to arrest someone
 who wasn't capable of being the murderer,
 was called Sergeant Thick.
 - That was the guy.
 - Sergeant, yeah, Sergeant William Thick, or Willie Thick,
 which is just funny.
 He basically, yeah, he knocked on the door
 of a guy called John Pizer, or Pizzar,
 and he said, "You need to come with me."
 And the person said, "What for?"
 And Sergeant Thick, having no evidence,
 clearly didn't know what for,
 so he'd had to say, "You know what for?"
 And the guy went with him,
 and he was put into jail, and then he was released
 because there was no evidence whatsoever
 that this guy was guilty,
 and Thick, even himself, when he was interviewed later,
 saying, "Yeah, I don't think it could have been him.
 "I don't think he was capable of it.
 "I don't know why I did that."
 So, yeah. - Oh, wow.
 - We should just say Jack the Ripper was a murderer,
 'cause I know we're in Australia,
 and Ripper means something very different over here.
 - Oh, yeah.
 Yeah, it was not cool, this guy, yeah.
 And by the way, this is a subject
 which obviously involves horrific events,
 and we are probably gonna be talking largely
 about the people who were named as potential killers
 and so on, but just as a flip side thing,
 there's an amazing book called "The Five"
 that you should go and read, which is all about the women
 who often don't get humanized in this,
 and yeah, it's an amazing book.
 - So, Mary Jane Kelly, she was known in the press
 as Fair Emma, Ginger, Dark Mary, and Black Mary,
 suggesting that she must have changed her hair quite a lot
 at the various times. - Very nice.
 - There was Annie Chapman, who got into a fight
 with a female lodger just before she died,
 possibly over a man or possibly over a bar of soap.
 We're not sure.
 - They are often confused, I find.
 - There was Elizabeth Stride, who was Swedish,
 and she went around telling everyone that her husband
 and her child had died in a shipwreck on the River Thames
 that she survived it,
 but actually there was no such shipwreck.
 - I have a theory about her.
 Well, I have a theory about who the killer is,
 because I don't think we have enough people theorizing
 about who the killer was, and it's related to her,
 because she lived with a man called Michael Kidney,
 now Jack the Ripper, famously removed people's kidneys.
 - Oh. - Okay, coincidence.
 - Probably.
 - I don't think so. - Almost certainly.
 Otherwise, you're just going around looking for someone
 with the surname Murderer, I think, is the--
 - Did anyone try that? - I don't think so.
 But the women are kind of, they were written up,
 a lot of it was done, it was made very,
 you know, it was made exciting, it was made to sell papers.
 There were so many London papers at the time,
 about 20 daily papers, all trying to get information
 and sell copies off the back of it.
 So they were often written up as low women,
 or fallen women, or women who sold sex,
 and actually, like one or two of them had done,
 or may have done, but actually,
 most of them were out late at night.
 - Yeah, not that there should be any remote difference
 between someone who sells sex with money,
 and doesn't sell sex with money,
 in terms of whether or not they should be murdered.
 But yeah. - I wasn't trying
 to imply the word. - No, no, no, no.
 I just, I think there's a bit of an implication of that.
 - They couldn't afford lodging some of them,
 and so that's why the killer had the sort of means,
 or the opportunity to kill them.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Yeah, so Jack the Ripper,
 I think this is quite a fun little detail.
 (audience laughing)
 There's so many fun details about the guy.
 In a poll in 2006,
 he was voted the worst Britain in history.
 (audience laughing)
 - That was before Brexit, though.
 - It was.
 (audience laughing)
 That's true, yeah.
 - Who else was in there?
 Do you have any details of who else came?
 - Yeah, I've got them, if you want them.
 So Thomas Beckett came second.
 - Thomas Beckett?
 - Yeah, King John came fourth.
 - When was this poll done in the 12th century?
 (audience laughing)
 - King John Fair.
 - Yeah, Edric Striota.
 - Who's that?
 - Good question.
 (audience laughing)
 Sir Richard Rich, Lord Rich of Lees.
 - I don't like the sound of him based on his name,
 but I don't know.
 - Hugh Dispenser, the younger who you might know,
 autonomous of Rundle, and Oswald Mosley.
 - Oh, okay.
 - And a few others.
 But basically the way that they did it is,
 they got a load of historians,
 and they were each allowed to nominate one person.
 And so some of them went really straight down the line
 and said, "Jack the Ripper,"
 and some of them said,
 "Here's someone you've never heard of."
 - Hugh Dispenser.
 (audience laughing)
 - You know all those anti-COVID things you see everywhere?
 - Yeah.
 - He invented those.
 - That's great.
 - It's an easy gig for their story to get,
 "Jack the Ripper," isn't it?
 They murdered loads of people, pulled their organs out.
 I win.
 - Yeah, that's the thing about the case,
 is that a lot of people get very obsessed with it,
 and I think it's a slightly unhealthy way.
 And it's written up sometimes as the first ever
 true crime story, you know,
 just because there were lots of people
 chucking in their own theories
 and debating with each other and all of that,
 and slightly sort of gamifying it.
 One of those theorized to have maybe been the murderer
 was Dr. Thomas Creme,
 who was a doctor who was eventually hanged
 for an unrelated murder at Newgate Prison.
 And his last words were,
 "I am Jack the..."
 (audience laughing)
 And then he was hanged.
 - No!
 - Yeah.
 But it probably wasn't him, but--
 - Was that bad timing, or?
 - I think it was incredible timing by him.
 - I think--
 - So he saw the lever going down, so.
 - Wow.
 - Because he was in prison at the time the murders happened.
 I mean, it's just very, very, very unlikely
 that he was actually--
 - Yeah.
 - I think he was just--
 - He just had flair.
 - He's just--
 - I think he just had flair.
 - Having a bit of fun right at the end.
 - It was just happening.
 - Why the hell not?
 - Yeah.
 - The industry is pretty wild in the UK,
 and Jack the Ripper Tours are quite mad,
 but my favorite tour is a tour
 that was set up in about 2017 in Clithero,
 which, for those of you who don't know the UK,
 is in Lancashire, about 250 miles away from Whitechapel.
 It's the Jack the Ripper tour.
 It was started by a tour guy called Simon Entwistle,
 who just sort of noticed that bits of Clithero,
 actually, they haven't been developed very much
 since the 19th century,
 so they look a lot more like what Jack the Ripper
 would have experienced than London.
 - Yeah, 'cause that bit of London
 is completely developed now.
 It's all skyscrapers.
 - Yeah, I gotta say, having grown up near Clithero,
 or as we used to call it, Clithero,
 (laughing)
 - It's a very nice little town.
 - I stopped after Guitar Hero.
 I just didn't think.
 - Well, it's much more difficult figuring on that one.
 (laughing)
 - And you never get any points
 'cause you can't find the fucking thing.
 (laughing)
 - How interesting, Clithero.
 - Yeah, that's really, there are all sorts of,
 there's slightly sort of unpleasant,
 they're like, okay, is this tasteless?
 Efficient chip shop called Jack the Chipper.
 (laughing)
 Is it, like, you know, some people say
 it's been long enough and that's fine.
 The proprietor said it was history, never a celebration,
 which, and then they said,
 we've already shown our respectfulness
 by offering a 50% discount for women.
 Which, is that okay?
 - We chopped them in half as soon as they come in.
 My favorite theory about Jack the Ripper
 is that there was no such person.
 - Okay.
 - And this is the one I actually believe.
 This is a guy called Peter Turnbull
 who wrote a book called The Killer That Never Was.
 His idea is that these people obviously
 were very sadly killed,
 but a lot of them were copycat crimes.
 And they were done by people who'd read the stories
 in the newspaper and thought,
 I'm gonna go and do that same thing.
 So there wasn't a single serial killer.
 And his theories say that there was no consistent
 modus operandi, so the way that the people were killed
 was different each time.
 It wasn't over an extended period,
 so normally serial killers kill over several years,
 whereas this only happened over 13 weeks.
 And it all took place in a very single area,
 whereas usually serial killers will kill over
 a little bit more of a wide area.
 - Okay.
 - And some of the really terrible things,
 like that when they were disembowelled the victims,
 they occurred after people in the newspapers
 had speculated that that might happen.
 - Right.
 - Right.
 - So that's, I think that might-
 - So the first one wasn't?
 - The first one wasn't disembowelling.
 - 'Cause she was the one who drew lots of tourists, right?
 The industry's been going on since the start.
 As soon as the first person was killed.
 I think it was the second person when people started to think,
 "Ooh, something's going on here."
 It was in 1888, and locals paid a penny
 to go and see her there.
 And then when she was taken away,
 then locals kept paying a penny,
 and it was the people who lived next door,
 which good business minds started charging people
 just to come and look at the bit of pavement.
 - Right.
 - Wow.
 - And there's quite a few other people
 who were being named, obviously, there's a big, big list.
 There was a guy, this was a big one,
 Francis Tumblety, which is the most
 un-serial killer name I've ever heard.
 Take a tea.
 - Again, you can't really judge people by their name.
 (laughing)
 - I'm gonna judge Francis, I think.
 So he was supposedly, not only was he Jack the Ripper,
 but he was also complicit in the assassination
 of Abraham Lincoln.
 So supposedly he'd done that and he'd come over.
 But what he was was a miracle quack.
 He just used to sell medicine.
 His big invention was called Tumblety's Pimple Destroyer.
 - So even if he was guilty, he did some good
 and he did some bad, right?
 - I mean, Deadpool's are a real blight.
 - There you go.
 - A lot of adolescents.
 - Have you heard of Richard Mansfield?
 - Oh, the actor?
 - He was an actor who got caught up in this completely.
 This was nothing to do with him.
 But at the time the murders happened,
 there was a play on, which was a dramatization
 of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde,
 which is about a doctor who drinks a potion
 and then becomes, you know, changes personality
 and becomes evil.
 And people thought that he might be the murderer
 simply because he was such a good actor
 at playing both Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
 And the production was shut down,
 but the stage craft was so unbelievable.
 People couldn't work out how it was done
 because he changed physically.
 And people thought that I can't believe what I'm seeing, right?
 It was so effective that they thought,
 people sat with opera glasses,
 trying to look at what this guy had done on stage.
 - Like physically?
 - Yeah.
 And some people said, oh, he's just putting a mask on.
 And actually, can I just tell you what he did?
 This is so good.
 They had pre-painted his face
 in a way that standard theater lighting wouldn't show.
 And then they introduced a colored filter
 in the lights in the theater,
 which showed up the grease paint
 and he would contort his face a little bit,
 but it would completely change the look of his face.
 - That's very clever.
 - And I have not done that tonight.
 But imagine if I had, how interesting that would have been.
 - Wow.
 - And he got completely caught up in it,
 but nothing to do with him.
 - That's exciting, yeah.
 - We're gonna have to move on in a sec, guys.
 - Have you heard of Jack the Flipper?
 - Jack the Flipper.
 - An aggressive dolphin in a 2013 study.
 (laughing)
 - The dipper, on the other hand,
 is an ice cream shop in North Carolina.
 (laughing)
 - Are you culminating in Amsterdam's Jack the Stripper?
 I've got to say, I'm really anxious
 about what's coming up.
 - Oh, yeah.
 - Okay.
 (upbeat music)
 - It is time for fact number three,
 and that is Andy.
 My fact is that German mini golfers
 refrigerate their balls.
 So.
 - Doesn't it hurt when they close the door?
 (laughing)
 - Lovely.
 (laughing)
 Lovely stuff.
 - Very good.
 - This was a great piece in the FT
 about the world of mini golf,
 which is just, this is not crazy golf.
 It is big golf, made small.
 Mini golf, as the title applies.
 It's not, there are no windmills,
 there are no clowns, there are no dinosaurs.
 - Okay, I was saying,
 "Creative Golf" is a segment of mini golf,
 the fun guy segment, if you will.
 - Yeah, exactly.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 All crazy golf is mini,
 but not all mini golf is crazy.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 And the correspondent went to see
 the World Finals, the seniors,
 mini golf world championships,
 and they take it very seriously.
 And the Germans chill their balls.
 They have special ball fridges
 to ensure they have ball homeostasis.
 And it's a very big deal.
 And you know, some players keep their balls in their socks.
 They tuck them into their trousers.
 - All right.
 - 'Cause you want consistency of temperature.
 You want consistency of rolling.
 - How do you make your shoes fit?
 If you've got a,
 is it, you just have to buy much larger shoe?
 - Oh no, your sock, your sock goes higher than your,
 unless you're wearing those ankle socks.
 - Oh yeah.
 - That's not gonna work.
 - Oh no, sorry, it's not like,
 I was imagining the end of the sock.
 - I believe it is at the end of the sock,
 but it's at the other end you're thinking of.
 - Yes, okay, yes.
 - It's, I think we've said it before,
 that these balls that they use in mini golf,
 they're not golf balls.
 Are they? - No.
 - They're kind of rubbery things,
 which I guess makes it more important
 that they're the right temperature.
 - Right.
 - There's still golf balls of it.
 They're mini golf balls.
 - They're mini golf balls, yeah.
 - And they are, you can pick your own balls?
 I think we said, did we say that?
 - No.
 - If you play golf, you'll have a,
 you might like select your club.
 Or you've got a caddy, is it?
 Your caddy carries your clubs for you.
 - Yeah.
 - Is that, does that happen?
 - Parking.
 - Do you have a,
 like do you have a caddy when you play golf?
 - You can on occasion.
 - Okay, but you can, if you're a mini golf,
 I have a ball caddy,
 because you've got so many balls to choose from.
 - Oh really?
 - Which balls you play and which holes?
 - So when professional golfers say,
 give me the nine iron or whatever that language is,
 in mini golf, it's the opposite.
 Give me the red ball.
 - Give me the big, big round ball.
 - Big round ball.
 - Yeah, round ball.
 - They're all the same size, we should say.
 - So what are you choosing?
 - Yes.
 - Of course, Andy.
 - Come on, we can't play with a marble
 some of the time in a beach ball,
 some of the rest of the time.
 - Are you sure, sir?
 This one is twice the size of the hole.
 - Yes, I'll take it.
 - James.
 - Yes.
 - Tiger Woods once,
 this is something I don't know about golf.
 He played the big championship that he won.
 He ran out of balls.
 - Okay.
 - And he was only, he was down to like one ball
 and you can't just request more balls.
 - No, no.
 - Did he have to use one of his balls?
 (laughing)
 - He did use, Tiger Woods famously used his balls a lot,
 but in golf, however many you bring with you
 on the first tee is how many you have to,
 you know, you can't get any more from the club.
 - That's crazy.
 - The ones you've got are the ones you're stuck with.
 - That's extraordinary.
 - Here's one really interesting thing
 that is different about mini golf and maxi golf.
 And that is, in mini golf, you refrigerate your balls.
 In maxi golf, it is against the rules
 to warm your balls up explicitly.
 You're not allowed to warm because it changes the way
 that they might fly through the air.
 You are allowed to warm them up before the round,
 but then they will go cold quite quickly.
 But during the game, you're not allowed to.
 And it's to such an extent that when you play golf
 in a country that isn't fucking boiling like this one,
 you get cold a lot and you would have like hand warmers
 in your pockets, you'd be advised not to put your balls
 near those hand warmers because your opponents could say,
 you're artificially warming them up,
 you're gonna get kicked out.
 - Are you allowed to, but you're allowed to pocket your balls?
 - You can put them in your pocket.
 - Can you put them in your armpits?
 Can you keep them in your mouth?
 (laughing)
 Can you, I'm not gonna ask any more questions,
 but I can think of a few locations which would ensure--
 - Every hole's a goal.
 (laughing)
 The rule specifically says you're not allowed
 to artificially warm your golf balls.
 - But is my bum--
 - It doesn't specifically say it would be a case by case basis.
 - Right.
 - I can assure you my bum is 100% real.
 You know?
 (laughing)
 - I feel like it might affect your stance.
 (laughing)
 - I think you failed the caddy interview,
 is all I can tell you, so.
 (laughing)
 - I'm telling you, you're caddy.
 Just walk to the spot you're teeing off,
 and just squeeze their cheeks and drop.
 (laughing)
 - If they can land it directly on the tee,
 that is a great caddy.
 - That's a caddy.
 - Oh my God.
 (laughing)
 - Moving, moving on.
 - You brought it up.
 - I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
 - Moving on to the balls up the pump.
 - Hey, check this out.
 A 2009 search for the Loch Ness Monster.
 - Oh my God.
 (laughing)
 - How do you do it?
 How do you do it?
 - It didn't find the Loch Ness Monster,
 it found 100,000 golf balls.
 And basically they've worked out that there's a driving range
 where golf balls have been lobbed into Loch Ness,
 and they're just all over the ground.
 They were registering all these signals,
 and there was 100,000 of them.
 They thought, my God, they're baby Loch Ness Monster eggs.
 (laughing)
 - They all had type list written on the side.
 (laughing)
 - Yeah, they didn't think that.
 That's what I would have thought, is what I mean.
 But yeah, so, Lost Balls,
 I mean, this is an actual job that you can get
 at a golf course, not a mini golf course,
 but they have scuba divers
 who are paid to go into all the bits of water,
 and they go hunting for balls,
 and they get paid by the ball that they found.
 So that's a job you can get if you're one of--
 - It's incredible, 'cause they build up so much over time.
 Have you heard of Glenn Berger?
 - This is a guy who has exactly the job
 that Dennis just described.
 He's been working, he was profiled about 10 years ago.
 He had already collected 15 million balls.
 - What?
 - His personal best is 17,000 balls in a day.
 - What?
 - How?
 - Again, he's employing lots of people
 to do his balls work, right?
 - Yeah, but that's, I think, his personal best.
 That's him going down. - No.
 - Yeah, 'cause if you've got someone that has been played
 on a golf course for years and years--
 - I guess if you're literally just dredging them, maybe.
 - He's dredging, or he goes down
 and he'll just pull them into sacks, you know,
 'cause they all settle in the same place.
 There is a website called golf.com.
 It's a very good website.
 (audience laughing)
 - If you like golf. - If you like golf, yeah.
 It claims that in the late 1990s,
 there was a golf ball diver who spent several hours
 stuck on the bottom because he was pinned down
 by an amorous alligator.
 - Right. - Oh my God.
 - Who was trying to flirt.
 - One way of improving your golf balls
 perhaps might be to make them radioactive.
 - Ooh, okay.
 In 1910, there was a company called
 the Worthington Golf Ball Company
 that started making golf balls with radium in them.
 And they said they were wise enough to stop.
 It's a reasonable position and not develop unduly
 a power that could be dangerous.
 So I think they just had a little bit in.
 - Why were you doing it?
 Is it so you can find them?
 - Well, the idea is in those days, they thought,
 'cause radium was this new sort of wonder material
 that they found, they thought you could add radium
 to anything and it would just make it better.
 They had radium condoms, for instance.
 - Yeah, yeah, radium crockery.
 I saw some of that recently in a shop.
 And I walked past at night and I thought,
 'Oh, what a cool light display they've got.'
 And it was just a display of, I think it was uranium.
 - Really? - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - Were you shopping in the 1910s?
 - It was an antique shop, but it was very--
 - I think that it's kind of,
 you're not supposed to really buy too many of those, are you?
 I think they're kind of, yeah.
 But they did these in 1910,
 but they didn't really sell very well.
 But then they came back
 and in recent years, there's been some scientists
 at the Atomic Energy of Canada
 who have said that they have put their golf balls
 in radioactive position
 and they travel 20 to 30 yards further than conventional balls.
 - Really? - Yeah, they put it
 in an electron beam, but they have said
 that they won't make any claims, you know,
 claims in the shops to say this definitely will work.
 They said that would require study
 and we don't intend to study it.
 - No? Okay, that's science.
 (laughing)
 There's actually a stop gap in between your 1910
 and then more recent ones, which is in 1951.
 There was a guy called Dr. William L. Davidson
 and he supposedly was creating golf balls
 but with little quantities of radioactive material inside.
 And as you say, Andy, it was for if a golf ball got lost,
 you would go with a Geiger counter
 and you would be able to locate your ball.
 - That's a pretty good idea.
 - Yeah. - Yeah, that's a good idea.
 - Do you know how many balls there are out there?
 This is in America alone, USA alone,
 300 million golf balls go missing every year.
 - Wow, that's almost exactly the population of America.
 - For every person in America,
 if you're listening to this in the States,
 there is a golf ball for every year of your life waiting.
 (laughing)
 It's out there and you'll never find them all.
 - Oh, oh yes, yes.
 - What a sobering thought. - Right, what a sobering thought.
 - We don't know what happens to them either.
 No one knows what happens to a golf ball
 that doesn't get touched.
 There's no recognized study, so they don't know--
 - 'Cause they last 1,000 years.
 We have no, they just don't degrade.
 - Yes.
 - The cockroaches will be able to play golf in the future.
 Just a sort of lateral thinking test for you.
 There was, so golf balls used to be surrounded
 by a very hard, vulcanized rubber shell,
 which isn't quite the same as they have now,
 so that was replaced with fully synthetic rubber in the end.
 But it was in 1965 that the transition started to be made.
 It was a chemist called Harry Lander,
 was one of the people who did it,
 and he was trying to make a really durable golf ball,
 and he made one, and it was successful,
 but it didn't have that hard shell,
 and so he had to make a tweak to it, a special change,
 'cause it didn't do something that all golfers wanted it to do.
 What did he have to add back in?
 - Okay, what did it not do?
 So it wasn't hard on the outside.
 - Yes, it works still just as well.
 - Okay, so they just like the sound of the flak.
 - Like the sound, James, you've got the mind of a golfer,
 he had to add the click back in.
 - Really? - They came back and said...
 - Like a car door. - Exactly like a car door.
 - Wow. - They added the click back into golf balls.
 - That's so funny.
 - I'm gonna have to move us on, guys, so we're next back.
 - Can I do a 2018 headline from the UK?
 "Man filmed having sex with ninth hole of golf course."
 (audience laughing)
 And a quote, "From where he was,
 "it looked like he had his penis in the hole
 "while he had the flak in his backside."
 (audience laughing)
 - Interesting.
 - It was the most weirdest thing
 I've ever had the most fortune to see.
 All I can say is if my ball ever goes in the ninth hole
 at Brackenwood, it can stay there.
 (audience laughing)
 - And that's where the 300 million others are.
 (upbeat music)
 - It is time for our final fact of the show,
 and that is James.
 - Okay, and my fact this week is that M&Ms
 deliberately made the green character sexy
 because of a school ground rumour
 that that coloured sweets were an aphrodisiac.
 (audience laughing)
 This is Ms. Green, and for people
 who can't see her on the screen,
 she has pouty lips and eyelashes and high heels,
 and she was invented by a marketing agency called BBDO,
 who wanted to transform M&Ms into a brand,
 into a more iconic brand, I should say,
 and they came up with these ideas of spokes candies,
 and in their press release, they say that the green M&M,
 she adds credence to the rumour
 that her mere presence is a turn on,
 and it turns out that kids throughout
 the previous 20 years or so had all been saying,
 if you eat the green ones, it's an aphrodisiac,
 and they thought, oh, we might as well run with it.
 - Yeah, it's pretty amazing that every single colour
 of an M&M was associated with a kind of school ground
 or workplace or general life myth, right?
 Like it just, it was everywhere.
 So green ones were an aphrodisiac.
 The last one you pulled out of the bag was red.
 You need to make a wish, and it will come true.
 If the last candy that comes out of the bag is yellow,
 you can call in sick and stay at home.
 Orange, yeah, orange.
 - No one ever did that.
 Did any boss ever receive that call?
 Please write in if so.
 - Orange M&Ms, good luck.
 Brown ones, bad luck.
 It was all, that's just, that was,
 that's what people said when you pulled the thing out.
 - I just feel like a lot of people
 are probably similar to myself.
 A packet out of packet of M&Ms without being aware,
 any of them had personalities until now.
 - Really?
 - I certainly didn't know until I read this.
 I couldn't believe she was sexy.
 Did everyone else know this?
 - Yeah.
 - I was a loner at school.
 I didn't pick up on those things.
 - But the rumour, I think the rumour was that.
 And I had no idea about the connection.
 I just thought they'd been a bit weird
 by making one of them a bit, a bit fit.
 - And it's got controversial lately, hasn't it?
 - I mean, to a certain extent.
 - Oh, got extremely controversial.
 - How come?
 Why?
 - Well, you know, should we have one
 who's wearing high heels with no pants on?
 To be honest, looking at that picture.
 - None of them are wearing pants.
 It's weirder if one of them's wearing pants.
 - That's a really good point.
 - I don't like the thought of an M&M wearing pants at all.
 - They did attempt to replace
 the green one's high heel boots with trainers.
 And they put like sensible heels on the brown one
 who used to wear little kitten heels.
 And then there's a huge backlash by which I mean,
 I think one person wrote an article about it.
 And so they reverted, you know,
 because it was woken as gone mad.
 - Yeah.
 - So there was one bit where she did a sports illustrated
 swimsuit modeling thing.
 - Weird.
 - Where she sort of unzipped almost her entire body
 to reveal the chocolate inside.
 - Oh, wow.
 - Which feels more like a horror movie thing
 than a sexy thing.
 - Yeah.
 That's why cats got in trouble.
 'Cause they had a cat taking off his,
 or a cat wearing a fur coat.
 And I was like, where'd you get that fur coat?
 What's the fur?
 Do you remember?
 Judy Dench in Cats is wearing a fur coat.
 Is a cat, but she's also wearing a fur coat.
 And everyone was like, well, that's a bit rum, isn't it?
 - Is it?
 - Oh.
 - It's a bit rum.
 - Anyway.
 - Was it more or less controversial
 than the huge M&M controversy?
 - I mean, that's extremely controversial.
 Well, let's be real.
 They're just smarties, right?
 They're just smarties.
 - What?
 - Oh, come on.
 - Can I just say for legal reasons,
 they are not just smarties.
 - They are basically smarties.
 - But also, don't they predate smarties?
 - No, smarties just predate them.
 - Okay.
 - So Forrest Mars is the scion of the Mars dynasty.
 He had broken with his family firm,
 but he was of chocolate pedigree.
 And he was in Spain during the Spanish Civil War.
 Unclear why he felt the need to stick his beak
 into the Spanish Civil War, but.
 - There was a lot of beak sticking happening.
 - So much.
 - Next time.
 He spent time with George Harris from Roundtree.
 And the story, which may not be true, but it may,
 is that he noticed some soldiers with smarties
 and they have a hard candy shell.
 They don't melt as in the fierce Spanish sun,
 as easily as just normal chocolate would do.
 And miraculously, he then thought of M&Ms.
 What gave me the idea?
 We'll never know.
 - And he's one of the M's of M&Ms.
 So it's Forrest Mars.
 And then the other person is Bruce Murray,
 who was part of Hershey's.
 And it was a sort of collaboration, right?
 Where they had the chocolate.
 He had the idea stolen from the Spanish Civil War.
 And then they came together.
 - And that's why it's M&Ms, right?
 So it's the apostrophe M means it belongs to both of them.
 So it means M&Ms means belongs to Murray and Mars.
 But that means that a single M&M,
 that still belongs to them both, right?
 - Sure.
 - So that, I reckon a single M&M really should be an M&Ms,
 because it belongs to Murray and Mars.
 And that means I reckon a full packet of M&Ms
 should be M&Ms's.
 And that's what I will be asking for
 in the shops from now on.
 - Right.
 - This is gonna be the next big controversy, isn't it?
 - One panino and two M&Ms's is great.
 I completely forgot to check something
 speaking of the M's and the M's on the sweets.
 And I meant to.
 So sorry, I wouldn't normally ask the audience,
 but if you are listening at home, please try it.
 I read in either the Atlantic or the New York Times
 that if you pour a packet of M&Ms into some beer,
 the lettles will peel off from their shelves
 and float around the beer on their own
 like a goat trying to spell out a message.
 - Ooh.
 - Oh, really?
 - What was it that the ghost was just saying?
 - Mm, yeah.
 - If that is, he's in a pint of beer, so.
 - Yeah, that's true.
 - I think, didn't they, they invented it
 or they changed and innovated an existing machine
 specifically to print the M onto the M&Ms?
 - They're very secretive about their machines.
 - Yeah, right.
 - There are stories that if you're an engineer
 and a machine goes wrong at the M&M factory,
 that you're led in to repair it blindfolded.
 - What?
 - It's not clear at all.
 - Is the point complete?
 It's not a secret where it is in the factory.
 And you can't fix it blindfolded, presumably.
 - I don't know, I think not.
 But suppose that maybe you don't see
 the Oompa Loompas as you pass them by.
 It's the idea.
 - Right.
 - But you'd hear them singing.
 - You'd hear them singing.
 - But they're really, like Forrest Mars,
 we have mentioned before on the show, he was insane.
 So if executives had meetings
 with competitors or outsiders,
 they would sometimes turn up in disguise
 with a false moustache or whatever.
 Supposedly even their bankers
 don't have access to their financial records.
 - What?
 - Don't know what's going on there.
 But he was a total recluse.
 There are no photos of him.
 Or there might have been one photo of him ever taken.
 - Publicly.
 - He might have a lot in his family album.
 - Maybe.
 - But yeah, he never wanted to be seen in public.
 - Yeah, someone in 1999 tried to find out
 the name of the president of the Mars company, right?
 1999, no one knew the name of the president
 of the Mars company, one of the biggest companies
 on the planet.
 A journalist phoned up and said,
 "Can you tell me who's the president
 "of the Mars company, please?"
 Only to be told, "I'm sorry,
 "I can't give out the names of our associates."
 Phone was hung up.
 - Really?
 - They had a cult of total secrecy for a long time.
 - Has that changed or is that still the case?
 - It's still pretty much, it's his descendants
 who are running the place now, right?
 - Yeah, right.
 - It's still very, very, it's a touch ship.
 - Yeah.
 - It's very clever what they did with M&Ms
 with giving each of the M&Ms a different color
 because the color became the personality
 and hence people trying to fill in the gaps
 and work out what they brought to the table.
 And I was thinking, could we do that?
 That doesn't work, 'cause we're a podcast.
 We can't wear colors.
 People won't be able to hear the colors.
 And then I thought, actually,
 someone did it for us the other day
 because we were at a gig here in Australia
 and someone gave us a little fanzine
 that they've done of us by George Rex Comics
 and they've actually given us words to define who we are.
 - Well, you mean like the Spice Girls.
 - Like the Spice Girls, exactly.
 So that's how we need to exist, right?
 So in this quiz, which member of No Such Thing
 as a Fish are you?
 Here are the four options for what we could be.
 Sarcastic.
 Northern.
 (audience laughing)
 Boring.
 And an idiot.
 That's devastatingly bad to write.
 So we've got boring Spice, stupid Spice.
 Sarky Spice.
 And Scow Spice.
 (audience laughing)
 Northern Spice.
 - Scow Spice, great.
 - No, I was trying to think of another S
 that was in the North.
 I got it wrong.
 - Sounds like a really great quiz, Dan.
 And really relevant as well.
 - That was great.
 - I'm stuck 'cause I'm sarcastic.
 - Oh, yeah.
 - I'm such an idiot.
 I had no idea that you were.
 - Hey, hop, hey, hop, let's get on with it.
 - I can't think of anything interesting to add.
 (audience laughing)
 - Let's talk about Eminence a bit more.
 - Can we talk about Van Halen?
 The thing.
 - Oh.
 - Oh, of course, yeah.
 - 'Cause we're on tour, and they toured,
 and so basically we were rock band.
 This is a really interesting thing about, you know,
 supposedly Van Halen, when the rock big rock band
 in the '70s, '80s, they had a line in the rider
 which said, we want a bowl of Eminence
 with all the brown Eminence removed, right?
 That is a story that has done the rounds
 for such a long time.
 And the story was, it was so they were checking
 that the venue was reading the rider in full
 and doing everything right,
 so that all the amps were in the right place
 and the lights, it was actually a way of testing
 to make sure the venue were reading and paying attention.
 That has been turned on its head.
 This is the exciting thing, double debunk.
 I was reading Doug Max Snack Stack,
 which is a food and snack-based blog
 and is terrific.
 It's so good.
 - All right, barring spice.
 (audience laughing)
 - So the story A is just, they've got a big ego.
 Story B is that it's actually more complicated,
 but story C, think about it.
 The person whose job is to remove all the brown Eminence,
 it's not the same as the person whose job is to check
 the amps or the safety of the overall gig.
 That's an insane way of trying to ensure
 the safety and actually they caused huge amounts
 of damage to dressing rooms.
 Like when they found some brown Eminence at a gig once,
 they caused 100 grand of damage to a dining room.
 It now seems that they were just being wankers, so.
 - Right.
 - So why are we assuming that?
 Just 'cause they trashed the place.
 They could have been trashing it because they were pissed off,
 they hadn't read the rider.
 - They trashed the place, but also based on their quotes,
 it sounds like they genuinely did want it.
 It was kind of a way of throwing it around.
 'Cause also by the time anyone knows about it,
 it's no longer an effective test
 of whether a venue has read the rider.
 - So it seems like it has been double debunked, yeah.
 - Double debunked, you heard it here first.
 Do you want to know something about blue Eminence?
 No one got much of a look in.
 The dye in blue Eminence could repair your spine
 if your spine is damaged, but it might turn you blue.
 And this is a really, the dye is called Brilliant Blue G.
 And like scientists were just testing,
 studying it a few years ago, and they realized
 it blocks a chemical that makes your injuries worse
 if you've got a spinal injury.
 So it blocks a chemical that causes inflammation.
 So it basically means that you don't get
 the horrible repercussions of a spinal injury
 that you otherwise would.
 And they're looking into it, but the only thing is
 that it does turn you a bit blue.
 At the moment, if you're a rat, but we do know
 that that could be the case.
 And it just reminded me of another dye sweet base story
 that I loved that came out recently,
 which is that the food dye in Doritos
 and pretty much any other yellow thing,
 like macaroni and cheese, any yellow gummies,
 Cheetos, cereals.
 - Twisties.
 - Twisties, sure.
 Are they yellow?
 (audience cheers)
 - Orangey, yeah.
 - Twisties, Orangeyna, it makes mice transparent,
 the dye in that.
 And they think there's no reason why it wouldn't also
 make humans transparent.
 - Not if they eat it, right?
 - No, if you rub it on their skin, sorry.
 - No way.
 - Yes?
 - Are we surrounded by invisible mice now?
 (audience laughs)
 - They've been rubbed with Cheeto dust.
 - We don't, you know.
 - They're not empty on the inside, Andy.
 You would see, okay, you would see a big bag of mouse.
 - It's Hellraiser for mice, yeah.
 - So how many Doritos do I have to rub on myself tonight?
 - Well, just keep trying, James,
 and eventually you will go transparent.
 - There are two brands of chocolate milk in Australia
 that are made from cows that eat chocolate.
 - What?
 It doesn't come out when you milk them as chocolate milk.
 - Does it?
 Is that what we're saying?
 - No, that is definitely not what I said.
 - Okay.
 - It was confusing, is chocolate made from the cows?
 - Chocolate milk is made from the milk
 from cows that eat chocolate.
 - But you have led Dan up the garden path, haven't you?
 - Is the milk any different to standard milk?
 - No, no.
 It's just milk.
 It's just a coincidence, really.
 But you get these brands of chocolate milk.
 It's cartons of farmers union and purer flavored milks.
 And the cows that they take the milk from
 are fed with stuff from the nearby Cadbury factory
 that's just like offshoots that they don't need anymore
 because it's a really easy way of giving cows energy.
 - So it's kind of the circular economy.
 'Cause some of that milk will have been in,
 some of the milk in the chocolate will have been in a cow.
 - That's true.
 - It's a closed system.
 - We've solved sustainability.
 (audience laughing)
 Just feed the cows some chocolate.
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, everyone, that is it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 Sydney, you've been awesome.
 Thank you so much for having us.
 We will be back again.
 (audience cheering)
 And until then, we will see you.
 Goodbye!
 (audience cheering)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
