 Howdy club fish members. How you doing?
 Dan here. We have a compilation episode for you today
 This is the best bits of the stuff that didn't make it into the main episodes little outtakes
 Little extra bits of info that didn't quite fit the narrative of the show all bunged together here for you
 Starring the four fishers plus John Lloyd the QI Supremo
 So hope you enjoy that this should be hitting the club fish page on Tuesday
 Which means we are just under two weeks away from doing our next live show
 Which is happening in Sheffield at the crossed wires festival just gonna say that if you are thinking of coming
 We are on the edge of selling out and so don't leave it till last minute cuz there might not be any tickets left
 You can find them by going to know such thing as a fish calm. It'll be a really fun night
 I think the show is about 85 minutes. We're gonna be doing really fun things like we're gonna enter
 Someone into the fish Hall of Fame a local from Sheffield who has been mentioned previously on the episode
 So they'll be up on stage with us or at least that's the plan. We might try out something new all together
 It's always fun doing these live shows and we'd love to see you there. So come along
 But for now enjoy the compilation episode. Here we go
 I
 Had a quick hunt by the way cuz Murray's plums
 Nice to have something named after you. Yeah, Andy
 I wanted to see if we had any other fruits that were relevant to us
 The other three of us. So I found harken peaches
 Yeah, it says harken peaches now. It's Ian as opposed to iron for yeah, so harken peaches like listen peaches
 Yeah, as I tell the harken the tail and I so I was just reading up to see if there were any similarities
 So I found someone who actually
 Farms them and they say that normally harken trees are pretty finicky producers
 Okay, I'm a finicky producer when it comes to TV production. Yeah, you're covered in a lovely soft fuzz
 I
 Know you you don't have a toshinsky, but you have an Anna which is an Anna's apple, which is Anna Bolin's
 Let's not make assumptions. That's a leap. That's a leap. I'm not really maybe named after her head
 Well in some of the photos it is quite a flat apple. They didn't take photos at the time
 What oh right of the apple?
 In some photos there's different shapes to it. So yeah, I got excited
 Two of ambulance homes in the last month ambulance following me around at the moment. No, you're following her around
 These other detectors, okay like the weird ways people have tried to detect neutrinos because lots of countries have got their own ones around the place
 So there's one in Japan, which is a tank of 50,000 tons of ultra pure water under a mountain
 That's called the super cameo candy and scientists have to get rafts around the surface of this
 What on the ultra pure water? They were around on it. I shot that clean the rafts before they go in
 They probably have one of those little, you know a little puddle of clean water that you walk through so that you don't get verucous
 Yeah, definitely, and they'll have a pool robot on the inside just getting anything else
 A guy with his top off in a long net
 Then there was the first detector built in the 60s by Raymond Davis Jr. And John Buckle was a tank with half a million litres of dry cleaning fluid in it
 Oh, yeah, what yeah, it has more uses I guess
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, I don't know if I know what dry you mean like washing fluid
 It's a it's a chemical you use isn't it? I can't remember what it's called now
 Never been to dry cleaners wouldn't know but cool glad it's got another even better application. Absolutely. Yeah
 That's really cool. And there's one called dune in America
 It's underground it is underground like the worms, but there are two detectors 800 miles apart one is pointing at the other one
 You know plums have stones in them. Yeah, they're unique to the species that stone
 You know all the like the little bumps and stuff that you get in them like a fingerprint like a fingerprint
 So, you know, which plum has burgled you
 What do you mean unique to the species sorry so if you get a little plum stone, yeah, it's got loads of wrinkles on it
 Yeah, and you have a book which has all the different patterns
 You'll be able to tell which species of plum it comes from or which variety why we matches the same dense in the stone
 Yeah, exactly. And so in the Marie Rose ship
 We sank when 16th century and then they raised it in when up 20th century
 They found all these stones all these plum stones and they could tell exactly what species they were and they went
 Or what variety they were and they went back to the national fruit
 Center which I think we might have mentioned before
 Yes, I checked it against modern fruits and they could see exactly what they were. Oh my goodness
 That's insane. That is why they share fingerprints
 So if you're one species of plum then you can blame the burglary on your mate
 Who's the same species because you've left the same pretty. It's almost like every family would have the same or something like that
 Professor plum
 Yeah, so
 Plums blue gold they're called in Serbia. Yeah
 They have 40 million plum trees and at least three plum festivals every year in Serbia
 And if you have
 Serbian drink the national drink and that's plum flavored usually
 Oh, God, is that is that the thing they give you at the free at the end of every meal whenever you go to one of those countries?
 Yeah, if you're in like Serbia Montenegro some parts of Bosnia and
 They give you that have it because if you don't you're insulting them, but you're gonna regret it the next like all of those things
 Where it claims to be favored with X but it tastes like petrol like yeah, it tastes really strong quite chemical
 Yeah, there's often a thing where I don't know if this is your experience
 But where if you're there with someone of the opposite sex in my experience
 My wife would be given a reasonably nice spirit and I would be given something. It was absolute lighter
 Slightly bloke a thing to get and she's got a little bit of plum brandy or something and I'm just drinking pure diesel
 I must admit whenever I've been with Serbians and the slivovics has come out
 Usually everyone's getting involved. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, yeah
 They must think of you as particularly manly
 What they've seen my plans
 The Venice in general is a I didn't I had no idea how it's built
 So I knew it was Laguni. I knew it's in the middle of a lagoon
 I knew that sort of you know, and there wasn't a road or rail link until the middle of the 19th century
 Yeah, but it was built what I didn't know is that it is how it's on stills
 So every building is built on these wooden poles
 Which have been driven down into the sediment and if you drive down enough poles, it's like nine or ten per square meter
 You can just put stone on top of that and it all
 Here's the church of San Marco required 10,000 oak trees to be put into converted into poles for one church
 It's a big church the whole of Venice must be way even more than that
 It's millions. Yeah, millions and millions of these poles. It's like they say it's an inverted forest
 It's so cool. And this was literally 1500 years ago, wasn't it? I mean, this is in the fifth century or whatever
 Which is extraordinary that they were able to do that
 I think and the good thing is because they're underwater and they're all underwater, right?
 So you've got the the rocks on top, but the poles themselves never go above the water
 And that means they don't rot because there's no oxygen to make them rock
 So they stay on the water and they're still now the ones from 1500 years ago is still good
 They're not they're not kind of falling apart. It's amazing
 And there was a job the batty Pali the pile hitters that was their job was to pound pound the piles into the ground
 You need a big hammer for that. Don't you? How are you doing that?
 What you do I didn't often work experience on a farm once and I had to
 When you're building a fence you have this big metal drum which is open at one end and it's got two handles
 It's like a milk churn, basically, but you put it upside down
 You put it over the steak you're banging into the ground a steak banging and you just lift it up and bang down
 It goes it's such hard work and water that must be really difficult with a whole sort of tree
 You basically you've got to be so strong. You've got to be so strong
 Yeah, yeah, and they had their traditional song which was all about venison its glory and death to the Turks like good traditional stuff
 And even now in Venice, there's a phrase nattista. They're about the pie
 Which means a head that is good to pound down the piles. Are you a bit thick?
 You know, nice
 And now we're gonna talk about why you only lasted an afternoon of work experience on that farm
 Yeah, I was slated for a seven-year contract of steak banging, but I got tired. It's really hard work
 Um, you know George Foreman's grill. Yeah most famous grill of all time. It's shifted like over a hundred million units
 Is it a barbecue? No, no, it's like it's a grill you sort of you a toasty maker
 It's like it's like it is like what it's like it looks exactly like one
 But it's for meats and it's and it's positioned on an angle so that all of the juices sort of run down and away
 So it's yeah, I miss and he's made more he made because he's passed away now more money off the back of that than his entire
 Boxing career by substantial amount. He's made like between 200 and 500 million off of it because he was getting 40% of the deal
 But most people mistook him as the creator of it
 But in fact, it was this brilliant innovator who was called Michael Bohm who was the person who started it
 He went to George Foreman and Hulk Hogan to say which one of you could do it
 Oh, he went to the same agent who had both of them. Yeah, Foreman got it in the end
 And but this guy no one believed him that he invented it
 So he used to walk around with the patent on to him any time that someone said you're not the inventor
 He was a am I not have a look at my patients talking to him at a party
 T-shirt saying I invented the George Foreman grill is making is deterring me
 He's not talking to you at a party
 Yeah, meet her on Francois meet her on recent one. Yeah, very recent. He had a wife
 But he also had a mistress in the dark
 He basically lived a double life and it was his wife Danielle who insisted that it was kept secret from the press and
 basically the press all knew about it, but they
 Like decided they wouldn't print anything that ultra the ultra conservative about exposing their leaders
 They really are they're very very cautious about it
 They are I suppose that it's weird because they're conservative about that
 But they are much more liberal as we famously know about relationships
 So meter on situation was so interesting before he became president
 He lived in a house with his wife and his wife's lover who has like just had a separate room in their house
 And when he became president
 But he when he did become president they like his staff moved to the woman and who he was having this affair with into a house
 It was nice and near him
 So he could go and sit there all the time and they employed a guy to make sure that no one printed anything about them
 So there was this guy called Francois de Grosse of
 And whenever any journalists sort of sniffed around said we're gonna do an article about this separate life
 You have at one stage they got a journalist and kidnapped him and locked him in the cellar for a week saying
 And then it's like it's a bigger story
 Yeah, and then in 2021 it turned out that he wasn't living a double life after all he was living a triple life
 And there was another woman called Claire who was 50 years his junior
 Who that he was having an affair with the whole time as well
 I actually think he was having lots of shags along the way
 But yeah, Claire again, it was it's so interesting. It's just like very different
 Standards that I can't judge
 So she Claire had followed him for four years from when she was 18 to when she was 22
 Yeah, and then eventually invited him around her house and they had basically what seems like quite a nice relationship for the last 10 years of his life
 Alongside his marriage, right? It's one interpretation and then other people could say that it wasn't appropriate
 Yeah, you could say that there's a massive massive power imbalance. You could say that yes
 Although she's definitely more physically able and the staff all said it was great because she could go on official visits with him
 And because she was so young even in France no one suspected that they were together
 So she used to accompany him brilliant in many ways the perfect crime
 I want to stress the word Christ
 But all of this stuff about method acting and the method I love it all goes back to Stanislavski
 Yes, the Russian guy Russian acting coach
 Yeah
 Constant in Stanislavski and he founded this realistic acting stuff and the problem all acting was very unrealistic on film
 Because it was silent film so you have to have big theatrical gestures and movements and and theater as well
 You would exactly yeah, and you can't and then it all changes when the close-up is invented
 Suddenly you zoom right in on someone's face and they're going
 They look like they're overacting
 Crazily and so you have to then you could do the less is more school
 But and Stanislavski founded this sort of realistic acting. Yeah, and you would go in and you'd be an actor in Stanislavski's
 Moscow theater and
 You would do your lines, and he would just go I don't believe you and you do them again
 He go I don't believe you I don't believe you I don't believe you
 And you just say that again and again and again until it was right
 That's genuinely flashback to my clown school days
 What you're doing and they won't let you go but Stanislavski in fairness he walked the walk
 So he did that method himself and whenever he was acting a part
 He would go for a walk in the altar like he had a big sort of theater in Crimea
 And he would go for a walk in his character every single morning
 Everyone would laugh at him and point at him
 But he didn't really mind because he was just trying to get into character. I really respect the lack of
 Social fear yeah, you have to have to do that like Daniel A. Lewis just having the guts to do it
 And I really liked the fact I thought he was a bit of a dick for doing it
 But then you read interviews and he said he does it for fun
 Which I can really empathize with is like he says I do it to play also if the director saying yeah
 We'll pay for you to like live in Prague and learn check
 But you know the fate the famous story and the great story about method acting I found something out about that
 You know the Dustin Hoffman Laurence Olivier tale
 Which is that when they were filming Marathon Man with Dustin Hoffman in the 80s was it and
 Dustin Hoffman staggers in one day and there's one bit of Marathon Man where the lead character the Dustin Hoffman is playing
 It has to have been a wake for three days straight and he staggers in and says to Laurence Olivier
 I've stayed awake for three days preparing for this character
 I feel like absolute shit and he's haggling his hairs all over the place and Laurence Olivier just turned him
 Put his hand on his shoulder and said my dear, why don't you try acting?
 Anyway famous story famous Dustin Hoffman has said he wasn't actually doing it to prepare
 He'd just been out on the booze for three nights straight
 Okay, and I think they maybe he's trying to sound cool now because he said he comes across as the loser in that story
 Whereas Laurence Olivier is the aloof. It was also dead. So there's no you can't come back and say he's lying
 Exactly, I love there's a story which is sort of method acting
 Steve Martin when he did Roxanne the movie. He has a giant nose, right Pinocchio long
 They were in a small town and they were filming and he finished a day really needed a drink
 So it takes a long time to take the prosthetic off. So he's like I'm just going for a drink
 But then he sort of got cold feet while he was out kind of got this giant nose
 I'm gonna walk into a bar. No one knows really who I am out here and
 He gets into a bar and it does the classic piano stops playing
 Everyone turns around and he's freaking out thinking. Oh girl. What am I doing?
 I'm gonna get my ass kicked walks up to the bar and a gruesome looking dude
 According to him walks up to him and says hey
 Why the long face?
 Come on great a story
 It's better on paper
 Avant de Gaulle, she's an interesting character. Charles de Gaulle's wife exactly. Yeah, so she was the first lady of France and
 She there was a story that while sort of his retirement was imminent
 She was at Buckingham Palace and I guess asked her what are you most looking forward to in your retirement?
 She said a penis
 I mean, it's almost the origin of that joke
 She was saying happiness, but it was oh god, and then Steve Martin walked in
 History's jokes, but but um, yeah, she's a very interesting character
 She while we're talking about censorship as the top bit of this fact
 She was very much against things like displays of nudity and sex and tried to have things past so that they wouldn't be shown in public
 Mini skirts were a problem for her as well. She wanted the lengthening of a skirt to have to actually be legally a certain length
 And then there's this amazing thing, you know, there was an assassination attempt on
 On shot. Oh, well, there was one of both of them. I mean he was one of the most almost
 So 1962 they get ambushed while they're in their car and it's machine gun fire
 They both survive her first words after she got out of the car were a penis
 Please cut out the earlier reference
 The first question was how are my chickens and it's because she just bought some chickens in jelly at some fare at some
 That still was more concerned to her machine gun bullets might have absolutely
 They're in the boot of the car. Yeah
 What could have happened like even if your chicken gets shot by a bullet?
 Maybe the rare chickens that you only get out at one fair once a year, you know, I get it
 Fair enough. I'll be your question to the cockle van
 more like cockle boot
 Driving in a van with an A. There you go. Yes. There's a joke in that somewhere. Absolutely
 Mongolia barbecue is quite cool. It's called boo dog
 What you do is you take your right in the dog and leaps into the fire
 Bobs your uncle. I think if you told the dog about this, they get frightened. So you get your animal
 Let's say it's a marmot and you cut it open from its head to its groin slice it right down
 You take out all the insides you season them and then you stuff them back in again
 Oh with stones and veggies and you put it over a fire
 And you just leave it over the fire for ages and ages and then you cut bring it out and you eat all the insides and
 The stones are now really really hot and you pass them around the group everyone gets to hold the stones in their hand
 Well, I was gonna ask you that
 Oh
 Why would you want to do that?
 That's quite cold in Mongolia. It does at times. Yeah, that's nice. Yeah, this is more put on your hand
 It's like a hot plate just keeps it. Oh, yeah, good call. Apparently it's supposed to help against stress
 Okay, very hot stones. I feel stressed
 How fast is the fastest submarine
 Give it an MPH if you want this is the underwater sea record also, and I'll say 50. Oh
 Yeah, that's some 50 miles an hour. It's gonna say 200. I'm so less. There's a lot of water resistance, isn't there?
 And they're so big and fat. I'm gonna say 30. Okay. No, that's mad 40
 Andy is the closest but he's absolutely miles away. It's 51.4
 I
 Think Glenkeen the little mermaid illustrator. There's something interesting about him. He is similar to one of us. Oh
 He has something that one of us have really loves his wife. No, it's not them
 No, you two have James and Anna. Oh, okay, a Bolton accent. It's not Anna
 A superiority complex
 Um, it's that he can't picture things in his mind's eye
 He has a illustrator. He has a Fantasia. Oh, Fantasia is another Disney film. Oh, sorry
 Is he is mind-blind?
 He has to draw things because he can't see them in his mind. So literally every time he thinks he has to draw it
 No, it's not but he makes it very difficult to draw things
 Can I say if it's Asia was really hard because you can't imagine it before you put it on paper?
 So you start drawing stuff and then halfway through you're like this is nothing like what it's supposed to be
 That's exactly right. And he says the same thing. They're not drawing from memory
 They're creating so they have to scribble tweak until they have what they want
 But he's he's one of the best animators ever. He's from the the new golden age of animation
 He drew the beast from Beauty and the Beast. So it can't be that hard James. I mean
 This guy's drawing the best
 Can we talk about the the little mermaid in Copenhagen sure thing
 So there's a statue of the little mermaid in Copenhagen, which I think is one of the most suffering statues of all time, right?
 So, yeah, she's she's in the harbor. She's sitting on a rock. She's beautiful
 She's washing her hair or something whatever, but she's hands Christian Anderson's little mermaid because that's his original story
 Which is very different. It's a bit more gruesome in the ending. You know, it's not quite as Disney-ish, but it's you know
 It's a classic fairy tale
 Anyway, this statue has been absolutely through the ring. All right, she was decapitated in 1964 and
 1998 her right arm was cut off in the 80s
 She was partially decapitated in 1990 in 2003. She was blown up with dynamite
 This statue has just had it people haven't go at this statue all the time
 I think it's exciting. Oh, just because she's so famous. She's such an icon. Well, it's all sorts of reasons
 So what there was one group of radical feminists who claimed
 That they had done it to sort of point out to create a simple
 They claimed they're kind of a head to create a symbol of the sexually fixated and male misogynist dream of women as being bodies without heads
 I point well made I think
 Didn't they then find that actually they didn't have enough evidence and they probably didn't do it
 So they set a murder squad on the case which I love, you know, they all like every single time she's been defaced
 They get the murders
 But basically in 1990 an anonymous tip tip-off guy rang up a TV camera man
 Freelance TV camera man called Michael Poulsen and said go and check out the Little Mermaid's head
 It's gone and he got to the scene of the crime and though two people apparently roller skating away saying too late and
 Then on day four the head turned up and it was returned by a masked figure to a TV station
 And the return happened to be filmed by a freelance TV camera man called Michael Poulsen
 who was the one who got the original beheading scoop and he made lots of money selling both sets of shots and he was arrested as
 Having maybe and doing it himself and did he get found guilty or he was released
 He was questioned and then released so it wasn't him in the end
 But it was thought that the whole thing would be done as a kind of thing to get some PR
 But that wasn't it. No, I don't know if they got the 1991. Is it hard to decapitate a statue? Oh, yeah
 So that's a lot of that bronze is hard to bronze is hard. Yeah, I'm surprised that they managed to do it
 Yeah, it seems to have just been hacked sword off every time whenever I've been there
 There's always a lot of tourists nearby so like you'd have to do in the middle of a night or something
 Yeah, I think they do. Yeah, I think it was exciting for her because biggest statue must be mostly so boring
 There was an article in 2017 written in June and said literally by June that year
 She'd already Warner Birker held a sex toy and been covered in paint twice. I mean, what a gig
 Yeah, unless you're a racist as a statue, you see no action basically
 But she's not she's not racist. No, no, no, but I'm just saying the only other stat
 Yes, arguably I don't know what people's motivation was but probably when she was wearing a Birker holding a sex toy
 She was racist at that moment. I don't know. I don't know. She was doing them both at the same time
 I don't know if that makes it better
 Is she complicit to
 You know the Millennium dome. Yeah, man, think of it from above, right? Yeah, what does it look circle like a yeah
 What else does it feature some like there's like some wires that go down to that?
 Yes, there's that and you can actually walk over the top of it now
 It's a cool tourist thing you can do. There's a massive hole in the side of the Millennium dome
 That no one ever talks about okay, and what it is is it's got it's a huge tower like a ventilation tower for the
 Blackwall tunnel which runs under London and they needed to have a vent tower
 No way they said but that's where we want to build the Millennium dome
 They said well, sorry
 That's where our big towers going and it's just in the middle of the Millennium dome and they convinced them by saying don't worry
 No one will notice
 It turns out you're the first person to notice. We just not pay attention to it. Look at it
 It's got a massive hole in the top
 That's really weird. This big tunnel in Norway has a ventilation. Oh, yeah, this net
 Yeah, I think halfway through we mentioned in the podcast few weeks ago that you need to have these big fans in tunnels to make sure that the
 Air goes through but not just Andy standing in every tunnel saying
 But the one in Norway it comes out and like the top of a mountain somewhere
 I tried to find out on Google Maps and I could find the area, but I couldn't see the the hole
 With a big cork
 I was thinking exactly the same thing well done and going one step further
 I think what a cool film or adventure to go in there and crawl all the way through
 But when the Great Western Railway was built
 There's quite a lot of tunnels there and there's a guy called Dionysus Lardner who said
 I mean, they knew how to name babies in those days
 But he said that if you put any train in a tunnel as long as like say let's say the box tunnel
 Which is one of the big ones in the Great Western Railway
 They said that the train would use up so much oxygen when it was moving that there wouldn't be anything for the passengers to breathe
 And then one would just die
 What and he was he saying that he was saying that and he isn't right about those tunnels
 But he is right that you do need a lot of ventilation in those tunnels. Yeah, yeah tough gig
 And I do our tunnel that there's a sort of railway legend about
 Which was this was designed by is embarking on Brunel. It was in the 19th century
 It is the box tunnel near bath. Do you know that time? That's one I just mentioned. Oh, okay. Sorry. All right, so
 This was built
 With an idea that it was done deliberately so that light would shine from one end to the other through right?
 It's like one of these big legends because first beyond his birthday is meant to be on his birthday
 And the idea was not really confirmed until 200 years later when it was shut down and they were able to properly look through it on a morning
 I don't think it's been confirmed that it's for sure like that was the reason. Oh, no
 No, exactly, but the but the legend that the Sun would be seen on either side of the tunnel
 It was a thing and that was done because it was said it was
 Architecturally built so that it would do that on the birthday of Brunel and that was the 9th of April, which is today
 We asked the railway company once if we could go and film it
 Oh, really for qi and they said for some reason they would stop the entire rail network just so we
 They stop it a lot of the time anyway for much worse reasons
 And is it that if you hold the prism in the right place, it shows you where the Ark of the Covenant is buried
 Yes, yeah, yeah, so we need to find it before the Nazis do
 This I'm just jumping back to this submarine that went around the world
 It was a pretty amazing like the psychology of what do you do when you keep people for 60 days?
 Which is roughly how long they were under they had psychologists on board to monitor that and work out what was going on
 They did things like make people quit smoking because everyone was smoking up until recently
 It's only been banned smoking on submarines. So yeah, so they they did days of testing psychologically
 What does it do when you stop smoking? It did bad things. Everyone was really irritable
 So they allowed them to start smoking again
 They treated it a bit like a bit of a sightseeing tour the whole of the trip
 So anytime they got near land the periscope would go up and everyone was allowed a turn of just having a look
 They got to Easter Island and everyone had a good old look
 They pulled up to certain islands
 Whereas some of the members on board had family living there and asked them to out like locate the house on the shore
 So one guy actually spotted his mom and dad's house through the periscope
 Yeah, and I think that's why this guy this Filipino guy found them
 Wasn't it because they take him the same route as Ferdinand Magellan did when he went around the world
 And at one stage they saw that they were near like a statue of Magellan or something
 And so they put the periscope up up so everyone could see the statue and that's where he was
 There's one detail where his story wasn't believed or so we're told
 Because this happened to have happened on April Fool's Day
 And so when he came back and said I saw a sea monster
 And I was like, okay, yeah, sure thing. Nice one. You wouldn't believe it
 You know, would you believe it every other day of the year someone comes to me say they've seen a sea monster
 There's like literally no day of the year except maybe Christmas is a present to them that I say, oh, yeah, really cool
 Yeah, probably April Fool's Day is the one day where you go. Okay. Well, that's just too obvious to be an April Fool's
 It must be true. Yeah
 Ascension Island was an absolutely key part of the Falklands War wasn't it? They use his staging post
 Oh, was it? Yeah, because that's one of the three. There are three islands aren't they? Ascension Tristan de Cunha and
 The UK took over Ascension Island when Napoleon was in St. Helena because they thought that
 Yeah, he might escape. Yeah, it's a very convenient only 2,000 mile away hop, skip and a jump to save Napoleon and we can't let it happen
 It's lots given that it's so remote so many people visited it
 For example, the guy who discovered it was a Portuguese called Juan de Nova
 Who's known for some reason in St. Helena as John Newcastle and
 He was on his way to India on the and one of the crewmen on his voyage was a marigo Vespucci after whom America is named
 Oh, really? And then there's
 Captain Joshua Slocum the first man to sail single-handed round the world
 Who dropped in there on in 1898 and he sailed the whole way around the world
 You may have done this before without being able to swim which is an extraordinary fact, isn't it?
 Well, I think it helps gives you more of an incentive to sail. What do you think?
 Yeah, like we've got to get back there because if we don't get that I think a lot of sailors, you know way back
 Deliberately didn't learn to swim because they they didn't want to prolong the drowning
 Really rather have a quick quick one. Yeah
 One of the great forges of all time Elmira de Hore he was an artist himself
 And but he wasn't a very good one. Well, he's kind of okay
 But when he showed one of his paintings to woman called Lady Malcolm Campbell, she saw her and she said oh is that a Picasso and he was like
 No, no, it's me and I can't really sell it but Picasso seems to be selling quite well
 So from now on I'm just gonna paint my stuff and pretend it's from a Picasso. Nice
 And he became really massive throughout the 40s
 He was making all sorts of these forgeries of Picasso and Matisse
 So he created so many Modigliani forgeries that it's still now it's impossible to compile a catalogue of Modigliani's work
 Really? Yeah, because we don't know which ones are his and which ones are the Horeys
 And his collection is run now and he was such a big forger that people want to see his paintings
 And it's run by a guy called Mark Forgey
 On the attribution of you know, who did what a Nazi officer saw Gernica when Picasso was
 There and he said did you do that and Picasso said no you did it nice
 His only political painting really
 Really went off his paintings during this because he was obsessed with himself and drawing his women and how tortured they were
 And what horrible time they were having because he was having affairs and basically he went out with Dora Ma
 Who was very political she politicized him. He did Gernica. It became a huge anti-war symbol, didn't it?
 There was a painting of there was a huge sort of like
 Aircraft bombing of a village in Spain during the Spanish Civil War, right? By the by their allies of ashes by the Nazis and the Italians
 Which was in fact a birthday present sweetly from Göring to Hitler sweet, so sweet
 I just I wonder what were the circumstances and the situation in which Picasso replied that to a Nazi
 Was we talking post-war here? Are we talking like he wasn't in Nazi Germany, right?
 That's a pretty bold thing to say to a Nazi is all I'm saying. Well, I presumably during the war wasn't it?
 Occupation wild. What was the next sentence on the Nazi side because I think he was in Paris when the Nazis came into Paris
 Wasn't he I think yes, it reminds me of
 the famous story about Sigmund Freud when he was
 Asked to in order to get out of of Germany under the
 Nazis he was asked to sign a disclaimer saying that he hadn't been badly treated and
 He wrote I can heartily recommend the Gestapo to anyone
 Do you know which national anthem contains the word moss this is a question for Randy really?
 Is it a biggie Japan
 Anna's got it. Wow. They bloody love musto may your world go on for thousands of years until pebbles merge into one giant rock and
 Covered with moss. That's the dream
 In a national anthem survey 79% of Americans know the first line of the star-spangled banner
 But only 37% of Canadians know the first line to oh Canada
 Which is really pathetic considering the first line of oh Canada is oh Canada
 Can I just learn the fact tangentially terminate - one best sound effects editing in 1992?
 And I think there was this famous moment where
 T1,000 who I believe is one of the characters
 Goes through some metal bars and the sound effect was achieved by pouring dog food out of a can and it's it's quite cool
 To watch when you know that but I didn't know the director of that had such a good money-saving cheat for two separate scenes where
 The terminator all T1,000 I think can disguise himself as someone else
 And so you see a character looking at their reflection and then that character turns around and the reflection still looking at them
 And you realize it's T1,000. Do you know how he achieved that effect?
 With a window I'll give you a clue. Have you ever seen the film?
 Yes, it's the same concept as the big reveal in that he used Arnold Schwarzenegger's twin. He used identical
 He used identical twins twice in this film
 There's an identical twin so there's Don and Dan Stanton played a character called Lewis and then T1,000 pretending to be him
 And then Linda Hamilton, who I think was a famous part in that had an identical twin called Leslie Hamilton
 And whenever he needed, you know, one of them to do something body-doubly, isn't it? Was he hiring actors entirely based on that way?
 Yeah
 So heads of state and cows
 President Taft of America kept a cow called Pauline on the White House lawn. Do you remember that?
 No, I didn't remember it. No, so I was collecting names of naming animals of odd names
 So Byron had a pet wolf called Lion
 Either reveal is bad right when you mean it
 Einstein had a cat called Tiger
 Climbs Gustav Klint had a cat called Catskate. He said and the Times journalist Andrew Billan
 I read the other day is called he's got a cat called Vommie, which is Bode's ill, doesn't it?
 And I did I did really like this
 Elgar the composer spent a lot of time with the Hereford Cathedral organist dog who's called Dan
 Anyway, when Dan fell into the river wine swam upstream to find a landing place
 Somebody suggested that Elgar set the whole adventure to music and he did he said I've done it
 It was called the enigma variations
 Inspired by Dan the dog who fell into the river
 Dan I think he's just replaced you as my favorite Dan. Oh, I thought that changed long ago. Yeah. That's very cool
 I love whoever that journalist was what a billing he got to share just then out of nowhere
 He's a really good guy
 What's Swindon famous for the Oxford United's big rivals? Yeah, I could say about the football team
 What do they make in Swindon? Dianna Dawes is famous. She's a Swindon girl and
 The mayor was introducing it once he was terribly nervous because
 Her maiden name was Dianna Fluck like Peter Fluck
 And he said it's a gentleman may introduce
 That lady used to be called Diana Clunter
 Alright, there you go, that is all of our outtakes
 If you want to write to any of us about the things that were said in this episode podcast at qi.com
 All those emails go to Andy he goes through them and some of them make their way to drop us a line of which
 There'll be another episode popping into your club fish feed in the next couple of weeks
 So do write in if you want to have yours read out on the show one
 Correction from the outtakes which we thought worth keeping in any way
 Sometimes we just tell stories out loud because someone has said something while we're on a tangent
 And I just wanted to add a few corrections that brilliantly funny Steve Martin story that I told earlier
 So just in case you're thinking can't wait for this episode to end
 I absolutely want to get out there and start spreading the story
 There's a few corrections to add about it one is that he was filming Roxanne and he did go into a bar
 However, it wasn't because it was the end of the day and he was looking for a drink
 It's because they were halfway through the filming day. He had the prosthetics on he really needed the bathroom
 There wasn't one around someone pointed him to that place
 He walked in and then the story is pretty much the same. He gets looks from all the locals
 He's thinking oh am I welcome here or not and a man walks up to him looks him up and down and says why the long face
 There you go. You can now go out into the wild and spread that hilarious story
 All right, that is it everyone
 We are gonna be back as I say with a drop us a line in a couple of weeks
 We will see you all then and hopefully some of you in Sheffield
 No such thing as a fish calm check that out and find yourself some tickets. All right guys. Take care
 Hope you all doing well. We'll speak to you soon. Goodbye
 You
 You
 You
 You
 (upbeat music)
