 Hi everyone, welcome to this week's episode of Little Fish. We've been so happy to get a
 message from you guys to say that you've been enjoying this show and we certainly enjoy making it.
 There's a little bit more loose, a little bit more silly than the normal shows but we really,
 really love getting your facts so please do keep sending those in. The reason I've
 disturbed the start of your show today is because I want to tell you about a quiz that we're doing.
 It is for Patreon subscribers on the top tier and it will take place on the 23rd of January.
 It's 7pm UK time so that'll be some time in the afternoon if you're in North America and it'll
 be very early in the morning if you're in Australia or New Zealand but hopefully you will still be
 able to join us. It's going to be a whole load of fun. We've got loads of amazing stuff planned
 for you and if you are not a member of Patreon right now then you have to go to patreon.com/nosichthingsaffish
 and join our top tier. You could probably just do it for a month and then quit if you just want to do
 the quiz but honestly there's so much good stuff on our Patreon that I really think once you join
 you will be hooked because we have extra content, we have merch, we have video content, there's
 all sorts of stuff on there. We hope we've made it value for money because people going on there
 help to support the podcast so it is a real good mutual benefit thing. Anyway, enough of that
 really helped you enjoy this episode of Little Fish.
 Hey everyone, welcome to another episode of Little Fish. This is the bonus Monday episode where we
 put down our facts and we focus exclusively on your favourite facts from the last seven days.
 We have been going through the inbox, we've got a bunch of amazing things to read out to you today
 so why don't we get into it? Who's going to start? I've got one. Put my hand up there.
 Because we're recording on Zoom, you should say. I put my hand up because we're recording on Zoom but
 I feel like I might have done it even in the room with you guys. Yeah, that's true. I do every other
 week. Right, here's a fact from Owen Bergstein. In 2023, how many full-sized corn mazes were there
 in the United States that were shaped like Reba McIntyre's face?
 Okay, well first question. What is a corn ma- now? Who is Reba McIntyre? She's an unbelievably
 famous person who I'd never heard of. She's a country singer. I know Reba. She's a big deal.
 Two years. How's her name in America, I would say? The Queen of Country. She sold 75 million
 records. I've never heard of her until this email from Owen dropped it to the inbox.
 I mean, what level of fame are you in America that there are more than one corn mazes?
 You're assuming there's more than one. You're going straight in. I'm going straight in.
 Imagine if the answer's zero. What a quiz that would be. The riddler has checked it again.
 Okay, corn mazes. And obviously if she's a country singer, it feels like she's going to be
 popular in corn country. Good point. I'm going to say three. Okay, nice. I'm a high ball in it,
 I feel. That's 36. 36. Yeah. Well, Owen goes on. Did you say six? Ten? Did one of you
 ruin the game and say something like a hundred? Probably. Well, he's a listener at least.
 Well, the real answer is 25 plus another 15 that say her name. So there are 40 full size
 Reaper McIntyre corn mazes in the USA. And what's the reason?
 I was astonishing. Well, she has a face which is very good for corn mazes. She has these wrinkles
 on her forehead. They're in the exact shape of a spiral. She's getting on a bit, but I should say
 she's an incredibly beautiful and distinguished lady with no wrinkles on her forehead. What's
 the next? And I just say you can be beautiful and have wrinkles. Oh, okay. Oh, we've got into body
 positivity. Corn it. You're absolutely right. You're absolutely right. She looks exactly like an
 ear of corn. You know what? I've been to the world's biggest maze. It's in Hawaii. And it's in the
 dull plantation where they make pineapples. And I went in it. And someone has basically made a hole
 in all the hedges. So you can just get to the middle by walking through the holes.
 A hole plantation. Do you say the dull plantation? I see what you do there. Yeah, very nice.
 I had to break out of the maze a few years ago. There's one in Crystal Palace and I was with
 Finella. And she suddenly got terrified that a murderer might be in there. And sort of got like
 weird claustrophobia. She was like, this is exactly where you would get murdered. So we had to
 break out of this maze. But it happened to be on the edge of the maze. And we went into this
 weird random forest. And we were lost for like half an hour where it is so much more likely. I've
 done that maze, Dan. It's about four feet high. It's not. Please. This is not me saying that I
 think that I'm just reporting on what happened. Listen, I just got to tell you one or two other things.
 Owen says because the email is so good. Yeah. So yeah, it's that there are about 500 corn mazes in
 the USA. So eight percent of US corn mazes roughly were Reaper McIntyre themed. He also adds the
 mazes appear in 23 states. The 23rd state joined the union in 1820. So in 1819, somebody could have
 remarked to someone else in just over two centuries, more American states will have Reaper McIntyre themed
 corn mazes that currently exist. How time to change? Hey, that says PS. I am not sponsored by Reaper
 McIntyre. I find her music annoying. Oh, there you go. That's amazing. I shall I do another
 fact? Yeah, you're jumping. This one is from Andrew Law Vassa. And Andrew says that the 2000 movie
 Cruel Intentions 2, which sounds like Dan would love it, is a cut down of a TV adaptation turn
 sequel to Cruel Intentions, which was adapted from dangerous liaisons, a film adapted from a Broadway
 play that was itself an adaptation from an 18th century French novel. And it was produced by a company
 called Original Film. Brilliant. Brilliant. That's. There you go. Would you like another one?
 Yeah, go on. This is from Dennis Rump, who says I would love to hear Andy try to pronounce my last
 name. Hint is German. So I think it's Dennis Rump. Bad luck, Dennis, because Andy actually speaks a bit
 of German, don't you Andy? I'm Bissien. Yes. This is a cool. Yeah. This is a cool fact about
 planes. It's brilliant. So you know, you have those turbines on an airline's jet engine.
 You know, the airline jet engine has all these blades, right? On going round and round and round.
 Well, Dennis says the centropetal force, which is the swirling round force, on each turbine blade
 of an airline as jet engine is roughly equal to the weight of two double decker buses.
 To, I know, it's crazy. And to overcome this stress, which is obviously enormous, each blade
 on those turbines is made of a single crystal of an alloy. Isn't that okay? Yeah, what's the
 way you said it? Yeah. Crystal is a word that's very easy to say at a mystical fashion, isn't it?
 Yeah, single crystal of an alloy. I don't really quite understand what that means.
 Is it an elliptical? Is it like if you were a someone who robbed banks for or jewelry shops,
 is there like a fine crystal just sitting at the centre? It's not a crystal in the sense that
 you were describing it. It's metal. It's not a crystal in the sense of Indiana Jones or the
 crystal skull. Exactly. So glad to come, it's a real, it's a real cineasts dream this episode,
 isn't it? True intentions to Indiana Jones for. But basically, the blades, they have to cope with
 these huge stresses and forces. And if you have one crystal, it's one part is the point. So there
 were no, what they call grain boundaries in the blade, which makes it a lot stronger. One of the
 best quibbles that we ever had on QI was when we did a question about these turbines.
 And we said that Rolls-Royce engines are tested by throwing frozen chickens or frozen turkeys
 into the blades to make sure that they don't break, which I think is true or at least it was true.
 And we put a picture of one of these turbines up on the screen. Actually, it was a video, some VT,
 and someone wrote in saying that couldn't possibly be a Rolls-Royce engine because Rolls-Royce engines
 go in a clockwise direction, and that was going in an anticlockwise direction. Or vice versa. I can't
 know what it was. And what had actually happened was we had used it, but we just flipped the footage.
 Oh wow. Brilliant spot. What a spot. Yeah, it was an amazing spot. It's a brilliant quibble.
 Lovely. All right, James. Okay, here is the fact from Peter Bloom. And Peter says,
 "While in prison, Clyde Barrow of Bonnie and Clyde fame, amputated two of his toes to get out of
 hard labor six days later, he was unexpectedly pardoned." Lovely. So slightly, well, he got out
 of six days of hard labor. Yeah, I've never looked into those guys. I just know. What do you know about
 them, don't you? Just know it as the movie. I know it's the Bonnie and Clyde movie. I know it as a
 Serge Gainesburg song. Bunny. It's a beautiful French moment in that song. Do you know what they
 what they did? Like what crimes they did? Then they were shot. Well, shot up. Interestingly,
 they very rarely rob banks. And in fact, whether they ever did or not, I'm not sure, because banks
 are quite hard to rob, right? Because they have a lot of security. I definitely Clyde did rob a few
 banks, but usually when he did it, he did it with another associate called Raymond Hamilton,
 and Bonnie often drove the getaway car. And I think like Raymond and Clyde doesn't have the same ring.
 It's called a sexy. And so they might have done one or two banks, but mostly they would rob like
 convenient stores and gas stations and stuff like that, whether it's not as much security, and you can
 just get the money out of the town. That's less sexy as well. That's extremely unsexy. Now that we know
 it. I would say Clyde and his friend Raymond basically sticking up an Aldi at the side of a road.
 It doesn't work. The searchgainesburg song would have been less sexy as well.
 That's great. That's great. That's great extra intel. Well, I got a little sort of crime adjacent
 fact here that's been sent in by Alex Hartley. People are more likely to give their seat to a pregnant
 woman when Batman is present now. I buy it. So this was reported in nature and the idea was a female
 experimenter came on appearing pregnant. She boarded the train with an observer and then they watched
 if anyone stood up to give her a seat. Now an additional person dressed as Batman would then
 enter from another door. And as soon as Batman was in the room, they noticed that 67% stood up
 versus 37% when Batman wasn't there. Interestingly, 44% of the people who offered their seat claimed
 that they did not see Batman before offering the seat. Right. So can I ask something down? Is this
 to do with seeing a pregnant woman and thinking, oh, I won't bother? And then Batman gets on who
 reminds me of values of justice? Or is it just that the presence of a Batman costume on a train
 is weird enough that you look around and then you notice, oh, there's a pregnant woman here.
 Oh, that's the good thing. Because everyone's looking at their phones and the people that
 people are not paying attention. I'm not sure the answer to that. But I think that's something
 that absolutely are less difficult superheroes. Not in this one. This is a very specific Batman
 experiment. Spider-Man might have a different result. Yeah, but they didn't have access to the Marvel
 Universe's copyright. So if it was Captain Marvel or Wonder Woman or someone, you might see that
 superhero and think, well, women are much stronger than me. So I deserve the seat. Yes. I think Batman's
 been used quite often in studies, hasn't it? Do you remember that study that if you dress children
 like Batman, they do better at school or something? Yeah. What? Remember that? Well, they can afford the
 private education, can't they? Because they're absolutely loaded. Yeah. What is it? What's the day
 every day at the school? What's going on? I think it was something like that. It just made the kids
 more confident of something. Well, there was also that thing which I think was done on QI,
 which is how I know it, of the Superman pose. I don't know if that was the bunk thing right. Andy,
 do you have another effect? I've got a fact, which relates to something we said recently on the
 show actually. This is from Catherine Radmer. I'll just read you the fact. Noted French composer,
 Camille Sasson, I want to say. Yeah, who wrote the who are Cantina theme in a previous episode? Exactly.
 Is credited with composing the first documented film score. No way. This was in 1908 and he seems
 to be the first famous person to have written a score for a film and it was a specific score for a
 specific new film. So I think that's what qualified as the first. It was called the assassination of
 the Duke of Gees and it was 15 minutes long, which was epic at the time. That was like Lord of the
 Rings avatar. That was a biggie. Do you think you need an intermission halfway through? Oh, definitely.
 Yeah. Sorry. Too much. Basting for a piss. Seven minutes in.
 Yeah, okay, I've got one more. We mentioned Tim Hortons, the donut chain a few weeks. Well,
 actually quite a few weeks ago now. This coffee shop in Canada. Because we were saying that in
 Canada, they eat more donuts than in America. But the column Smith wrote to us and said,
 "Did you be noticed that it has no apostrophe and this is because the apostrophe is illegal in Quebec?"
 Yeah. And it's because the apostrophe S is English grammar and they're trying to keep the French
 language alive. And so they say that, you know, you're not allowed to do it. And apparently Canadians
 in that area are very upset about it. Half of them are very happy with it. Does it have to be called
 Le Horton de Tim or something? No, it's just Tim Hortons just with NS. How far would the authorities
 push this if the rules were being breached? Like, are we talking police activity?
 Honestly, I think it would depend on the political climate at the time, as so many of these things do.
 Very wise. You know, if you want to stop people selling glitters instead of pites or vice versa,
 those things the police tend to get involved just before a local election.
 So James, are you saying Tim Hortons is a Canadian company, therefore, it has to do those rules,
 or is that for all companies? Like McDonald's. I wonder if McDonald's. I don't think McDonald's
 has to change all of its paperwork just when it's in Canada. So German doesn't use apostrophes.
 We were talking earlier about how Andy speaks a bit of German, but people in German do sometimes
 use apostrophes and it's known in German as the idiots apostrophe. That's unkind. Why?
 Because it's like someone who's not using the German language correctly and is sort of
 appropriating the English language instead. And a bit like how we take the piss out of people if
 they put the apostrophe in the wrong place. If you're like a, you know, a gross as or something,
 we call it the grossest apostrophe. True, you're right. They call incorrect or correct in English,
 but they call it idiots apostrophe. Very strong. Very strong. Harsh but fair. Yeah. Well, that's
 the Germans. For some of history. Well, those are brilliant facts. Thank you so much everyone
 for sending them in. If you want your fact read out on the show podcast at qi.com, send them there
 and he goes through them all and he sends them out to us and we love chatting them through. So yeah,
 more please. But we got one more thing to do before we wrap up, which is we have some new custodians
 who need some facts. Dishing out. So if you are a member of the club fish highest tier, which is
 friend of the podcast, you immediately get assigned one of the facts, the headline facts from the archive
 of no such thing as a fish. So we're going to read out some now. So Andy, why don't we start with you?
 Yes. Here's one. This goes out to Missy Brown. Congratulations, Missy. Your fact in perpetuity
 to look after and care for is that the first ever made in Germany labels were intended to put people
 off buying products made in Germany. It's because it's this old law. I think it was the 19th century. And
 I think maybe Germany didn't have quite the reputation for really high quality, precision,
 manufacturing, all this that it did now. People were worried about Sheffield, huge metal working city,
 Sheffield cutlery industry, all of that. They were worried about cheap German knockoffs. And so
 this was a law that said, if you're a foreign company in the UK, you have to put a label on saying
 made in Germany and therefore worse. I'd like to see some more fun in the labels like made at sea.
 Oh yeah. Made in space. Is that on your fish? Yeah. He's mad on.
 Made with love. That's lovely. Do you remember that was what was it? What other smoothies called?
 Innocent. Innocent. Was it? Was it true that they said once I might be getting this mixed up
 with another company, but they said made with love in one of their items. And they weren't allowed
 to put it because it wasn't. It's very, you know, the rules of what you put on labels are very
 strict. And if you say it's made with love, there has to be actual actual what actual what the only
 one I remember is the Welsh dragon sausages, which had to put a little disclaimer on the saying
 not does not contain dragon. They should have just found some Komodo dragon. You were just
 bought a tiny little bit in each one. Yeah. Where was your business prey that the side of James?
 I had contact the other day with, you know, I've been taking lion's mane mushroom
 little, little juicy injections. Yeah, all right. Joe Rogan.
 Well, they made locally in Margate where I live and a friend of mine had a bottle and she bought it
 last summer and she said, I don't know when the use by date is. And so I was like, oh, I'll just ask
 the person online. And they said, basically, if we were allowed to, we would put use by end
 of universe because it's it's fine forever. Because it doesn't work. No, but I'm when you take
 care. It's like, who says it works? Who says it works? It's all about placebo. Absolutely.
 Fair enough. Okay. Here is a fact for Leah M. Leah, your fact is that in 1991, a professor at
 Iowa State University suggested we could solve almost every problem by blowing up the moon.
 Wow. I do not recall this fact. That is one of yours. Can you remember what problems it was
 solved? Global warming, the production problems on cruel intentions three. There was a lot. I think
 this was one of those comments. And the professor has passed away since where I think the family
 was sort of like, oh, it was it was a common in passing. And, you know, it's been amplified as
 like his main things. You've got to be so careful with your words, yes, scientist. Let's let's do
 another one. This one is for Lily Kemp. This is a James Harken fact. And it's from episode 21,
 by the way, if anyone wants to go back and listen to all of these facts in their full glory.
 The fact is in New York City until 1925, drivers going east west, stopped on amber and drove on green,
 and drivers going north south, stopped on green and drove on amber. Great. Amazing. But it's
 easy to tell if you're going east west or north south, especially in New York, right? Because it's
 such a grid system. But I think like probably for people who aren't native New Yorkers,
 you might not always know which direction you're going in. That's very true. That's very true. One
 my secondary proposal is to paint N or E or S or W on every single road, every two meters.
 So I think that'll help. Okay. All right. I'll do one. Go for it. This one goes out to Molly
 McAnerney. Hello, Molly. This is one of my facts, actually, and it's that there are companies
 which lasso icebergs to stop them hitting oil rigs. It's like an iron number when you came up when
 you loved this fact. I'm so happy. And I found, because they're quite secretive, the firms that do it,
 because it's quite a, I don't know, specialist job or they have their own techniques for, it's mostly
 predicting where they're going to end up, the icebergs, you know, that's the secret bit. The actual
 lasso is just driving around it with a rope and then hauling it for a bit. But I found someone who
 worked one of these companies and had a chat with him and done. That's right. Yeah. It feels like for
 the greater good, we shouldn't be making secret where icebergs are going to end up. That should be
 public knowledge. For the really great of good, I think we should let them hit the oil rigs.
 And get all that oil into the ocean. No.
 Yes. It has to take on that. Let's end this shit show. Let's accelerate it.
 Well, that's very good. But that's one of my old-time fights. I'd love that one.
 Yeah, that was an early classic. And I remember I think it was one of the very first ones where we had
 contact with someone with a very obscure job. There was always exciting research moments where we
 could get in contact with people actually in the field doing it. James, do you want to read out
 this? This is your one. Yeah, I can do. In 1903, a man called W. Reginald Bray posted himself.
 And that fact has now been delivered to someone called. And I don't think this is the real name,
 but apologies if it is. Mr. Retro Graveyard. Yes. That's a name. Sorry, Mr. Graveyard. Can I call you
 Retro? Perhaps if that is your real name. But yeah, that's your fact. W. Reginald Bray posting himself.
 He was always doing that, wasn't he? The only memory I have, and it might not be connected to this
 specific guy, but someone posted themselves, I think, to Australia in a box that was put in an
 airplane. And it was successful. And so someone else tried to replicate it. And they were tightly packed
 in. And unfortunately, as they were packed in, the box went over and he spent the entire trip
 upside down in the box. And that's where the this way up stickers. I've just looked up W. Reginald Bray.
 He's also known as the autograph king and collected 15,000. Oh, yes. And Dan, very excitingly,
 was born in Forest Hill, London, which is about a five minute walk from where you used to live.
 He was born there in 1879. Just listen to this sentence. He lived there until 1938 when he moved to
 Croydon. He died on the 6th of June, 1939. A great advert for the Croydon way of life. I was hoping
 you would say he died when he was murdered in the local Crystal Palace maze. That was a very
 cool. All right, let's get another fact. And this goes out to Tristan Street. And your fact is
 that the world's oldest edible ham just celebrated its 112th birthday.
 Gorgeous. Now, it'll be much older now, the ham, because we did this years ago.
 Fair. It might have been decommissioned. Was this the one that was hanging out in the cover market?
 Which I had seen. I had seen as well, because I used to live in Oxford. In fact, the first time
 I ever joined QI was part of there was a QI building in Oxford. And James, you were trying to open
 your cannon and ball gelatiria. Don't know why that didn't work. We had a QI building there,
 and there was the covered market, and there's a shop in there, a butchers, and hanging in the
 window is supposedly the world's oldest ham. Yeah, and do you think it's no longer there? Do you?
 No, I think now the title has passed to Sir Ian McKellen.
 Yeah, but no, I fear it might not be there anymore. Right. I hope it is. Do you think someone might
 have eaten it? I don't think it was one of those ham's, which just if it was at a buffet, you'd definitely
 eat around it. Can you imagine seeing that in the possibility? Because it looks like a,
 it looks like a sort of a bit long buried limb that's been dug up. It really does, yeah.
 But I think like ham is, the ham doesn't really go off. It's like lion's male mushrooms in that respect.
 Oh, it looks like someone's posted saying it was on display a couple of years ago in the cover
 market. So maybe it lives. Okay. Maybe it lives. It feels like a school trip for us. Yeah,
 I'll definitely, we should start doing that. All right. Well, congratulations. Tristan,
 next fact, Andy, do you want to read this one out? Yes, this goes out to Sarah. You know who you are,
 and it's that orangutans like playing on iPads, but gorillas don't. This is an experiment that was done
 in 2013 and they gave orangutans iPads and they, they bloody loved it. And I think they started calling
 each other. And there was this rash of experiments when the iPad was quite new. It was more of an
 experiment on scientists with access to iPads than it was on these animals, basically. But I think they
 would, they would chat and they would put up on the screen, you know, a banana. So would you like a
 banana that it would tap the banana that they give them a banana? So this is quite a good
 racket, actually, because the iPad would have been fairly fresh around 2015 when we were doing this.
 If you were a scientist and you wanted all the latest tech for free, you would request it and say
 it's part of a gorilla experiment. And you would let the gorilla play on it for five minutes and
 then bring it home. I'd rather feel like after gorillas played with your iPad for five minutes,
 it might not be quite as usable as you hope. Yeah, you're right, James. Yeah. All right, let's get one
 more. James, do you want to read this one? Okay, this one is for Susie and your fact, it's an
 absolutely classic. I really love this fact. The 1888 encyclopedia Britannica entry for whales reads
 C England. And in that moment, Welsh nationalism was born afresh. I really hope, I really hope it's
 not Susie from Canaver. But yeah, the reason was that the article England was actually England and
 whales. I think it's because at the time, legally, legally, I'm saying, legally, not culturally,
 they might have been one territory. There's all that there was all this chat about the principality,
 that kind of thing. Whereas I think Scotland was differently established as a different nation,
 basically. Yeah, but why do you have the England and whales cricket team? Do you? They always call it
 England cricket team, but it's the England and Wales. I had never heard that. Yeah. And that's why
 they're so good. Well, most of them come from South Africa or New Zealand or whatever. But yeah,
 like that, they are officially known as that. Wait, you're not allowed to have Africans on the
 England grid team, are you? Well, Kevin Peterson was born in South Africa, one of our best ever players.
 The England cricket team over the last couple of years has been to Yorkshiremen, one
 like Castrian, and then people from sorted places around the world. Have they become citizens of the UK
 in order to do that? Yeah, you would have to be- Yeah, you have to be legally- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 But is that why we've been winning so hard all around the world, as I understand it?
 Well, and, fortunately, this is going out after the accident is just finished. But before that,
 yeah, good. Good. All right. Well, look, congrats, everyone. We really hope you enjoy your facts.
 If you want one yourself, do join Club Fish. Just go to patreon.com/nosuchthingasoffish.
 There are lots of tears there. There are lots of really fun things going on as part of the club.
 So join up today. And if you also want to have your facts read out on this episode, as I said before,
 podcast@QI.com. Send them in there. We love, love, love getting them. Anyway, we're going to be
 back on Friday with the proper main episode and then back again on Monday with another little fish.
 So we'll see you then. Good bye.
 [Music]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
