 Hey everyone, it's Alex here. You know, Alex Bell? No, you don't, because I'm never allowed on the podcast.
 Anyway, Dan James, Andy and Anna have all gone over Christmas, but I'm still stuck in the Kiwi office.
 They've told me to edit together a BEST of 2014 episode for no such thing as a fish,
 but screw them, I've decided to put together a WORST of 2014.
 So here's some of the most crude, inane and ludicrous nonsense they've come up with over the past year
 that they never wanted you to hear. Enjoy.
 We run it on QI a few years ago, which was, there's no such thing as a fish.
 You didn't know such thing as a fish.
 No, seriously, it's in the Oxford Dictionary of Underwater Life.
 It says it right there, first paragraph, no such thing as a fish.
 Hello, welcome to another episode, and no such thing as a fish, a weekly podcast coming to you
 from the KiI offices in Coffent Garden. Sorry, it's covered. I can't say it, Coffent, Coffent, Coffent.
 To be kind of health and safety, this is not quite related, but there's a guy called Hilleur
 Purgric, he's like an eco warrior, and he tried to live in a cave in Brighton, but then his cave got
 checked by the local fire brigade, and the council saw an injunction banning him from entering it,
 because it didn't have enough fire exits. Just had one exit. Just one big one.
 I think basically he's had like a running battle with the council, because they shut down his
 vegetable shop in 1999, but they shut it down even though he only had one customer, a pregnant woman
 who bought his sprouts. He all went to give birth and stopped craving sprouts. He's exactly the end of it.
 We were talking about how to become an astronaut, and it was an interview last year with Dwayne Ross,
 who was the manager of the astronaut selection office. And they asked him, this is Popsie,
 any entertaining interview moments come to mind. And he said, one of my favourers was we had this one
 person say when we asked him why he wanted to be an astronaut, well, my grandfather was an astronaut,
 my father was an astronaut, and now I want to be an astronaut. We knew that wasn't true,
 but we didn't mind a little lightheartedness in the interview.
 That's very sweet. That's quite funny. I think I would have employed him, however,
 under qualified he was. I don't think they look for funny though.
 I wouldn't that get annoying after a year of an incessant joke. It might change his bad puns,
 but yeah, it's totally, you can't escape. I don't even like him for half an hour.
 It's just a mere pun. That was amazing. I was planning on demand. It's like those people who
 can burp on demand. It's like a super power. It's like people who can burp on demand on the
 little bit more irritating. I think Gilbert of Gilbert and Sullivan once can have
 all done a lawsuit against a man with a barrel organ who was playing outside his house at all hours.
 I think you're right. I remember that happened, and I think they went to court and I think he lost.
 I think he got really irate and smashed up the barrel organ and then had to pay for a new one.
 He was working, wasn't he, and he kept hearing this music all the time and he couldn't do his job.
 You think that's what was inspiring him? Yeah, you'd think that he would be grave
 with a free music. Apparently not. I wish there was someone outside my flat shouting out facts all
 the time, but I could just write it out. That would be amazing. If anyone has any facts that Andy
 lives on 27. I read that they found not too long ago the oldest spider web ever.
 It was in East Sussex, I think. It was in Amber. I was trying to come up with a really good joke
 for that and I haven't done. Just giving up, dated. How the podcast's going for me.
 I was going to go say, "Hey, I'm casting like George Osborne's wallet or you know Ming Campbell's."
 I didn't know the circumstances under which George Harrison lost his virginity and I find
 it hard to believe, but it's straight from the horse's mouth. He lost his virginity to a horse.
 Not a horse, a prostitute. Oh, sorry, that's funny.
 George Harrison, did you say? Yeah, they were on tour in Hamburg, the four of them. He lost
 his virginity to a prostitute while he was in bunk beds in the same room as the other three Beatles.
 They stayed quiet throughout the whole thing, but then they cheered as soon as he was finished.
 Yeah, they used to live in a- They were residents- Yeah, lots of marine in here, lots of marine.
 No, they had a residency at this bar in Hamburg and so they had to live in the back in these bunk beds,
 so everything. They all- They didn't have to have sex with prostitutes in the back, though.
 No, but I mean, yeah, they did kind of there and nowhere else to go.
 And that's what I'm saying is. What I'm saying is that's just what they all did. They all did it.
 Mr. Shriver, can you tell us why you had sex with that prostitute in the back of Tesco?
 I had to do it. Yeah, the others had blocked up all the good spots in the Kiwis.
 Can I quickly talk about just running generally? I was thinking about in sports because I remember
 someone saying how much David Beckham runs per match, which is a lot. I didn't remember the exact
 amount, but then I thought, I wonder in other sports, I wonder which sport you run the most in
 outside of running. And it's quite surprising. Someone's done a list of what happens. So with basketball,
 there's quite a lot of running that goes. It's something like 2.4 kilometers or something per match
 that you end up running. Soccer is about 9 for the high end. It's roughly around 7. American football.
 What do you think it is for American football? Less. About 500 metres. Are you counting walking off
 an odd again? Are you counting walking off an odd again? Yeah, counting everything. It depends which
 player you are. The running backs would run a long way. That's a thing. It's really tiny. There's
 only average per match, 11 minutes of movement. Isn't that insane? How long is a match? Three hours.
 Three hours, and there's only 11 minutes worth of movement for the whole match. Yeah, but what in
 the number 11 hours? Couldn't they just do the 11 minutes and get it over with? No, it's much better
 than that. It's like cricket. It's nuanced, let's say. And tennis. Tennis, they run a lot. Yeah, they do.
 Yeah, but it's surprising, I guess, when you consider the length of the field in comparison to say
 like American football, you just think it's the higher end. It's just behind football. Do you have
 figures for the 400 metres? No. I should have... Sorry. That's all right. I have a question for you all,
 okay? Yeah, it's a question. In the last Olympics, you same bolt one, ran 100 metres in under 9.3 seconds,
 but he didn't get a world record. Why? Is this work outable? Yeah. Okay, and it was during an
 Olympic contest. It wasn't a practice or anything. Wasn't a full start. Nope. He had his shoelaces untied.
 Nope, although he did have one shoelace untied when he broke the world record. Was he disqualified
 for some reason for it? Nope. Was he just running for a bus? No, the answer is because it was part of
 his 200 metre race. The second half of his 200 metre race, he did it in nine years. He took away
 the recording cost. He had, you have a running start, don't you? Yeah. So whereas like a 100 metres,
 you have to get up to that speed and 200 metres, you're already at that speed. That's fantastic.
 Yeah, that's good. That's really good. Good fact. We probably won't use this, but I just want to
 just... It was just when I was looking into smells and space and the the farting thing came up. I
 discovered a video. It's a sort of audio extract from the 1972 Apollo 16 mission, which John Young
 is on the moon talking about farting, not knowing that his microphone is on. And he also swears.
 And it was a big deal because if you remember on a previous podcast, no such thing as a swearword
 on the moon, they've done so much work to make sure astronauts don't swear on the moon. And this guy
 just let one go as he was talking about farting. And I've got it here. Let one go as he was talking about
 letting one go. Exactly. Yeah, so there is a swearword on the moon. It was John Young while talking about
 farting. And he swore twice. God. What a piece of shit. So basically this fact is pretty much
 just an excuse to talk about Serenol Finds. Well, he was expelled from the S.A.S. He calls it that
 Castlecomb business, which is where he plotted to blow up bits of the set of Dr. Do Little.
 And it was being filmed in Wiltshire and he was plotting to blow it up with some flares and plastic
 explosive. And he got 500 quip for that. He got busted, though, because some local squirrels saw him
 doing it and reported it to Dr. Do Little. Yeah. Since we're on explorers, my new favourite explorer is
 Joseph Banks, who was the botanist on Cook's expeditions. But he's so great. So he was this really
 charming guy who always befriended the locals wherever he went. So they landed on Tahiti and within
 days he was picking up bits of the language and he was sleeping with them, sometimes actually
 copulating with them and sometimes just sleeping next to them. And on the first day they arrived in
 Tahiti, picture the most cliched, like if you're watching a cartoon of discovering Tahiti.
 And that's basically what happened. So they climbed ashore and they ended up on their first night
 dining deliciously on fish and bread fruit. Joseph Banks sitting next to a Tahitian queen.
 He spotted a really beautiful Tahitian lady at the opposite end of the dining
 area, beckoned to her. She came and sat on his other side. And they spent the whole evening
 eating delicious tropical fruits and hanging out with beautiful Tahitian, soon they all went and
 slept with over the next few days. It just sounds like the dream explorer. Yeah, it sounds like
 they made it up. Didn't cook end up being killed in Ethan. Yeah, he did. And it sounds like there's
 a lot of theories about why that happened and it sounds like it was a miscommunication.
 Am I making it up? Was it on the sandwich islands? Sandwich islands are now Hawaii aren't they?
 I think it might have been the sandwich islands. I think I've just conflated two different stories
 in my head. One thing you've made in the Earl of Sandwich with Captain Kirk. Yeah, it didn't
 the other sandwich. The meat, Captain Kirk. Between two slices of bread fruit.
 At the glorious Tahitian party, the thing that broke it up was that Tahitians didn't understand
 property so they kept on stealing cook stuff without quite realizing that it was stealing.
 And the party was broken up on the first night they were there because two of the guys from the
 expedition that had come on to land had a snuff box and their opera glasses pickpocketed.
 Now what were these people doing bringing opera glasses onto a newly discovered Tahitian island?
 Into the South Pacific. Oh, into the South Pacific. You claim you didn't like musical theatre.
 Can I just do something about haunted genitals? Yeah. There was a guy in the medical literature
 who had a haunted scrotum and he went to the doctor because he had an undecided right testicle.
 And when they did a scan on him, they saw his left testicle and they said the left side of his
 scrotum seemed to be occupied by a screaming ghost-like apparition. Were these doctors?
 Yeah. And in the in the report that I read it said, "But what of the undecended right testis?
 None was found. If you were a right testis, would you want to share the scrotum with that?"
 The idea is this ghost-like left testicle scared away the right testicle.
 I'm not sure they were being entirely serious about that reason.
 Yeah, this medical literature sounds very...
 Have we talked, haven't we, before, about the African somewhere in Africa? There was a panic recently
 where people believe that their testicles were disappearing, all that mean is that there's a lot of people.
 Yeah. People, this is a common cultural trope, yeah. And a bit of a South Asia.
 Yeah, we've all had Asia, it's a bit...
 Don't feel bad, it happens to everyone.
 I was trying to think of stuff that we think is on one date, but actually it's on another.
 Oh, yeah. Obviously there's American Independence Day, which I think John Adams, at the time,
 famously said, because Independence was voted for on the second of July.
 And John Adams famously wrote to his wife, didn't he? He's saying the second day of July,
 1776 will be the most memorable epoch in the history of America, and was entirely wrong.
 It was obviously the 4th of July, which was when it went through.
 But also I read about a 106-year-old woman who just discovered that she's been celebrating her birthday
 on the wrong day for more than a hundred years. It was the previous day. They just found her
 birth certificate, and we're, that's weird. So technically now she's only six years old.
 Yes. That's how it works. Yeah.
 Very, very quickly, because I think this is really cool. In 15th century Germany, speaking of vampires,
 there was a biting epidemic that broke out, and one none in a convent fell to biting her companions,
 and that spread throughout the convent, and then from one convent to the next, and it went from
 Germany up to Holland and as far as Rome, and convent throughout the land, none's were just biting
 each other. Wow. That's amazing. That's hysteria, I guess. Yeah, that's hysteria.
 The same thing happens with non-meowing around the same time. What was the how did the meowing stop?
 It was a soldier who came, and it said that he would hit them, unless they stopped meowing.
 He'd beat them with a pull. Did they work?
 Do you know in the book Dracula, how to kill a vampire?
 Stake through the heart. And got off the head?
 Yes, there's one other thing. Do you have sex with it, or is that just in modern adaptations?
 I don't remember reading that in my edition, but I did get the penguin classics.
 I was thinking of the the rays of sunlight. Oh yeah. So that never appeared in the original Dracula book.
 Oh, that's why I didn't know it. Yeah, it's exactly that. I just thought that that was the classic
 thing that everyone knew about it. That was in the movie, the very very first movie. And the reason
 it was put in the movie is because they didn't actually have the rights to use Dracula as an adaptation,
 so they created this other false ending to be able to say that this is a different vibe.
 I've got one last thing that I want to throw in before we move on, which is that there's been a
 study that's shown that male kangaroos can attract the opposite of sex. What's the opposite of sex?
 Oh, the opposite sex. What I normally end up having, mate.
 They aren't cool. Their genus is pongo, isn't it, which I quite like, the pongo genus. And I also
 love reading about gorillas when you're reading it, like the new scientists, because they put their
 scientific name after it. And obviously for gorilla, their scientific name is gorilla, gorilla,
 gorilla. So they just, they'll refer to a gorilla and then in brackets, it just sounds like
 they're chanting. Gorilla, gorilla, gorilla. I only think of pongo as being a name for extremely
 posh people. Yeah. I've never heard that as a name. Oh, wow. Well, this is the secret clubs. I'm a member
 of, you know, they tell you the secret names that really posh people have. I'm sure we think that
 we have nicknames for posh people, but actually those posh people have nicknames for people, posh people.
 nicknames for people, the people at the top are just calling the queen pongo. Speaking of myths and
 legends, who here is heard of the snow yeti of whales. Whales have their own yeti. Yeah, it's a
 really lovely story. This is the description of it by the locals. He has a repellent beast that
 has razor sharp teeth, a matted coat and eyes of flames. He has blue ear wax that trickles down his
 chin. He lives alone in an igloo at the top of Mount Snowden. And yeah, he, he beneath his heart of
 stone, he has someone who he cared about. So that's why he's angry. I don't know so many people who
 have climbed Mount Snowden. It's bizarre that none of them has ever mentioned it. Popped an igloo. Yeah.
 Maybe that's something I could go and look for. When we tell you all our facts for the week,
 so we can all look them up. Do you just type them plus yesi into google?
 Seduantly yes.
 Daniel, quite her shoes are like. Yeah, I can grow a beard quite well. Have you done it?
 Yeah, I have. It doesn't work. What do you mean?
 It just doesn't work on a function as it's supposed to be. Well, he was aiming to look like Brian
 Blessed. Yeah. Well, it's meant to suit your face, isn't it? It's meant to, you know, if you grow a bit,
 you know, whatever you have on your face, you want it to suit it. And it doesn't really suit it.
 I'm speaking of Brian Blessed. He told me that when he was in Tibet last, a lot of the encounters
 that a lot of the Tibetans and the stories that come out about the idea that there are these
 ginormous yetis, I'm going with the yetis for a second, it turns out that the majority of people or yetis
 that they thought they were seeing actually turned out to be Westerners because most explorers,
 when they go out into these icy cold regions, they don't shower from months on end, they
 can't shave or anything, their beards grow even thicker up there. I guess because of the climate,
 I don't know if there is an actual science behind that, but they just by the time they see anyone
 who's a local, they look like this weird-ass creature because they're wearing fur clothes, their faces,
 furry as hell. So the majority of Westerners who have been killed by locals is because they mistaken
 them for a Yeti or a brown bear. The majority of Westerners. Explorers who would go into these
 kind of uncharted territories. Really? This is so much more than Brian Blessed. Yeah, no, I believe.
 Brian, the most plausible fact I've heard about Yeti from you yet, but that's all right.
 When Thomas Moore was beheaded, he moved his beard out of the way and famously said,
 "My beard has not committed treason." Which? Those were his last words.
 My poor beard doesn't deserve this. Nor did his neck, though. Well, indeed, I think surely all your
 whole body has done it or none of it. Maybe the beard grew outpost treason. There are some cars
 that are too quiet. Some of the hybrid cars, the comics had to put artificial machines into the
 engines to make them loud so that people can hear them coming because people aren't ready yet for
 quiet cars. Also, the BMW M5 engine is so quiet that
 they've had to get the car to... The BMW M5 engine is so quiet that artificially plays car
 noises and engine noises inside the car on the stereo system so that people feel like they're
 driving a proper car with a rear end. Wow. In case they forget they're driving pretty much.
 They don't feel right because it's so quiet. It must be hard to know when a thing is on or off
 if the noise that you're used to hearing what it was happening. They say that the ATMs have that,
 don't they? I don't know if that's true even, but they say that if you get money out of an ATM it
 makes this worrying noise and they don't need to make that worrying noise, but they put that in so
 that you feel like it's actually doing something like it's counting your cash. Yeah, I don't know if
 that's true. I still love the ones when you ask for money. The fax noise still curved out.
 They're like in corner shops when they have the separate kind of you know, it'll charge you two
 pounds to take out. Yeah, you hear this dial up fax noise. And you're the only person you know
 is about that because you're the only person who uses cash machines that charge you. I do, but I
 always get out like 500 pounds because I think I want to get my money. It's weird psychologically,
 you have to justify that two pounds. It's true. It's like two pounds to 500 pounds. It's only like what,
 0.5% or something? 0.75%. Yeah, you're basically making money. I found something great thing about
 temperature and the sex of an alligator and some other reptiles like lizards and turtles is
 determined by how warm the nest is that they're laden. So for alligators, if the egg is kept in a
 nest at 30 degrees, it turns out female. And if it's 34 degrees, it turns out male. Really? How cool is that?
 That sounds like the kind of nonsense that Aristotle sort of amazed at. Yeah, I thought you were going to
 say my name. You have a new Aristotle. That nonsense. Because that feeling is true. Wow, because Aristotle
 thought that if we had a man had a warm right testicle at the time of sex and it would be a boy
 and vice versa, didn't he? No, that was bad. And that's why I continue to wear a hot water bottle
 around my right testicle. Strap time every time I'm trying for babies. Unfortunately, no one wants
 to have sex with me, so it could be the whole one of us. There was also the female Pope, wasn't there? No,
 did that never, she never existed? Oh, good because the stories were just so conflicting.
 What I read about. Is that it? Pope Jones, she, um, she died either by being mauled by an angry mob
 or of natural causes like that. That's a hell of an inquest. These wounds are consistent with one
 of two possible deaths. I have a question for you this week and it is about technology and it goes
 thus. In 1860, a new technology entered European life. Women who used it complained that it caused
 Was it a telephone? It was a telephone. Okay, come on, team. Let's hold this together. Okay,
 I have a question for you. It is about technology from the 19th century and it goes like this.
 In 1860, a new technology entered European life. Women who used it complained that it caused
 extreme genital excitement. What technology am I talking about? Tom Jones, Tom Jones, was it Tom Jones?
 I think he's a bit older than that. Oh, was it the, um, was it the saddle on a bicycle?
 Ah, that is about the right time. I like the saddle option because bicycles were strongly
 disapproved of for women because they were thought to be a turn on, wasn't they? Yes, yeah, yeah.
 Women should be a rouse. When you go over the cobbles. Yes. It's going to do it. Was it the
 portable bath which was also invented in 1860, 1861 I think, which is like a bath on wheels,
 but it was also like a four-posted bed so you had those curtains around it and then you could
 be pushed all about the house. I saw that in the last of the summer line. Really? People used to go
 around the streets with portable baths I think and then you could have one. I think that's true.
 Like a bath merchant. Yeah, yeah. I used to have papier-mache bath as well. Some people
 invented those. Isn't that an incredible, because it was really light and it was actually also not
 water proof. Well, papier-mache is waterproof, is it? That must have been so hard to locate people
 you're looking for like in your home at the time. It's like, where's Dad? He's in the back. Is that the
 kitchen or is it? No, it's that the street. I'm afraid none of you are right. It was the sewing
 machine and French women who worked in sewing machine places from Don until dusk would do it all day
 and then complain to their husbands at the end of the day that they'd had extreme genital
 assignments. Wow. I think they're using it wrong. George Elliott, her real name was Mary Anne Evans.
 Yeah, that's right. Right. I think the first thing she wrote under the name George Elliott was an essay
 called Silly Novels by Lady Novelists. Oh, that's great. And it was basically slacking off all the
 women writers of the time saying these women are shit. It sounds like she was trying to get people off
 the scents, doesn't it? A little bit. This person could never be a woman. They're so misogynistic.
 I don't know. The Bronties also, they all did writing under soon enough. They've been really weird names.
 Kura Bell, Ellis Bell and Axon Bell. None of which is actually a name. If you look at them. They
 did Ellis is a name. Ellis is. Oh, I suppose so. Yeah. Maybe they're red names that we don't have anymore.
 But that's not so much. More apart of London. Yeah. Yeah. I want to open a studio in Axon called
 Light's Camera Acton. Oh, that's a very good idea. But we can start a German club that gets
 things done. It's called Acton Acton. I'm going to be fun. I'm going to go have some acting classes.
 Acting classes. No, no, no. No, acting classes. Learning about acting.
 Acton was founded in 1834. Oh, you are. Someone said that's an act of class.
 There was a study done in 2005 of 100 academics, critics and writers. And they found that of the men,
 four out of every five said the last novel they read was by a man. Yeah. I think the last novel
 I read was by a woman. Was it? Well done, you, you're such a modern man.
 Well, it was by George Elliott. I actually thought it was a man. There was a thing that was done
 recently by the BBC History magazine, which was to find the most stylish, fashionable,
 Britain of all time. Did I play?
 Okay, I have one more thing, which is about it's not directly related, but I found it in the course
 of my researching, which is about appearance and sexuality. And it's a recent study shows that
 men who watched sexy videos or handled lingerie sort immediate gratification, even when they were
 making decisions about completely different things about money and or sweets or whatever.
 So they tested your sort of delayed gratification ability and it declines. But the way that the
 three things they tested men out for were looking at pictures of beautiful women, watching video clips
 of young women in bikinis running through a park or touching bras. Apparently, that's what men
 are like. If you just let them touch a bra, not attached to someone, just a bra that they're all
 self-control out of the window. Have you guys seen the sniper outfits for the Iranian army?
 No, yes. The whole point of snipers are not meant to see them. So I thought they'll only have an outfit.
 So they've given the game away? Well, it's a camouflage. Oh, it's not, like, very colourful. No,
 but they look like. So they basically dress up their snipers as giant compost tapes. They look exactly
 like that character, Chewbacca. You know, that's what's he called, that wiki. A wiki. They look like
 wiki. It's extraordinary. And you see them on parade and they're these huge green haystacks.
 And it's obviously meant so you can hide in a bush and then snipe your hair. But also you want to move
 your arms quite easily. If you're dressed up as a haystack. I think you could just sit there and watch
 phrases. And what point do you put that on? Like you wouldn't get on the tube and leave your nose kind of. No
 one will know I'm here. That haystack, the rides are district-like. Yeah. And maybe when you enter the bush.
 Also, there's enough bush around you. Why do you need to disguise yourself as a bush? If you're in a
 bush, that is your disguise. You're a bush within a bush within a bush. You are a whole bush.
 Yeah, the bush. Be the bush. Which is the motto of Josh W. Bush. That's a whole bush family motto.
 Yeah. Is that why you're on and so much beef with him? You stole their catchphrase. Yeah.
 Be the bush. Does that sound like a fun quiz show that we should make?
 Oh, sorry. That is why I like it. It's just a lot of bushes and you have to guess which one is a person.
 That's a really nice idea. Camouflage the TV series. You just, which of these is not a tree?
 It's very, very hard to find the TV series Camouflage and the listings.
 Guys, it's up with other names. We should be the radio time. We should just claim that we're
 a six series in. Yeah. You never won, see that yet.
 It's a unique successful TV show ever, which is exactly what we hope to do.
 We're in thrill with the results.
 We need to pick up that laugh where we're left off. We just, ha ha ha, no.
 Well, now you can see what they are at the podcast, so heavily. Dan, James, Andy,
 and Anna will be back again next week. I won't. Happy new year.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And this time, there's no escape.
 [Music]
 [Music]
 [Music]
 [Music]
 [Music]
