 Hi everybody, Andy here. Just before we start this week's show, we have two exciting announcements
 to make. The first is about who our special guest is this week. She is a brilliant Canadian
 writer, screenwriter, showrunner, now also a first time author. She is Monica Heisey
 and her debut novel, Really Good Actually is out within the last few weeks and it is
 unsurprisingly really good actually. It's all about the life and travails of a woman
 who has become a surprisingly young divorcee. It is extremely funny. It's kind of, you
 know, accidentally snort milk out of your nose funny. It's great. Highly recommended.
 So we hope you enjoy the show. Monica was great as you will hear shortly. The second
 announcement we have to make is that we are doing a live show of no such thing as a fish.
 Very exciting. We are going to be at the Hallowed British Library in London. They are having
 a season all about animals and as part of that, we are doing a show called Fantastic Beasts.
 It's going to be Dan, James, myself and a special guest to be announced. It's going
 to be on the 21st of April and if you don't live anywhere near the British Library, there
 is also going to be a streamed version of it. So just go to no such thing as a fish.com/live.
 You will see there the tickets are available for our British Library show. So check it
 out. Okay, that's it. That's all of the announcements on with the show.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of no such thing as a fish, a weekly podcast coming
 to you from four undisclosed locations in the UK. My name is Dan Schreiber. I am sitting
 here with James Harkin, Andrew Hunter Murray and Monica Heisei. And once again, we have
 gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts from the last seven days.
 And in a particular order here we go. Starting with fact number one, that is Monica.
 So my fact is that in ancient Hebrew times, men could get a divorce if their wife had
 been alone in a room with another man. And I was really interested in this fact because
 my divorce lawyer told me that this may still be true. I couldn't find anything backing
 up, but she basically said if he could prove that a man and a woman had been alone together
 in a room for more than an hour, it could be reasonably assumed legally that adultery
 had occurred. I think we should just say that we're not all in the same room at the
 moment. I think that's very important. No. I think people were a bit desperate because
 it used to be that you could only get divorced for five reasons, one of which was adultery.
 And so I think people just could stretch it a bit to prove you really just trying to get
 out. The history of what you needed to say or
 allege or agree that you had been doing to get divorced is absolutely mad. For a long
 time it was only adultery or adultery was the only substantial grounds and then they
 introduced other ones a bit later on. But there was one rule where if one of you had
 committed adultery, then your partner could divorce you. But if you both had, they might
 not be able to because legally the divorce was kind of an acknowledgement that one person
 had committed wrong with the other was being like an eye for an eye and a shag for a shag.
 Yeah. And if you'd both done it, then you weren't allowed to lie saying, "Oh, I've committed
 adulterally." Sorry, that's a Ned Flanders version of adultery. You weren't allowed to
 lie saying you'd committed adultery. That's perjury. So they made it very, very difficult.
 Well, that's religion for you. And also it was a very specific definition as well. Adultery
 legally is a married person having full sex with someone of the opposite gender. So if
 your husband had a gay affair and you were a woman, you couldn't sue him for divorce
 on grounds of adultery, but you could sue him for unreasonable behavior.
 No, really? Yeah. Wow. This thing in the Jewish law, this is from the Mishnah, which is the
 oldest written question of Jewish oral traditions. And the thing is that because if the woman
 had been in a room with another man, in theory, there can't be any other witnesses, right?
 Because it's basically one person's word against another person's word. And okay, you have
 the perjury thing. But what they would do is they would give you the ordeal of bitter
 water. And this was to tell if you were telling the truth or not. So they would give the woman
 some water with some dust in it. And it's not really clear what the dust is. It might
 be bits of barley, it might be bits of something else. And the idea is if the woman drinks it
 and the water is so bitter that she has to like spit it out. And then that proves that
 she was in the wrong.
 God, it's like witch trials.
 A little bit like that. It's a trial by ordeal though, we can't let it.
 I feel like I give myself this test every morning when I try for one sip of the water that's
 been out by my bedside table all night.
 I'll tell you, the worst divorce situation I read about in this research was to do with
 if you were divorcing the king of Thailand.
 The problem is that if you go to divorce the king of Thailand, you have to obviously accuse
 the king of Thailand of reasons for the divorce. Unfortunately, by law in Thailand, you were
 not allowed to accuse the king of anything. So when the current king's divorce case was
 going on, I think he was the crown prince at the time, he went to court and he made
 all these accusations against the wife. And the wife had to just say, "Yeah, he was fine.
 Couldn't say anything. Couldn't defend himself." Yeah. So he obviously won.
 I've got a fact about the king of Thailand. Do you remember the king and I, the play or
 Mee's Coldplay?
 Yeah.
 It's about someone called Anna Leonowens who went to work for the king of Thailand. And
 the real life Anna Leonowens was the great aunt of Boris Karloff who played, was it
 Frankenstein or?
 Yeah.
 Yeah. Yeah. It's just a fact.
 It's just two people you wouldn't expect to be related to each other, I reckon.
 Yes. Yeah. That's very true. Like Ben Elton and Luke Longley are brothers-in-law. That would
 mean nothing to no one except Australians. Yeah.
 I've never heard of Luke. Who's Luke Longley?
 One of the great Australian basketball players played with the Chicago Bulls in the Michael
 Jordan period. He's a legend.
 One of the great Australian basketball players. How big is this cohort?
 There's three of them. And one of them is related by marriage, but not blood to Ben Elton.
 Amazing.
 Gosh. Why didn't you pick that as your headline fact this week, Darren?
 I've been pitching it for nine years, you guys. Swatting it away every week. I found
 a modern divorce story, which I can't believe that this is true, but it was reported in a
 bunch of places. So this is to do with a Bosnian couple, Sana Klarek and her husband, Adnan.
 And Adnan had not been happy in the marriage, and he started looking around for love and
 he went online. And so he started chatting to someone online. He used a fake name just
 to make sure that no one could clock on to who he was. He met someone. He said, "I suddenly
 was in love again. It was beautiful. I thought I'd finally found someone who understands
 me and who's in a similar situation in a bad marriage like I am." So they decided to meet
 up. And they meet up and he sees a city in the spot where his online love should be.
 His wife, who has also gone online, created a pseudonym, looked for love. They found each
 other. And what's remarkable is that is how they found out that each of them were basically
 cheating on each other and divorced off the back of it, despite falling back in love with
 each other in this online scenario. They looked at it as negative.
 Reverse Pina Colada song.
 It's like a Richard Curtis film until the last sentence, isn't it?
 Yeah. Yeah. Super plot twist in the end there.
 There was a guy in New York. He was from New York anyway. And he divorced his wife in Dominican
 Republic and she didn't find out for 22 years. So he filled in the form and got her to sign
 something which she didn't know what she was signing. And he got an official divorce and
 then she only found out when she got a letter through about the house that they owned and
 her name wasn't on the deeds. And she sort of rang her lawyer and said, "What's going
 on?" And he said, "Well, it turns out you're not married and you haven't been for 22 years."
 But they can't have been living together.
 Yeah.
 What?
 He just didn't tell her that they weren't married anymore. And what she said in the case
 and I couldn't find out what in the end happened, but she said that she thought that he'd done
 it deliberately so that he would own everything. If he left her in the future, she wouldn't
 have any rights. That's what she said.
 But then he stayed with her for decades?
 Yeah. Because apparently, I mean, I can't really speak for him. But what she said is
 that the marriage was kind of happy, but he just did it as a kind of backup in case he
 needed it in the future.
 Oh my God.
 Oh no.
 That's about that, isn't it?
 I became really obsessed with unreasonable behavior as a category. So they changed the
 law in 2022 and now you could have a no fault divorce in the UK, which means that you don't
 have to identify a guilty parting. You can just both agree that you want to dissolve
 your marriage. But prior to that, you had to pick one of these five categories, kind
 of whether or not there was something going on. And unreasonable behavior is such a very
 capacious category. And I think 51% of women filing for divorce in this country, that was
 their grounds. They're only 36% of men. And a lot of it has to do with gaming. People
 were divorcing because either their husbands were gaming too often, but a lot of them like
 a non-negligible portion, or people who are having digital affairs.
 So you're basically meeting someone via, not by fortnight.
 Your Sims avatar is having sex with someone else's Sim.
 So what are the other limits to this, what was it called again?
 Unreasonable behavior.
 Unreasonable behavior.
 What are you worried about, Dan?
 Excessive Ben Elton memorabilia purchases from eBay. Is that, do I need to watch out?
 I do think it's a very bendy category. It basically is like a prolonged commitment to behavior
 that is a problem to the marriage. So that can include like actively building a life separate
 to your partner. If you're developing too many not shared interests, or you're really
 going hard on, I don't know, you have a new hobby and you're going away and pursuing rock
 climbing all the time, and your partner is no interested in whatsoever. Eventually, after
 a certain amount of rock climbing, I suppose it can become unreasonable.
 I think reckless spending counts as well. If you're spending loads of money on Ben Elton
 memorabilia, Dan.
 I'm done. Yeah. Did you guys ever hear of the Brighton Quickie?
 This is a divorce practice. And I've done a fair bit of reading about it. I can't quite
 work out how real it was. Basically, in 1923, the law was changed saying you could petition
 on adultery only. It was the only grounds for divorce. And that led to this thing where
 it's kind of like Monica's original fact about the being in a room together. You would
 go down, as the husband, you would agree to be the adulterer. You'd book a hotel room
 in Brighton because it's easy on the train from London. You spend the night there with
 a woman you don't know. You don't have sex or anything. But there's a hotel receipt saying
 you've booked a room for two the next morning. Maybe you're witnessed by the chambermaid.
 You could two pairs of shoes outside the door.
 Exactly. Exactly. And there's then a small body of evidence that you can use to get your
 divorce.
 And then Tim's link back.
 Yeah. You haven't even got to commit adultery, but you will be divorced in due course. But
 I just can't tell how much it actually happened if at all. It's in a few novels and it's
 written about at the time.
 But it's not.
 Also, how important is the chambermaid in this? Are all the rooms in this hotel packed
 with people going for a Brighton quickie? And she's got to sort of be...
 She's the witness.
 Yeah. She's the witness for like 40 things a day where she has to...
 Was that... Yeah. Then I saw the shoes outside that door. And then was it the pancakes?
 I took a tea and they were on top of the bed. There was a pillow on the floor. So that's
 suggestive.
 I read that in Delaware and Colorado, you can get your marriage annulled if you did
 it for a dare. But none of the other 48 states is that explicitly in the rules. Like probably
 you still could get an annullment if you said that but you would have to go into something
 else. But in those two states, it explicitly says it is illegal to get married on a dare.
 I mean, all marriages are kind of a dare.
 Oh, they're?
 Yeah.
 That's what a proposal is. It's a big dare.
 Yeah. I dare you to stay with me until one or both of us dies.
 I bet your wife is wishing she shows truth though.
 Yeah. Every day.
 I got a thing which is one of really classic Marvin Gaye albums, which was called Here,
 My Dear, was made within a divorce proceeding whereby Marvin Gaye didn't quite have the
 alimony that he needed to pay for his child. And so the agreement was the next album that
 you do, your wife, who you're now divorcing, is going to get half of the money, royalties
 and the upfront money from the album itself. And he decided, well, I don't want her making
 any money. So I'm going to do a quickie album basically. I'm just going to not really do
 anything good. It's going to come out and it's just going to be panned by the critics.
 No one's going to like it. And then suddenly he got fascinated by the notion of this album
 and ended up putting more heart and soul into this album, possibly than any of his other
 albums. He was really hands on. He wrote the lyrics. He never writes lyrics for his songs
 according to the stuff that I was reading. He never really was hands on with playing
 the piano. But in this album, he insisted on doing the lyrics, the piano. And it was
 panned at the time, but it's been, it's one of those albums that's been reviewed by everyone
 since, you know, the Rolling Stone has named it one of the best 500 albums ever made three
 times in lists that they released. And it constantly appears on these lists now, but
 it was a, it's a pure divorce album. Pretty cool.
 What's the story of the producers, the film the producers done? We've just done, you've
 given us a fact, which is the song Pina Colada, and now you've given us the film, the producers,
 but you've translated it to being about Marvin Gaye.
 No, no, no.
 We see you. We see what you do.
 They made it bad. He made this good during the process. The producers was bad.
 I wonder at what point he decided to start making it good. Like if he's like, I'm going
 to make it so bad. And then what day did he realize, oh, I'm actually very invested.
 I'm really trying quite hard now.
 Yeah. I don't know.
 I guess if you're an artist, it's going to be really hard to go. I'll just put out a
 shit album. Like that's, that must be a painful thing to do, to make a decision on.
 I don't know. Some of them managed, don't they? But I think like, I think if he didn't
 normally play piano and didn't normally write the lyrics, and then he started doing it,
 he must have not normally done it because he didn't think he was as good as the people
 who were doing it, right? Originally. And then when he started doing it, he's like, oh,
 this is pretty good.
 It's also a little bit self myth making. I tried to make an album which said I've made
 one of the 500 greatest of all time.
 Oh, that's just me.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two. And that is Andy.
 My fact is that the same fingers are responsible for the clicks in the Adams family theme,
 the bongos in the Mission Impossible theme, and the xylophone in the Simpsons theme. The
 same human fingers created three of the great artworks of the 20th century. I think it's
 unbelievable. I think it's so great.
 Would you say that you play the xylophone with your fingers?
 I was going to question that.
 Yeah.
 His name was Woodfingers Richards and he, he was incredible. You know what fingers Richards,
 when he clicked his fingers for the Adams family, he set himself on fire.
 Emil Richards, he was a hero of percussion. I should say where I got this. It was via
 a brilliant piece published each year by a guy called Tom Whitwell, which is a 52 things
 you learn each year. I think I may have mentioned him before, either one or two or three years
 ago, but anyway, it's a brilliant list. And this is one of the facts. I just couldn't
 believe it. And Emil Richards, it turns out, born 1932, died 2019 in between those two dates,
 at the most amazing musical career.
 Yeah.
 He played with Frank Sinatra. He toured with George Harrison. He was one of the most amazing
 session musicians ever. The list of people who played with this just,
 He played with Charlie Mingus, you know, he was proppered into the scene of jazz and blues
 and, and then, yeah, as you say, he went on tour and also played on three George Harrison
 albums. He was inducted into the Percussive Arts Society Hall of Fame in 1994. That's
 a very hard Hall of Fame to get into.
 Is it harder to get into than the Australian Basketball Hall of Fame?
 Yes.
 I imagine to get in, you have to do a special knock to get into the Percussive Art of Fame.
 But no, yeah, what an extraordinary guy.
 Yeah, it's amazing. Frank Zafer, Doris Day, The Beach Boys, The Bee Gees, Blondie, Ella
 Fitzgerald, Marvin Gaye. I don't know if it was on the, the album.
 Oh, imagine.
 What? I think, I think Marvin did all his finger clicks on that album.
 Right, okay. He was just incredible. I love this. His autobiography was called My Life
 Behind Bars.
 Oh, very nice.
 Oh, you may have come across this in the course of your research. Do you, can you guess what
 kind of animal he wanted to come back as in the next life?
 Oh, I didn't see that.
 I did not see that.
 Something, something percussive. So, uh...
 Woodpecker.
 Oh, such a good, such a good guess. I wish it was that.
 Imagine it's just totally unrelated.
 No, no, no. It is related to his percussionist life.
 Oh, it is.
 He had an octopus.
 Oh, so he can have more arms.
 Woodpecker is better, actually, yeah.
 Six of them are legs in an octopus.
 He had the world's largest collection of percussive instruments.
 Really?
 This guy, yeah, he had 700, over 770.
 I don't know if that's 771, maybe, but he, he had an angklung, a bulbul terang, a chimta,
 a flapamba, a jengu, a mvira, and a pak havaj.
 When I was looking him up, they said he's a, he plays the vibraphone and I went to look
 up what a vibraphone was and the first thing that just said not to be confused with the
 vibraphlap.
 And what is that?
 Always getting them fixed up.
 The vibraphlap is, have you ever seen that instrument? It's like a piece of wire bent
 into a U and there's a wooden ball on the end.
 It hits the box. So that's a vibraphlap and a vibraphone is more, looks like a xylophone.
 I don't know how you would confuse them.
 They don't look at all alike and they're both so obscure that I feel like it's very unlikely
 you'll be talking about one and not know what the other one is like either you're not talking
 about these at all or there's no risk of you confusing the two.
 So he did the Mission Impossible theme tune.
 The bong goes on that and I was looking into the Mission Impossible theme tune generally.
 So there's this fact, which is that the beat of the song was written to the Morse code
 of M and I.
 So can you give us the one it goes like for anyone who doesn't.
 Andy, you're a bigger fan.
 I always end up doing Bond by accident.
 Can you do it quickly?
 Do you mean the bit they go bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 So it's dash, dash, dot, dot is the thing for it.
 Great.
 But the guy who wrote it, Shifrin, he wrote that whole song he says in three minutes.
 Wow.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 You often hear that with a few musicians where they say I just banged that out and it just
 came to me as a fully formed piece and that happened and that happened with Mission Impossible.
 So that's quite cool.
 And the same with the James Bond theme.
 That wasn't written in a quick time, but if by a guy called Monty Norman and he actually,
 which is, I really like this, he was hired by the Bond people to come up specifically
 with this theme.
 And they took him out to Jamaica on a holiday and he met Connery out there and Ursula Andres.
 Because they were filming Dr. No.
 Yeah, they were filming Dr. No, the first one out there.
 And so he was brought to meet them all and get a vibe of it.
 And he ended up just using a previous tune that he had written for a completely different
 adaption that never got used.
 It was a stage production of VS Naples' novel, A House for Mr. Biswas.
 That's the original James Bond theme and it was played on Sitar.
 It's the other one that goes da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, oh, because I know the original
 lyrics about something like, I was born with an unfortunate sneeze and yes, that's it.
 My parents said that I was made the wrong way around.
 Oh my God.
 This is a bigger repurpose than Candle in the Wind.
 This is a big shift.
 So strange.
 And I think at the end of the song, he sneezes so much that he falls into a lay cuss of that
 tune.
 Oh, right.
 Wow.
 This guy, Monty Norman, he also wrote an autobiography.
 So Life Behind Bar is a very good title.
 Do you know, Andy, you look like you might know the title of his autobiography.
 No, I don't.
 Is it Musical and James Bond theme?
 No.
 Well, I'm not going to get it.
 It was called A Walking Stick Full of Bagels.
 Okay.
 You know that.
 Without knowing the context, that is not a good title for it.
 I think that must have been a classic phrase back in the day.
 You're like a walking stick full of bagels.
 And what does that mean?
 How would a stick be full of anything?
 There we go.
 Yeah.
 So many questions.
 I bet they were all answered in the unpublished autobiography and we are yet to find out.
 I think the best autobiography title I've ever heard was Tori Spelling's Autobiography,
 Storytelling by Tori Spelling.
 Genius.
 Really strong title.
 I've got it.
 I got it off that title.
 But that doesn't go down well in the divorce case.
 Tori Spelling's Autobiography.
 Have you guys heard of the village of Kong Thong in northeast India?
 No.
 This is a village where every child is given a theme tune.
 Oh, cool.
 So it's a little village.
 It's really cut off from the rest of India.
 I don't think you can get that by car.
 I think you can get that by boat.
 It's in the middle of a jungle and people would forage for broom grass, which they would
 sell on.
 And so a lot of the time you would spend in the jungle sort of walking around probably
 alone.
 And the thing is in the jungle is quite hard to hear people for long distances because
 it all gets soaked in by the trees.
 And so they came up with this different way of telling people you're around by having
 a different tune that you would whistle or you would shout or whatever.
 And so when you're born, you get your theme tune and then for the rest of your life, whenever
 you're in the jungle, people will make this little doodoo doodoo doodoo.
 You'd be like, oh, that's me.
 That was the Simpsons.
 So cool.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I think lawyers will be in touch with that kid.
 He was from the Simpson family of Kong Thong.
 That is so cool, isn't it?
 That's awesome.
 Unfortunately, it's kind of dying out because people now will connect with each other using
 mobile phones so they don't need these theme tunes so much.
 Yes, again, the internet's ruined it all.
 I'm having a quick think about songs that use the old Panda Rooze as a kind of iconic
 bit of it.
 And obviously, if you're thinking theme tunes, the Friends theme tune, I'll be there for
 you by the Rem Brands.
 There's like a clapping bit, right?
 Yeah.
 So it's four claps.
 Apparently, there's a bit of controversy because Courtney Cox did five claps on a TV
 show once and it sent the writers of the song mad.
 But the song, I'll be there for you, it was actually a song composed specifically for
 the TV show and the Rem Brands had very minimal input into the writing itself.
 It was the actual creators of Friends who wrote the song and it proved to be such an
 iconic theme tune that everyone was begging for it to be released in the...
 Yeah, I bought it in the chance when it came out.
 So what that was was they had to go into a studio and write a whole song because there
 wasn't a whole song.
 It was only the theme tune bit of the song.
 They needed two more verses to be added in.
 Oh, really?
 Yeah.
 So it was a backwards constructed full song that ended up coming out.
 That's so interesting.
 So it was 40 seconds long.
 There was like a time in the 90s when all the theme tunes used to come out and you could
 buy them for the charts like the exfiles did around that time as well.
 And they all did quite well in the charts just because people thought, oh, I like that
 song.
 Yeah.
 I love...
 I mean, the exfiles is my favorite theme tune of all time.
 And it turns out, so the guy who composed that's called...
 Mark Snow?
 Yeah, Mark Snow.
 And David DeColvany claims, I think this is tongue in cheek.
 I mean, it completely is tongue in cheek, but he says there were lyrics to the exfiles
 theme tune by Mark Snow and these are the lyrics.
 The exfiles is a show, show, show, show, show, with music by Mark Snow, snow, snow, snow.
 Those are the only two lyrics that we know of according to DeColvany.
 Do you guys know what composers of TV theme tunes hate?
 I guess.
 Oh, when on TV shows, when the continuity announcer goes next up on BBC Three.
 That's a really good point.
 I'm specifically talking about the skip intro button, which is very controversial.
 They get furious, those guys and gals, about the skip intro because Netflix found out that
 users were frequently fast forwarding a bit because, you know, if you're watching three
 episodes in a night, you don't want to see the theme tune three times.
 So Netflix claims, I can't quite believe this, skip intro is pressed 136 million times a
 day, which cumulatively saves 130 years of human time.
 We never, especially the shows where they've put some proper effort into the, into the
 intros.
 I think you lose quite a lot from not having those intros.
 Can you imagine watching Game of Thrones and not having that amazing theme tune with
 all the stuff happening and then just going straight into the shaggy nuts?
 Yeah, exactly.
 Yeah.
 It really sets the vibe.
 I think grooving to the soprano's theme is like maybe 30% of what I like about watching
 the show.
 Obviously the rest of the other 70% is that it's groundbreaking, beautiful human drama.
 But the theme tune is also up there.
 It's a bop.
 I agree.
 We stand up in our house.
 We stand in silence for every theme tune.
 It's a huge respect in this household.
 Monica, aren't you show running on a show at the moment?
 I just finished show running on a show.
 Are you going to get to pick the theme tune?
 I think we're going to have like proper opening titles.
 So we're going to have to do a whole, you're going to have to figure out a whole thing.
 Yeah.
 I've really been shown my own limitations in this area because my description is like,
 I want it to sound cool.
 No, out of their fiend back home.
 Well, I got, I got some advice for you, Monica.
 If you're working with the sound person, do a, do a secret thing here, which is do actually
 write lyrics to whatever the theme tune is, but don't put them out because you could then
 claim 50% royalties on the song.
 This is what Jean Roddenberry did with Star Trek.
 He wrote lyrics for the Star Trek song.
 They never use them.
 And anytime a royalty check came in, he was a co-writer of the song.
 So he got 50% of everything.
 And the song suicide is painless.
 The mash theme tune.
 It was used in the Robert Altman movie commissioned specifically for that movie by Robert Altman.
 And he tried to write the lyrics for it, couldn't crack it.
 And so he asked his son, Michael, who was 15 years old at the time, to write the lyrics.
 So Michael did that.
 And as a result of that song not only being used in the movie, but then the long running
 TV show with Alan Alder, he says, Altman says that he made $70,000 for directing that
 movie.
 And his son has earned more than a million dollars over the years just from that being
 sold.
 Those lyrics are good though, aren't they, for suicide is painless.
 But G. Roddenberry, is he not just stealing half of the credit?
 Yeah.
 It feels like it.
 It feels like the workers and the musicians who have done all this work and he's just
 like, well, I'll pretend that I've written some lyrics and take half the money.
 It's quite cheeky.
 It's very cheeky.
 Hey, that's the business we're in, guys.
 And Monica.
 Is it?
 Oh.
 That's Hollywood, baby.
 Gosh.
 Business is business.
 Just quickly, Ed Sheeran has written the theme tune to James Bond, despite no one having
 requested that he do that, which I think is quite sweet.
 I think that's a very Ed Sheeran thing to do.
 But that's, isn't that, I would say that when a new Bond comes out, people submit songs.
 That's how that's always worked.
 No, it's not.
 You don't send in.
 There are so many songs that are out that are rejected Bond songs by bands that submitted
 a song that didn't get used, which they then use.
 Is there a process?
 Is there an open process by which, I mean, could we submit one?
 Yeah.
 That's what I was thinking.
 Did they accept anything?
 They've...
 That can't be true.
 I thought that they would commission a cool art.
 It can't be like a bake-off.
 The last film, they asked Billie Eilish to do...
 Yeah.
 No, she just got lucky.
 She just happens to have the best what they said in a million.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 Exactly.
 And hers just happens to be the best one.
 And they listen to them blind as well.
 Yeah.
 They don't, you know, they don't prejudice themselves.
 It's like the voice.
 It's like the voice.
 It could be anyone.
 But I can't be true, Dan.
 It can't be true.
 Because they always pick the trendiest person in the world at the time, don't they?
 No, I mean...
 And Ed Sheeran has consistently been the second trendiest person in the world.
 She just keeps missing it.
 The reason I say it is I know that Radiohead had a rejected Bond song.
 So I'm trying to work back from there.
 And I'm pretty sure Johnny Cash had one as well.
 And I think this is a thing.
 Yeah.
 But I can't say for sure.
 Wow.
 Maybe they asked people to tender for it, rather than anyone being able to send stuff in.
 Oh, yeah.
 I think they sent...
 I think they asked, like, a group of people.
 I don't think it is open.
 Right.
 Yeah.
 It's not quite as open as that.
 Open season.
 Because you'd see...
 There'd be a thing every three years, wouldn't there?
 Yeah, exactly.
 Have you guys heard of Dusan Sestic?
 He's a composer of the Bosnian National Anthem.
 We spoke about Bosnia earlier.
 He entered the competition to do the Bosnian National Anthem.
 He did really want to win.
 He just wanted to get, like, second or third place.
 There was money for it.
 He, like, was quite into the old Yugoslavia.
 He didn't really care about the new Bosnia.
 But he thought, "I'll get some money out of it because I'm a decent composer."
 Anyway, he won and he wrote the National Anthem for Bosnia.
 And then, in 2009, someone noticed that it was remarkably similar to the theme tune of
 National Lampoon's Animal House, the 1978 movie.
 Right.
 And when you listen to the both, they are almost identical.
 Like, there is no difference whatsoever.
 But, bless him, he went on TV and they were all like, "Well, how come you made our National
 Lampoon the theme tune?"
 She said, "That's the Lampoon's Animal House."
 And he said, "Oh, maybe as a young man, I heard it and it kind of stuck in my head.
 But I didn't deliberately plagiarise it.
 It just so happened."
 That is brilliant.
 Yeah.
 This is the problem with big national policies being decided by right-in contest.
 This is why Canadian legal tender is called the Looney and the Tooney.
 Oh, what?
 The $1 coin has a loon on it, so it's called the Looney.
 And then they had a contest to name the $2 coin, which has a polar bear on it.
 And the winning entry was the Tooney.
 And now that is actually what we call it.
 And it just makes us sound like a joke country.
 Without knowing the other options, Monica, I do think Tooney's quite good.
 I think there's a bit of Bodie McBoatface to it.
 Yeah, yeah.
 We can't speak.
 Haven't they also...
 The Looney and the Tooney.
 Yeah, it works.
 Haven't they recently, just while we're talking about money and having mentioned Star Trek,
 there was the thing where you would spockify your Canadian dollar, right?
 The guy who was on the picture looks so similar to Leonardo Nimoy from Star Trek that you
 would draw spockiers on him and you would draw the hair, basically.
 Yes, it was called spocking.
 Spocking.
 And the Bank of Canada had to issue a statement saying that it was legal to do but inappropriate.
 And I think they've, from what I read, they've changed his image now on the bill.
 Is that right?
 There's a new version of the same guy just so it's less spockable.
 Yeah.
 I think if you draw that spock on any note, then Chee Roddenberry owns half your money.
 Yeah, and then a spock, that was spockspersonic for another agency in Canada, an angel agency
 said to the Bank of Canada, "This is fine as you say it's perfectly legal and I'm sure
 Sir Wilfrid Laurier would get it.
 Who's the man pictured off the bill who died in 1919."
 I've just got one more theme tune I quickly want to bring up, which is The Fresh Prince
 of Bel Air.
 So we all know that theme tune.
 It's a Kraken song by Will Smith and it was a song that he wrote despite not being necessarily
 asked to write it at the time.
 He kind of just did it and he showed it to, I believe it was Quincy Jones who was doing
 the music for the show and they said, "Yeah, you can go and do it."
 Obviously it's a massive hit and when it was released in 1992 as a single, but here's
 the thing, I don't know if James, you bought singles as you were saying back in the day.
 In 1992, The Fresh Prince of Bel Air theme tune was only released exclusively in the Netherlands
 and Spain and that's where it charted.
 That's it.
 That's really, because when you said that, I thought to myself, how come I didn't buy
 that?
 Like I was so sure that I would, if I was around at the time I would have bought it because
 I bought Wicky Wicky Wild Wild West or whatever it was by Will Smith.
 Great song.
 Yeah, I bought all his other crap, so I was really surprised.
 James, did you buy Willenium?
 That was a great album.
 Oh, an album.
 No, I was more of a singles buyer really.
 It's not a good album then.
 I'm sorry, I think enough time has passed that I'm able to have a pop at Willenium.
 What's the name of that album out of your dash?
 Okay, it is time for fact number three and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that in 2024, the first ever theater production of Dracula will celebrate
 its hundredth anniversary.
 Unfortunately, fans can't celebrate it in the venue it was performed in because it's
 currently occupied by an over 18s adult themed crazy golf course called the House of Holes.
 Filthy.
 This is in Darby, a city in the UK and I was there recently on the weekend for a game of
 bitty golf.
 How was your quick round?
 I was there doing a ghost story festival and afterwards I was hanging out with this really
 cool guy called Chris Horton and he said I've got a fish fact for you.
 And he told me he'd passed the House of Holes and made him laugh and so yeah, so it is a
 very well known theater as well as called the Grand Theater.
 Then it just got repurposed over the years to be something new and there was restaurants
 in its place and so on and now there is this amazing crazy golf.
 The House of Holes.
 Yeah.
 Can I just, I'm sure we'll talk more about crazy or can I talk specifically about the
 House of Holes and Darby.
 Yeah, sure.
 I don't mean to cast any experts on it.
 I don't think it's terribly erotic.
 It doesn't seem to be from the website.
 Oh, really?
 It seems like a lot of it just seems to be novelty.
 Because I think that people at home, some people at home will have an image in their
 heads of what it is.
 Yeah.
 But let's sort of give context then through images.
 One of the holes, you have to hit the ball through a bunch of standing dildos for example.
 Yes, I'm not saying it's totally erotic.
 There's another one where for some reason there's a lot of blow-up dolls that are uninflated
 hanging on washing lines, just hanging in the vicinity of the hole itself.
 Yeah, the area where you play pool, because you know these places, indoor places have
 like, you can play arcades and stuff.
 The area where you play pool is called anal butt.
 What?
 Yeah, and anal has a four instead of the second A in anal, so AN4L butt.
 Well, it's not got to do with pool.
 What does that mean?
 Not quite sure.
 I couldn't get to the bottom of that one.
 But it's there.
 Surely the phrase anal and butt are sort of achieving the same, feeling a little redundant
 to me personally.
 It's definitely a redundant adjective, isn't it?
 How's your butt, well, it's very anal.
 But I don't know what's in the water in Derby, but there was a newspaper piece a couple of
 months ago.
 Derby is now about to get its second erotic mini golf venue.
 It's really popular.
 The new glory holes golf venue will apparently include risque items and decor and some Derby
 themed holes as well.
 So that's nice.
 That's cool.
 That's good.
 Can I quickly, just because let's give this fact just a tiny bit of substance before we
 get into erotic golf, I just want to quickly say that the production just for context was
 the first ever Dracula production and it was put on in the early 1920s and it was a show
 that was sanctioned and approved by Florence Stoker, who was the widow of Bram Stoker.
 And this was the production that became the sort of official theater production that as
 it traveled around the UK and then went international, cast in its lead, Bella Lagosi, who became,
 as we all know, the iconic Dracula in film.
 And weirdly, the final performance that Bella Lagosi ever did as Dracula on stage was back
 in Derby at another theater just around the corner from the ground some 20-odd years later.
 So Derby does have a real Dracula connection as a result of this, very interesting.
 And Lagosi, so he got the role in 1927 when the play moved to the USA.
 That's when Lagosi entered the scene.
 And then in the fifties, it was when he toured again and came back to Derby and did a big
 English tour of this show.
 And he got really upset because apparently the audiences were laughing sometimes because
 Dracula was no longer the big scary thing.
 It had been, it was the early fifties, you know, people have been through a bit since
 the time t's.
 They, they're not as scared and yeah, it seems to have prompted the end of his career, which
 is very sad.
 And it was also this play was also very important for the image of Dracula, the guy who wrote
 it, a guy called Hamilton Dean.
 He made Dracula appear as that more modern suave sort of coat wearing cocktail drinking
 kind of character rather than Brams just all out vampire chaos energy zombie like sir.
 Does it, he drink cocktails?
 Does he?
 Is it passion fruit martini?
 Sorry, he does.
 There was actually one earlier theater production of Dracula, which came out eight days before
 the novel came out.
 This was if you did a novel, someone else could make a play of it and there's not much
 you can do about it unless you put on your own play.
 And so what Bram Stoker did was he had a dramatic reading of his book on stage.
 They had to have it open for the paying public.
 So they would put bills up half an hour before it started saying Dracula on in half an hour
 add two people bought tickets for it and sat in the audience while a couple of actors sort
 of just read through the book.
 And from them doing that, it meant that no one else could play on because he owed copyright
 on the theater production.
 How amazing.
 Yeah.
 Monica, have you done that with really good actually?
 I should do to stop someone doing a bootleg play.
 That's basically what my experience of doing the Edinburgh fringe was going out half an
 hour before the show being like somebody and then you know, mildly entertaining two people.
 Chills, actual chills remembering that everyone's Edinburgh.
 Yeah.
 Okay, Dan.
 We've done the Dracula thing.
 Can we go back to the erotic?
 Mini golf.
 Let's do it.
 I just remembered when you were talking about that that I have played not played golf, but
 I've used a golf club shaped like a penis at the penis museum in Reykjavik.
 They have one and you can sort of pick it up and play with it.
 And yeah, it's like it's just the head part of the golf club is shaped like a penis.
 But it's not it's not for a serious golfer, right?
 As in it's not built for proper play, you know, master's conditions.
 I don't think it adheres to the official USPGA rules.
 It's like a walking stick full of bagels.
 You're not going to use it as an actual assist as a walking stick.
 I think there's a link between the original boom in crazy golf and the current Derby based
 boom in erotic golf.
 Okay.
 So when was the original boom?
 Twenties and thirties.
 Some some lots of sources say that it completely went out when the Great Depression happened.
 But actually, it didn't really it actually boomed during the early thirties.
 During that period, apparently the USA built 25,000 mini golf courses.
 It was described as a devastating craze in the times in 1930.
 And I think the theory behind it is that property value had collapsed and the value of lots
 of things have collapsed and people started their own tiny businesses to generate small
 amounts of income.
 You know, it doesn't have to be anything huge, but it's it's a small local thing on
 whatever kind of waste ground or land you've got.
 You know, some restaurants turned it half the restaurant became a mini golf course and
 the rest of it stayed a restaurant.
 So maybe times of financial hardship when you get a lot more mini golf because you get
 shops that are closed or empty.
 So the new glory hole golf is the site of the old gap store in Derby.
 You know, you've got retail space available.
 What is a glory hole?
 I've got a gap.
 So no, that's my economic theory.
 No, it's a really, yeah, it's a really good theory.
 It's almost a thesis rather than a podcast, isn't it?
 Mini golf doesn't use golf balls.
 Yes, they do.
 There are there are special mini golf balls.
 They're kind of more rubbery.
 They're more rubbery.
 They bounce more.
 And there's a stand that I find this mad.
 There's the world crazy golf championships.
 I mean, there are a few world crazy golf championships.
 One is in Hastings and normally apparently they only get about three overseas players
 each year.
 So the extent to which this world is a bit debatable, but they don't tell you at the
 world crazy golf championships what the ball is until the day before it starts.
 Okay, but it's always going to be spherical.
 It's always going to be spherical.
 I'm pretty sure about that.
 But then other championships, they will they'll let you play a different ball on every hole.
 And the only rule is that once you've started a hole, you have to play the same ball all
 the way through the end.
 Like normal golf.
 Is that true?
 How about local?
 Or mini golf?
 Like we play in Narrabean in Australia.
 They're using special balls.
 I think they'll be more rubbery for sure if you check them.
 Yeah.
 Who would have thought this would be the fact that blew my mind most in this whole round
 of nine years golf again.
 I'm going.
 This is I'm afraid it's back to the it's back to a tangent from the original erotic
 mini golf thing.
 Oh yeah.
 Just that it was on, you know, this new place opening up is going to be called glory holes
 golf.
 And we got an email in the fish and box recently subject line Gibbon glory hole action.
 Oh my God.
 I know this story.
 This is incredible.
 This is a Gibbon in a zoo or a sanctuary.
 This is a female Gibbon and she was living on her own and she got pregnant and it
 was it was basically a virgin birth and it was it was so exciting for the scientists.
 They thought I can't believe this.
 Anyway, they did a bit of an investigation and it turned out obviously it was not a virgin
 birth.
 In between her enclosure and the next door neighbor male Gibbons enclosure was a nine
 millimeter hole through which they had managed to successfully breed and become parents.
 Nine.
 They were just sort of both mushing up against the wall.
 I'm afraid so.
 Life finds a way.
 Yes.
 Wow.
 That's a scene I don't want to see in Jurassic Park.
 I would like to hear David Attenborough do one of his little jokes.
 You know when he sort of makes the animals a fool or he's like our nest is as good a
 place as any.
 Okay, it's time for our final fact of the show and that is James.
 Okay, my fact this week is that in twenty nine and eight to the Canadian Prime Minister
 called ten Downing Street to offer condolences for the death of Margaret Thatcher.
 In fact, she wasn't dead.
 It was a misunderstanding due to the death of the Canadian Transport Minister's cat
 who was also called Thatcher.
 Superb.
 Yeah.
 Really good.
 What a cool.
 What a cool.
 Flying the wall at that cool.
 Yeah.
 A muggy, not a Maggie.
 Oh, brilliant.
 Brilliant.
 Was that you Dan?
 Someone else?
 No, no, no.
 That's the headline of the Guardian article.
 That's wrong.
 Amazing.
 It was a black tie dinner in Toronto.
 Two thousand Canadian Conservatives were there and many of them got a text message saying
 simply Thatcher has died and Demetri Seedas, who was the aide to the Prime Minister, who
 was Stephen Harper at the time, he was sent to ride a letter of condolence and he ran
 Buckingham Palace in Ten Downing Street to kind of work out what they should say and
 you know, and offer condolences as well and then he found out that they hadn't died and
 it turned out that Transport Minister John Baird had a 16 year old grey cat called Thatcher
 and sadly that cat had died but he denied sending the text later on but there definitely
 was a text that was sent to all these people about the cat.
 This is like international incident version of David's dead on Big Brezwick.
 Yes.
 That's the greatest TV moment ever.
 There was a famous David who died.
 David Bowie.
 Yeah.
 Did someone in the building know who, I don't know why I'm telling this story, everyone
 knows it better than me apparently.
 Monica, you can tell it.
 No, no, no.
 Please, you tell it.
 I've actually only seen the clip.
 Okay, so in the Big Brother household that year was Angie Bowie, the first wife of David
 Bowie and also in the house that year was David Guest, who was Liza Minnelli's ex-husband.
 Right.
 Angie gets called in while David Guest is having a sleep in his bed.
 Everyone knows he's having a sleep so he's not around and she gets told that David Bowie
 has died, so she is obviously, she didn't like her ex-husband, but she's also very distressed
 because he was a huge part of her life.
 She comes out, she's trying to keep it secret, and one of the other Americans who's staying
 in the house comes up and says, "Are you okay?"
 And she says, "You can't tell anyone, but David's dead."
 And this other woman immediately freaks out because she thinks it's David Guest who's
 died, but Angie hasn't made the connection.
 So Angie's kind of going, "God, I didn't think you were that big a Bowie fan.
 I can't see how this has erupted, and it causes chaos in the house for five minutes.
 It's TV at its finest."
 Well, imagine that, but with 2,000 Canadian conservatives.
 Yeah.
 What a scene it must have been.
 The true patriot love tribute dinner.
 Oh, is that what it was?
 That's what it was called.
 Military family's honoring thing, but Canadian politics moniker is fabulous.
 Who's doing it?
 Well, I feel like there is, I feel like there is a list of political scandals in Canada
 on Wikipedia and some of them are pretty dry, like the usual grift or bribery or slightly
 dodgy dealings.
 But there are some fun ones.
 Tunergate might be my favorite.
 Tunergate.
 Were you involved in Tunergate, Monica?
 Not to my knowledge, but I'll never admit it if so.
 You'll never catch me.
 Sorry.
 Tunergate, actually think about it now, Tunergate is way too long ago.
 You're clear.
 You're clear.
 You're clear.
 I'm a Canadian cans of decomposing tuna.
 Oh, that was the central problem, right?
 And it wasn't really, really, really unsafe, but it had started to go off before it was
 put in the cans.
 The firm involved was called Starkis and they said, "No, you just, these inspectors, they
 just don't like fish.
 That's their problem."
 And they said, "And we'll close down our plant and you'll lose all these jobs."
 And you know, and that's when it becomes a political thing.
 Because then the fisheries minister said, "Oh, yeah, it's probably, it's fine.
 Yeah, all this stuff, it's great.
 It's actually good."
 And he got a panel together, just like, "Look, can you just assess this tuna, please?"
 And they said, "Yeah, this is rotting tuna in these cans."
 And he says, "Okay, I think we need a different panel."
 And he got a different panel together who eventually said, "Yes, these million tons
 of rotting tuna are fine."
 And then he resigned.
 Yeah.
 And I don't think much of the tuna was eaten in the end.
 And then the firm went bust anyway.
 So that's a very classic Canadian scandal where it's like, it threatened to really kick off
 and ultimately they just, nobody really consumed the tuna and it was sort of fine.
 That's like the other great Canadian political scandal, the Fuddleduddle incident.
 What's this?
 The Fuddleduddle incident in 1971 happened to the first Prime Minister Trudeau, our current
 Prime Minister's father, who was accused of having spoken or at least mouthed unparliamentary
 language in the House of Commons.
 He seemed to have been caught mouthing the words "fuck off."
 But when pressed by television reporters would only admit having moved his lips, they were
 like, "What were you thinking when you moved your lips?"
 And his response was, "What is the nature of your thoughts when you say Fuddleduddle
 or something like that?"
 Implying that he had said Fuddleduddle instead of "fuck off."
 Right.
 That's good.
 If no one's heard you, you know, you're across the room from them.
 Well, then in 2015, his son actually stated on the record that his dad had not said Fuddleduddle.
 And this is a big scandal.
 Minor scandal.
 But that's sort of the scale.
 It's like someone, that's always the scale, it's always a little bit funny, like someone
 threw a pie in Jean Chrtien's face in the '90s and that was quite a big deal.
 The pies were actually coordinated ongoing assault with Fuddleduddle, entartiste, sewer
 Canadian satirical political group.
 And they even released a hit list of people they wanted to get with pies, including Celine
 Dion and Conrad Black and Chrtien.
 And then they were successful in pieing Chrtien twice.
 Right.
 Oh, that's got to stink.
 The pies, were they the kind of clown pies where it's just custard or is it actual like
 apple pies?
 Cream pies.
 Like, oh, it's just cream pies.
 It may even have been shaving cream or just like what you guys would unfortunately call
 squirty cream.
 Squirty cream.
 It's not a nice thing to say and I'm sorry to say it.
 Speaking of shaving cream, I can't believe we managed to get onto shaving cream.
 William Lyon Mackenzie King, who was Prime Minister of Canada for 22 years.
 My favourite.
 Well, I'm not surprised because he did seances and stuff right then.
 But he also used to see symbols in his shaving cream in the morning, which he thought would
 predict the future.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 I mean, he was he was Prime Minister for 21 years, which possibly is still the record
 length or anyone to do it.
 He had quite a tragic family life.
 He lost all of his family during the war.
 And so as a result, turned like many people did to spirituality as a thing.
 But what many people didn't realise at the time was he was taking that spirituality into
 the into the office with him as a Prime Minister and getting guidance from the spirits of Leonardo
 Da Vinci and his deceased dogs.
 The shaving film thing, he was shaved and then the shaving film would go into the water
 on the in the sink kind of thing.
 And at one stage, he saw a polar bear and an eagle and the polar bear was supposed to
 represent like Russia or Soviet Union, I should say, and the eagle supposed to represent
 America.
 And they were kind of fighting in shaving cream.
 And then a dog appeared in the shaving cream, which he thought symbolised Canada, and then
 it came and helped to push the bear off the eagle.
 And that was kind of him thinking that he what side he needs to be in the Cold War needs
 to be on the other side.
 As if he didn't know what side he should probably be on in the Cold War.
 I think that probably just confirmed his suspicions.
 I do feel like a polar bear would be fairly easy to see in shaving cream.
 Like I'm wondering if the shapes he was seeing were sort of like, you know, I saw a vision
 in my shaving cream of a cloud meeting sort of a fog.
 Yeah.
 Oh my God.
 What a character.
 Yeah, amazing guy.
 So just having a look through the old, the old fish inbox, podcast at qi.com.
 Really good fact we got in from, from John Ford.
 So thank you, John.
 This is something maybe you've done at Monica.
 It's that Canada flies a new flag over its parliament every single day, every single
 day there's a new flag, and they give the used one to a Canadian and you can apply to
 get your own flag.
 And you think I have done this?
 Well, guess it's possible.
 Feel like you haven't anymore.
 I haven't quite, no, but if I said that I have the option, well, you have the option,
 but unfortunately you won't get the flag.
 So this is a bad thing.
 The current waiting time is 100 years.
 It's more than a century because so many people have applied.
 So they mentioned this on the website, like it's a totally normal thing.
 Yeah, they say the current waiting time is more than 100 years.
 And so you can either log on and make a request, why would you, or you can change your details
 if you made a request, you know, five years ago and you're moving house now.
 Just to keep it updated.
 But why would you do that either?
 Are you allowed to do it for your next generation?
 Exactly.
 Can I go to the descendants?
 I don't think I'll know any of my hundred year from now descendants well enough to care
 whether or not they get a flag.
 It's also like not hard to get.
 It's not very special.
 It's only been up over a parliament for one day.
 Yep.
 You could just get your own flag.
 It's the kind of shit I buy in eBay.
 This is all part of my divorce.
 That's giving unreasonable behavior to me actually.
 Have you been reading about William Amos from the Liberal Party in the last few months?
 Very recently he was on a parliamentary Zoom call and he had to apologize because he said
 I urinated without realizing I was on camera and the amazing thing was is that the month
 earlier he'd also been recorded in the nude during the virtual session of the Canadian
 Parliament.
 So twice in two months.
 The first time he'd been out for a jog and he was kind of getting changed while the
 session was going on and they could see.
 See it all.
 Yeah.
 See the right honorable member.
 See his loony and his toony.
 But yeah.
 I can see myself not falling for that just I can see myself doing that.
 Twice in a row?
 You quickly check maybe not twice in a row.
 I think what's better than this case right?
 Yeah I would definitely get a post-it for the camera after the first time.
 Yeah.
 Would I?
 I don't know.
 No you would think I couldn't possibly do that again.
 That's what you think.
 That's what you think.
 Oh my god that was the stupidest day of my life.
 No more mistakes on that front and then you just go along and you know do you say he was
 urinating into a cup or something?
 I don't.
 I don't know.
 As far as I can tell because this kind of thing has now happened you know we're pretty
 deep in the pandemic.
 It's not happened a number of times.
 It's been fairly high profile people and it has as far as I'm aware never happened to
 a woman.
 It's just men who I don't know haven't thought it through or aren't worried enough.
 I can't even believe that you're saying that you think this could happen to you.
 This would never happen to me.
 There's no world in which I would be like okay I'm doing a work Zoom.
 I'm going to quickly get fully nude.
 No one has to know.
 Okay that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said over
 the course of this podcast we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Shriberland, Andy, @AndrewHunterM, James, @JamesHarken and Monica, @MonicaHeisey.
 Yep, or if you'd like to book a round of golf at the House of Holes you can head to @HouseofHolesUK.
 It genuinely has amazing reviews.
 Do check it out.
 Everyone loved it there.
 Everyone loved it.
 Or you can go to @NoSuchThing which is our actual Twitter handle and you can get through
 to us there.
 Or you can email us at podcast@QI.com.
 Also do check out our website NoSuchThingasafish.com.
 All of the previous episodes are up there but the main thing that you need to do is get
 to a bookshop or an online bookshop and get really good actually by Monica Heisey.
 It is Storming the Charts here.
 As we speak it's been in the Sunday Times Best Sellers list for four weeks.
 It is an absolute rockin' book.
 It's incredibly funny.
 So do get it now and otherwise come back because we're going to be back with another episode
 next week and we'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 [Music]
