 Hello and welcome to another episode of "No Such Thing as a Fish" presents the World Cup of Facts.
 This is the only World Cup podcast out there that makes absolutely no mention of football whatsoever.
 Brought to you by the QILBs in association with Visitingland.com.
 My name is Dan Schreiber and I am joined by James Harkin, Aniches Zinski and Andy Murray
 and today's match is Uruguay versus Costa Rica.
 Let's begin with Uruguay.
 I've got a fact, it's actually the only fact I've got about football for any country of research.
 Wait a minute, this is supposed to be a non-football football contest.
 Okay, if you just heard the intro, I'll dress it up as a newspaper fact.
 Okay.
 The first time that Uruguay won the World Cup in 1930?
 In 1930, the fact was not even reported in the Times.
 That is how little esteemed sports news was then.
 So they're just really a loof?
 They might be fantastic of football.
 They are actually pretty good, aren't they?
 Well, actually they are very good at football because they've managed to win the World Cup twice.
 Despite having a tiny population, what was it, Andy?
 You were saying it's 3.5 million, which is about the same as the West Midlands.
 It's very small.
 We're not doing very well at this being a non-football football podcast, are we?
 Red cards around, no football chat.
 So Uruguay was besieged by the Argentine dictator Juan Manuel Ducrosas in the 1840s
 and they'd run out of proper ammunition
 and they held their own in battle and won by raiding the gannies of their ships,
 finding that they had quite a lot of Dutch cheese.
 Loaded up their cannons with what they now think,
 well, it was reported as e-down cheese, but Mythbusters looked into it,
 concluded it had to have been Gerotska cheese, and they won.
 And they shot Gerotska cheese out of their cannons, penetrates the sales of the army ships
 and they won the battle.
 And then there'd be like little shrapnel of mini baby bells.
 Yeah, it would have been true.
 Where would we get a baby, though?
 Uruguay, we should say, it means either river of birds or river of shellfish.
 We don't know which one it means.
 I mean, that's quite a big, this, like, a bird or a fish, is a shellfish.
 A shellfish, even, yeah.
 What's for dinner tonight?
 Good news, it is.
 But I'm allergic to shit, I'm sorry, yeah, I can't tell you.
 Yeah, I literally do not know.
 Uruguay has three times as many cows as it has people.
 Well, it's where Frey Bentos comes from, isn't it?
 There's actually a town called Frey Bentos,
 which is where the stuff comes from, like the pies and the corn beef and all that.
 I think they've shot down, they've stopped making them, haven't they?
 Yeah, in the '70s, but we still, obviously, call it Frey Bentos.
 Well, it was so important during the war, they called Frey Bentos
 to town the kitchen of the world.
 And soldiers would say Frey Bentos instead of OK.
 Well, how are you feeling today?
 Frey Bentos.
 That's great.
 I like that.
 Someone's on a must pick.
 Just on the food kind of areas, you'd like a nice drink, national drink to go with it.
 And they have their national tree, when the leaves are turned into a tea, it's a laxative tea.
 That's their national tree.
 It's called the Ombu.
 The national drink is a laxative.
 If you said I would like to drink from your national tree,
 as you do when you go to countries and you say that, you would have a laxative.
 They obviously eat a lot of meat.
 And so that can block you up.
 But if they have laxatives as their national drink, then it will be all bad or so.
 Perfect.
 It's like doc leaves and nettles, isn't it?
 Some of their meat is glow-in-the-dark, or their sheep glow-in-the-dark anyway,
 because it was a Uruguayan scientist who injected jellyfish genes into sheep,
 and that makes them glow-in-the-dark.
 And it has a whole bunch of medical uses, they think now, and they've done it with other things.
 They think glow-in-the-dark cats with jellyfish genes might be used to cure AIDS, maybe in future.
 But that was a Uruguayan anyway.
 You get glow-in-the-dark sheep.
 Wow.
 Wow.
 That's great.
 There are their presidents, a good guy, isn't he?
 Do you all know about him?
 No.
 He was a Mojica.
 He was a guerrilla fighter, he was a socialist, and he became president.
 And he gives 90% of his income to charity.
 He lives in a farm, he never wears a tie, and he lives with his three-legged dog who lost a leg
 in a tractor accident.
 Oh, he became quite famous in the news recently.
 Yeah, he's famous.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 He's been 13 years in prison, but two of those years were in a well, in the bottom of a well.
 What?
 That was during the dictatorship that was the previous government before he came to
 power.
 Bit of a shock that if you were lifting out the award families, award supplies for the week.
 Oh my god, so it seems to have been a future president.
 It seems to have been a future president, isn't it?
 And it's three-legged dog.
 All officials in Uruguay have to make a personal wealth declaration every year, and in 2010, his
 entire declaration was £1,100, which is the value of his 1987 Volkswagen Beetle.
 I mean, that's pretty modest living.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 Okay, here's another awesome Uruguayan.
 He's called Emilio Arénas, and he has the largest collection of key rings in the world.
 He has 56,630 non-duplicated keychains, which he's been collecting since 1955.
 Wow.
 Does he just own a lot of properties?
 Well, I think he's just a collector, because he was also in the Guinness Book of Records
 for having the world's largest collection of pencils.
 Good night.
 That's great.
 I'd like to imagine that you can never find his actual key, because he's just going around
 and around this.
 Yeah, yeah.
 He's going around key rings.
 Or you can never find a pen in his house.
 Pencils everywhere.
 Just need a pen.
 There's a cemetery in Uruguay, which has a Jewish cemetery, and there are QR codes.
 So you scan them in and you get all the information about the person and lots of details.
 Or you can look at the cemetery remotely if you type in the right code for the QR code.
 Oh, so it's like having an iPad gravestone?
 Exactly.
 Yeah.
 I think that's the way ahead.
 Go for it.
 Okay.
 I love your Wikipedia page on there when you go in there, you'll like take it up with me.
 It'll go on and just say, this body is a stub.
 You can help me.
 Yeah, expand.
 With honor, it'll just be a Nokia 5510.
 It'll send you a text.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 That's the halftime whistle there, which means it's time for our halftime show, which comes
 in the form of a QI quiz brought to you by VisitingLin.com.
 So we've got three questions for this one and we're going to start with James.
 Question number one.
 Okay.
 My question is why during World War One did someone come up with the idea to build an enormous
 fake mountain in Kent?
 Mm.
 Duh, duh, duh.
 Andy.
 So George is the patron saint of England now, but who was the patron saint of England before
 he was?
 Question number three, Chazinski.
 Yeah.
 My question is, what is Big Ben?
 Good question.
 Good question.
 Okay.
 There's our good questions.
 If anyone wants to find out the answer to these questions, you better stay tuned to our
 show because they're coming right at the end.
 But until then, we've got a match to sort out.
 So it's time for the second half and we're heading over to Costa Rica.
 I love this fact.
 Costa Rica doesn't do proper addresses.
 They don't have really street names or house numbers and the way you post a letter or the
 way you direct someone somewhere is just by landmarks.
 So the postman have the worst life ever.
 Every single letter is just like turn left to the post office by the edge of the street that's
 a bit dark coloured and then there's a big oak tree to the east of you.
 And they do say it's hellish.
 So they would have like a really massive envelope if you lived a long way, right?
 It's like turn left here and then right there and then I would have ridden you a letter,
 but there was no space after your address.
 One of them said, they give me strange directions sometimes.
 So for instance, I'll be told to walk 300 metres north and then walk back 250 metres.
 It just sounds like hell.
 That's great.
 It sounds like they're just trying to punish their postman, doesn't it?
 Yeah.
 I think they're not the only, I think Dubai and Abu Dhabi have a similar, my sister, they
 used to live in Dubai trying to send letters to her was exactly that.
 And she said, if you got a taxi home at night, you had to direct them home like literally.
 It wasn't like, bring me here, it was like, I'll show you the way.
 Taxi drivers will just have the ignorance.
 Yeah.
 Let's go back to Costa.
 Yeah, anyway.
 Costa Rica's first female president was called Laura Chinchilla, which is quite a nice name.
 And one of the founders of the Communist Party was called Carlos Fallos.
 Nice.
 No, and their currency is the Colond.
 Oh yeah, it is.
 Yeah.
 Probably named after Christopher Columbus or his son, maybe.
 Or his anus.
 I really like the fact that in 1852, Costa Rica didn't have a national anthem, but they were
 being visited by UK and US diplomats.
 And so they basically in Costa Rica went, I guess we need to get a national anthem, the commission
 to national anthem just for the visit.
 And then it stuck.
 Wow.
 Yeah, and then they didn't add words to it until the 1900s.
 So they didn't have time for lyrics?
 Yeah, they're like, we need a focus on one element of this right now.
 We might get away with it.
 Everyone just murmur our language.
 They don't speak it anyway.
 It's all fine.
 Well, they don't have an army.
 Costa Rica.
 They don't know.
 But years ago, the government in 1949, they had a civil war and then one of their leaders,
 Jose Fuguerrez Ferrer, seized power to defeat an electoral fraud and then dissolved his own
 army.
 But they still have a defense budget.
 I think they just spent it on a military-trained police force.
 Yeah.
 Sounds a little bit like an army.
 But yeah.
 It's somatic.
 It's crucially not quite that much.
 Yeah.
 It's work for them though, not having an army because I think it was in 2009 with 143 nations.
 They're the happiest in the world.
 The happiest nation and the greenest nations in the most eco-friendly in the world.
 They have a lot of animals there, don't they?
 I read a fact that they have 0.03% of the planet's surface, but they are home to 500,000
 unique species.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 That's four percent of all known species on Earth.
 That's amazing.
 There's seven volcanoes in this tiny, tiny country, seven active volcanoes and 120 volcano
 formations.
 Yeah.
 Amazing butterflies, 10% of all the world's butterflies.
 I think it may be an even higher proportion of Mars.
 I think my all-time favourite Costa Rica fact is going to be that when an American fruit
 company went over there and started clearing lands to grow bananas, they found these massive
 stone balls.
 No one knows what the balls were for, no one knows why they're there, but they were the
 things that inspired the big ball that chases Indiana Jones at the start of Raiders of the
 Lost Out.
 Very cool.
 They don't know why they're there.
 No one knows.
 That one has a mystery.
 Okay, that's the final whistle there, but before we find out who has won today's match,
 Uruguay Costa Rica, we're going to get the answers to that visitingland.com quiz that
 we had at our halftime show.
 So the answers are starting with James.
 Okay.
 The idea of building an enormous fake mountain in Kent was to make it tall enough to get
 the high ground against German bombers.
 That would have been a big mountain.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 Question number two was from Andy.
 The original patron saint of England, perforced in George, was King Edward the Confessor,
 who was patron saint after he was king until 1066.
 So Big Ben is not a clock.
 Big Ben is the name for the bell within the clock.
 Ah.
 Is it true that it was named after a big guy called Ben who was an MP?
 Is that true?
 I don't.
 Ben was a complete bell.
 Okay.
 Well, there's the answers.
 If you want to win any QI goody prizes, sort of like books and so on, there's an additional
 quiz that's going on visitingland.com.
 So if you head over there, you get a chance to win some of the books.
 All the elves are going to sign the copies of the books and there's probably more going
 on there as well.
 So now it's time to decide who's won this match.
 I'm going to decide it today and I'm going to go for Costa Rica because I'm a massive
 Indiana Jones fan and I love the idea that those bulls are out there and they exist and
 they inspired it.
 Okay.
 So that's it for this match.
 But join us again tomorrow where there's going to be another great battle between two
 nations and they are James.
 They are France and Honduras.
 France and Honduras.
 Okay.
 Great.
 In the meantime, if you want to ask us anything about the things we were talking about in
 this particular podcast, you can get us all on our Twitter handles.
 I'm on @triberland.
 Andy.
 @andruhunteram.
 James.
 @egshaped.
 And I'll reply to you @quickipedia or you can also email in to elves@QI.com.
 Okay.
 So we'll see you tomorrow for another match of the World Cup of Facts.
