 HELLO and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish coming to you from the
 QI offices in Covent Garden. My name is Anna Kashinsky and I'm sitting here with Anne
 Miller, James Harkin and Alex Bell. And once again, we have gathered around the Mike
 of phones with our four favourite facts in the last seven days and in no particular
 order here we go starting with Anne's facts. My fact is that Ruby, a sheep who'd been
 genetically engineered to glow in the dark, was accidentally sold to an abattoir.
 So you would have thought if you genetically engineered a sheep, you're keeping
 pretty close tabs on it. How did that happen? Well, actually it may have been an insider
 job that you may have been someone with a grudge against the company. But one of the other
 sheep. Yeah. It's very cloak and dagger stuff. So this is the National Institute for Agricultural
 Research in Paris and actually it was Ruby's mother, Emrod, was given this jellyfish gene
 which makes her glow in the dark and then Emrod had a lamb Ruby who had the same gene
 but I'm not sure if it was active as she actually was glowing but it was revealed this year
 that last year Ruby made it into the food chain and they've been very familiar with people
 they won't arrest you eight Ruby, you're alright but somebody did buy her someone to eat her.
 We are constantly making animals glow in the dark these days and it's always for apparently
 scientific purposes. I'm so suspicious and also it's always bloody jellyfish isn't it?
 I think sometimes in enemies but usually we just seize a jellyfish from the sea, take
 its genes out and jack them into something and they must be so fed up with it. It's because
 jellyfish have this particular protein called GFP which stands for green fluorescent protein.
 Yep and this particular protein when you put it into other animals it doesn't really have
 any other effects on the animal or hardly anything anyway and so it's quite safe. There
 are other animals which have these kind of proteins but they're not quite as useful really.
 Yeah we use it as a marker so they can see what happens to the cells that use it in stem cell
 research and they want to train.
 Well in 2011 scientists created kittens which glow in the dark in order to help fight
 AIDS because apparently FIV which is the feline immunodeficiency virus, it's very similar
 to HIV and so it was apparently legitimate to make kittens glow in the dark. I think it's
 legitimate anyway just to do that option back.
 When we say glow in the dark it doesn't annoy me because it's not like you turn the lights
 off and they glow is it you have to put UV light on them which is so different.
 Scorpions glow in the dark under UV light.
 Naturally.
 Yeah so they'd be pretty cool to take to a nightclub.
 I feel like if you want more personal space in the dance floor, I've got a nice scorpion
 in here.
 Also glow in the dark under UV light and I know which I'd rather have.
 So on sheep they recognize each other's faces don't they apparently.
 But not when they get scared.
 Yeah so this really confuses really.
 When they're scared they have to reestablish a different hierarchy and fight again to be
 leaders because they don't recognize each other.
 But I would have thought if you were recognizing faces.
 I was just just relatedly I guess I was reading this week that in chickens or in roosters
 the first chicken to go cockadoodle do in the morning is always the most dominant one.
 And if you get rid of the most dominant one then it will be the second most dominant who
 does the cockadoodle doing.
 And sheep so they weren't much clever well I guess we say there's about all animals that
 we think are idiots and we revise it but sheep are clever and then people give them credit
 for.
 I think much clever than you give them credit for.
 They'll never have with dance Friday the exception that proves the rule.
 So they are one of only two animals I think who can recognize shapes and remember shapes
 really quickly so they're better at monkeys than doing this so if you give them like food
 in different shape buckets and you put food in one bucket but not in another then they'll
 remember the right shape bucket that it's been in and then come back to the animals
 humans.
 The other animals most humans can do that again with Dan I would question the majority
 of humans.
 The movie Predator came out in 1987 and the blood of the Predator is kind of blowing
 the dark and the way they made it was mixing K.Y. jelly with green glow stick fluid.
 Really?
 Yeah, fun to choose the shapes for that in turn.
 You would definitely use the self-scan.
 Self-scan I would.
 Yeah.
 I'm expected height as well.
 The fluid is called Biz245 Tri-Clorofenal 6-Carbon Pentoxy Fenal Oxolate.
 Catchy.
 Slapy.
 Sayaloon for short.
 Do you know there's an ice cream company called Lick Me I'm Delicious who make it glow
 in the dark ice cream?
 Really?
 This is the same jellyfish protein which gives off a glow when it touches your tongue but it
 will cost you about 140 quid a scoop.
 Maybe we could share one rather than one each?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 How do they make it glow?
 Do you say?
 They use the jellyfish.
 Oh, they should get it.
 In jelly rather than ice cream, shouldn't they?
 Maybe that's what jelly is.
 It's just jellyfish with their legs pulled off.
 That's why it always stings your mouth a bit.
 Hey, video.
 That's why you have to urinate on your mouth whenever you've eaten jelly.
 Get one of my people who are always doing that to me.
 Okay, time for fact number two and that is Alex.
 My fact this week is that during the launch of BBC 2 in 1964, a live kangaroo got stuck
 in a lift at television centre.
 And I assume its tiny arms couldn't reach the buttons?
 No, well, there was a massive power cut just before they went on air.
 There was a fire at Bassy Power Station, half of London lost power.
 And the whole night it was just a massive disaster.
 What happened to the kangaroo?
 It was the mascot of BBC 2, basically.
 So there was a big run up to this launch and the publicity campaign centered around a kangaroo
 with a Joey coming out of its pouch because it was the second channel.
 So the BBC decided to get a live kangaroo in as part of the opening night.
 It'll pop in W1A.
 It really does sound like a W1A plot, doesn't it?
 It does, yeah.
 I think it's a bit crazy.
 And this is all according to the biography of Gerald Prisland, who was a BBC news reader.
 The first time he delivers his news bulletin, they get through like two and a half minutes
 and then they realise there's no sound going out.
 So he has to start again.
 And then there's lots of awkward pauses that a phone is sitting on his desk
 and it rings and he picks it up and there's no one there.
 It's true that the first words that were spoken were a new story about a bus conductor
 who had been sacked for insulting Pakistani passengers.
 And that it included the words that she used to insult said passengers.
 I remember that one.
 And that one next news story was about that last news story, also including the words they used.
 A second news reader has been fired for saying...
 Didn't they just cover all their big sort of launch events?
 They were going to have like, kiss me, cake songs from the musical.
 They were going to have the top comedian from the Soviet Union.
 I think all the plans went away.
 And they had to end up the first thing they showed properly was play school the next day.
 The whole evening was just test cards on the screen
 and people apologising for the music.
 It was a great BBC programme. I think more of the BBC should do more of that.
 I read this thing about the BBC in Odes called the toddler truce
 where there was a kid's TV was on from 5 to 6.
 And then they would have nothing from 6 to 7.
 I think to say to the kids, "Oh, look, the TV's off. You've got to go to bed now."
 And so they didn't have anything on for this hour.
 And they ended in February 1957 when they brought in a t-shirt.
 Everyone went to bed.
 They brought a new shirt for teenagers called the 6/5 special.
 And I just love this opening fix. It just sounds so fifties.
 We're open with this line.
 Welcome aboard 6/5 special. We've got a hundred cats jumping here.
 Some real cool characters to give us the gas.
 So just get on with it and have a ball.
 Great. Even then they're out of touch.
 These days you would think they were actual cats.
 Jumping.
 Yeah, it sounds like a precursor to the internet that programme if you're taking it literally.
 And now we're a trooper of dancing feline.
 Speaking of which, there was a channel on cable in America called the Puppy Channel
 which was a 24/7 network showing nothing but puppies.
 This was I think in the 90s or maybe 2000s.
 And of course it just went out.
 As soon as the internet came in you could get as many puppies as you want, whatever you want.
 Oh no, the sad fate of all the porn magazine.
 So doing another QI fact about the most watched channel in most countries is the weather forecast?
 I have read that in the government meteorology site.
 I haven't enough to find anywhere else but I decided I trust the government.
 It's a meteorology department.
 They do say it does say in most countries the weather forecast is the most watched programme.
 But it's hard to find what the definition of the most watched programme would be.
 Speaking of most watched, I reckon the most repeated television programme ever is on BBC2.
 QI.
 No, no, no, no, it's not.
 Contrary to what the Guinness Book of World Record says and what we said on QI as well.
 So we said in series G that it was a short film called Dinner for One.
 Yeah.
 Which is massive in Germany.
 They watch it every holiday.
 In that approaching I think 300 repeats in total.
 But I was reading about this thing called trade test transmissions which were these films broadcast in the early days of BBC2.
 They were designed to fill the channel with nice vibrant varied colours.
 Which TV manufacturers and retailers could use to test their televisions.
 But they were very popular among normal viewers as well.
 The most repeated one is apparently a documentary about dam building called The Captive River.
 This is according to the test card circle which is a group of enthusiasts in the UK television.
 They're really cool.
 I remember.
 Don't laugh.
 I was going to ask you the president.
 It's the same way that I don't believe the meteorologist that the show is the most popular.
 I don't believe you that these guys are really cool.
 You have ulterior motives Alex.
 Okay.
 This of this film according to them is repeated almost 550 times over 12 years.
 Partly due to the fact that in 1963 a huge fan of the film's director locked himself in the ops room at the BBC
 and blocked play The Captive River until he was rugby tackled to the ground and eventually deported.
 What?
 Would you like to hear some early alternatives to the word television from the 1920s which died out?
 Telectroscopy visual listening here seeing radio movies.
 I like visual listening as if they didn't have the word watching.
 Yeah.
 In the 20s.
 What you do with your ears but with your eyes.
 There was a big discussion as to what they were going to call people who watched television as well.
 Wasn't it like viewers or watches or yeah there were loads of different options.
 Visual listeners.
 In October 1983 when the email was just starting to be a thing.
 There was a two-hour program on the BBC which was to demonstrate little known technology.
 And it demonstrated the first email ever shown on the BBC.
 Yeah I know it's so weird isn't it.
 It's really weird.
 So weird.
 But before they were transmitting the program one of the tech guys shouted the password to the email account over to someone else.
 This was overheard by two sort of coder, computer-y guys.
 And so they hacked into the email and so live on TV in 1983 the first BBC email said to the presenters.
 Do you want to make a cut?
 No what was it?
 What did it say?
 They were called Oz and Yug and they left them a song saying try his first wife's maiden name.
 This is more than just a game.
 It's real fun.
 Questionable.
 But just the same.
 It's hacking hacking hacking.
 What a waste of a hack.
 The first HD channel in the Philippines was called Balls.
 Just a fact.
 Do you know why it was?
 Yeah because it was a sports channel.
 London Live, the TV channel.
 In its first month on eight separate occasions its morning TV show was broadcast for a full hour to know measurable audience.
 And in 2010 S4C, the Welsh TV channel, they got zero viewers for 196 of their 890 programs.
 Oh my god.
 It's not so depressing, just think all the effort the studio, the success of everyone doing makeup and everything.
 Were the actual programs, were they your test cards on repeat?
 Yeah we've seen this one.
 I'm not watching it again.
 Oh yet again we seem to have a viewership of one.
 A man in London.
 It's for you.
 I was like 200 members guys.
 Speaking of these kind of clubs it just reminds me there was a club called I think they called the white dot club.
 I remember this from when I used to work for a pub company.
 And they used to go around trying to turn off TVs in pubs because they thought it was anti-social people watching football or whatever.
 And they should be talking to each other.
 And they would have these universal remote controls and then turn off the football when people were watching it.
 Just to stop people from watching TV.
 My friend happened to go to school and he would turn on TV.
 Turn on TV.
 You would turn on TV in the classroom when they were watching.
 He was the opposite of this group.
 I like the Alex's idea of having like a gang like like you know like rivals with the tech.
 We're going back and putting them on with their universal remote control.
 Or you're watching like the World Cup semi-final on a massive screen and then suddenly someone puts on this BBC 2 documentary.
 Guys the test cards back on.
 All right moving on to fact number three and that is my fact.
 This week is that Dr. Seuss once wrote a Warner Brothers film that was banned because it accidentally predicted the Manhattan project.
 So between 1943 and 1945 the British government enlisted Warner Brothers to produce these propaganda cartoons.
 Which showed the adventures of this guy called private snafu as in snafu which.
 Situation normal all effed up.
 All effed up indeed.
 And he was just this completely cac handed military man captain snafu who kept on letting all the military secrets spill and messing everything up.
 And yeah there was this one film which they wrote and it was called going home.
 So snafu takes a date to the local cinema.
 And this film shows a news flash which says US secret weapon blast japs because you said that in those days.
 And then private snafu leans over to his girlfriend and spills all these all these secrets about how they were making the bomb to her.
 And it was incredibly close it sort of completely paralleled what the you know Americans were working on at the time.
 Do you think what they were worried about is that the Japanese would see this cartoon and think oh my god that's what they're going to do?
 Well I don't know it's a good point because they did prevent them from making it.
 But yeah what did they fear? Well the Japanese really going to think I bet if the US was going to attack us they'd broadcast it in a film a year earlier.
 But making a cartoon of it as well which is traditionally kind of really stupid escapades that would never happen in real life.
 Could be a double bluff.
 But it must have been confusing for the makers who obviously had absolutely no idea why they were told their film couldn't get made.
 And what I mean the coincidence is bizarre when you look at the plot line of the film but it was quite interesting this project and it involved all the all the big shots of Hollywood so the voice of snafu was malblanc who obviously is.
 Bugs Bunny and loads of other Warner Brothers characters and yeah doctors use wrote most of the film short so it's thought that he almost certainly wrote that one.
 And one of the last times you're on the podcast you took exception to Dr. Seuss didn't you? Yes. Dr. Seuss. I've done further research into this actually and well it is originally Dr. Seuss because that's how you would have financed it once it started getting bigger in America.
 He apparently like sort of let tick on the raring with goose and soost around with goose because it was easier for kids.
 Yeah and also he kind of liked the association with mother goose because he was a children's writer.
 Really? He wasn't even a real doctor maybe that's a bit obvious but he wasn't.
 As if he didn't know a doctor it's either because amazingly neither is Dr. Dre Dr. Fox.
 I wasn't absolutely sure I thought maybe he's a doctor maybe he did a physics degree or something like that.
 It's a good loads picture you're like as a GP when you said.
 What's wrong with me? I cannot tell you. Let me tell you where I will fix it most of the time.
 He and a friend invented a thing which sounds really terrifying called the infanta graph that they wanted to build for the world friend.
 I never actually built it but it was a thing to you would go with your boyfriend and they would show you what your child might look like.
 I think that sounds creepy. Yeah. I swear the internet can probably do that kind of thing.
 You see on Facebook don't you? Yeah. Well maybe my friends have actually had children.
 James keeps leaving messages and my friends going oh don't do that. It will turn out dreadfully.
 Like you tested it out first. So age 14, Dr. Soysius, he worked for the Boy Scouts and the Boy Scouts at that time were made to or were asked to sell war bonds to help the war effort.
 And he was one of the top 10 sellers in his Boy Scout battalion or whatever they come in.
 And this meant that he got to meet the president. So Teddy Roosevelt gave out 10 medals for the top 10 sellers of war bonds.
 But what happened so sad Teddy Roosevelt up on stage is calling all these boys up and Dr. Soysius was the 10th guy there waiting.
 Theodore had only been given nine medals. So it got to medal number 10. Theodore went up on stage in front of his parents and all these like hundreds and hundreds of people applause.
 And Teddy Roosevelt just went what an earth is this boy doing here. And then the Boy Scouts lead a jumped on stage and dragged him off stage to save embarrassment.
 And he said from that point onwards he always had a crippling fear of public appearances.
 I find it a bit weird that the president's reaction on saying they're nine medals and 10 people dressed as Boy Scouts. They would assume the check button is an imposter.
 So I'm just saying you sure we haven't got a number of medals.
 Yeah.
 That's a really good point.
 I remember this recently, and you might know this, I don't know if it's true or not, that there are two Roosevelt's.
 But one of them was actually pronounced the name Roosevelt.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 I can't remember which is which, but one of them is let's say Franklin T. Roosevelt and the other one is Theodore Roosevelt or the other way round I can't remember.
 Because they're obviously, you know, they're obviously related. So why would they have changed it?
 I believe it's like different branches of the family and this branch of the family called themselves Roosevelt and this branch called themselves Roosevelt.
 I've not looked at it and I just heard it.
 More of the ruses.
 So this, this movie, this movie that you're talking about, is it true that we're not 100% sure that it definitely was Dr. Suss who wrote it as in there was no credits or any for that.
 Yeah, no credits, they didn't ever credit them.
 There's a whole range of them, most of which are in red or two.
 Most of them apparently were written by him, but the reason we think this particularly is because of the meter of the lines because it sounds like a lot of his kind of stuff.
 It's called anapestic tetrometer, and it goes ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba
 That's a nice link, isn't it? Like carving a path from Byron to Dr Zews, 100 years later to Eminem 100 years later.
 I mean like that. Dr Zews in 1931, illustrated a book called The Pocket Book of Boners.
 Was it a pop-up?
 What sort of book boners?
 Boners in those days meant like a mistake, like a blooper kind of thing.
 It still does, isn't it? No. I wouldn't Google it.
 Okay, time for our final fact and that is from James.
 My fact is that the phrase "why is my poop green" is Google's most commonly between 5 and 6 in the morning.
 Oh my god, but I raised my history. And what time? Between 5 and 6 am. So this comes from an article in The New York Times by a guy called Seth Stevens Davidovich.
 And it's just a brilliant article with loads of times when it's most likely that people Google things.
 What I don't mean by that is this is when it's most often. It's more common for people to Google it at that time than it is for them to Google it at any other time.
 So the percentage of people searching Google for the word lonely peaks at 3.24 am.
 They're all doing it at the same time, so we need to bring them together.
 Yes, you're actually the least, if you're feeling lonely, that's when you're actually least lonely because everyone is feeling it too.
 They should have an "I'm Feeling Lonely" button, next to the "I'm Feeling Lucky" button, they should pay you up with a random person.
 That's called chat roulette.
 And that's loads of bonus.
 And the phrase "how to put on a condom" peaks at 10.28 pm.
 Yeah, I love that because that's really sweet that people are doing that.
 Because before we had to have like really awkward lessons in your nine with our English teachers who told us,
 I think it's better than you get to ask Google.
 You should have been the sex head teacher, really.
 They always doubled up. They were very similar.
 Actually, yeah, we had our guidance teachers, I think.
 Yeah, and bring hockey sticks in. Do you hockey sticks?
 No.
 Expectations are very high.
 I thought they did hear a skull.
 And bent for the end.
 Actually, this is a slightly odd topic, but speaking of, you know, "Girl Boy Differences", I was at a pub, this week.
 And there was a picture, Chris.
 And one of the pictures was, "What brand is this?"
 Joe Brand or Russell Brand.
 Yeah, good one.
 So you were given the funny answer and not got a point.
 The brand was a picture of a tampax packet with everything on it except the word tampax.
 And I was on a team with three boys and they were all looking at going, "I've never seen that before."
 Actually, I think one said that the reason why some men will go to the fridge and say, "I can't find the cheese."
 And you have to go and say, "It's right there."
 It's because a man's brain is more likely to look for cheese, looking for a C-H-E-E-S-E.
 And so the cheese is upside down or on the side.
 That's not what you're looking for.
 If you want to hide from a man, stand on your head.
 If you shave men, they can't recognize each other.
 And then they have to fight to see who's the best.
 That is the leader.
 That is quite something.
 Also, I must say, of all the cheese that I buy, usually it's not labeled with the massive word cheese.
 Again, we're not in a cartoon.
 The first Google computer, the first database, they built a computer housing for it with fans and a cooling system out of Lego.
 And you can see a picture of it, so they've still got it in our glass display case.
 And it's all multicolored, so it kind of looks like the Google logo.
 The word Google is nanogram-a-fog-go-leggo.
 It coincident.
 I had a look at other sort of clever internet things that these are in tracks.
 There's this guy called Steve Warswick, who has built a chatbot called the Mitsuki.
 So Mitsuki works by you, asks her a question, and then she has, every time someone talks to her,
 she learns appropriate responses, and she can search things, tries to think of a good thing to say back to you.
 So I asked her, she knew any facts, thought it might be a good short cut.
 Now we're all out of a job.
 Then she told me that butterflies taste with their feet.
 That's something about books.
 And the cats can hear ultra sound, which I thought was quite good.
 So I tried to teach her a new fact that bananas are slightly radioactive.
 She said, "What makes you say that?"
 I said, "Oh, never mind."
 Then we tried it a little longer.
 But what I like is that obviously I was using it to try and do my work,
 but people probably using it as an online girlfriend, let's be honest.
 And so I said, "Tell me try again, me and teaching you the facts." She said, "Once more, do you mean you and me?"
 It may require an alteration in my personality.
 I said, "No, no, I meant the fact about bananas."
 It is very fun. I recommend you all try out Mitsuki.
 Coming to the facts about what happens when you Google something?
 So if you Google something now, that's one of 3.5 billion things that people Google every day.
 20% of those things have never been Google before.
 Now there's interest in Alex, but why is my poop green?
 It would be 40% but you keep asking that.
 Then your query takes 0.2 seconds to go 1.5 thousand miles and go through a thousand computers to get your results.
 I just find that completely mind-blowing.
 But we have access to those incredible resources.
 These are so easy, but they are amusing.
 You know the old Google Autofill when people send in their Google Autofills for them.
 Just a couple of my favourite ones. So, someone typed in, "Is it N?"
 And the suggestion is, "Is it normal for my left nipple to be bigger than my other two?"
 Someone typed in to Google, "If I in the letter A, and the suggestion, the first suggestion was,
 "If I ate myself, would I be twice as big or completely disappear?"
 Wow, that's good.
 It's really good, isn't it? Yeah, nobody knows.
 Someone typed in, "My", and then the letter B, and the suggestion from Google is,
 "My balls are stuck in my Xbox."
 And my X is not happy.
 Okay, that's all of our facts. We'll be back again next week with another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish.
 And in the meantime, you can get these guys on their Twitter handles, which are...
 @millar_am. James @Akshaped. Alex @AlexBell_
 And you can email me at podcast@ky.com.
 Alright, until next week then, goodbye.
 [Music]
 ♪ And I'll still love you ♪
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
