 (slow rock music)
 (speaking in foreign language)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 - Hello, and welcome to another episode
 of "No Such Thing as a Fish" a weekly podcast
 this week coming to you from the Stan Comedy Club
 in Newcastle.
 (audience cheering)
 (audience cheering)
 - My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I am sitting here with Anna Chazinski,
 Andrew Hunter Murray, and James Harkin.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days,
 and no particular order.
 Here we go, starting with you, Andy.
 - My fact this week is that Britain exports
 over 50,000 boomerangs every year to Australia.
 (audience laughing)
 - And then imports them again, presumably.
 (audience laughing)
 - Yeah, this is just something that happens.
 This is, who knew that the post-Brexit Britain
 is gonna be boomerangs to Australia,
 Colton, Newcastle. - Is this a recent thing?
 - Oh, by the way, the phrase Colton, Newcastle,
 is that well known here?
 - Yeah.
 - Yeah, 'cause we tried it on some people in London,
 like young people, and they'd never heard of it.
 - Yeah. - That's true.
 - Actually, anyone under the age of about 25
 in London had heard of it, maybe 30 even.
 But actually, they import Colt and Newcastle, don't they?
 Oh, don't you?
 Well, do you?
 (audience laughing)
 Yes, you do.
 - Great.
 (audience laughing)
 - In 2013, Newcastle imported 4.9 million tons
 of Colt, the second most in the UK
 after somewhere in Scotland.
 - Wow. - No way.
 - What are they doing with it?
 (audience laughing)
 - Do you all get some?
 Is that--
 - I think, yeah, then it's sent around the country
 for people to burn them.
 - That's what you do with Colt.
 - No, I know what you do with Colt.
 I just didn't know what Newcastle was doing with Colt.
 - What special thing?
 Do you think Newcastle does with Colt?
 Well, apparently, they just send it back out again.
 (audience laughing)
 - It's like the boomerangs.
 - The thing is, Dad, right?
 The UK is an island, and when we bring stuff in,
 it has to go into a pot, and Newcastle's
 one of the best pots we have.
 - Now I get it.
 I thought you meant like Manchester was sending Colt.
 - I thought Newport was just collecting Colt,
 and then when now you can have it back.
 - Newport is somewhere else.
 (audience laughing)
 - Wait, so what's happened?
 - Oh my God.
 - Can we recap?
 What's--
 - Don't worry, I think you're trying to learn enough toes.
 It's a good thing James just said,
 "They've got the best pot, kiss us."
 (audience laughing)
 So we've won a few people over with that.
 - Anyway, my fact this week is that Britain exports
 over 50,000 boomerangs a year to Australia.
 - I looked at these boomerangs,
 and they don't look very boomerang-like.
 - Well, wait till they hit you in the back of the head, James.
 - No, well, they're toy boomerangs.
 - Yeah, they got three sticky outfits, I think.
 - That's true.
 - Are you sure?
 That's like fidget spinners, right?
 - Yeah, they look like fidget spinners.
 - Yeah.
 - Big ones.
 - But they're called sports boomerangs or something.
 - Yeah.
 - Yeah.
 - And they basically fly for miles and they do come back.
 - Yeah.
 - And the really cool thing is the guy who runs the company
 which sells them, his name is David Strang, okay?
 And he moved from Scotland to Australia at the age of eight,
 and then at the age of 20, he came back.
 (audience laughing)
 - Can I just ask, just a bug says,
 "Did we all just exclusively look for facts
 "where something went away and came back?"
 (audience laughing)
 - So it's just him, isn't it?
 It's just this one guy, this one company
 that's making them an expert in them.
 Is that right?
 - That's right, yeah.
 - So you know the song, my boomerang won't come back?
 - Yeah.
 - My boomerang.
 - I tell you, no.
 (audience laughing)
 - It's a song, comedy song.
 It's a comedy song.
 - It's a comedy song.
 - Oh yeah, 50s, my boomerang won't come back.
 Everyone else knows it, right?
 - You guys are?
 - It's really famous song.
 - Like six people are saying, yeah.
 How many, how many people don't know it?
 (audience cheering)
 I mean, that's huge.
 - That's, yeah.
 - All right, minority, do you know who produced that song?
 A certain George Martin, who went on
 to produce more famous songs by The Beatles.
 So The Beatles, you've been the guy
 who wrote Game of Thrones.
 (audience laughing)
 I did not, that was his big break.
 My boomerang won't come back,
 and then she went on to make The Beatles, yeah.
 - In the course of researching this,
 I actually listened to that song on repeat
 for about two days now.
 - Did you?
 - Yeah, it's very good.
 - He is good.
 - By these days, it's a bit culturally insensitive.
 So, I'm not gonna praise it.
 (audience laughing)
 - Do you know who else owned boomerangs?
 - Tutankamoon.
 - Oh, yes, it's full of boomerangs.
 - No.
 - It was okay.
 - It was full of boomerangs.
 (audience laughing)
 - If we get through these boomerangs,
 you might find something.
 (audience laughing)
 - Tutankamoon back as soon as you're done.
 - Oh my God.
 - No.
 All right, I'm sorry.
 (audience laughing)
 - So, do you know what is the world record
 longest time a boomerang has been in the air?
 - No.
 - Do you want to have a guess in minutes?
 - Minutes.
 - Three minutes.
 - Thirty-seven minutes.
 - Thirty-seven minutes.
 (audience laughing)
 - What do you think a bird flew off with it?
 (audience laughing)
 - Well, the answer is 1,440 minutes and nine seconds.
 - Come on.
 (audience laughing)
 - Don't, don't.
 - For less than a house at home,
 Dan's whacking his finger at me.
 Like, and I told you so, hey.
 - Can you explain to me?
 - I can, and you're not gonna like it.
 (audience laughing)
 - It's space, right?
 - It's a guy called Jay Parrott,
 and he was at the South Pole, and he threw it,
 so it went through all of the different time zones.
 So, technically, it went around 24 hours.
 - Ah, that's awesome.
 - I'm not the only one who didn't like it.
 (audience laughing)
 - I actually have the world, the Guinness World Record,
 for the longest distance of--
 - You have a congratulations.
 - No, sorry. - No, sorry.
 - Yeah.
 (audience cheering)
 - I can't.
 - I can't.
 - You hide your talent under a bottle then.
 (audience laughing)
 Imagine if that was true.
 This was the first time we'd ever heard of it.
 - I like to brag.
 - Yeah, no, 2005, the Guinness World Record
 was set for the longest throw of a boomerang,
 and do you wanna have a guess of how far that was?
 - Oh, 80,000 miles.
 (audience laughing)
 - If you could take my question seriously, man.
 (audience laughing)
 - James, do you wanna have a guess?
 - Well, let's say I think it would be about 300, 400 yards.
 - I've got it written down here, sir, for real.
 - Okay, great.
 (audience laughing)
 - So why don't you have a guess anyway, Anna?
 - Is it?
 - I only have 428, 7 meters.
 (audience laughing)
 - Well, I've got it in feet, so I don't know what that is.
 (audience laughing)
 - So yeah, you might be right.
 - Tell me in feet, and I'll convert it for you.
 - 1,401, put it on.
 - 427 meters.
 (audience laughing)
 - So Anna was closest.
 (audience laughing)
 - So this was set in Queensland, in Australia,
 and it was set by a guy called Mr. Shumy.
 And Mr. Shumy, when he was asked about it, he said,
 it wasn't really a boomerang throw,
 admitted Shumy, as it didn't come back.
 (audience laughing)
 But weirdly, the Guinness World Records thought
 we'll just accept it.
 - 'Cause the record should be zero meters.
 - Exactly, exactly, yeah.
 - Well, the record for a returning one,
 which I think is the one that should really stand,
 is a Swiss guy actually, who threw it 238 meters out,
 and then 238 meters back, which is further altogether
 than Mr. Shumy, isn't it?
 - Again, you've thrown numbers that I don't understand.
 (audience laughing)
 - It is.
 (audience laughing)
 - We need to move on to our second fact.
 Okay, so it is time for fact number two, and that is James.
 - Okay, my fact this week is that the Catalan region
 does regular checks of websites that end with .cat
 to check that they're about Catalonia and not about cats.
 (audience laughing)
 - Are they the only two options?
 - Well, no, but it seems, basically,
 they want all of the websites that are .cat,
 'cause that's the Catalan domain name.
 They want them to all be about Catalonia,
 but actually everyone else wants to put cats on the internet.
 And when you put cats on the internet,
 what you're gonna do, you're gonna put .cat, right?
 And so people do it all the time.
 And every now and then, they have to do an audit,
 and they give people six months to shut the down their website,
 or add a translation tool to translate their website
 into Catalan.
 So there is a website called, is it Nian on Nian?
 Does anyone know Nian?
 So it's Nian, you'll all know about it.
 It's like a little cartoon cat that's got like a rainbow on it,
 and it's a stupid song that happens.
 And that was Nian.cat, and they were told they had to take it down
 until they put a translation tool.
 And so now you can watch Nian cat in Catalan.
 - Wow.
 - Thank God.
 Yeah, but it's really for the Catalan people,
 it's really important, obviously, a lot in the news at the moment,
 but I think they were the first sort of group of people
 rather than the country to have their own top-level internet,
 the main name.
 - Yeah, there were only eight top-level domains were allowed,
 and then the Catalonia people said,
 "No, we want a night, we want it to be our own space."
 - And it was because one of the guys who organized it was Catalan.
 So that kind of helped.
 - It was really?
 - Yeah, he was called Amadou Abriel, E Abriel.
 And he was a lion.
 And he was kind of part of the top-level internet thing.
 But he was Catalan, so he kind of managed to pull a few strings.
 - They are very active internet users, though, apparently.
 - Cats, yeah.
 - The cats.
 It's them that are posting all these pictures of themselves.
 The Catalonians too, though.
 So in 2013, Catalan was the eighth most-used language
 on blogs online, which is kind of extraordinary,
 given that they're hot like eight million,
 eight to 10 million Catalan speakers.
 They love the internet.
 - It'll never catch on.
 - I think I heard that blogging is massive.
 - Yeah.
 - I'm sorry.
 - Because it is dad.
 - Yeah.
 - And I have this thing.
 It's called Myspace.
 - And you go on.
 No, it's because they're obviously they want to be independent
 from Spain, a lot of people in Catalonia.
 So they blog and they have message boards,
 which are all about Catalonian issues.
 And it's a very sort of adhesive identity, basically.
 - Yes.
 - Did you read about the guy, though,
 who has started a cat-based internet thing
 that is really cool?
 He started stalking cats around the world,
 and then he started posting up where they live online.
 So what happens is, if you post a picture of your cat on Flickr,
 or like one of the other ones, Instagram.
 (audience laughing)
 - Ask Jeeves.
 You put a cat on the Jeeves.
 - You can put a cat on Ask Jeeves.
 And he'll take the cat, and he'll scrape all the data
 from behind it.
 - Oh!
 - All the message.
 - Who is this pervert?
 Why are you telling us about him?
 - He's not a pervert.
 He's someone who's trying to highlight the security problems
 online with posting your pictures up,
 because you often accidentally geotag yourself
 when you put pictures up.
 And so he's created this map of the world,
 and you can see all the cats that live in certain places.
 So if you've ever posted a picture of your cat up,
 then you can go to where you live,
 and your cat may well be there.
 Or you might go to near where you live and see your cat,
 and then you'll know that it's cheating on you,
 and someone else has been posting pictures of your cat.
 - Oh, wow.
 - But that's clever, right?
 So he's not posting pictures of actual people,
 'cause that would be a bit creepy,
 but he's just posting pictures of their cats.
 - Wasn't it the case that one of the greatest hackers
 that the internet has ever seen was caught,
 and they tried to break into his system to work out
 just to get into his computer to see what he'd done,
 and they're like, "Oh, he's gonna have the most intense
 "pass or whatever."
 And it turned out his password was his cat's name,
 and one, two, three, four.
 (audience laughing)
 - Yeah, that was--
 Scientists in Japan have studied cats recently,
 and they found that they do recognize their owner's voices,
 but they then choose to ignore them.
 (audience laughing)
 So they played the cat a recording of the owner
 shouting the cat's name,
 and then they played another recording of a stranger
 shouting the same cat's name.
 They found that the cats have a much greater response
 to the owner shouting their name than to a stranger,
 but they still do not get up.
 (audience laughing)
 But dogs are catching up online, right?
 In the last couple of years, I think dogs have become
 as prevalent online, whereas cats used to be much better,
 and I think the idea is that the age of the smartphone
 has meant that it's more friendly to dogs,
 because smartphones, I am told, are good at videos,
 and streaming them and dogs are a bit more video-friendly.
 So cats are very image-friendly,
 'cause they are still for 99.9% of the day.
 (audience laughing)
 But now we can actually do the video thing,
 and post that up easily and watch it,
 then dogs work better.
 And so now it's about 50/50 in terms of how many
 are being posted respectively.
 - I did not know that was the reason.
 - That's interesting.
 - It's a theory.
 - I don't know.
 - There is that place where you can feed a cat
 that's 4,000 miles away, can't you?
 - Oh yeah.
 - Oh, that's right.
 - Yeah.
 - There's a webcam set up for a cat sanctuary in,
 I wanna say Russia, and you can move a toy remotely,
 and you have to wait for ages in a queue,
 while other people get to move the toy around remotely.
 We did it at the office.
 We're not there that day.
 - I was, yeah.
 - Yeah, that was great.
 - Of course, a very long after this, yeah.
 (audience laughing)
 So I was looking into all these dot something sites.
 As we say, like, dot cat things get misappropriated
 for the country that they're meant to represent.
 So obviously, dot XXX is for porn or websites,
 and that one is not a country, obviously.
 Or if it is, "I wanna go there sometime."
 I don't know, Maradavikid.
 (audience laughing)
 But, dot XXX is one that is allowed,
 because what they wanna do is try and separate the porn
 so that you can actually identify it.
 The problem is no one's using it,
 because then people can say you're definitely using porn
 as opposed to a dot com website.
 - You could just say, "Oh no, I thought it was for people
 who are 30."
 (audience laughing)
 And Roman.
 (audience laughing)
 - That's true.
 - So anyway, but there's other ones.
 Dot AC is the Ascension Islands.
 They have a population of 806,
 and that's used largely for academicwebsites.ac.
 It's also used for, and I had no idea this was a big thing.
 Air conditioning industries.
 They, it's a huge thing, air conditioning industries,
 and they use Asc.la is for Laos,
 or Laos, and that's being properly marketed
 as for Los Angeles to use that.
 And then I found Dot TV,
 and I remember Dot TV is a famous one because it's too blue.
 So I looked at, there's a list you can see
 the most famous Dot TV websites that you can get.
 And I found last night, and I was up,
 'cause I've got, I've just had a son,
 so I was up at about 3am after feeding him
 with a bottle, and my wife was asleep,
 and I was doing research for tonight's show.
 And I found, right there, up on the list,
 there's all these different Dot TVs,
 hamster porn, Dot TV.
 - Oh, Daniel.
 And I saw it, and I thought,
 there's no way I'm not clicking that.
 (audience laughing)
 So I clicked on it,
 and I was brought to hamsterporn.tv,
 and, annoyingly, it was just a regular human porn site.
 There were just a bunch of,
 - That must have been really annoying.
 - It was overnight.
 So it was all these just screen grabs of videos
 of humans doing porn.
 And as I was looking through it and just slightly upset,
 my wife woke up.
 (audience laughing)
 And she looked up, and she saw the screen,
 and she looked at me and went,
 "What are you doing? Are you looking at porn?"
 And I said, "No, honey, sorry,
 "I thought it was going to be a side of hamster porn."
 (audience laughing)
 And she literally said nothing,
 and turned around in the bed and went back to sleep.
 I can't believe you have roped us all into your lie here.
 (audience laughing)
 - A week on Friday,
 you're going to make your wife listen to it,
 and go, "See?"
 (audience laughing)
 The new top level domains, though,
 just to get nerdy.
 That's a new thing.
 So the .xxx is a new thing.
 And so it used to only be that you're country,
 the .coms, the .co.uks.
 But now we can register stuff at things like,
 there's a big long list you can read,
 but .hair, .wow, . weirdly, . good,
 . weirdly. - Dot weirdly is lovely.
 (audience laughing)
 We should do us a . weirdly, isn't it?
 - Sorry, there's no . weirdly.
 I was interjecting on myself.
 But there is . Ferreiro and . roche,
 but there's not . Ferreiro, roche.
 And there's also . off,
 which just feels like you need to start registering
 the sods and the boggles and the .xx . off
 before they get snapped up.
 - Just a really quick geeky top level domain name fact.
 - Yeah.
 - For Montenegro, country of Montenegro.
 It was Yugoslavia, and then it went to Montenegro.
 And so the top level domain went from .u to .me.
 - Thank you.
 - Oh, God, that's awesome.
 - That's sort of like Bruce Forsyth kind of website.
 - Wait, no, like a chuckle brother's website.
 - Yeah.
 (audience laughing)
 - I think you were thinking nice to see you.
 - That's what I was thinking to see you.
 - To see me. - To see you.
 - To see me, to see you.
 (audience laughing)
 - Thank you, James.
 - Yes.
 - We should move on.
 (audience laughing)
 It is time for fact number three,
 and that is Chazinski.
 - Yeah, my fact this week is that
 when Walmart opened in Germany,
 it scrapped its policy of making employees smile at customers
 because the Germans found it too weird.
 (audience laughing)
 This is a genuine problem.
 So Walmart started opening up stores in Germany in 1998,
 and they ended up in 95 stores opening,
 and it was just a disaster really,
 and Germany didn't really get along
 with Walmart very well.
 And one of the main reasons was these golden Walmart rules
 that they have in America, and they are,
 if a customer comes within 10 feet of view,
 you have to smile sweetly and offer help.
 And this is known as the 10 foot rule.
 And other things like, if a shopper made a complaint,
 it needs to be dealt with by sundown.
 That's called the sundown rule.
 And customers' bags have to be packed at checkout.
 And it turned out they did this in Germany,
 and they did various studies, researchers looked
 at how it was playing, and it was playing badly.
 So smiling was interpreted as flirting or creepy.
 And the head of the Walmart trade union said in Germany,
 just said, "German's don't behave that way.
 We don't do this smiling."
 And then the biggest German research institute said,
 "In Germany, if people try putting stuff in a bag for you,
 the customer will just think,
 "Hey, I just paid for that.
 That's mine.
 What are you doing putting in a bag?"
 So it didn't work.
 And it was just very interesting.
 So they had to cancel the policy,
 just because it's very different customer service
 in America to outside of America, turned out.
 It was amazing.
 I don't think Germany is being unsmily, though.
 I think it's that America is very smiley.
 Yeah.
 But the 10-foot rule thing, does that apply
 even if there's a shelf in between you and the customer?
 Ah, yeah.
 Yeah, you have to run all the way around.
 Yeah, and so Walmart's not in Germany anymore, is it?
 No.
 But they all closed down.
 I read one other thing that they thought
 maybe was one reason why it didn't work.
 And that is because Walmart employees
 are required every morning to stand in formation
 and chant "Wall-Mart," and "Wall-Mart," and they thought
 maybe the Germans didn't really like standing in a row
 chanting things for obvious reasons.
 They also-- they would always make them do the charm,
 which is like, "Give me a W. Give me an A."
 And apparently, lots of staff used to just hide
 in the toilets for that part, as I think a lot of us would,
 if you were forced to do that every day.
 And also, they had to chant every morning at the morning
 meeting at the end of every meeting.
 The boss would say, "Who is number one?"
 And all the staff would have to chant.
 The customer, of course.
 So I think staff spent a lot of time in the bathrooms.
 Magic and a work and just chanting, no such thing as a fish.
 No such thing as a fish.
 Well, if you turned up on time a bit more often, you'd see.
 In fact, that goes for all three of you, may I say.
 So in some countries, I read the New York Times
 said that they've had trouble in various places.
 In Korea, apparently, they ran into trouble
 because they had taller racks than those of local rivals.
 And so it was just a bit harder to reach this stuff,
 and customers would have to get on ladders.
 So I was like, oh, maybe the average height
 in Korea is a bit shorter.
 I looked it up.
 Koreans are exactly the same average height as British people.
 So just apparently, they slightly overshot
 the shelf height in Walmart.
 But Walmart's ladder sales went hugely through the roof.
 It is like a cult, though.
 I was reading a blog by a guy called--
 Sorry, Andy, a blog is where people just put thoughts
 and stuff, yeah.
 I was reading a blog by an ex-wormart employee
 who was saying that they get really obsessed with box cutters.
 So they get given a box cutter when
 they join as a member of staff.
 This is in America.
 And he said, staff go a heapship for these box cutters.
 And every staff meetings, they would
 have Sam Walton trivia contest.
 Now, Sam Walton is the guy who founded Walmart.
 I don't know how much trivia there is about Sam Walton,
 but apparently enough to have a trivia quiz on him,
 every staff meeting.
 And where the answer is always, Sam Walton.
 Yeah.
 Is Sam Walton the best person ever?
 Yes, correct.
 Oh, my, oh, my, oh, my, oh, my.
 And then the winner of that quiz, who locked onto that,
 would get a slightly petter box cutter.
 And then this member of staff said they
 used to taunt the other staff with their slightly better box
 cutters.
 But that's quite aggressive.
 Yeah, with a knife.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Oh, my, my, my, my.
 So I was looking at, like, smiling around the world,
 happiness with different countries.
 You always get these things where all the countries are
 ordered by how happy they are, don't you?
 And usually the same people in, like,
 customary or something.
 But Denmark has won it for the last few years.
 And this year, they were beaten by Norway
 into second place.
 But actually, the guy in charge of happiness in Denmark
 said he was, he was very happy for them.
 [LAUGHTER]
 A lying bastard.
 Said we don't have a monopoly on happiness.
 Wow.
 That's, I mean, but that's the ultimate happy sentence
 to lose the happiness competition.
 That's almost, we're going to have to take the prize off you.
 That guy just went uber happy.
 That's insane.
 Yeah, and that's obviously why he did it, the cynical bastard.
 He said, he said that.
 And then he went, are we back at the top spot?
 Yeah, great.
 And when McDonald's opened in Russia, in fact,
 where, you know, the service industry
 has slightly different cultural norms,
 staff would talk how to smile.
 The Russian staff would talk how to smile,
 because it's not a particularly normal thing.
 And actually, there was a study that was done
 looking at how different countries view smiling.
 And in Russia, most people view someone who
 smiles a lot as quite stupid, whereas in America,
 and actually in Britain, we view them as a bit more intelligent,
 in fact, if someone smiles at you and they engage with you.
 It all depends, I would say, on context.
 If someone's smiling at you on the bus, and they won't stop.
 It is true, though, actually, in Russia,
 because my wife's Russian, so I go to Russia occasionally,
 and they just don't smitling photographs.
 They do a bit now, but in the olden days,
 they really wouldn't smile in photographs.
 And there was very much frowned upon.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Oh, I'm sorry.
 I almost bottled out of that joke, I'm with her.
 And I thought there's no word to go with it.
 But it is actually true.
 Yeah.
 If you see old pictures of Russians even from the '80s and '90s,
 they're just very--
 Yeah.
 Americans used to be really serious.
 They used to have a reputation of being serious
 until the mid-19th century.
 Any.
 Well, didn't-- so I was just thinking of the very old photos
 that used to get taken when nobody's smiling.
 And you often read that in the reason
 that no one's smiling is because they--
 that just was the thing.
 You just don't smile.
 I didn't realize it's because of the long exposure of the photo.
 So it takes so long for the photo to be taken.
 And you don't know exactly what point it's going to be.
 You just had to keep a normal face.
 I mean, not in the 1980s.
 We had a camera technology had come quite long.
 No, no, no.
 I mean, the super-old school--
 we're talking like, I guess, the BC.
 Before cameras.
 Yeah.
 [LAUGHTER]
 But so because, yeah, the exposure was too long.
 So to hold a smile, to hold the cheese,
 it would be so long that you would just look pained.
 And it would be, yeah.
 I have read a debunk of that, actually, just for the record,
 that maybe the exposure wasn't quite as long as we thought.
 Maybe it was only about 30 seconds
 and anyone could hold a smile for 30 seconds.
 But I don't know.
 No, but they were just getting used to smiles back then.
 It would have felt a lot longer.
 Yeah.
 They could have had a happiness hat.
 This was something in the news a few years ago.
 And the happiness of that was a hat, obviously.
 And it was made of metal.
 And it had these kind of metal bits coming down the side.
 And then it had a metal spike.
 And whenever it sensed that you were frowning,
 it would stab you in the head with a spike.
 I remind you to smile.
 Oh, god.
 Really?
 Sorry.
 Which shopping chain was this?
 Where was this?
 It was just one guy who invented it.
 All right.
 But he hit the news.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 Should we move on to our final fact?
 Yeah, we should.
 OK, it is time for our final fact of the show.
 And that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that it is really easy
 to beat chimpanzees at the game Rock Paper Scissors.
 Yeah, they're shit at it.
 Chimpanzees have recently been taught to play.
 Stone Paper Scissors, Rock Paper Scissors,
 Rush Ambo, whatever you call the game.
 And they actually-- the flip side is,
 they actually know how to play Stone Paper Scissors.
 It's amazing.
 And they can learn it to the level of what
 a four-year-old would learn it.
 So you could actually, at the moment,
 they've only been playing with computer simulation.
 So playing against a computer or an iPad.
 But if you were to play them, you could actually
 have a genuine game with the movements of Rock Paper Scissors
 and beat them.
 The reason you can beat them is they're really bad at learning
 from their mistakes.
 So whereas four-year-olds will make a mistake
 and go, I need to adjust.
 chimpanzees will be like, I'll use paper again.
 And then afterwards, when they're beating again,
 they'll be like, I'll go for paper this time.
 And then when you beat them again, he's
 not going to see what's coming next.
 Good old trusty paper.
 And then--
 If I was playing against them, I might think
 they're not going to be stupid enough to go for paper again.
 That's why I would probably lose.
 I still saw about the matter she lost.
 Actually, they're a lot better than you'd think, then.
 It's interesting, because it took them--
 the chimpanzees who learned it-- I think on seven chimpanzees
 and five of them managed to master it.
 It did take them 100 days to learn it.
 So it's a very, very long time for them to learn.
 Yeah, there it is.
 It's a simple game.
 I mean, I don't want to brag.
 I got it in about 30 days, anyway.
 But the really tricky thing that the chimpanzees didn't get
 was the circular nature of it.
 So they understood rock beat scissors.
 And then they understood, OK, scissors beat paper.
 But they found it hard to get the head around paper
 then beats rock.
 Really?
 That makes it even more weird that they
 went for paper every time.
 [LAUGHTER]
 But actually, I'm with them.
 Why does paper beat rock?
 I mean, I know it covers it.
 You're rapping.
 You're rapping.
 But that's not beaten, is it?
 I mean, scissors is actually demolishing the paper, isn't it?
 And the rock is demolishing the scissors.
 Yeah, but if you hide a rock in some paper,
 you can smuggle it into a recycling bin.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Got it.
 Yeah.
 In Japan, it's a tiger village chief
 and the village chief's mother, right?
 And that's that sort of thing.
 And so the village chief's mother kills the village chief,
 because she's angry with him.
 The village chief kills the tiger,
 and the tiger kills the village chief's mother.
 Do you know the Indonesian version?
 No.
 And human elephant.
 So the human tramples the elephant--
 [LAUGHTER]
 There's tiny elephants, they have an Indonesian.
 I think I got confused between ant and elephant and--
 and it focks me.
 Sorry.
 The human tramples the ant.
 The human tramples the ant.
 Then the elephant squashes the human.
 But then the ant beats the elephant by--
 The tramples it.
 Yeah.
 Is that the ant gets into the elephant's ear,
 and it tickles it?
 Ah.
 Really?
 I read that the ant crawls up the elephant's trunk
 and eats its brain.
 Maybe-- oh, sorry, I have a sick--
 Oh, I had parental guide long on.
 [LAUGHTER]
 It's-- so I am very confused by the chimp fight.
 I didn't realize they were less good than us,
 because there's no such thing as being good at rock paper
 scissors.
 There is no strategy.
 You can't love for me on mistakes,
 because we all basically make the same mistakes,
 and we can't really predict each other.
 Particularly.
 I mean, if you're really a pro, if you may be--
 If you've obviously not been on the rock paper scissors website,
 they have a lot of tactics on that.
 One thing is if your opponent pays scissors in the first go,
 you can tell by how wide the scissors
 is what they're going to do in the next go.
 No, you can't.
 Well, no, you can't.
 I mean, they say you can.
 They have another-- apparently, this is a trendy strategy.
 It's the exclusion strategy.
 OK, so you never play say rock, and you keep doing different ones.
 You keep doing paper or scissors, and your opponent just
 gets obsessed by the fact that you've never played rock,
 and it just fucks with their mind.
 That's great.
 It's a good idea, right?
 And that's the trendy strategy.
 That's the trendy one.
 Now, that's how to be cool as someone who
 subscribes to rockpapersizzas.com.
 You don't actually have to subscribe to a website.
 You can just-- you can just go there and then go away.
 Some of them you do, like, hamsterpawn.com.
 Children are very hard to play at rockpapersizzas.
 I mean, they're very good at playing it,
 because their choices are genuinely random.
 Yeah.
 They haven't yet mastered the gambits that James is discussing,
 so they're much likely just to go with whatever.
 And that makes them quite hard to beat.
 Right.
 Yeah, that makes a lot of sense.
 You don't want to overthink it.
 Hey, I found a cool thing about chimpanzees.
 Chimpanzees can recognize each other by face, like we do.
 But if they're just walking along and a chimpanzee's
 facing the other way, and the butt is showing,
 they'll see the butt and be like, Greg, they
 have an understanding of Bums that they can just--
 if you put like a lineup of Bums in front of them,
 they'd be like Mark Sonia, Alice, John.
 Is that what chimp lineups are?
 Is it like any of these people, the people who pick
 pocketed you the other day, Mrs. Chimp?
 And then she's like that bum there, yeah.
 Yeah, it's good, because once you've robbed someone,
 you run away, don't you?
 So you're likely to see the bum.
 Perfect.
 Yes.
 Exactly.
 Oh, there was-- I heard an amazing burl-growry.
 Burl-- burl-growry.
 Rubbery?
 Rubbery, right?
 We did the audiobook the other day for the book that we've done.
 And it took forever for me to say basic words like that.
 The best one was when you misread February as January.
 It was truly bizarre.
 Yeah, so there was this fact that we found the other day,
 which is that a burglar is always most likely
 going to knock on your door before they burgle you.
 Isn't that weird?
 Is that so they can check if someone's in?
 Yeah, basically.
 Yeah, that makes sense.
 If you're going to get robbed, they're just always
 going to knock for us, like in a polite fashion,
 as opposed to just breaking a window or whatever.
 Yeah, I don't think it's our politeness that they're doing it,
 but yeah.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So have you read the thing about chimps
 that they, according to the New York Times,
 have the ability to cook if only someone would give them
 an oven?
 This is what scientists--
 I'm like that.
 This is something the scientists have just concluded.
 And they did this in a study where the researcher in Volvo
 said, we invented a magic cooking device
 to test it on the chimps.
 As they explained it, it's two plastic bowls.
 And the chimps are raw potato in one of the plastic bowls.
 And then in the other one, there's a cooked potato,
 and you maneuver the bowls to make the chimps think
 that his raw potato has been cooked.
 Why this guy didn't just use the already existing oven
 that we have, I don't know.
 But it turns out that chimps do prefer--
 if you give them a bit of raw potato,
 they prefer to put it in the plastic bowl that will then
 magically cook the potato and then to eat the cooked potato.
 Then just to eat it raw.
 And so that kind of shows that chimps have self-control.
 They're willing to postpone the potato to make it taste nicer.
 And also, according to the scientists who did the experiment,
 it said, it shows they have the causal understanding
 to make the leap to cooking, which I would argue,
 believing that you're putting a raw potato into a plastic bowl
 and then leaving it for 10 seconds before getting a cooked one,
 is not having the causal understanding.
 Yeah, that's true.
 I didn't know they preferred cooked food.
 Yeah, neither did I.
 But I don't know how my microwave works.
 If you told me that some scientists just
 replace it with a cooked risotto.
 I'll buy it.
 OK, should we wrap up?
 OK, that is all our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we've said over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on that Shri Beland.
 You Andy or--
 Excuse me.
 Me, Andy.
 Chuckle Brothers.
 I can't see what that was, Bruce Porsoy.
 Um, it's an anti-clomax now, but Andrew Hunter M.
 James?
 It's James Harkin.
 And Chazinski.
 You can email podcasts at qi.com.
 Yeah, or you can go to our group account, which is at no such thing.
 You can also go to our website, nosuchthingasaffish.com.
 And there's every episode that we've done that's up there.
 You can get links to every bit of our tour.
 You can also buy our new book, The Book of the Year.
 It's out November 2nd, and we're about to give one away, actually,
 to one of the members of the audience who sent us a fact.
 James, you've got the facts.
 I have.
 It is from Scott Robinson.
 And the fact is that cleaning your teeth
 is the only time you get to clean your skeleton.
 That's so cool.
 So creepy.
 So creepy.
 Is that true?
 That's our skeleton?
 Not quite true, you just said.
 Whoa, we've not had this on the show before.
 Who shouted fight?
 I think what we can do is a game of rock paper scissors.
 Oh, yes, yes.
 So this guy here, who, the quibbler, I'm going to call you.
 If you show in front of your chest what you want to do for rock paper scissors,
 and then we'll get Scott to shout out what he wants to do,
 and we'll see if there's a winner.
 Oh, wow.
 This is so exciting.
 So wait, I can't see it.
 Yeah, I can see it.
 I can see it.
 OK, Scott shout out.
 What have you got?
 His Scott's the winner.
 Yeah, it was me.
 Scott, come and grab a book from us.
 We'll be here.
 You went for paper.
 Let's do it again.
 He'll never do paper again.
 Oh, that.
 He won't do paper.
 OK, well, we'll be back again next week with another episode.
 Thank you so much for being here, everyone.
 Thank you so, so much.
 We'll see you again next week.
 Goodbye.
 [CHEERING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
