 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Hello, and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing
 as a Fish, a weekly podcast this week coming to you live
 from Berlin.
 [CHEERING]
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I am sitting here with Anichezinski, Andrew Hunter Murray,
 and James Harkin.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days.
 And in a particular order, here, we go, starting with you.
 Andy, my fact is that pigeons make better coast gods
 than people.
 Well, in one specific way, what you're saying
 is they can fly down and pull people out of the sea, maybe.
 Wouldn't that be nice?
 They look good in a red swimsuit.
 No, they definitely do.
 So this was an experiment that was
 done by the United States Coast Guard in 1976.
 They knew that pigeons have really good eyesight,
 and they started training them to spot people
 who were lost at sea.
 So the coast god will fly up in a helicopter,
 and they had a little observation bubble
 on the bottom of the helicopter.
 And they put a pigeon in there, and the pigeon
 was strapped on a special couch.
 So like on a sofa, they were on a little mini sofa.
 And you must have been half terrified
 and half very comfortable.
 Yeah.
 And they were trained these pigeons
 to, whenever they saw in the ocean below them, a tiny scrap
 of colored fabric, representing a person floating in the sea,
 they were trained to pick a button.
 And that hit a light in the cockpit.
 And the pilot would know, OK, there might be someone down there.
 Pigeons could do it 93% of the time.
 They saw the bit of fabric.
 Humans only managed it 38% of the time.
 Wow.
 There's a huge difference.
 Although, wasn't there a thing in this where humans
 managed it 38% of the time, the first time round?
 And then they were told that the pigeons were beating them.
 And then the next time round, they managed it just over 50% of the time.
 Yeah, that's true.
 That's crazy.
 It's a good way to motivate people as to tell them
 a pigeon is doing better than you at this, you know, over the game.
 OK.
 The thing, though, the problem is, is I didn't realize
 they were on sofas.
 The problem is, as a sofa, it's a very comfortable seating
 position that you often fall asleep in as you're hanging out.
 What they thought of this, so they're kidding.
 Well, were you on this scientific team, Dan?
 The pigeons in the helicopters, they
 had to be kept at a very specific level of hunger.
 They needed to be kept ambitious for food.
 So that was how they did it.
 But it was really-- it was a very successful operation.
 And five years later, in 1981, it was officially
 recommended that pigeons should be inducted into the US Coast Guard.
 And that's why, if you're in the scene now,
 and you look back, you always see them on the top of those ladders,
 you don't know, on the beach, with their jackets.
 So exactly.
 Why are we not seeing that?
 I think technology improved, and pigeons
 have not improved at the same speed as technology.
 It was real shame.
 Also, couldn't they only spot--
 they were only trained to spot three colors, weren't they?
 Like, red-- was it red, orange, and yellow?
 They were trained to spot.
 So-- and that was the colors that they were trained to pick
 when they saw them out of sea.
 So it's only if someone is drowning, wearing red, orange,
 or yellow.
 Yeah, but those are three of the big colors.
 It's not like they trained them to spot move, and teal,
 and--
 No, you're right.
 --a serulian, that would obviously
 be a waste of resources.
 You're totally right.
 And also, if you're wearing blue, at sea,
 and you fall in, then--
 --if you're on fault.
 Yeah.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So pigeons are good at a lot of things.
 A lot of other things.
 They can be trained to identify breast cancer
 by looking at images of biopsies.
 And once they're trained, they can get
 an average diagnostic accuracy of 85%.
 But when you do a flock-sourcing system,
 well, basically, you get a load of pigeons,
 and you get them to agree whether there's a problem there or not.
 They can get up to 99%.
 What?
 Whoa!
 So what you're comparing individual responses?
 Yeah, so you get a load of pigeons,
 and you know, what do you think of this?
 No, you're not getting--
 you're not getting a load of pigeons to vote on.
 Tell me it's worse than that current system.
 Don't worry, we've got a top team working on this.
 They're on their little coats.
 And have they tried motivating doctors to do better
 by telling them that pigeons are more efficient than they are?
 Because I think we should start doing this on the podcast.
 I actually think we should set up a company
 where you get little speakers in workplaces that just go,
 "Cool."
 And that sort of means, "I'm after your job."
 They were amazing in their pigeons.
 So I saw a pigeon do something so cool the other day,
 and I really, really messaged you guys.
 Really?
 This is really into a fact.
 So I saw a pigeon do a submissal,
 and I'd forgotten that this happens.
 And I remembered that we'd mentioned that geese wiffle
 they split to the side.
 So I was about to send you a message saying,
 "There's a pigeon impersonating a geese."
 A geese? Sure.
 A geese.
 "You're German, you don't know our plurals, do you?"
 So it wasn't a land-based submissal.
 It was an airborne--
 Well, it wasn't an airborne one.
 So they can do the airborne submissals.
 But then, yeah, you've got these Birmingham rollers
 who submissal for living.
 So that's a kind of pigeon.
 A Birmingham roller is a kind of pigeon,
 and they can't fly beyond a few months old,
 but they can do constant back flips.
 And what I read says, they do involuntary back flips.
 How annoying is that doing involuntary back flips?
 And they have races, so they are pigeons
 that compete in a lot of competitions.
 Well, humans compete using them,
 and to see how far they can backflip.
 And I think the record is just over 200 meters.
 But the pigeon is repeatedly doing back flips.
 And this is what you saw the other day, a 200 meter long.
 No, I just saw a pigeon do a submissal,
 and it made me think, that's funny.
 That would be, I would feel,
 imagine you went to see your pigeon doctor,
 and he did a back flip just before he told you your news.
 You'd think it was going to be good.
 So it was a good--
 I'm afraid that was an involuntary back flip.
 And he was very bad.
 Oh, no, it got to pigeon.
 And this is why they haven't got far in the medical profession,
 because it's seen as incense to visit.
 Wow, well, that's very cool.
 What a special thing to see.
 Yeah, so cool.
 They are also very useful, generally, and have been--
 Hey, it's a cool thing.
 You know, when pigeons are walking on the street,
 and you see them bobbin away like that,
 I think we've mentioned this on QI.
 I don't think we've done it on the podcast,
 but if you put them on a treadmill,
 they stop bobbing their head.
 So if anyone ever wants to see a bobbless pigeon,
 pop them on a treadmill, do we know why?
 Yeah.
 OK?
 I mean--
 [LAUGHTER]
 Well, the scientists know why I--
 I read a bit.
 What did it say in the headline?
 It didn't say it in the headline.
 But hang on, hang on.
 OK, so what it is, is it turns out they're not doing it
 as a part of a movement need for equilibrium as they're
 walking.
 What it is is visually to understand the space around them.
 They need to do it.
 It's purely for spatial awareness.
 So what it is is we have saccade in our eyes.
 I think this is it.
 So our eyes kind of move around all the time,
 and that's how we can see things.
 If they always stay completely still,
 you won't be able to see anything.
 Now, pigeons and most birds don't have that.
 And so the way they see things is by always moving their head
 around.
 Yes.
 And then when you put them on a treadmill--
 Yeah.
 --and that's why I stopped reading the article.
 But where is the one?
 That doesn't make--
 The surroundings will stay the same if they're on a treadmill.
 Who knows?
 But they still got to see.
 What if a threat comes?
 They can't just stop being able to see,
 because you put them on a treadmill.
 Well, when have you ever seen an eagle on a treadmill?
 Mate, she's seen a pigeon submissile.
 I think she's probably seen everything.
 I go to a very specialist gym.
 Sorry?
 It's the other way around.
 They put the treadmill on the bridge.
 Oh, yeah.
 They do a forward submissile.
 Which one are we wrong about?
 [INAUDIBLE]
 You know, most comedy gives you go to.
 It's just, you're a shit.
 Do you know, I think that was a long wind of wave saying
 you're a shit to be honest.
 So another use for pigeons.
 Yeah.
 You can use pigeons as fireworks.
 What?
 But it's frowned on.
 It's very much not frowned on.
 And the reason is that fireworks are very bad for the environment.
 OK.
 So what you can do, but if you still want lights in the sky,
 and you don't mind a little bit of animal cruelty,
 then you can attach--
 Keep talking.
 You can attach lights to the legs of trained pigeons
 and get them to fly in certain formations.
 And it gives you the lights in the sky,
 but without the fireworks stuff.
 Oh, that's cool.
 That's very cool.
 That happened in Brooklyn a few years ago.
 Cool.
 We need to move on in a second to our next fact.
 Oh, I've got a few more things about the way
 is animal sea, because it's about animal vision.
 So I never knew this before.
 Swallowtail butterflies.
 There is a particular species of butterfly.
 They have eyes on their penises
 to help them position themselves during sex.
 And the females also have genital eyes,
 so they can position themselves.
 And they try--
 They kind of make sense when you think they're there.
 Yeah.
 And they make-- because they also--
 You could just attach your GoPro to yours.
 And then they would do the same thing.
 These problem for these butterflies
 is they mate facing away from each other.
 So it's very hard for them to know, even
 if they're in the same room as the partner.
 And the way they found this out was
 that they tried blindfolding Swallowtail butterfly penises.
 And they found that a successful mating collapsed.
 Oh, my God.
 Wow.
 Do they use the eyes for other things?
 Like, if you're married, can they be like,
 I saw you throw that in the non-recycling bin.
 But what will you do with your cock at the recycling bin?
 OK, we should probably move on to our next fact.
 I don't know what's going on tonight.
 This is--
 It is time for fact number two.
 And that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that concrete is stronger
 if you make it with carrots.
 This is a new finding.
 This is from Lancaster University.
 And they did these tests where they
 started blending up extracts from carrots and other root
 vegetables into just a household blender with concrete.
 And they mixed it up.
 And they used it.
 And they found that it has incredible--
 it has resistance to cracks, which is far higher
 than you would get in your average concrete.
 And it's 80% stronger than what you would buy in a shop
 as an average concrete.
 So this is in early stages for testing,
 but possibly the concrete of the future will be carrot based.
 That's really good.
 And one big advantage of it is when
 you put these little molecules in there,
 because they're like plants, basically,
 they can lock up more CO2 than normal concrete would do.
 So actually, it's good for the environments as well.
 Oh, that is good.
 Yeah, massively, because concrete is very bad for the environment.
 Yeah, it is.
 It's really bad.
 Yeah, yeah.
 It's very, very bad.
 You don't need to tell the people about how bad concrete is.
 Get this. So humans have been making concrete for 9,000 years.
 And that's-- yeah.
 But the oldest concrete in the world
 is 12 million years old.
 Wait.
 Yes.
 It is.
 Was that the same person from before?
 She won't believe anything we say.
 On nemesis, the expert in everything has arrived.
 Who was making that then?
 Pigeons. No, no.
 It's naturally occurring.
 So it's from a place where there was some limestone
 and some oil combusted naturally.
 I think it's in Israel is where this site has been found.
 And they found this basically natural concrete.
 That's really good.
 Is it, presumably, it's bad for the environment,
 so I'll just go back to that, because there's just so much of it.
 So it's the manufacturing process.
 It produces a lot of carbon dioxide, the manufacturing.
 Yeah, because I didn't realize it is the most widely used
 material in the world, concrete.
 Which is kind of extraordinary.
 And they do this amazing thing with it.
 So I was reading about the building of the Burj Khalifa, which
 is still the tallest building in the world, isn't it?
 The Burj Khalifa.
 And so that is six-- so that's almost entirely made of concrete.
 And the way they do it, the way they get concrete to the top of it,
 used to be that you'd have these big blocks of concrete.
 And you'd have to transport them to the top of a building
 and dump them on top.
 But now there's the technology for you
 to pump up liquid concrete to the top of a building.
 And so they had a vertical concrete tube,
 and they just pump up concrete, 606 meters.
 It's incredible.
 So you need an enormous amount of pressure
 for this fluid to be pumped.
 But yeah, and there's obviously the technology behind that
 is bizarre.
 Like, even carrying this tube, carrying the weight of 606 meters
 worth of concrete is pretty incredible.
 And I was really an interviewer and engineer who
 worked on it, actually.
 And he was explaining how they trialled the system
 on the Burj Khalifa by doing it horizontally
 through pipes in the desert first.
 And then he said they had to source the pump from Germany,
 obviously, he said, we used a good German pump
 from someone who's stuck out.
 And the pump itself is called Putzmeister, which, as he pointed out,
 is a great name for a pump.
 So the Putzmeister made the Burj Khalifa.
 Speaking of concrete, Dan, do you know any animals
 that can dig through concrete?
 I do.
 Because you've said this once on the podcast, haven't you?
 I have said this on the podcast.
 So here's the fact, which these three question the truth of.
 If you corner a badger in a car park,
 it can escape you by digging through the concrete within--
 yes, way-- within 30 seconds.
 That's very strong.
 Yeah.
 That is a concrete abadge.
 Yeah, it's impossible.
 Why?
 They've got incredibly sharp nails.
 I bet they have.
 But they have.
 Of course they have.
 But concrete's really hard.
 Anyway, I'm going to hand over to my colleague
 who I think has more information than me.
 So I know that you've said this on the podcast,
 and we always take the Mickey out of you for it.
 But I did find that there is an animal that
 can dig through concrete.
 And that is the Indian pangolin.
 And they have been reported digging through concrete
 and into houses.
 They have extremely powerful claws
 that they would normally use for opening up thermite nests.
 So there is an animal that can dig through concrete.
 Wait, so do you believe that?
 Well, this is true.
 Let's put facts aside for a second.
 And I was also looking into if there was any--
 I really, really did look to see if badgers
 could go through concrete.
 I really did look.
 And the best I could find is there
 was a story in the news a few years ago
 about an American badger who was captured
 burying the carcass of a cow.
 Oh, it was a true concrete.
 But he just basically found his dead cow.
 And he spent about three or four nights digging a hole
 so that he could put the cow into it
 and then cover it all over so that no one could find it.
 Exactly.
 It's to stop predators from being able to eat it.
 So they think, oh, it's not like a dead cow was here.
 Oh, it's gone.
 And then they go away.
 And then the badger will go down underneath and eat it.
 See, I know a lot about badgers.
 So I'm telling you that this is a true thing.
 Have you guys heard of--
 this is not the technical term, but "crunchable concrete."
 No.
 This is-- I find this amazing.
 So do you remember there's been some cases where
 planes, as they've landed or are taking off,
 have overshot the runway?
 That's a big problem, because there's no method
 to stop them at that kind of speed.
 So a concrete has been invented,
 which has been nicknamed "crunchable concrete,"
 has been around for a while, which
 is it's an extra stretch of a runway for an airport.
 But the concrete is made a bit softer, which
 means it can't hold the weight of an airplane.
 So as soon as the airplane overshoots,
 and it goes on to this crunchable concrete,
 it's the equivalent of, say, riding a bicycle
 that you can't stop into sand.
 It slowly starts slowing you down by the fact
 that you are slowly dipping into it.
 And that's the thing that they have at many airports
 around the world.
 Wow.
 That's really clever.
 Surprise, Mark.
 Do you know why washing machines are so heavy?
 Is it because they have concrete in them?
 Yes.
 No, I've told this the wrong way around.
 Have you just think of any household items
 that might have concrete in it?
 Brilliant.
 Yes.
 Is it a washing machine?
 Yeah, it's a washing machine.
 I didn't know this, and this is a bit sort of--
 I've never heard this.
 I've not heard this.
 This is not a very sexy fact.
 But most washing machines have, in the top of them,
 a 25 kilo block of concrete, which
 is to hold it steady when it's spinning
 in the later stages of the cycle.
 That's what makes a washing machine so heavy.
 They're not very heavy, except they've all
 got this massive lump of concrete.
 And this is obviously very inefficient
 because transporting washing machines,
 because they're so heavy, it uses a lot more fuel.
 So a student in Nottingham has invented--
 or he's thought of this system--
 where you replace the concrete with an empty plastic container.
 And then you can just fill that up with water
 when you need 25 kilos weight at the top of the machine.
 And then you can just empty it out at the end of the cycle.
 So it's lighter to transport.
 It would save thousands of tons of carbon dioxide
 just shipping it around.
 We don't need just thought of that.
 We only just thought of that.
 We need to put pigeons on more and actually apply us to sign jobs.
 We have to move on in a second.
 Oh, concrete-- you know, reinforced concrete.
 Most buildings with concrete are made of reinforced concrete,
 which is concrete with big metal bars all the way
 through a metal framework.
 That was initially used only for flower pots.
 No one thought of using it for buildings.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 That's amazing.
 There was a French gardener contrastive money,
 and he was unhappy with the flower pots available to him.
 And he thought, I need a really tough flower pot.
 And he devised a new version with steel mesh.
 And that was the first reinforced concrete.
 Just quickly on water and concrete,
 water actually is really good for concrete at the start.
 So it hardens it because it's having the concrete reacts
 with the water and it causes it to harden.
 But this is actually related to something
 we've said on the show before, which I have to update.
 So in episode 44, we pointed out that
 Roman concrete is better than ours.
 So concrete that was made 2,000, more than 2,000 years ago,
 is stronger than ours.
 And we don't know why.
 And we have since found out why.
 And it's because it's made of this combination
 of volcanic ash and seawater and lumps of volcanic rock,
 which is called potelana.
 And the volcanic rock actually reacts with the seawater.
 And it hardens it.
 So the seawater creates different chemical bonds
 within the concrete and it hardens it.
 So we know how they did that now.
 So does that mean, sorry, to interrupt?
 Does that mean at the start, it wasn't as good as ours.
 And over the years, it's gotten much better.
 Because the seawater has hardened it.
 It was basically jelly, the pantheon at the start.
 [LAUGHTER]
 The pantheon is still 2,000 years old.
 The largest unreinforced concrete dome in the world.
 It is incredible.
 And then we just forgot how to make proper concrete.
 And we've just remembered, so that's celebrate.
 [APPLAUSE]
 OK, it is time for us to move on to fact number three.
 And that is James.
 OK, my fact this week is that head allows clinics.
 Always see an uptick in business when a new Pixar movie comes out.
 Why is this?
 Is it because children are sitting near each other or changing?
 Well, to children all in the same place.
 You're going to get lots of nits and headlights.
 And this is a real thing.
 So this was an interview with a lady called Melissa Shalide,
 who owns two hair salons in California.
 And she says that whenever these children movies come out,
 you get all children who go together
 and the lice they go from one head to another.
 And it's not just that.
 It's selfies is another thing, which
 is causing lots of head lice in young people.
 Another thing is playing on a sports team.
 So when you get in a huddle, if they like to jump
 between one head and another, and also during Halloween,
 because people try on Halloween costumes
 and they just pass them on to each other.
 Although we should say so, they don't jump.
 They don't jump.
 So they don't jump from one head to another, which is something
 I always find bizarre that I don't have children,
 so I don't know if they spend their time rubbing heads constantly.
 But I just can't believe that happens that often.
 So they can't jump.
 They can't fly.
 They just have to walk.
 And children are jamming their heads together long enough.
 All these things are just walkie-walkie-walkie.
 Yeah.
 On to another head.
 I always had head lice in Australia, like constantly.
 I had like in my genuinely constantly in my bathroom.
 I had a normal brush, and I had my head lice brush.
 Every day, I would just do a quick extra swoop.
 And I can't remember putting my head next to other heads.
 Oh, thank God for that.
 But what was I doing with it?
 Because I'd get rid of it, it'd be gone.
 And then suddenly, I'm capped in lice again.
 And I don't know what that was.
 Yeah, weird.
 I became quite fond of them.
 I became quite fond of them, really.
 Yeah.
 Because you can see with lice, if they--
 because they suck on blood, obviously.
 You can see the bit of red that fills it up.
 And I would-- mine were well fed.
 Well, the other thing with head lice
 is not everyone gets itchy with them.
 It's only if you're allergic to the saliva
 that you get head lice.
 You winch your heads.
 And actually, that is most people.
 But there are some people who aren't allergic to it.
 And those people wouldn't know that they had head lice
 until the head starts crawling around.
 Yes, yeah.
 OK.
 But we should say, you listening to this now,
 you will feel your head itching now.
 That is normal.
 You don't have lice.
 There is a condition called delusional parasitosis
 where you think you're infested even if you're not.
 So that's a proper condition.
 But what you're feeling is normal.
 Although we've got-- so we've got three kinds of lice.
 We've got head lice, which live in the hair.
 There are body lice, which actually live in the seams
 of your clothing.
 So as long as you change your clothing more than once a month,
 you're basically fine.
 What's the date today?
 And of course, there's our old chums, the pubic lice.
 Why are you?
 As they get called, trouser shrimps.
 So--
 But they are two branches of the same family
 that they split about 80,000 years ago.
 And one went north and one went south, basically.
 And they can't-- this is something I found out.
 Because they are now so different in their physicality,
 apparently, they won't interbreed
 except under laboratory conditions.
 So you can make it happen when there's
 a nice sofa there for them to have.
 I think they can't go on the other part of hair,
 because the claws are the wrong shapes, right?
 Yeah, is that right?
 Yeah, they're the wrong size.
 Yeah, what's interesting, as well, is that as we get older,
 as we become adults, our heads become a bit more acidic
 and lice don't like that.
 That's why they're predominantly found in children.
 And so you get any groups of children getting together.
 That happens.
 And James read out a list of places
 where that is likely to happen.
 Another place that happened was on the set of Harry Potter
 and the Chamber of Secrets.
 Oh, no.
 Yeah.
 The kids, all of the kids, got so infested
 with a lice outbreak that was happening
 that they had to hold to them.
 That's why in the third film, they've all got shaved heads.
 I never thought of that before.
 Yeah, it's not in the books.
 So yeah, so they had to halt filming
 and they brought nurses in who had to spend ages
 delousing them all.
 And they have specific nurses, apparently.
 So there are lice doctors, which is, in fact,
 lice doctors is one chain of lice pickers,
 professional lice pickers, and they're one of many.
 And in fact, there was a study into lice,
 into how immune they are to various treatments in 2015.
 And they recruited lots of professional lice comers,
 which is weird, because you don't have to be very skilled
 to comb lice out of your hair.
 But this is what people are doing.
 This is present day.
 Present day, yeah.
 Because in the Victorian times, there was a role in hospitals
 which was chief bug catcher, and it was for lice.
 And they, at the time, in the 18th century,
 were paid more than surgeons were paid.
 According to a very good source, Lindsay E. Fitzpatrick,
 who writes about this era and medical curiosities,
 she said that there was a guy called Andrew Cook,
 who claimed to have cleaned up more than 20,000 beds
 that were all lice ridden.
 And yes, it was a huge--
 It makes sense.
 It was a massive disease cause.
 I mean, you would focus on that.
 But we should be clear.
 Headlights can't do anything.
 I don't know why people make such a fuss about them.
 They can't harm you at all.
 And in fact, other cultures and other people in history
 have been much more sensible about them.
 So they used to be given as gifts between friends and lovers.
 So for sure.
 What?
 There's a thing in the Aztec period.
 Montezuma, you know, the great Aztec emperor,
 he used to collect lice.
 And people would give them to him as offerings.
 And in fact, he eventually employed someone
 to go and collect head lice off his subjects
 and bring them to him so he could keep them in boxes.
 So I think, in fact, when the Europeans got there,
 they saw all these all-nate boxes.
 And thought, you must have pearls and jewelry in there.
 And they opened them.
 They were just full of dead lice.
 Because it was a nice thing to collect.
 Well, apparently with the Incas,
 there was a thing of tax collectors at the time.
 And one of the things for older people who, for goods,
 bought and so on, they didn't want to tax as highly,
 it would be a symbolic handing over of lice to them.
 As a, that would be the tax.
 You can have six of my lice.
 To be introduced, post-Brexit, actually,
 when no one can afford actual money.
 I'm going to be rich.
 [LAUGHTER]
 OK, it is time for our final fact of the show.
 And that is Anna.
 My fact this week is that, in 1926, Poland
 sent the US a birthday card that was signed
 by a sixth of its population, which was very generous.
 That's incredible.
 Of them.
 So this was this amazing moment.
 It was back in the time when Poland was incredibly grateful
 to America because it considered America
 as having basically saved its skin in First World War
 and given it independence for the first time in about 150 years.
 And so it-- and then afterwards, Poland
 would have been destitute, as would almost all of Europe
 had America not given a lot of charity money.
 So as this thank you, they sent a 30,000-page long card
 on the 4th of July.
 30,000 pages?
 It was 30,000 pages long.
 Or it was actually late because it took a long time
 to get the signatures.
 So it arrived in October.
 It was meant to arrive on the 4th of July.
 We all do that for birthdays, that's fine.
 I was just thinking in the office, whenever it's someone's birthday,
 and they give you a card, and you have to sign it.
 And by the time five people have done all the different possible
 ways of saying happy birthday, you've got nothing left to say,
 what up to 30,000 people have said it?
 Yeah, imagine the imagination of a 30,000-pull.
 Imagine having a great one to do, and you read through them all,
 and the last one before you finally hit it.
 No, wait, it's more than 30,000 people.
 Sorry, that's how many pages.
 Yeah.
 So it was 30,000 pages, and it was 5.5 million people sign it.
 What?
 It's really got around.
 They delivered it in the form of 111 bound volumes.
 But it's quite useful now, because it's all been digitized,
 and Polish Americans can do family history research,
 and they can look up where their ancestors were,
 and which cities and towns they came from.
 But the thing is, a lot of the people who signed
 were children who were being forced to sign it.
 Yeah, they sent blank pages.
 So they had this massive book they were going to send,
 and various pages went to various different bits of Poland.
 And they sent it to the army, and to cycling clubs,
 and to banks.
 Loot singers, apparently, gave a very good offering,
 and they all sent back stuff that was quite personal to them.
 So some of Poland's most famous artists
 did works of art in there.
 Cool.
 Just some greeting cards, and being sent a lot of them.
 Do you know there's a Guinness World record for the person
 who has received most--
 OK, look at those birthday cards.
 Most get well cards.
 Oh, get well cards, yeah.
 So just for the idea of being sent a card,
 there's a Guinness World record.
 It's a guy called Craig Shurgold.
 He was very ill, and his friends decided
 to do a chain letter, and this was, I think, in 1991,
 that went out on the internet that said,
 send a get well card or a greeting card to Craig,
 and let him know that you're thinking of him.
 He eventually, by May 1991, received 33 million cards.
 It just went so massive.
 It went so big.
 But the biggest problem was, is that he actually
 got better, which was fantastic.
 It was amazing.
 And he was really ill.
 He shouldn't have got better by, according to the doctors.
 And he did.
 It's fantastic.
 The doctor is doing back flips all over the place.
 Are you happy that I'm better?
 No, no, these are all involuntary.
 No, but so he received.
 In that time, 33 million, but the chain letter
 kept going around to different countries,
 the name kept changing on it as well.
 So he just kept receiving different bits of cards
 from people all around the world.
 And so it said that since 1989, he has now
 received 350 million greeting cards.
 It got, unfortunately, he died when
 he was crushed to death by a big pile of greeting cards.
 It got so big that the royal mail gave him
 his own postal code for his house,
 because it was just such a deluge.
 And he used to give interviews about how exciting it wasn't
 stuff.
 He doesn't.
 He's gone behind the scenes now.
 He's not a public figure.
 The only time he really comes out and talks to the press
 is to say, please stop sending me comments.
 Well, at least you haven't republicized it tonight.
 There were a couple of guys in 2016.
 They were American inventors, sort of inventors
 of fun silly products.
 They came up with a greetings card
 that you can send to new parents.
 And it has a button inside.
 And when you press it, it starts
 to play the sound of a baby screaming,
 which lasts for three hours, and which will keep going,
 even if you destroy the card.
 And every time you press the button again to make it stop,
 it gets slightly louder.
 Wow.
 And where can I buy this card?
 They sold out.
 I don't know.
 That is amazing.
 That should actually win an award
 in the International Cards Award Ceremony.
 That is the best card I've ever heard of.
 Is that a thing?
 And that is a thing.
 So what do you get for congratulations
 if you win it from your friends?
 You get the screamer.
 No, this is the International greetings card awards competition
 or the Louise, as they're known.
 So they're held in America.
 They have been since 1988.
 And they seem to be quite a big deal.
 They're named after the father or the grandfather
 of greetings cards, who was actually
 a German immigrant to America called Louise Prang.
 And he made the first line of Christmas cards in about 1875.
 And so yeah, they have this big competition.
 And the winners are announced in May
 during the National Stationary Show, which I know
 will all be attending next year.
 We've missed it this year, sadly.
 It was a few days ago.
 But the greetings cards association director said,
 there is nothing like the genuine and lasting connection
 you get from receiving and sending a greetings card.
 And he is called Pete Dockety, which I really like to think
 that Pete Dockety has been moonlighting
 as the head of a greetings card.
 Well, baby shambles have played on this stage.
 How do they?
 Yeah, really.
 Well, but not recently, because he's
 been very busy at the National Stationary Competition.
 Just on Christmas cards, just while we're talking about it.
 If you're an atheist or a skeptic, obviously,
 Christmas cards isn't your thing.
 So there's an alternative that's been created.
 And it is celebrating the fact that Isaac Newton
 was born on the 25th of December.
 So it's called Newtonmas.
 And Newtonmas is a--
 the skeptic society have a party around Christmas time.
 And that's what it will celebrate.
 And they send each other Newtonmas cards as well.
 And inside, it reads, "Reasons greetings."
 [APPLAUSE]
 The smallest greetings card in the world
 is so small that you could fit 200 million of them
 on a single stamp.
 Wow.
 It's been made by some scientists.
 It's not a practical thing.
 But there's also the world's biggest card.
 So the world's biggest greetings card
 is 18 meters tall and 13 meters across.
 It was in India that it was created by a housing company
 for more publicity.
 But so I found that on the biggest card,
 you could fit 46 million stamps.
 So I wondered how many times you could
 fit the smallest card in the world
 onto the largest known card in the world.
 And that's a simple multiplication.
 Yes.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Well, let's hear it anyway.
 Well, no, no, it's just simple multiplication.
 It actually is a really big number.
 And your calculator probably doesn't go that high.
 My calculator didn't go that high.
 I had to go to a special online calculator
 and then really carefully check the answer
 and that I thought I was getting it wrong.
 I'm so sorry.
 I've misjudged this whole situation.
 That does sound quite good.
 I feel like I have.
 Just give us a fucking answer.
 The smallest card ever made could fit on the largest card ever
 made 9,200 trillion times.
 Oh, is that all?
 Yeah.
 Anyway, that's a sum I did earlier today.
 Cool.
 The oldest Valentine's card, the oldest Valentine's card in England,
 was from 1477.
 And it was from Marjorie Brews to her fiancé, John Pastin.
 And in it, she says a few things.
 And then she says, I beseech you that this bill
 be not seen by non-earthly creatures
 save only yourself.
 Anyway, that's on display in the British Library.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And we're going to have to wrap up, guys.
 Well, can I just do it like a really nice birthday card
 facts from Britain, in fact, which is the--
 so Britain's two oldest men are called Al Smith and Bob
 Waiten.
 And they're both 111 now, I think.
 And they were born by coincidence
 on the same day in 1908.
 So Waiten sends Smith a birthday card every year.
 And Smith sends Waiten a birthday card every year.
 And they send these really sweet messages in them.
 So they interviewed one of them recently, actually.
 They interviewed Waiten on his birthday, which
 was the day we were supposed to leave the EU.
 And he said--
 Which one?
 [LAUGHTER]
 I've lost track.
 He actually said, 111 year old man said,
 my own feeling is that there were defects.
 But we shouldn't negotiate from the inside rather than walking
 off the field with the cricket ball and saying,
 I'm not playing.
 Which didn't make me think we should start having
 over 100-year-olds in government.
 But they sent each other these sweet cards.
 So he sent the other guy cards saying, do keep in touch.
 I wish we'd known about each other earlier.
 And then we did it.
 How much is that?
 That is very cool.
 But if they'd known about each other like 50 years earlier,
 it would have just been two random men
 sending each other cards for no reason.
 Yes.
 The whole ceremony can only function
 because the two of them are the oldest men in the country.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I just saw one more thing.
 No.
 Yeah, of course, of course.
 Of course.
 Just because this is about America's birth--
 It's not either the sum, is it?
 It's another sum.
 No, it's not.
 This is about America's birthday, right?
 So the 1926 birthday, which was what?
 150 years of America.
 So good calculation.
 Did you have to go online for that one, as well?
 So 50 years before that would have been 1876,
 which was the 100th birthday of America, right?
 This is not the fact.
 This is not the fact.
 It's just the setup.
 No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
 You sarcastic people.
 Right.
 So they celebrated with a thing called
 the Centennial Exposition in Philadelphia.
 It was this massive, you know, thing
 that affair, basically, they had a human achievement.
 It was in Philadelphia.
 10 million people visited a fifth of the American population.
 There were massive displays.
 They had all kinds of stuff.
 The biggest building in the world.
 It was where they first had Heinz catch up.
 They first had--
 like, they had the arm of the Statue of Liberty
 because they hadn't afforded all the money
 for the actual statue.
 So you could just pay to go up the arm.
 The best thing there was the inventions.
 And the inventions included the first typewriter,
 Alexander Graham Bell's telephone, a calculator,
 a mechanical calculator, which--
 Now I see why you wanted to tell this fact,
 which measured five foot by eight foot,
 which would have come in handy earlier today.
 But the best invention was something called
 the convertible portmanteau, which was a suitcase made
 of rubbercloth, which converted into a bath.
 If you were traveling and there were no baths available,
 you could just have your suitcase which folded into a bath.
 Well, your laptop's going to get wet.
 It feels like you do have to unpack the suitcase first,
 which you would never see.
 I don't know all suitcase is converted into baths.
 If you want them to, I could run the tap in my suitcase.
 Yeah, I hadn't fully considered that.
 Yeah.
 Well, look, thank you for that, eh?
 OK, that is it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you would like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we have said over the course
 of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on our Schreiberland, Andy.
 At Andrew Underem, James.
 At James Harkin.
 And Shazinsky.
 You can email podcast@ky.com.
 Yep, or you can go to our group account, which
 is @nosuchthing or our website.
 Nosuchthing is a fish.com.
 We've got everything up there from our previous episodes.
 We've got upcoming tour dates.
 We have bits of merchandise.
 Thank you so much, Berlin.
 That has been absolutely awesome.
 We'll see you again.
 Good night.
 [CHEERING]
 (upbeat music)
