 Hello and welcome to another episode of "No Such Thing as a Fish" a weekly podcast
 coming to you from the QI offices in Covent Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber, I am sitting here with Andrew Hunter Murray, Anna Chazinski and
 James Harkin and once again we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite
 facts from the last seven days and in no particular order here we go.
 Starting with you, Andy.
 My fact is that the first ever ball pit was inspired by a jar of pickled onions.
 It was a guy who had a massive jar of pickled onions and his son fell into it one day and
 while they were fishing him out they noticed, "Oh he's having a great time" so that's
 not that.
 A guy called Eric McMillan who invented it, it was called a ball crawl back in the good
 old days and he was the subject of a Guardian Longread recently, you know they did these
 great long essays and it's all about playgrounds and how playgrounds were developed and you
 know the original playgrounds and who first thought of doing all this weird stuff for
 children to play in because you know had to be invented and he was this kind of visionary
 who invented all these different methods of playing and one of the things he was working
 on was a place called SeaWorlds, Captain Kids in San Diego in 1976 and he and his colleague
 were looking at a jar of pickled onions and they thought I think that could work.
 So he's seen as the father of soft play because this wasn't the only thing that he created.
 Soft play, I go to a lot these days with my son and they're amazing gymnasiums of balls
 and we are lots of those gymnasiums.
 So you know if you go into if you see kids playing in a sort of big soft play but there's
 the hanging boxing bags and they're things that you punch like a punch bag.
 Exactly.
 You're taking your son to a gym.
 Sounds like it.
 You're a boxing ring, he looks like a mutant now it's so buff, it's so weird.
 Mike for his birthday, didn't you but he can't get anywhere on it.
 Yeah, so you spend a lot of time in soft play.
 So soft players have punching bags for children, no they're hanging and you've got to go
 through them.
 You navigate through them.
 Like a forest of punching bags.
 Exactly, a forest of punching bags.
 Yeah.
 They recreate the natural world, don't you?
 On the ends on the floor and punching bags in the air.
 Apparently the balls were originally used for trapping pollutants inside smokestacks,
 which I can't quite picture but I guess if you had a layer of balls in a chimney so they
 would, you know, the smoke would kind of filter through and cling to the balls on its
 way upwards and so it would take some of the pollutants out.
 What, the balls that they use in kids' ball pits now, originally?
 They originally sourced, yeah, those are the people making those plastic balls at the
 time.
 I don't think they invented the plastic ball.
 That's amazing.
 That's interesting.
 This guy, he came up with the idea of having soft play because he grew up without the soft
 play.
 Right.
 He grew up in North Manchester in the shadow of Strange Way's prison and used to play in
 bombed out buildings and over like burnt out cars and stuff like that.
 Right.
 Although bombed out buildings were the inspiration for the best playgrounds in the world.
 So the adventure playground, the origin was the bombed out buildings of World War II
 in London and kids used to play on them a lot and people they were hanging about all over
 the place and people were always your turn, these into something a bit less depressing.
 And so then they turned them into adventure playgrounds.
 And then the adventure playgrounds today are more like places where they're like scrap yards,
 right?
 Is that right?
 Well, you can kind of build things.
 There's running machines there.
 So there's a difference between like the soft play version and a more hard play version,
 especially in America and you get these adventure playgrounds that have got like loose
 tires, blocks of wood, ropes, hammers, nails.
 Right.
 I read one place that they can even set fire to things, the kids.
 Wow.
 I've never seen one of these.
 I've never seen them either.
 But apparently they're more safe than the soft play things.
 Yeah.
 And the reason being that as soon as you enter a soft play thing you go straight for the
 highest tallest thing and climb up it because like obviously you think everything's safe.
 But in these more dodgy ones with lots of like rusty nails and stuff like that, the children
 kind of build their own play area and they start small and they kind of build up to it.
 Or they're just quivering in fear in the corner.
 Yeah, I think that's a bit of an innovative thing they're doing in America specifically.
 It's in New York, isn't it?
 It's called the yard and it's the idea that they want to encourage kids to play with what's
 around them.
 Can we just briefly go back to ball pits?
 Yes, please.
 I mostly research ball pits.
 Yeah.
 So there have been studies done about the hygiene in ball pits because some people are
 worried.
 And there was a spate of stories quite recently.
 One guy who worked for a phone called STEM Protect which is a STEM cell bank.
 So I don't know why he's sticking his aura into this field of human endeavor.
 Anyway.
 Everyone's going to have a hobby, mate.
 Yeah.
 So he was saying that 99.9% of ball pits contain levels of vomit and feces was how it was reported
 because obviously, yeah, it's absolutely believable.
 Yeah.
 But I mean, the way he put it sounded really distressing.
 He said, he's a parent and he said, I've watched some of these places with my professional
 hat on.
 And what I've learned has truly disturbed me.
 You take your kids to these ball pit play warehouses to have fun, but I've seen kids emerge
 with their legs covered in poo.
 And the worst thing was, it wasn't even their own poo.
 How could he tell?
 He had his professional hat on this.
 Everyone knows.
 As soon as you put your professional hat on, it's poo spotting out.
 Swobbing the feces.
 There haven't actually been many studies done of this, but there has been a study in Georgia
 where they swabbed balls from six different ball pits and they found out what was in there.
 And obviously, they found loads of bacteria because as they're a bacteria everywhere, you
 know, that's the whole point.
 So there are various ones like meningitis and pneumonia and septicemia and various skin
 infections.
 Yeah.
 So some of the bad ones were there.
 Oh, so I'm not a bad one.
 Sure.
 Some of the ones that you might find in feces, for instance.
 Yeah.
 So fecal bacteria, we've said, they're not necessarily bad.
 No, it probably lots of good guy bacteria in there as well.
 But even fecal bacteria are not automatically going to kill you.
 If you can't afford some yakult, just lick a ball.
 There was one of the dirtiest ball pits that these guys found had an average of 170,818
 different bacteria on each ball.
 What?
 No idea if that's a lot.
 I know, because it sounds like a lot.
 It does sound like a lot, isn't it?
 But then if you would have to lick the whole ball to get it in like, I don't know about you,
 but I never licked any of the balls when I was in my ball pit years.
 Yeah.
 But you never lived.
 Would you make your ball pit?
 Yeah.
 They still have, they have adult ball pits.
 That's true.
 But I've never gone to one.
 There's one in London, the ball pit bar in London.
 Is it?
 It started off as a one month-only pop-up in Dullston in 2016 when it was so popular that
 they opened it full-time.
 It's called Bolly Bollison.
 And every single ball in this place is cleaned by a mechanical ball cleaner that can clean
 18,000 balls per hour.
 Wow.
 And that machine is called the Gobble Muffin.
 Nice.
 Okay.
 So they've made it up.
 They've made the branding very mature and adult.
 It isn't.
 Have you seen how the machines work?
 No.
 So I watched a video of a professional ball cleaning machine.
 And was it the Gobble Muffin or?
 It wasn't.
 This was a slower one, and I believe, but it's basically a great big vacuum tube and
 you suck up all the balls and then they get pushed into the sanitizing bath and then they
 get shoved into a drying machine and then they get blasted back out when they're all dry
 and nice again.
 It's as you would expect.
 But it feels like it would be fun to get sucked into that machine, doesn't it?
 Right.
 It does.
 It feels like quite a fun ride.
 If there was a giant ball pit somewhere where you have to go in one of the balls.
 Like a hamster.
 Exactly.
 Oh, yeah.
 That's very cool.
 Why didn't they just put a sign up saying don't shit in the ball pit?
 Well, not everyone can read.
 We'll cut read.
 If this is the adult ball pit, I understand the cleaning for kids who wants your grown-up.
 I don't think that the adults who go to Bolly Bollison are shitting in the ball pit.
 It's why you don't need to clean the balls.
 What's up with this new Fandall Ball machine?
 Well, don't try and put the Gobble Muffin out of a job.
 Sorry.
 So I was looking at the history of playgrounds generally and actually there was this really
 cool story a few years ago where the older swing in the world was found.
 Cool.
 And it was just in the bottom of someone's garden.
 So this was a wicksteed swing.
 So the guy who invented the swing was a guy called Charles Wicksteed.
 It was in Kettering in Northamptonshire and he made this playground and came up with
 a swing.
 And then they were looking for Wicksteed's old playground equipment and a random family
 who lived nearby said, well, we've got this kind of old looking swing at the bottom
 of our garden.
 Come and take a look.
 This is pro-so type for all of that and the kids were still using it.
 That's not the original kids.
 They were very old by that point, but they were still swinging.
 Too old.
 They were shitting again by that same.
 How cool is that?
 The creator of the swing and of the ball pit grew up when we were born, I guess, two hours
 drive from each other, Kettering and Sheffield.
 Yeah.
 It's just quite amazing that that bit of the world is.
 What?
 It's about two.
 Maybe less than two hours.
 I've looked at it on Google.
 Oh, did it?
 It's an hour-40 train ride.
 Straight one again.
 I'll be on one.
 OK.
 I find that astonishing.
 We know who invented the swing.
 I don't think we do.
 Because I would have thought cavemen were on swings and probably dinosaurs.
 I think he definitely invented the hang on.
 I'm not even going to get into that.
 He invented the modern swing.
 He did.
 So it was a cop out, like the modern Olympics, you know?
 Yeah.
 And also, I'm always, you know, to put on my professional hat, no, my work hat.
 So when we say it's surprising, they're two hours apart from each other, it's not.
 Because I always think these things are so western bias and so English-speaking country
 bias.
 They probably had swings in the Netherlands or swit.
 They definitely had swings in China probably 7,000 years ago.
 Yes.
 No one made a swing, for instance.
 Did he?
 Do you have a ball pit?
 He did.
 He didn't make the ball pit, but he did.
 Another Englishman.
 Of course.
 Another Englishman.
 He did it right to swing for his kids.
 And it sounds like the coolest house ever, so he was a super fun dad.
 And he built himself with the help of a local carpenter.
 He recruited for the purpose.
 And he had a slide instead of stairs.
 So in Darwin's house, he went down a slide instead of the stairs.
 And then he had to throw it up.
 Yeah.
 On the hook.
 You never could.
 So he started upstairs.
 And then you never saw the upstairs again.
 Okay.
 Which is the same because the swing he erected was actually upstairs on the upstairs corridor.
 Was it?
 Yeah.
 This is just to go back to Wixsteed.
 But there is a celebrity link to Wixsteed as a modern, quite famous person.
 Oh, you mean a descendant?
 No.
 No, no, no, no.
 I mean, a modern famous person got their break at gathering.
 Is it James A. Custer?
 Is it?
 Yeah.
 He was the only person from Casper and Gecker.
 Think of him.
 Yeah.
 He makes a big thing out of being from catering.
 And his very first job was at Wixsteed Park.
 Was it?
 And he's mentioned it because I think he did a TV show sort of like spoof documentary about
 his early life.
 And the manager of the park said, "We are proud that he worked it and what he has gone
 on to achieve.
 But if he ever wants to come back and help out serving at one of our outlets, he is more
 than welcome."
 Luck, showbiz.
 It's a difficult industry.
 You never know.
 It's true.
 Don't burn your bridges.
 I was reading that in Germany, Hitler's bunker right next to it where his body was cremated
 now sits a slide for children.
 There is a children's play area there, isn't it?
 Right over the spot.
 I think they were thinking of getting rid of it because they thought it was kind of inappropriate.
 It feels a bit weird.
 Yeah.
 It's all the picture of it.
 I mean, they don't have a sign up or a plaque.
 Do they?
 No.
 They have the slide.
 I think that's fine, Dan.
 What's fine?
 I think it's fine that there's a children's play area.
 It just looks a bit eerie when you know what happened on that spot.
 I mean, don't tell the kids.
 Like what?
 Dan, campaigning with a big board, a sandwich board, bubbling information.
 This is a Nazi playground.
 Okay, it's time for fact number two and that is Chazinski.
 My fact this week is that bananas are considered such bad luck on fishing boats that many captains
 ban anyone on board from wearing banana boats sunscreen or clothes made by the company
 Fruit of the loom because their logo used to feature a banana.
 You can't have anything that's been near a banana anywhere near a fishing boat.
 That is so strange.
 It's so weird.
 And if you go on sort of fisherman's blogs and chat forums, that's what you'll do.
 Yeah.
 Dan, they all say they all sort of exchange their tips and so a lot of them say.
 I'll sort of avoid bananas.
 Have avoid bananas.
 A lot of them say, you know, if you see someone with Fruit of the loom underwear or Fruit
 of the loom clothes, I think it's a makeup clothes isn't it?
 How are you seeing their underwear?
 Well, I reckon you would have to check everyone's underwear, wouldn't you?
 You do.
 And then you cut the labels out of the very least, but maybe just rip all the clothes off.
 If it's a sexy mode.
 Do we know?
 Anna, why do you think they weren't the lab bananas on?
 There are probably more serious about that than anything.
 Strong claim.
 So it could be that I think probably the most likely is that bananas go rotten so far.
 So it dates back to like 1700s, they were considered bad luck and that was a time when the Caribbean
 was exporting a lot of bananas to continental America.
 And if you stop to go fishing, then the bananas spoiled.
 And we should say that the bad luck doesn't mean someone will die usually.
 It just means that you're not going to catch many fish that day.
 And so it's like banana spoiled.
 They also let off a really horrible smell when they're rotted and they make other fruit
 rot around them.
 But also there's a theory that they float when bodies don't.
 So if a ship sinks.
 They think all the sailors have turned into bananas.
 Yeah.
 It was a mystery for centuries.
 Anna, can I just pick you up?
 Bodies do float.
 Bodies do float.
 No, the bodies think of first, don't they?
 Mmm.
 I'm picturing Titanic.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Right.
 The movie or the movie?
 The movie.
 Do you remember at the end with all the bananas floating?
 Yeah.
 The door is covered in bananas, it's like, no, I'm sorry Jack, there's no room for you on
 the door.
 But he does sink, sorry, to use that as a--
 He does sink.
 Yeah.
 But it could be that he resurfaces later.
 Anyway, it's back up.
 Yeah.
 The point is it used to be that when people, when boats sank at sea, they were carrying
 lots of bananas because they were going to export them, then people would row out and
 try and save everyone, and they'd just be load of floating bananas.
 Mmm.
 And so they attributed the cause of the sinking to them for enough, some more theories.
 It could be that you get lots of spiders or snakes or something in your banana shipment,
 or it could be that crew members were slipping on the banana peels, and so obviously that
 was really bad luck.
 Yeah.
 Oh wow.
 It's definitely that.
 So do we have any more unlucky things?
 Yeah.
 You see, redheads are supposed to be unlucky, that is people with ginger hair.
 Yes.
 And some people say, according to One Maritime Museum, if you meet one before boarding
 your ship, the only way to mitigate the bad luck is to speak to them before they can speak
 to you.
 Wow.
 This sounds like a plot by redheads to get people talking to you.
 I read that whistling is bad luck, and then in the very same list, I read that whistling
 is good luck.
 So I'm not sure which one to believe.
 Hmm.
 I would say perhaps don't believe anything in that list.
 That's a good thought, yeah.
 But the reason for it being bad luck supposedly is that they use whistles as commands to each
 other, if you couldn't kind of shout, you couldn't really tell them what to do, you might
 do one whistle for this, two whistles for no.
 And so if you were just whistling a jaunty, sea shanty, then it might confuse people who
 didn't know whether to put their sails up or sails down.
 Albatrosses, famously bad luck for sailors.
 Yes.
 So not for Captain Cook, because he was around in the mid 18th century, and they only became
 bad luck in the end of the 18th century when the rhyme with the ancient mariner came out.
 So they weren't bad luck at all before that came out, and it was all because of that.
 And actually they could be good luck.
 So in 1881, there was a man who fell overboard from his boat, and there was an albatross in
 the water, a dead albatross, and he held onto it, and it kind of floated like a banana.
 If you can imagine that, and it kept him upright for all that time until someone came and
 collected him.
 So albatrosses can be good luck.
 That's amazing.
 Wow.
 Any banana stuff?
 Oh yeah.
 Well, I've been looking at banana shipping.
 Okay.
 So I didn't know this, but they have a kind of policy, because obviously they have to
 be shipped when they're green, they're cut off the tree when they're green, and then
 when they get to the port they're going to, they're sent into these special pressurised
 isolation rooms.
 Isolation rooms suggest there's only one in each room, but that can't be true.
 It's very expensive.
 It's amazing.
 That's so cheap.
 What do you think about it?
 Sorry.
 Yeah.
 They're going to these kind of forced ripening centers.
 And the air is pumped into the boxes of bananas so that they ripen at a consistent rate.
 And also ethylene, which is that chemical they give off.
 They get fake ethylene too.
 So they get them way more ripe.
 But it all happens once they've arrived.
 And they're a special banana scientist who control these rooms, and I read a great article
 on packer.com, which is all about packaging and packing and shipping.
 And apparently these specialists, they monitor the fruit like a mother hen waiting for it
 to turn.
 And then when it's ready, they say, right, it's ready for asda, and they're basically trying
 to trick the bananas into thinking that they're back in Ecuador or whatever they've come
 from.
 That's amazing.
 Yeah.
 And the rooms are even pressurised to have the same, like, I guess, air pressure as in
 Ecuador.
 And Mr. Detail, is this all happening on the boat, or is this once it lands?
 Once they've arrived.
 Right.
 Special rooms once they've arrived.
 Yeah.
 Cool.
 And how do they test the inside part?
 When I've eaten a banana, has it been unpeeled?
 And it makes you covered 100 times.
 It's a syringes that's gone in.
 You know sometimes you get a hole in your banana.
 Of course.
 It's a little air.
 And air pocket.
 Yeah, that's what it is.
 And that's what it is.
 You can squeeze a banana to feel the ripeness, can't you?
 Yeah.
 That's what I do.
 I imagine what happens is they take one banana, test the inside of it, throw that
 away and sell all the other ones.
 You should be in charge of banana in portals, because that's much cleverer.
 I just had my banana scientists hat on that.
 Yeah.
 That's so cool.
 Do you know mesc, the shipping firm?
 Yeah.
 Biggest shipping firm in the world.
 Sure.
 Biggest firm most people have never heard of, you know.
 But they have 270,000 refrigerated shipping containers, which is I think the largest fleet
 in the world, perhaps.
 By a long way, mesc.
 It's huge.
 It's a vast majority.
 So these are refrigerated.
 These are refrigerated.
 They get called reefers.
 And the bananas in there effectively have Wi-Fi, because there is data being taken all
 the time, remote technology in each of these refrigerated containers.
 And the company is tracking the power status, in case one of them stops being refrigerated.
 Uh-huh.
 And their temperature and their humidity, and it beams it up to a satellite.
 Yeah.
 So if there is a malfunction in a shipping container full of bananas in the middle of
 the ocean, mesc can find out about it and fix it before it arrives, and they've done
 that hundreds of times.
 I mean, I wouldn't say that that's a banana having Wi-Fi.
 They're not surfing the web, are they?
 Well, I'm sorry for trying to make it seem a little more interesting, but it won't.
 Cool.
 So there's a room with a bit of basic technology that most things have there.
 Okay.
 It is time for fact number three.
 And that is my fact. My fact this week is that Tim Berners-Lee originally wanted to call
 the World Wide Web the Information Mine, Tim, for short.
 Mmm.
 Yeah.
 So I learnt this fact.
 In fact, we all learnt this fact when we were in Geneva earlier this year, being taken
 on a tour of Surn by a really great guy called James Gillies, who's a scientist who writes
 a lot about Surn, who works out there.
 And that was one of the things he told us while we were out there looking.
 He said there were a bunch of names that Tim Berners-Lee was actually thinking he should call
 it.
 One was mine of information.
 The information mine was another one.
 The mesh was another one.
 Mine of information would have been, "Wah."
 I said, "So that's also about himself."
 Yes, exactly.
 Yeah.
 And so the reason he didn't go for the information mine is because he thought it would be
 immodest, or he just found a better name.
 Yeah.
 Most sites I've read say that it's because it seemed too egotistical.
 But I can't really see any source that says, "I thought he said that he did a Reddit."
 Yeah, I didn't see it on Reddit when I read the answer to that.
 Oh.
 Yeah, I sort of read that as someone below commenting on why he said he didn't go for it.
 But maybe I missed his proper comment on that.
 So did he, do we know why, why he did it?
 No, I personally, I couldn't get to the bottom of it.
 Do we know why he did go with worldwide web?
 I guess it's close to mesh, isn't it?
 I read that mesh would have been too similar to mess.
 Yeah.
 I thought it sounded a bit messy.
 Which would be quite fitting, not necessarily in derogatory way, but it is a huge mess, isn't
 it?
 Yeah.
 It's a huge mess of crap worldwide web.
 I think it was a start with that.
 But he did do this AMA, which was a very revealing of a lot of things.
 So there's been rumors for years and years that Era 4 of 4 came as a result of there being
 a room called Room 4 of 4 in the office that he was working at.
 And he said, "No, that's absolute nonsense, not true at all."
 He was asked, "Is there one thing you never thought the internet would be used for,
 but has become one of the main reasons that people do use it."
 And his one word answer was kittens.
 So he did give some quite fun answers in this thing.
 The kittens thing is weird, because the internet, which is different to the worldwide web, was
 almost called the catanet.
 Was it really?
 It was.
 Again, how perfect would that have been?
 It was awesome.
 So the catanet was, this is in 1974, and an internet pioneer, Louis Pousart wrote this
 paper where he coined the term catanet, and he said it's going to be a network of
 networks.
 And he said, "I bet the world will adopt this."
 And he essentially described the internet, said it should be called the catanet, and people
 used that for the internet until the 80s.
 And then they changed it to the internet, and we should probably go back to the catanet
 given how it's evolved, or the pornanet, but it's harder to say.
 So the web, originally, was not meant to be read only.
 So Tim Berners-Lee, when he first built it, it made it.
 He wanted it to be an interactive thing, so everyone can edit it.
 And the only reason is read only, so you're going to a website, you can't just make changes
 to the website.
 He wanted it to be Wikipedia, basically, is what you mean.
 He wanted it to be every site to be Wikipedia.
 But more so than that, you know, might go into a Word document, like everyone's Wikipedia,
 there's a process to go through, I guess.
 Oh, I see.
 So like a Google Doc, basically, a shared Google Doc.
 So you might go on to BBC News, and you could just change Boris Johnson's name to Trevor
 McDonald, if you wanted to.
 Yeah.
 I don't know why that's the first thing that came into my head.
 So weird.
 So many insults you could have come up with.
 You were lost to the protest on the street.
 I was thinking, what's you going to go with?
 I bet it's going to be really rude.
 I'm really, really going to get him.
 I was thinking of what's the most confusing thing you've got out there.
 I know.
 I know.
 Why is Trevor McDonald private as well in a sudden?
 That's like Eddie says.
 I'm now just thinking, I wonder what Trevor McDonald's up to.
 I haven't heard from him in years.
 Well, he's retired.
 He's pretty elderly now.
 Yeah, but what's he doing?
 Where is he?
 He's out negotiating with Europe.
 So why didn't, why didn't that obviously insane idea come to fruition?
 It wasn't for any reasons like it being obviously insane.
 It was just that logistically, practically, it was too difficult to get it done, the coding
 and the organisation of it.
 So it was like, oh, so it is easier to make it a redone.
 And actually, you could argue that's why the internet's gotten to all the trouble that
 it has because it means that all these big companies have power over it, whereas we can't
 all interact actively.
 It could have been such a different thing.
 Yeah.
 The worldwide Google doc.
 Yeah.
 It's so cool.
 And it's so weird that we're calling it worldwide Google doc.
 Given that Google is obviously one of the things that's benefited from this huge monopoly
 the companies have.
 Anyway.
 I was looking into the earliest transaction, digital transaction.
 So digital money for a product.
 There's quite a few competing theories about what it was, no one's quite tracked it down,
 but one of the leading ones is that in 1971 and 1972, the first transaction, so between
 that time, a first transaction was made and it was between students at Stanford University
 and MIT and they were selling weed to each other.
 Cool.
 So the first transaction potentially was a drug deal.
 Yeah.
 Sorry, I just said cool.
 Like, wanting to be cool.
 Brilliant.
 Cool, dude.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 I know.
 Yeah.
 Got one in my bag right now.
 Okay.
 Because there was a lady earlier who dordered something by telephone, but that didn't count
 because she paid in cash when it was delivered to her door.
 She predates that, but this is the first digital money transaction.
 Very cool.
 I don't think it is cool.
 It's not cool.
 It's not cool.
 As a cop, I can confirm it's not cool.
 I'm just going to put my cop's hat on it.
 Haha.
 Two of you are wearing hats right now.
 To have a James of wearing their hats right now.
 Yeah.
 It's a new thing.
 We're in different kinds of hats.
 Yeah.
 You're from different eras by judging by the hat.
 We're not even going to say what the hat's on.
 We're just going to let you, if you send a drawing in of the hats, you think Dan and James
 are wearing at the moment.
 Whoever gets closest will win a small prize.
 Seven and two.
 Andrew Hansen-Murray.
 Two.
 Oh.
 I don't even get a try-corn.
 Do you like that?
 I don't really think that Ku Klux Klan hat is very appropriate.
 Oh, dear.
 I hope you take that off before you go to the soft play area.
 Haha.
 I found sort of a precursor to the World Wide Web, or in fact Wikipedia, which was the
 Mondanium, which I can't believe I've never read about.
 But this was a thing that was created in 1910.
 And it was after this initiative from 1895 of two Belgian lawyers called Paul Octlet and
 Henry Lafontaine.
 And they wanted to create what they were called a world palace, basically all the world's
 knowledge and information.
 They wanted to catalog it.
 And so they started doing this.
 And it was in the Palais Mondiales, so the palace of the world, they think in Brussels.
 And they got up to 12 million index cards.
 So as a sort of side effect of this, he also invented the index.
 No.
 Yeah.
 And 12 million index cards, 12 of information.
 And it was sitting there in Brussels for decades.
 And then of course.
 So it's just in a big room.
 And there's loads of filing cabinets with index cards, which has all the information in
 the world.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 It's impressive, isn't it?
 Just two of them probably had a few secretaries.
 That's amazing.
 That's incredible.
 Is it still around?
 Is it still accessible?
 Irritatingly.
 And I know they always ruin everything.
 But in 1940, the Nazis rocked up, and the Third Reich replaced it with a bunch of Third
 Reich art.
 And some of it was left over, most of it we don't know where it's gone.
 Oh.
 Yeah.
 I know that was bastards.
 It's always a response to the Nazis doing something.
 Oh, God.
 That's sick.
 I'm going to stop going to that child's play area in Berlin.
 All his birthday.
 Yeah.
 The outfit.
 Look, Dan's the one in the hood.
 OK, it is time for a final fact of the show, and that is James.
 OK, my fact this week is that the first non-use of the word "beland" to refer to a person
 was for the entire 1992 West Bromwich LVN football team.
 Amazing.
 I mean, what a fact.
 Yeah.
 What a bunch of "beland".
 So the word "beland", one of the first uses was the flaired end of a trumpet or other wind
 instrument opposite to the mouthpiece, and that's from 1826, and then in 1819 it meant the enclosed
 extension from the main living space of a tent, especially one with a rounded shape.
 That was in 1819.
 That was in 1919, sorry if I said 18, and then 1961 it became referring to the penis.
 And then in 1992, someone was on a use net news group on the 28th of September, and said,
 "Perhaps you are referring to that infamous collection of "beland" known as WBA win-bug-a-all."
 They were insulting West Brom, but it was a bit harsh because they looked at their results
 around this time, and there had been nine games that season, and they'd won seven, drawn
 one, and lost one, and they got promoted at the end of the season.
 Oh, wow.
 A bunch of bad luck.
 Interesting fact, the man who wrote that comment was Tim Berners-Lee, who was the whole reason
 he had invented the WBA win-bug.
 Oh, there you go.
 It's a very British insult, isn't it?
 I don't think it gets used in America.
 No, no.
 No, it shouldn't think so.
 No.
 It had synonyms, so when it became used for the end of the penis in 1961, as you said, in
 the dictionary of slang and unconventional English, then it was synonymous with a blond
 end and red end, which have fallen out of use, but we could bring back.
 Bluntend.
 Well, a bunch of blond ends.
 But you don't have a sharp end at the other end of the penis?
 Well, maybe you should see someone around that.
 I don't have two ends.
 Oh, you really should see someone around that.
 There's only one other word in the Oxford English Dictionary, whose first citation references
 West Bromwich, L.D., and football club, and that is the word "maximum", referring to
 someone who scores lots of goals in a football team.
 It says West Bromwich, L.D., and are largely relying on James Cuxen, the marksman of Chesterfield.
 There you go.
 That is great.
 Who knew they were such a hotbed of neologisms in West Bromwich, L.D., and I looked at Birmingham
 City Football Club and asked a villa football club who were both similar local teams, and
 they don't have a single one.
 Wow.
 So West Bromwich, there's Shakespeare at our time over there.
 One insult that is in the Oxford English Dictionary that has a fantastic reference or citation
 of, quote, is "dickweed".
 And "dickweed" is a word that got popularised in Bill and Ted's excellent adventure.
 So they use a quote from that movie in the Oxford English Dictionary, and it's a word
 that I grew up with because I love that movie and used to be, used to call people a "dickweed",
 but I didn't know what "dickweed" actually meant, and it's pubic hair.
 I just had, I'd not put, like, connection together.
 Do you think it's play on the word "duckweed"?
 Which is, like, a type of plant you get in a pond.
 Is it?
 Okay.
 No, do you think it is?
 I don't think he was stating that it was, and I doubt that they'd thought about it to
 that extent.
 Oh, I reckon it might be, though, because it's not a common word, but it's reasonably
 common.
 Are you "duckweed"?
 Are you "dickweed"?
 No.
 I think that's plausible.
 I'm not saying it's totally impossible.
 I just think it's one of those "unknowables".
 There will never be a smoking gun on this.
 And "bellend" is also a village, and that is, coincidentally, only 10 miles from West
 Bromwich Albion's football ground.
 And I think, as far as I can tell, that West Bromwich Albion is the closest English football
 team to the village of "bellend".
 No way.
 I believe so.
 That is insane.
 It's close, but I think it is.
 Oh, that's much better than my two-hour journey from Kettering to Shaffield.
 I wonder if the person who knows, I wonder if the person who wrote that comment online,
 in 1992, knows that they have other first use of a word recorded in language.
 No, and of course, it's hard to imagine that he made it up, right?
 Right.
 I think it feels like lots of people are saying it, but it's just the first written
 out.
 Yeah, because there weren't many.
 It wasn't mentioned in newspapers much.
 No.
 I've been in private correspondence, maybe in Churchill's letters, you're right, to someone
 else.
 Heller is such a bellend.
 Well, even though they did the "Mondanium", Michael flatly fits into the bellend's story
 as well.
 I think we might have mentioned this in the book of the first-ever book of the year.
 Okay.
 Can you explain who he is for?
 Oh, of course.
 So, sorry, Michael flatly, the father of "revidance", Irish dance, not the father, one
 of his descendants, but he's an Irish dancer and performer.
 And you know, the big thing with a line-up and they all dance.
 He's very famous for that.
 He's called him "Lord of the Dance".
 And he said in late 2016 that he would perform at Donald Trump's inauguration, and as a result
 of that, someone redirected the website colossalbellend.com so that when you type that in, it went to
 Michael flatly's website.
 Yeah.
 That's very good.
 But it's amazing.
 Bell was used to mean penis in 1593.
 Yes.
 That's the first use of bell to mean penis, and that's from Jonathan Green's Dictionary
 of Flang, and it refers to a young man wagging his bobble and bringing his bell, and it's clearly
 a knob gag.
 And yet it took so long for us to really embrace it.
 Well, just for bell to become bell-end, and then for that to become a personal thing.
 Yeah.
 That was in a, what sounds like a great book called "The Passion of Maurice".
 What?
 That's like someone's penpal.
 I love "The Passion of Maurice". I'm waggling my bobble as I think.
 You've got a martial art sort of penpal, so you've had a child.
 Why were considerably table stuff?
 But he got pickpocketed in the story as he was doing that, so let this be a lesson to all
 men.
 What?
 He fancied this woman in the story.
 I assumed the character "The Passion of Maurice", and he said he was very pleased by her,
 and he showed this with wagging his bobble and bringing his bell while she picked his pocket
 and cut his purse.
 So if you will get your willy out and start publicly wanking, you will be pickpocketed.
 Why?
 Is the moral of that story?
 What a bold time to pickpocket someone.
 You'd be catered to the pickpocket, is.
 I suppose if you're taking your trousers off to waggle it, then actually it is easier to
 pickpocket someone, isn't it?
 I don't think you'd fully, I think it's a weird, I think it's a weird fashion, who fully
 takes off the trousers, folds them up and puts them on in there, but I see, it's on the train.
 Flashes are a weird, barn-shielding element.
 I'm not saying they're not, but they're saying that would require a very organised, flashing
 mentality.
 And we're going to have to wrap up shortly.
 Yep, just a couple of older bits of insult.
 This is from a classical dictionary of the vulgar tongue, which was published in 1785,
 and you can get it online, and some really good ones, I like in there, are, what to be
 dicked in the knob, is.
 I don't think you need to tell us about that.
 That could mean anything, couldn't it?
 It just means silly, guys, it just means you're a silly, silly dicked in the knob, dicked
 in the knob.
 It's a knob-meaning head.
 Yes, believe so.
 So, Dickey has in something's gone wrong.
 You could also say that somebody is Captain Queer Nabs, and that's if they are an ill-dressed
 or shabby fellow.
 Oh, okay.
 Or, if you're, this isn't really an insult, it's just, if you're surprised or confounded,
 you are betwattled.
 That's great, we should bring that back.
 Yeah.
 Definitely so.
 Okay, that is it, that is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said over
 the course of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland, Andy.
 @UnderHunterM.
 James.
 @JamesHarkin.
 And Shazinsky.
 You can email podcast@QI.com.
 That's right, you can go to our group account, which is @NoSuchThing or our website.
 NoSuchThing is a fish.com.
 Do check it out.
 There's plenty of stuff up there from all of our previous episodes to upcoming tour dates.
 And that's it.
 Okay, we'll see you again next week.
 Goodbye.
 [MUSIC]
 (upbeat music)
