 Hi everyone, welcome to this week's episode of No Such Thing as a Fish. Dan Shriver is
 not with us today, unfortunately. He is off doing community service. By which I mean he's
 doing jury duty, which means he won't be here this week or next. But in his place, we are
 joined by our colleague and very, very good friend, Liying Li. Now, some of you, the Super
 Duper Fish fans, will already know who Liying is. She has appeared on our Meet the Elves feature in
 Club Fish. She was so good on that that we decided to ask her onto the main podcast. I'm sure you're
 going to really enjoy it. She's absolutely brilliant. If you want to know more about all the other elves,
 then go to nosuchthingsafish.com/apple and nosuchthingsafish.com/patreon. And if you go there,
 you can hear all the other episodes of Meet the Elves, as well as Drop As Aligned, which is our
 mailbag show, compilations, and much, much more. Anyway, there's not much more to say today, apart
 from really hope you enjoy the show with Liying. And on with the podcast!
 Hello, and welcome to No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming to you from the QI
 offices in Hoban. My name is Anna Tyshinski, and I'm sitting here with James Harkin, Andrew Hunter
 Murray, and Liying Li, and we are gathered here today with our four favourite facts from the last
 seven days. So in no particular order, here we go. Liying, what's your fact? My fact this week is
 that during World War II, Bletchley Park was forced to have a teacup amnesty. So it was an amnesty
 like where you have to go and turn your teacup in. Yeah, and you won't be arrested. You won't be
 arrested. And you won't be arrested. There was a memo that was sent out that said, "It is regretted
 that owing to losses, it is no longer possible to provide service crockery for morning and afternoon
 teas." Wow. And that was all they did at Bletchley. Yeah, they only drank tea. They didn't do any
 important work at all. No longer providing service crockery for morning and afternoon teas. I feel
 like that's the point at which England really started to decline. Yeah, the start of England's
 decline was the middle of World War II. Is that what we're saying? Yeah. The counterpoint.
 Wasn't the famous thing about Bletchley was that Alan Turing who worked there used to chain his mug
 to the radiator as the story is. And then poor Alan would be teased by people picking the lock
 on the chain and nicking his teacup just to annoy him. If he can't set a code on his lock that's
 not possible to break by the others, then I don't know if I trust this guy to win our war.
 The thing about Turing is I read an interview with someone else who worked at Bletchley,
 and apparently when he wasn't in his office, he used to tie his mug to his hand. So if they go
 outside, there's a big lake at Bletchley, and they'd often have like a picnic out there,
 and he would be there with it tied by rope to his hand so no one could steal it. Fantastic.
 Wasn't there a rumour that they threw crockery into the lake? Do we think that was just a rumour?
 Well, yeah, that's an interesting question. So I found quite a lot of sources, kind of diary
 entries and things like that. So sources or sources. Very good, very good. I went to Bletchley myself
 and dredged the lake and found sources, and I found some sources that people like Josh Cooper,
 who was the really kind of eccentric head of the air section, he would go around the lake,
 finish his coffee and then throw his cup into the lake. And also there's a good reason for
 Alan Turing to chain his mug up because apparently his deputy, Hugh Alexander, would also be known
 to throw his teacups into the lake. Why? Was there a reason for it? Was it like a celebration or was
 it, oh, we've cracked today's code? They were all Greek. Right, so is it? They would just smash
 the plates and throw the teacups away. Yeah, it feels like that, doesn't it? Yeah, and well,
 it wasn't just lakes as well. There was another memo that said that they ended up finding loads
 of cups and sources in the shrubs. It feels like there was some kind of weird Easter egg hunt game
 going on that we don't know about. If we know anything, it's that they were good at keeping
 secrets at Bletchley. And I think this one is still Official Secrets Act. Yeah, because
 Liam, you emailed them and asked them if it was true, right? Yeah, well, the thing that was mostly
 interesting checking was something that said that after the war, the administrators at Bletchley
 dredged the lake, hoping to find kind of discarded equipment that was used to kind of crack the
 enigma code and really fascinating kind of historical artifacts. And instead, all they found
 was giant heaps of cutlery and crockery and resources and stuff, which would have been fantastic.
 So I emailed them just a double check. And I talked to this amazing woman called Heather,
 hi Heather, if you're listening. And she said that she's always listening. She's actually
 translating what we're saying into three languages simultaneously. Yeah, it's being
 encrypted right now. But she said, unfortunately, they think it's a myth or certainly a bit of an
 exaggeration. But they do know that certainly Josh Cooper may have thrown a cup in once.
 So interesting. Yeah, they're drawing us away from the real story. I think that's it. That's it.
 As I said, maybe actually, it's something very secret to do with the way that we cracked codes
 or fought the war. And they just don't want people to know. Fair enough. Should we say for
 maybe for international listeners? I think we should. Like what Bletchley was. I think I know
 we've been speaking ten minutes. Right. So early 40s, Britain on the ropes. There's a war going on.
 There's a war going on. We're about to go downhill. The tea services declined dramatically.
 The Nazis have overrun Europe. And they are communicating using enigma machines.
 They look like typewriters. And they allow you very easily to to encrypt what you're saying.
 It divides it into blocks of letters. It looks like complete rubbish. And the Germans are so
 confident about the security of enigma, because there are 364 billion possible codes. And there's
 a new code every day. They're so confident they just transmit the messages. They don't try and
 jam the signal or anything. So these messages are out there. And they're undecyparable. There's a
 nightmare. You know, completely impossible. Cocky. And that was their mistake. Because Polish
 intelligence had just cracked enigma just before the war and handed part of the secret, a big part
 of it, to British intelligence. So at Bletchley Park, which is this country estate in England,
 the British government gathers together hundreds and hundreds of codecrackers and administrators
 and people who set to work, including famously Alan Turing, but thousands of people by the end.
 Who do a variety of stuff, right? Famous chess players or people who are great at solving crosswords.
 Yeah. It's an odd collection. Like everyone just sort of piles in to Bletchley Park and start solving
 codes and cracking codes. And it goes on until the war ends. And it's amazingly successful.
 It is. And also the thing about Bletchley, again, that it's famous for here is the fact that it was
 mostly women. So it was a women outnumbered men at Bletchley by about eight to one, I think. And
 they were there doing that mechanical work of every day, taking down all the codes that were coming
 through. Yeah. In fact, I hadn't realized that Baroness Trumpington, who was a real character
 in British politics until she died a few years ago, was at Bletchley. I swear there was a period
 where sort of any elderly posh woman in sort of the nineties when I was growing up had actually
 been at Bletchley at some point. Because also they weren't allowed to say anything, were they?
 So it was like national secrets for so long, so long, so long. And then the nineties came along
 and everything got declassified. And everyone went, oh yeah, I was there. Yeah, so was I. I was.
 Well, they had a whole thing where they were trying to recruit what they called boffins and
 devs, boffins being kind of clever people and devs being debutants, as in high society,
 socialite women. Oh, why? Because they felt that, you know, they had that kind of level of education.
 And they were often not bilingual. Exactly. They often they could speak French or they could speak
 German or they'd had a university education. And so as you say, it turns out that a lot of the
 people there came from quite high society and then they found themselves, you know, bunking with all
 of these. Yeah. In the class. In Bletchley. Because they were posh, they were often like quite
 eccentric and prone to misbehavior because they could get away with it. So a lot of the women
 would bunk off constantly and go and shag their boyfriends. For instance, there was one woman who
 was in charge called Pamela Rose, who she was actually an actress. She wanted to be in the
 West End. And she was in charge of overseeing 50 women in one of the huts. And one of them was
 actually Baroness Trumpington, who was called Jean Campbell Harris at the time. And at one point
 she had to stuff Baroness Trumpington into a laundry basket and rolled her down the corridor
 into an officer's room, I think, who was quite annoyed, who was trying to do serious work.
 Was that to make her escape? I think it might have been a bit of japery. I'm not sure if it was a
 genuine punishment or having a half. Bad news. Bad news. We've lost another 30,000 troops at C.
 One of the convoys has been sunk by the U-boats, which was due to us not cracking a vital message.
 Good news. We all had a great team building exercise. We've got a laundry basket.
 I think it was amazing. They would, when they turned up, they would be asked two questions.
 One, do you like crossword puzzles? Two, are you engaged to be married? That was your first two
 questions. And then if you said, yes, I like crosswords and no, I'm not engaged, they go,
 okay, now you can have an interview. Oh, you're through. I know also the thing,
 the amazing thing about the secrecy is just how secret it was, as in, you don't know what the
 person in the next hut is doing. You don't know what the people in the same room as you were doing.
 So often you don't know what you're doing. I've been in some jobs where I didn't know what I was
 doing. I didn't really know what anyone else was doing. Is it possible you've worked at GCHQ
 without knowing it? That could be true. I thought I was an accountant because it's just numbers.
 Oh my, you've done some significant stuff, I bet, without really. But who?
 Because you're just like cracking these cut and you're grinding through huge numbers of
 huge amounts of information. And Churchill wrote a six volume history of the second reward,
 never mentioned Bletchley, because it was still super, super secret, because they had to hide the
 fact that towards the end of the war, Hitler was an open book. As in, Bletchley Parker were getting
 and translating and deciphering his messages before, like, Rommel or Girl or whatever. That's
 incredible. And then you have to turn, they haven't. Yeah. And the fact that the secrecy lasted for so
 long as well, there are so many veterans who, you know, took the secrets of their graves or
 there are amazing stories of, you know, husband and wives who met at Bletchley, but didn't actually
 know what the other person was doing. And then they had kids and they couldn't tell their kids
 what they were doing during the war as well. And so it was just decades and decades and decades
 of secrecy. And what's really fascinating to me is that the first person to kind of publish a book
 about what happened at Bletchley was treated as such a traitor by a lot of the veterans who were
 there. It was quite self aggrandizing. It was, you know, kind of like, oh, I did this and I did
 this. That's vital to the war effort and all of this. That was probably another reason he sounded
 like a bit of an arrogant prick. But for a lot of the veterans at Bletchley, it was one of those
 things where it was, you know, it's secret and we're going to take these secrets to our graves.
 Have you guys been there? Yeah. A while ago, actually, I can't remember much about it,
 but that's okay. I was there for a public speaking competition as a teenager. Unfortunately,
 you were engaged to be married, so you could get a job there. Crosswords. That's cool.
 Do you know if you were interviewed there? Another question you might be asked was if you
 were interviewed by Dilly Knox, who was one of the most important people at Bletchley and he was a
 real eccentric. And he would ask people the question, which way round the hands of a clock go?
 Brilliant. What would you say for that? Mark wise.
 You're out. You put the minute hand on first and then the hour hand.
 And then the second hand. You're building a clock.
 Oh, I see you've, you've interpreted it that way. Second hand goes right at the bottom, I think.
 You've thought outside the box, but no, the correct answer according to him is it depends
 whether you're looking at the clock or whether you are the clock. Brilliant.
 That's interesting because I imagine no one got that right. So how on earth do we get anyone?
 It sounds a lot like the kind of questions that you think get asked at Oxbridge interviews
 and things like that. And considering that so many people there were from Oxbridge,
 maybe they did kind of think outside the box in that way. I think it was that sort of thing.
 What was the name of the person that you said wanted to be a West End actress?
 That was Pamela Rose. Pamela Rose. So I wonder when Pamela Rose was at Bletchley,
 whether or not she joined the Bletchley Park Dramatic Club.
 She did. She loved it. Yeah, I'm sure she did. I loved reading about this. So at Bletchley,
 it turns out that there was quite a campus-like feel there. A lot of people, you know, their
 university was interrupted by the war and they got recruited by Bletchley. And so,
 one particular veteran described it as being like their university. So there was all the other kind
 of stuff that you'd associate with uni. There was like social clubs. They had Christmas pantos
 that they put on. And he's like, I don't remember any of this at uni. I remember being de-bagged a
 lot. You were the one in the laundry basket with me. But one person that I found that I
 thought was so interesting is that Olivia Newton-John's dad, Bryn Newton-John, he was an officer
 at Bletchley and he was a member of the Drama Club. No way, really. He'd find his name Bryn
 Newton-John in all of the programmes for all the shows that they'd put on. Just on the results
 they got. Because it is quite abstract and it's very sort of, you know, there's people like
 poshos in the countryside and actually lots of them weren't posh. Lots of them were Rens,
 women's Royal Naval Service, who were getting on with the like basic work every single day.
 But some of the things they did, for example, they worked out the location of every milk cow
 in the Atlantic Ocean. That's pretty easy. I reckon I could do that now. Not the one on the bottom.
 So the milk cows were the tankers that were in the Atlantic and they were to refuel
 German U-boats. Oh, really? There were, you know, a couple of dozen maximum and they obviously were
 the most significant thing for the entire U-boat operation. They were all located thanks to Enigma
 and they were all sunk. So the U-boat, that was a big part of winning the war against the U-boats.
 I really like one of the ways that they worked. Like you say, the Germans had improved the
 Enigma. So we did know how they worked, but it was still hard to crack the codes every day.
 And so what you needed was some information that you knew. So when they sent the information,
 you know what you're looking for. And so what they did was they would drop bombs in very obvious
 places and they drop in a place where you know exactly where it is. And so the Germans then
 would send a message saying there's been a bomb in, you know, 25 miles north of Dresden or something.
 And you know what 25 miles north of Dresden is. And you know, probably might even by then know
 that you're looking for the word "Meinen", which is German for a mine or a bomb. So you would know
 what you're looking for. And it's called "Gardening". I think this is the kind of thing where we're like,
 that's so clever. And if you were one of the actual code breakers listening, you'd be like,
 God, that's the most basic thing. Wow. Can I give you something on crockery and throwing
 crockery around? So this fact was perhaps about people throwing crockery. So I thought I'd look
 at plate smashing in Greece. I've seen various articles about where it comes from. And some
 people say, oh, it's an ancient Greek thing that they would do in funerals. I'm not really so sure.
 I think it might be quite a modern thing that came in the 1960s and 70s. But actually in 1969,
 it was banned by the military dictator, Georgeus Papadopoulos. He banned any plate smashing in
 Greece because it was so dangerous. Oh, not because we didn't have enough crockery for
 art and tea anymore. No, because they set up these factories where you would make fake crockery.
 Amazing. So it was like, it was real crockery. It was made of china and stuff, but it was like
 really low quality. There was no patterns on it, anything like that. It was just something that
 was made deliberately so you could then smash it. And there were 53 manufacturers of these fake
 plates in Thessaloniki alone. Stop it! Yeah, honestly. Very good. How many plates were being
 smashed? There was in the 60s up to 100,000 per month, it's estimated. Why? At the end of your
 meal, if you've got a great restaurant, they'll smash the plates for you. It's just like a
 tradition. They'll smash it for you. You don't even get to do the smashing. Well, you used to do it
 yourself and then like health and safety came in and you would get like some waiters would,
 you know, put on their glasses so that they don't get any peace in their eyes and do it.
 They'd actually take them away for the controlled explosion.
 And today there's only one manufacturer of fake plates in the whole of Thessaloniki.
 That was actually what we remember when the Greeks had the terrible recession around the time of the
 credit crunch. That was mostly caused by the fake plate industry, wasn't it? Yeah. But like,
 what is a fake plate? Is in what's a fake plate? It's interesting because you could still use them
 as a plate. Absolutely. But they're much cheaper to manufacture. They're not bothered if there's
 cracks in there or anything like that. There's no patterns on there. They're just white
 china plates. Not as fun to smash, though. I bet there were proper hardcore smashes who still went
 for the sort of £100 property there. Yeah. Do you still go to the, to the museum in Athens?
 Is this why we're not giving the Parthenon marbles back? Do you think they're going to be used to
 this sort of smash orgy? I don't know if you've seen the Elgi marbles, but they are quite smashed
 orgy. Well, why do you think they got like that in the first place?
 Okay, it's time for fact number two. And that's my fact. My fact is that 18th century sea captains
 sometimes use their sailors as sails. Brilliant. This is actually in a book called See People
 by a woman called Christina Thompson, and it's such a good book. It's so fantastically written.
 And this is a practice called Manning the Four Shrouds. And it was used throughout kind of the
 great age of sail, which I suppose was 15th century to 19th century, a long period. And basically,
 if the wind is too high, if there's a big gale, if there's a storm, then it's very dangerous to put
 your sails up because they could be completely shredded. The mask could be toppled. The boat's
 going to be there. Oh, yeah. You don't want to get any of your sails shredded instead. Put one of
 your men up there. We've got 400 sailors and only one big sail. No, that makes sense.
 Send up Stanley Big Shirt. Is that a reference to my friend? Yeah. That's very good because we've
 never mentioned him on here. Probably. I don't think so. You used to have a friend whose nickname
 was Stanley Big Shirt. That's so good because it worked for the listener, and then it worked
 even better for James on a higher level. Thank you. So this is where the captain of a ship would
 say to Stanley Big Shirt and Co, "Could you please climb up onto the Four Shrouds?" So the
 shrouds of a ship are, if you see a big sailing ship, there's what look like, you know, like a salt
 coarse rope platters and climbing frames. Yeah, rigging frames kind of thing. Yeah, exactly. That
 rigging is what the shrouds are, and they're what support the masks, and you can climb up them really
 easily. So the sailors would all climb up, and they'd spread out their hands and legs, and they'd
 literally just face up against the wind. Just sounds like utter nonsense, doesn't it? So they'd need
 a density of sailors such that it was the solid wall of sailors. Yeah. That's a lot of sailors.
 Well, it's a lot of sailors. So it's kind of holding, can't it, and still be pretty functional,
 but you get most of the effect. I think that was because you didn't want it to be too strong. That
 was the thing. They're not going to be as strong as a sail, but there was one. There was a ship
 captain by Sir Hyde Parker in the 1700s, where 200 sailors were sent up into the rigging. The one
 that Christina Thompson in her book refers to is Commodore George Anson, who was involved in the
 War of Jenkins-Ear, which I think we must have mentioned. I don't think we have. And again,
 for international listeners, this was a huge deal for Britain, the War of Jenkins-Ear. I actually
 think the British listeners, the War of Jenkins-Ear is, I don't think it's GCSE syllabus.
 It was about 70, no, I'm thinking of the Seven Years' War. Sorry, no, disregard that. That was
 a bigger deal. I would say it goes World War II, World War I, War of Jenkins-Ear are the three main
 things on the syllabus in English schools, certainly. And basically, there's a War of Jenkins-Ear in
 1740, which was named after a humorous slam in Parliament, where someone waved an ear around,
 Google it. I thought it was someone. I thought it was someone.
 It faded a little. Jenkins-Ear got cut off in a naval fracar.
 I thought it did. Didn't the cut off ear get waved around? I think I might have made up
 that bit. I've embellished it in my head. Yeah. I don't think you allow props in the
 hands of Parliament. That's their rule. You're right.
 That's why they've had to remove the official rubber chicken from Parliament.
 It's really said they're an out-of-the-sector, and that's the one prop they have here.
 Anyway, this captain recorded in his diary in 1740 that we dared not venture any sail abroad,
 so instead we had to put the helm of weather, as in, I think, face the helm towards the wind
 and man the four shrouds. And in kind of classic 1700s understatement, he recorded,
 "It proved successful for the end intended, although one of our best men did go overboard."
 Wow. So, yeah, good trick.
 Feels like a rare move. Yeah, it must have been. They might have been doing it often.
 I would say it was what we might call a life hack. It came up a bit. I was reading in a...
 In Captain's Weekly. These 12 weird tricks. You won't believe number eight.
 I think it was... Silas, hate him. But, like, was that the only thing they used the sailors for?
 Could you have used one as an oar, for instance? Lovely. Yeah.
 Your tallest, straightest soldier could be used. Bigster Tony. Yeah, exactly, yeah.
 I didn't... You could look into that, because they did sometimes. I read one thing in an 1810
 book of sailing instructions that said, "If you're in a gale, you either man the four shrouds,
 or if you've got some spare canvas or hammocks," which, I guess, the sailors are desperately
 struggling for hammocks at this point to get up there instead. If you've got some hammocks,
 you put them up there instead. Yeah. Well, that did actually happen once with the
 hammocks. But in the 1920s, so that was a good, what, 200 years after? They were still using
 random hammocks and blankets and things. So why were they doing that? Yeah, so there was a US
 submarine that ran out of fuel and lost communications. A sail not very useful in the submarine, I would say.
 What? What? You would think. You would think. There should be a milk cow around here somewhere.
 We'll be actually taking them all out at that point. They thought, "How are we going to get home?"
 And so the commanding officer basically commanded his men to grab the hammocks and grab the blankets
 and grab the bunk bed frames. And they built masts and sails and put them on their submarine
 and sailed their submarine home. That is so cool. Because submarines weren't mostly surface vessels,
 weren't they, in the '10s and '20s? Were they? Well, they just called Marines then.
 Well, they couldn't go down for long, could they? They could, like, early proto-submarines.
 Did everyone on board have to hold their breath?
 Age of sail stuff is so, is so cool. I just, I really, really like all of it. So I got some
 nautical slang for you. The manning the foreshadows thing, I thought. This is to a
 guide to nautical slang from John Hard. And it was published only about 30 years ago. So it's
 got some more modern stuff. "Bronzy bronzy". It's where you conferred in a battle. That's right.
 Really bad result. Cold and silver. And you're like, "Ah, bad news. We got bronzy bronzy this time."
 You didn't even lose. No, that's suntanned, if you're suntanned.
 Bunch of bastards. The French. Always correct. But it's also some tangled rope.
 Bunghole. Ah, no. Is it the Agnes? The newest recruit always had to,
 it was part of the initiation ceremony, wasn't it? Bunghole. No, that's just some cheese.
 What? Cheese. Is it, do they use the cheese sometimes to bung up holes?
 Yeah, maybe. So it's just, bunghole is cheese. Do you know what a nip cheese was? Oh, no.
 This was in a book called The Sailor's Word book, an alphabetical digest of nautical terms,
 which is a very, very old. Nip cheese. Nip cheese. So I'm imagining it's not a kind of cheese.
 Is it just mice on boats? Oh, that's a great one. No, it's not quite that.
 We ain't got any ideas. Oh, I mean, yes, but... I'm not sure.
 Is it a nipple thing? No, it's not an Andy. Well, quite, as if, like, you guys are parents,
 you've heard of like neck cheese, right? Oh, as in they get stuck in the folds.
 Yeah, you know, like, you know, kind of when a baby's breastfeeding and then
 the breast milk kind of dribbles down and then kind of gets stuck in the folds of their neck.
 Yeah, yeah. It's never got to a cheese like status, I have to say, in my experience. I've
 never been able to ferment it properly. But despite your best efforts, is it?
 Oh, yeah. I love any cheese. No, it's not the same as that, but on the nipples.
 It's the name for a purse's steward. So the person who looks after the money,
 if you imagine, like, cutting bits of cheese to kind of share the money.
 He's like cheese pairing. Yeah, exactly like that. Stingy. Yeah, yeah.
 Do you know why we call a poop deck a poop deck? Everyone shouts on it.
 I don't know. Everyone shouts on it. That's what they did with it. Yeah. What's a poop deck?
 Well, a particular deck on the ship, not the main deck. The back. Well, there's the four deck,
 there's the main deck and I don't know where the poop deck is actually. Well, if you knew that,
 it might give you a clue. Is it at the back? It's on the stern and it comes from the French
 la poop, which means the stern. Love the boat. And for that reason, you have some other things.
 You have the pooping sea and that is where you're going down the sea and the current is going at
 the same speed as your stern. So your rudder can't really get any purchase because you're
 going at the same speed as the water. That's great. Do you know what a bunting tosser is?
 Someone from the Jubilee. Is it? That's right.
 Actually, you're dead on. Oh, have I? Well, it kind of, it is flag-related.
 It's a radio operator and that would traditionally have been a signalman
 who has is raising the signal flags and so bunting tosser. That's exactly what I said.
 Snorkers. Just sausages guys. Just sausages. Oh, okay. And the beach master. The beach master.
 He was someone who stood on the beach and said, "This way guys. This way. Keep going. Keep going.
 Keep going. Oh, too far. Too far. Oh, shit. Do you know what? I'm going to give you that.
 Well, and again, this is going to be something completely different.
 Did he have those kind of like ping pong bats? That's it. Yeah. It's a superior officer who is
 appointed to lead the storming party. The beach master. So yeah. Do you remember we talked two
 weeks ago about elephant seals? They're beach masters. Our heaps of jubia. Is there ever been
 a situation where an elephant seal beach master and the British naval beach master have been
 mixed up with hilarious consequences? Dozens. Oh, no. The storming party is just one
 elephant seal with his harem of a hundred females. That's great. I mean, you would run away, wouldn't
 you? Yeah. Scary. This is sort of relates back to the Bletchleef Act, but there was a Cornish
 pirate called Robert Culliford, and he once loaded their cannons with China crockery in the hope that
 it would tear the sails of the opposition ships. That's a great idea, didn't it? How'd that work?
 It did not work well. They actually exploded into a fine powder by the time they had met the enemy
 sails. So just rained down. Nice bit of rain. Yes. I think they also, they did that in the
 Trojan War, didn't they? And that's why Greek people, to this day, smash plates at the end of a meal.
 Have you heard of the pine tree riot? This is a thing that pretty much prompted the American War
 of Independence and was directly related to the navy. Okay. Well, was it tax related? Yes.
 Just getting it all right. I mean, actually, you have got it right. Yeah. So basically,
 Britain and France both wanted to build ships and to build a ship with a big mast, you need a big
 tree. I got this, by the way, from a brilliant book called The Age of Wood, which is such a
 good book. You thought it was something different, didn't you? Britain had very little forest at this
 time, partly because it's kind of all into ships, and had to get them from America, because in America
 there are these gorgeous massive pine trees that will make a cracking mast. Yeah. And they had all
 sorts of trouble. They basically decreed, right, all trees over 24 inches across, which is what you
 need for a ship mast. They belong to the Crown, and we mark them with a little arrow and their
 hours, and you can't have them, you colonists. And in fact, having wide floorboards was a sign that
 you were a patriotic American colonist that you were just cocking a snook at the British,
 because you had used these wide trees. Nice. Rather than glowing the British up.
 You rebel you with your wide floorboards. And this all led to this confrontation where the British
 sent the authorities to try and say, look, these really are our trees, and the Americans kind of
 sent them away with their tail between their legs and embarrassed them and humiliated them.
 And this was a thing called the Pine Tree Riot, and that was 1772, and that pretty much led
 on to the Boston Tea Party, 1773, and from there, you know, everything went downhill.
 Yeah, but that was like, that was mostly mast related. Interesting. Yeah. The age of wood,
 by the way, just count the rigs, that'll do it. Fantastic. James, we did spend a 300 paid contract
 with the British. I was looking a bit into what sails are made out of. And nowadays,
 they can be all sorts from natural fibers like cotton and blacks to synthetic fibers like nylon,
 polyester, all of that. But one thing I found that was quite interesting to me was that hemp
 was used basically throughout the ship for everything. So hemp oil was used in the lamps,
 the sailors would wear clothing made out of hemp, the ship's logs would be written on hemp paper.
 But it turns out that some of these massive sailing ships, they would actually carry hemp
 seeds with them so that if they ended up in a shipwreck or they had damage, they could plant the
 seeds to grow hemp. Grow your ship! And then mend their rope or their canvas, because hemp is one
 of the fastest growing plants on earth. That's fantastic. That's really cool. And they would use
 hemp to make the canvas for the sails and the ropes. And the word canvas actually comes from
 the word cannabis. Get away! It's good. Which is the same plant as hemp. Which is, yeah. For any
 squares listening. Sorry, just quick mention of the old wacky-backy.
 Okay, we should move on to fact number three. And that is Andy.
 My fact is that reindeer can chew in their sleep. Oh, that's useful. It's so cool.
 Gavaskorn must do a good business in the reindeer community, wasn't it?
 So it's really clever. It's all to do with where they live because they live in the very high regions
 of the earth. Not necessarily higher, I would say. I mean further north. Not like on top of Everest.
 Okay, we're being squares about it. This is why you never travel north of Watford. You're like,
 "Oh, I'm so higher." I can't get the oxygen. Okay, they live in the Arctic Circle. We're being
 like, "Do we be?" Yeah, sure. And obviously the light there changes a lot, doesn't it? So some
 of the year, it's always light. Some of the year, it's never light. It's dark for ages.
 And they have a very, very weak body clock. So in summer, they have to eat a great deal all the
 time to gain weight to survive the winter. And they're ruminants, so they bring food back up
 from one of their stomachs and they keep chewing it. And because they're having to do a lot of this
 during the summer, they will regurgitate food and they will keep chewing it while they're asleep.
 We weren't sure before what they were doing. They just look a bit dazed and a bit
 dozy. And the Norwegian Institute of Bioeconomy Research have measured their brainwaves while
 they're doing this, standing around chewing. And it sounds like they are in a light stage of sleep
 while they're eating. That's brilliant. Wait, we couldn't tell if they were asleep. Do they not
 have their eyes closed? I think brain activity is a better guide, isn't it, than whether you've got
 your eyes closed. It's not like every time you close your eyes, you're asleep. No, I know. I just
 feel like I'd know if I just looked at the reindeer. You'd be like, "Well, they're obviously asleep."
 You've just fell asleep for a second there.
 That thing is really interesting about the body clocks because it means they don't get jet-lagged,
 right? So our body clock is 24 hours. We deal with the light, the dark, we're on a 24-hour clock.
 If we go through some time zones, then we're not on 24 hours anymore and we're all over the place.
 But if reindeers would do regular flights to Australia, like they might do once a year
 to deliver presents, for instance, they wouldn't get jet-lagged. And the interesting thing about
 that is, you know, there are gene variants that cause this and maybe we can turn those genes on
 and off in humans one day to stop humans from getting jet-lagged. That feels like a drastic
 intervention for jet lag. Yeah, we would also grow horns. Yeah, reindeer. Reindeer are cool,
 aren't they? Most of my facts are about the Sami people who are obsessed with reindeer.
 But, well, I say obsessed. Obsessed with, usually, reliant on them for their survival.
 Guys, get over there. Obsessed with oxygen and water.
 No, I love the Sami people. They are the people who live up in the Arctic Circle, really,
 in the northern parts of Norway and Sweden and Finland. The high places of the earth.
 The high places, yes. So they paid their taxes in live reindeer for a long time. They have special
 designations sort of in the sort of equivalent of the Magna Carta of that region. So it's called
 the Lap Kodassil and it was a clause added to the 1751 Treaty which designated the borders of all
 those countries. And it said that they are allowed to move totally freely across borders because the
 reindeer need to move across borders and they need to herd them. Although herding reindeer is
 basically just following them, I think. Oh, really? The reindeer go where they want to find
 food to get sustenance to go to better climates and the Sami people just follow them to make sure
 they keep. That is mostly true. You can get them to go in the direction you want. And the way you
 do that is you piss in a bottle and you carry it around with you and if they start going in the
 direction you don't want them to go in, you pour a little bit in this direction and they all go,
 "Oh, piss lovely" and they all walk towards where the piss smell is because it's like got salt and
 minerals and stuff like that. Oh, just a life hack, we call that. Good to know. Anyway, they have over
 a thousand words for reindeer and they really do because reindeer are so important. So they have
 like a liami, which means a short fat female reindeer. They have a snari, a reindeer whose
 antlers are short and branched. A nijiru is an unmanageable female. And they're a bit sexist
 these names, aren't they? There's no room for your woke political niceties in the unforgiving
 tundra, James. Well, there's a lot of snowflakes up there I have heard.
 That's cool. They do have a word for a bull with one testicle. So maybe the feminist reindeer are
 getting upset and cutting off the testicles of the males. They have night vision goggles,
 effectively, inside their eyes. Reindeer. So reindeer's eyes change colour over the season.
 So they're golden in summer and then they're blue in the winter. And the reason that's helpful
 is that in winter they can see a lot more UV light. And the reason that UV light is helpful
 is that their favourite food is this thing called reindeer moss. Disappointingly, it's a kind of
 lichen. But it's really yummy and it's very nutritious and there's a lot of it about in the
 Arctic. So reindeer love it and they like to find it. And it's impossible for a human to find it
 because it's pale. But to a reindeer it's incredibly obvious where the patches of reindeer moss are
 because it looks a completely different colour to them. Because I think snow gives off UV light,
 doesn't it? Whereas it doesn't. So it looks like dark because they have this ability to see the UV
 light. They can see what the moss is. So it's very, very cool. They're very well adapted for their
 environment. What's interesting is that they're not actually 100% sure how the eyeball actually
 changes from golden to blue. And we should say as well actually that the colour changes not in your
 iris. No, because otherwise it sounds insane that they've discovered this in like 2030. It's like
 wait a minute, we've domesticated these guys for how long? We've not looked at their eyes? So yeah,
 it's not that you're looking at them on the outside and their eye colour changes. It's the inside.
 It's the thing called the tappatum lucidum, I think I'm saying that correctly,
 which is kind of on the back of the eye and it does all of the reflecting of the light
 around your eye. Well, you would see that, I reckon, is if you were taking a photo of a load
 of reindeer and one of them looked directly at the flash, I reckon you would see the changes over
 there. Is that right? Yeah, that's why if you photograph animals in the dark, yeah, that's their
 tappatum lucidum. Because that's why we get red eyes is because the back of our eyes is red,
 because it's got a lot of blood in there. And so when the flash goes, you see the light goes into
 the back of your eye where all the blood vessels are. And that's why you get red eyes. Is that why
 you get red eyes? In old, like mostly in old, is it from film photos? Do you get that on digital
 photos now? I've seen newer photos, yeah. Do you? Yeah, yeah. I've never done that. So that doesn't
 point that no one had ever taken a photograph of a reindeer. I've never taken it with flash, at least.
 I think it's quite hard to take a photo of reindeer with flash. They're very camera shy, aren't they?
 Well, they have a very shiny nose. Oh, your nose has come out red in this one and this one.
 I didn't know the UK has reindeer. I was incredibly excited to find that out.
 There's one wild herd of reindeer and they're at the Cairngorm reindeer centre, but they are wild.
 It's not a zoo or an enclosure. They're not penned. High up. Very high up, near Inverness. I mean,
 probably in the top of the mountains because it's the Cairngorms I was thinking as opposed to.
 Well, that too. And they were introduced by this great couple, Mikkel Utsi and his wife,
 Dr Ethel Lindgren in 1952, probably overshadowed by the change of monarchy and the Everest
 expedition. But still, and they gave them all these furious reasons of why we could, because
 it's basically early rewilding, you know, just by any other name. And the reasons they gave these
 two scientists, they said, well, great source of meat, great source of fur, useful for military
 transport in case of the Cold War turning hot. Sure. I saw that and I couldn't work out what,
 did they imagine that they would be bringing the reindeer to the Soviet Union and using them to
 transport stuff like military equipment or maybe are we being invaded? Nuclear winter,
 maybe. And so we get a load of snow. They might be useful. There was a story in the Russian press
 in the, when was this? It was in the 2000s that criminals like gangs were using reindeer to do
 their crimes. And the reason being that they were in Siberia. So the police are coming to get them.
 And the police had snowmobiles, but the reindeer were quicker than the snowmobiles.
 And so the criminals realised that and they would use them to...
 Is there like getaway vehicle? Yeah, yeah, getaway. Cool.
 Would they ride them? No, they'd be pulled on sleighs. Yeah.
 Doesn't sound weird, these got-nick-russian criminals being pulled by...
 And children running to them.
 Well, if you've just robbed a bank, though, you've probably got sacks of money waiting on the back
 of the sleigh. Yeah. And one will fall off. Maybe that's the origin of the Santa Claus myth.
 But the Kengor reindeer-centred staff, very excitingly, they did a naked calendar just
 a few years ago. Naked humans or naked reindeer? Naked the reindeer, I think,
 were mostly in harnesses and things. They didn't shave them all. They all died of cold.
 No, but there were 17 herders and they're all posing in the hall together to raise money for
 the Kengor mountain rescue team. Did we approve of this? I mean, like, I don't mind
 that group of what were they, Women's Institute people doing it the first time.
 You've repeatedly turned down my idea, James, for a fish nude calendar where we're all hiding behind
 facts. But this trend of people doing this? Well, I'll just give you a line from the
 photographer who said... Who said, "It's very cold in the Kengars."
 Taking pictures of my naked friends and colleagues, not to mention my girlfriend's mum
 was certainly a surreal experience. I can't believe they fell for it, who said?
 She goes from town to town posing naked calendars. It's really nice to hear for a
 perfect scam, isn't it? Just go to another office. Hello! I'm just wondering if you like a naked
 calendar or a cherry. Oh, I want a dark film, "Canada Girls" because I can't put that lens on it.
 Oh, dear. Good gracious. More stuff on reindeer, guys. They are very fast. The robbers are right.
 And they're fast and very young. They can outrun an Olympic sprinter when they're only a day old.
 Stop it. That's so cool. What? Newborns can stand and walk almost straight away,
 and then within an hour, they can run. That is very good. Which is good. It makes me wonder if
 they do that competition within 15 minutes. Some parents are like, "Mine's actually running already."
 You should get Santa's reindeer to be your financial advisors.
 Because they're not employed for the rest of the year. Very nice.
 Or they're free in January for the tax deadline. Exactly. They're twiddling their hooves otherwise.
 So what it is is that a team of researchers at Dartmouth College, bearing in mind this is an
 Ivy League University, right? They did a very, very serious study where they got a bunch of
 Santa's reindeer at a local kind of Christmas theme park. They were Dasha, Dancer, Prancer, Vixen, Comet,
 Cupid, Donna, Blitz and Rudolph, and Boris. Boris was a trainee.
 Can I just ask, are these real reindeer, and are they really Santa's reindeer?
 They are real reindeer, and Santa is real. Okay, cool. So they're living reindeer. It wasn't like,
 "Mod, okay, right?" And what they did was they laid out copies of the Wall Street Journal's stock
 pages on the floor of their barn, and they got them to select stocks that they wanted them to buy.
 So they made hoof prints on the newspaper pages, and then they went and purchased these stocks to
 create a reindeer portfolio. And they found that it outdid the S&P 500, which is the kind of top
 500 companies in the US. It outdid the growth of those companies by 5%. And apparently, that's
 statistically significant. What? Is it? Is it apparently so? There's the Ivy League researchers.
 But the thing that they did... Sorry, just to say, that is significant. If you could make 5% more
 than the average on the stock market, and you could consistently do that, then you'd be very
 rich. Yeah, you'd be doing well. That's the consistently thing, isn't it? Well, all we have is
 evidence that they are consistent. No, over six months. But the reason why they did this was
 kind of to prove that senators and congressmen, who are often in America accused of using their
 inside knowledge to play the stock market, that what they did was they compared the portfolios
 of the senators to the reindeer portfolio and found that the reindeer was still better than the
 senators and the congressmen who had inside knowledge. And one of the researchers actually said
 that it turns out that these politicians are as feckless as the rest of us at stock pickings.
 Well, it could be that they're scrupulously honest, and they don't use any of their internal
 knowledge. Very, very good point. Very good point. And maybe they prove that with the reindeer
 portfolio. Or it could be reindeers are absolutely massive inside of it. They're going around the
 country once a year, like while Santas delivering the presents, they're hecking into emails. They go
 through the filing cabinet. Yeah, they always take a bite out of the apple, drink the sherry,
 and go through all of your books. Why are there hoof prints left inside the house after he's been?
 It doesn't make any sense. No, you're so right. Do they fall down the chimney? This should be on
 the roof. Yeah, who found the roof. That's a good title for a children's book. Lovely. Don't
 give your reindeer's carrots. Why not? I don't know any reindeers. Next question. No, I'm listening.
 I do. Yeah. Well, just because we were saying about, you know, sherry and Ms. Pisces, I mean,
 don't give them them either. But yeah, they can't digest them. But what am I going to cover my penis
 with in the naked calendar? Maybe there's some other baby vegetables that they make. I don't know.
 Let's see if I can find a runner bean.
 Great stuff. Okay. All right, it's time to pee. Do you want to go now?
 A pee's not going to be big enough.
 Okay, it is time for our final fact this week, and that is James. Okay,
 my fact this week is that from 1841 to 1851, the MP for thirst thought he was a bird.
 He was then replaced by a man who was later killed by a turnip.
 Was he killed by an actual turnip or another MP who thought he was a turnip?
 He was killed by an actual turnip. Did it get into the campaign literature?
 Vote for me. The other guy thinks he's a bird.
 I'm safe around turnips.
 There wasn't much in the way of campaigning in these days, especially in thirst.
 All of these people all got in without any opponents. Who do you want to hear about first?
 The bird of the bird man, I think. Okay, the bird man of thirst was a guy called John Bell.
 Basically, in this area, they had to have an MP. They had a railway and there were a few people
 living there. They had to have an MP, and there wasn't really anyone to do it. A few people from
 outside of the town came in. They might want to do it, but no one in the town wanted to vote for
 them. So they all voted for this guy called John Bell because his family owned half of the houses
 in the town, and everyone liked them. He was the right man for the job, really.
 So they voted for him, but after he'd been in there for a little while, it turned out that he
 was of unsound mind, and they did an inquiry as to his unsoundness of mind, which took place at
 the three tons hotel in thirst, which is now a Weatherspoons. In this inquiry, they said that
 he sometimes fancied himself to be an eagle and made motions with his arms as if endeavouring
 to raise himself from the ground to fly. He was also convinced that someone was trying to poison
 him with iodine in his tea. A bit of a callback to the last episode, iodine. And then on other
 occasions, when in company, he would forget that he was at the dinner table and start to undress
 himself. But in those days, there was no way to get rid of someone. If they were an MP and there
 wasn't an election, and even if there was an election and people there wanted to send back
 the same guy, there's no way to get rid of them if they were of unsound mind. I guess I don't even
 know how you would now, because in fact, then legislation was introduced, and then there were
 various upgrades to it. But I think it was all repealed in about 2012 or 13. So, you know...
 I can't imagine any of our politicians would be of unsound mind.
 You're right. It's just not relevant anymore. And anyway, he unfortunately died.
 Was he an honest MP, by the way, or was he feathering his own nest?
 Very good. Thank you. Any more of that?
 No, no, no. I just had that one stored up and I didn't want it to sit around inside me.
 I can't wait for your turnip pun that's upcoming. Because he was replaced by a guy called Sir
 William Payne Galway, and he was out shooting in the parish, and he walked across a turnip field,
 and he fell with his body onto a turnip. I'm quoting from the York Herald here.
 He fell with his body onto a turnip, sustaining severe internal injuries.
 No, that's a fake excuse when you're talking to the hospital, isn't it?
 And in the Hoover, I just kicked him when the vacuum was on.
 He was nakedly shooting in a field, and he fell and the turnip went up his arse.
 No, he fell on the turnip and injured himself, and the next day he failed to recover.
 And turnips are not funny things to fall onto. They're big serious. They're big hard things, you know.
 I mean, turnips are inherently funny, I think. Sorry. I don't know why I said that,
 but they're not really funny. He wasn't the only MP who died in a turnip-related incident.
 I don't know if you guys found the story of Lewis Fenton, the wig MP for Huddersfield.
 So he died a little earlier than this. This was 1833, about 50 years before,
 and he fell out of a window at home. Very sadly, he died of his injuries,
 you know, tragic, and his widow explained that he was in the habit of going up to the attic
 to look out of the window at a piece of ground where his turnips were growing.
 Oh, yeah.
 To make sure that the cows had not, also his cows, had not got into the turnip enclosure,
 and were not, you know, yet.
 So when he'd disappear for hours at a time, he'd be like, "No, darling, you know,
 I'm watching the turnips. I promise I'm watching the turnips."
 Some strange noises come out of the attic. No, no, that's my turnip watching.
 I don't think we're going to imply anything unsavory about a turnip.
 The band's dead, well, he should be, you know, and he probably just was looking so much that
 he overbalanced and tipped out of the window. Must have been, must have been, yeah.
 I was just, just the word for the mental disorder that you have when you think you are,
 let's say, a bird is clinical lycanthropy, which I just looked up and I was wondering
 whether it was a thing.
 Like a werewolf.
 I think lycanthropy must be werewolf.
 It comes from the idea of, yeah, exactly, being like a wolf,
 but it applies to thinking you're like any animal.
 I guess they couldn't be asked to come up with a different word for thinking you're like.
 You were thinking it would be zotropy or something.
 Yeah, I get, but it must be more common to think you're a wolf.
 But I just, I like the Wikipedia page on clinical lycanthropy
 just because it used the case history of a 25 year old man who was sent for treatment
 during a period of excessive hand washing, irritable behaviour, decreased sleep,
 and acting like a buffalo.
 Buffaloes famously obsessively wash their hands.
 They do.
 No, that's a bison.
 Brilliant, there we go. Brilliant.
 That's a bucket list joke.
 That was one.
 I got that from a Christmas cracker 25 years ago and I've been trying to, she hold it in.
 Oh my god.
 The MP's page on Wikipedia for notable MPs with records in various directions
 is unbelievably good.
 I don't know who's written that, but it's...
 What do you mean records in directions?
 So here's one.
 The youngest MP ever in the House of Commons in England.
 Oh yeah.
 Christopher Monk who was elected MP for Devon aged 13.
 Yeah.
 How old did he become a monk?
 That's the question.
 Brilliant.
 You know the interesting thing about Christopher Monk?
 I haven't seen that page, but I do have him in my notes.
 Fantastic.
 And he in 1681 arranged a boxing match between his butler and his butcher,
 which is the first recorded boxing match in England.
 That's really good.
 Yeah, 1681.
 He's a real man of the people as well, wasn't he?
 And the butcher won, we know, but we don't know much more about that.
 He had a big right hook, didn't he?
 Yeah, I like it.
 Nice.
 Thank you.
 They're all coming out tonight.
 Oh yeah.
 Wow.
 But the oldest MP, Samuel Young, are on a list.
 No, that's brilliant.
 Served until he was 96 years old.
 Really impressive.
 How old was Baroness Trumpington when she died?
 She was really old.
 She was in the Lords, and I think most people in the Lords are at least 90, aren't they?
 But you know, Parliament wasn't for a long time, it was very unofficial,
 but you know, it was local landowners, and then it was Barons,
 and then as they gradually extended the right to vote to more people,
 they gradually thought, "Probably can't be only Baroness.
 We've got it in the house of Trump."
 Whatever.
 Yeah, yeah.
 I liked George Sitwell, who's actually Edith Sitwell, the poet's dad,
 but he was an MP in the 1880s and 90s, MP for Scarborough,
 and he was just a fun guy.
 He spent his time writing books.
 He wrote books on pig keeping in the 13th century, lepers squints.
 Acorns is an article of medieval diet and the history of the fork.
 Lepers squints.
 Yeah, wrote a book.
 I don't think he got these books published.
 He sounds very much like a QI researcher.
 Yeah, he really does.
 Researching random topics of his own interest.
 He does, and actually, very creative as well, as we all have to be,
 because he invented a musical toothbrush that played a song while you cleaned your teeth.
 That is good.
 That's good.
 This one in the 1880s.
 Yeah.
 He also invented a mini gun for shooting wasps, and the Sitwell egg.
 It was nothing, you know, you didn't sit on it.
 It wasn't a Gwyneth Paltrow kind of freak.
 You're sitting well.
 Tell me about it.
 Got the egg up there.
 No, it was made of smoked meat, which was the yolk,
 and then it was wrapped in the white, which was rice,
 and then a synthetic shell around it, and he tried to sell it into his self-ridges.
 So he was trying to have a new Scotch egg, basically.
 But we go stock with rice, did you say?
 With rice, exactly.
 Well, that's like an umu subi, like the kind of Japanese one.
 Yes, I was actually going to say sushi,
 but it sounds like you've said the proper thing that it is.
 Apparently, when he went to self-ridges,
 he walked into the front door and said,
 "I am Sir George Sitwell, and I brought my egg with me."
 Hello, dragons.
 I love Ignatius Timothy Trebich Lincoln.
 So do I.
 Another man of the people judging by his name, clearly.
 But he had the most insane CV of anybody I have ever heard of.
 So he was born in Hungary to an Orthodox Jewish family.
 He was a student rabbi, but then he became wanted for petty theft.
 So he fled to London, he became a Christian,
 and then he went to Canada as a Presbyterian missionary,
 and then he went back to England as an Anglican curate,
 and then he was an MP for Darlington in 1910.
 He ran out of money, so he stopped being an MP.
 He became a speculator in Romanian oil,
 a German continental spy in World War I,
 and then a munition merchant in China.
 And then he converted to Buddhism, became a monk,
 and then tried to become a Nazi collaborator.
 That all sounds very tiring.
 He could have just been a liar.
 And then you could do all that stuff.
 That's true, but the absolute cherry on the cake for me is that
 he made contact with the Nazis, right?
 Because he said to him, "Listen,
 I have declared myself the Dalai Lama."
 And I am backed by the Japanese.
 The Tibetans were less keen on this idea,
 but the Japanese were like,
 "Yeah, this random Hungarian Jewish Christian MP guy,
 he can be our Dalai Lama."
 And he said, "I can help you lead a Buddhist uprising
 in the East for the Nazis."
 That's a great alternative history of the war.
 Right.
 Did they go for it?
 Unfortunately, they didn't, sadly.
 Sadly.
 Sadly, the Nazis did the war.
 But how amazing would history would have been
 if the Hungarian Dalai Lama?
 Good grief.
 The names are incredible.
 What's he called it? Ignatius?
 Ignatius Timothy Trebuch Lincoln.
 They do have just good...
 I don't know whether it's like minor aristocracy
 who are the kind of people who wear MPs in the 17th century,
 but Sir Freshville Hollars.
 Lovely.
 Grimsby.
 I was looking at MPs who'd been injured in the line of...
 Not the line of duty, actually, just in their lives in general,
 because there were lots who'd lost arms in sea battles,
 as Sir Freshville did.
 Sackville Tufton was wounded in the Battle of Schuenevelt.
 Brooke Watson lost his right leg to a shark in Havana in 1749.
 I mean, these guys had really interesting careers.
 What's he doing there?
 Sailing around.
 He was being used as an ore, wasn't he?
 John Stubbs, I love this.
 This is a really interesting one.
 He was the MP for Great Yarmouth.
 He lost a hand for distributing a pamphlet
 in 1579.
 What, to a lion?
 Oh, to a pamphlet.
 Paper cut.
 Bad paper cut.
 His pamphlet was titled,
 "The discovery of a gaping gulf where unto England
 is like to be swallowed by another French marriage
 if the Lord forbid not the bans."
 And it was arguing that Queen Elizabeth
 was too old to have children,
 and she should therefore not marry the Duke of Anjou,
 who was a French prince,
 and he was sentenced to death.
 And then that was commuted to losing a hand.
 And then just before it happened,
 he said, "Pray for me now.
 My calamity is at hand."
 Oh, yeah.
 Oh, funny.
 It's just nice of a pun to go before...
 It should have had a podcast.
 He would have loved my bison gel, Gary.
 Speaking of excellent names,
 just a very quick one here for you.
 The Labour MP for Brockstow from 1929 to 1953
 was called Seymour Cox.
 Brilliant.
 Wow.
 Brilliant.
 Can't believe I've never heard of him.
 I mean, as if you're not going to cross next to his name.
 You don't need to come after Seymour, do you?
 Seymour Cox.
 Yeah, that was his name.
 It was also his campaign slogan.
 But that's like a name that Bart would ring up most bar with.
 Seymour Cox.
 I don't know what x-rated Simpsons you've been watching.
 Wow.
 Seymour Cox.
 Um, just one more said the MP.
 Or, except for MP.
 Yeah.
 Um, God, it's so hard to choose.
 There have been so many, but I do like John Mitten,
 who was a Tory MP in 1819.
 Not for very long, because he found it really boring.
 But he just did lots of fun stuff.
 He once rode a horse into a hotel in Leamington Spa
 and rode it up the grand staircase in the middle
 onto a balcony and then jumped it down from the balcony
 over the diners in the restaurant below
 and out through the window.
 If you're rich and a man here, a middle class,
 you could be a cuck for me.
 I don't even think it was middle class, to be honest.
 He was very, very, very...
 He would hunt a lot and like to do it naked.
 Sometimes he'd start to hunt clothes
 and then apparently get so excited mid-hunt
 that he'd strip off all his clothes
 and then arrive back naked.
 And in winter as well, so quite hardy,
 then he hunted ducks on a frozen lake naked as well.
 He liked animals, I don't know if that ingrates you.
 It doesn't sound like he did,
 because he was hunting all the time.
 He liked very specific animals.
 I love animals.
 I love shooting them.
 I love hunting them.
 Much like a lot of people who like hunting
 and killing certain animals.
 He loved other animals, like his horse,
 who he used to nap with by the fireplace
 and who lived inside his house with him.
 He's one of these people who...
 The stories are incredible
 and you think he would have been a nightmare
 to have in your extended family
 because it's always Mad Jack Mittens turned up
 and done something wacky again.
 And I think he died in poverty, in debt,
 in prison at the age of about 30.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Am I allowed to say good?
 Well, yeah, you can tell what you like.
 Yeah, he was a very eccentric dude.
 He was, he loved being naked.
 That's not eccentric.
 No, it's illegal.
 It's not illegal.
 It's actually only illegal
 if you're causing hard-walled distress or intending to.
 Sorry, you don't need to justify yourself to me.
 And that very well-positioned baby carrot
 saves your blushes anyway.
 My calendar, it's not a company one.
 It's just, this is actually legal calendar, 2024.
 I'm not intending a larval distress.
 And if you feel it, that's on you.
 Well, I apologise if.
 Sorry about the way you feel calendar.
 Okay, that's all of our facts
 and thank you so much for listening.
 We'll be back again next week
 with another episode.
 In the meantime, you can get in touch with any of us
 on various social media accounts.
 James.
 I'm on Twitter @JamesHarken.
 Andy.
 @AndrewHunterM.
 Liam.
 I'm not on anything.
 Good on you, me neither.
 But if you want to get in touch with a lot of us,
 you can email podcast.qi.com
 or you can tweet @NoSuchThing.
 Or feel free to go to our website
 where you can get all our episodes
 and links to various other things that we do.
 That's no such thing as a fish.com.
 That will also give you a link to Club Fish,
 which is our special secret society,
 subscriber society where we put all of our good content.
 I think it's where you can buy Andy's new calendar, isn't it?
 Certainly is.
 You actually get someone whether you want to or not.
 You have to pay extra not to get the calendar.
 And other than that,
 please join us again next week for another episode.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 We'll see you again.
 Goodbye.
 [Music]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
