 Hello and welcome to another episode of "No Such Thing as a Fish" a weekly podcast
 coming to you from the QI offices in Covenant Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber, I am sitting here with Aniches enski, Andrew Hunter Murray and
 James Harkin and once again we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite
 facts from the last seven days and in no particular order here we go, starting with you, James.
 Okay my fact this week is that using too much red lipstick can make your urine turn red.
 That's weird so it gets into your kidney somehow.
 Yeah, I reckon.
 How do you wear lipstick?
 I must have worn it wrong before at times I've worn it, not wearing it on the outside,
 are you?
 I screwed it up, you put it on your tongue didn't you?
 So I found this on the website of improbable research our friends who also make the Ig Nobel
 Prizes and this was a case for 28 year old woman who turned up at a nephrology clinic with
 a five day history of passing red colored urine but she didn't have any other symptoms,
 she had no pain, she didn't have chills, she didn't have anything else that could have
 caused this like blood in your urine for instance and the doctor said that the only noticeable
 feature was her bright red lipstick, which I think is a bit harsh actually, I'm sure she
 had lots of other great features but anyway they tested all the other things like her liver
 function and her blood counts and everything like that and they found out that she would
 apply her lipstick 20 to 25 times a day and they worked out that it was the lipstick that
 was causing the urine to turn red.
 It kind of makes sense because like lots of things can make your urine turn colors like
 lots of food so if she's accidentally ingesting this stuff then it could happen.
 So that's an abnormal number of times to reapply lipstick over the course of the day?
 It's certainly more than I've ever done.
 Wow.
 It's weird because just the idea that it's like say beetroot not known to color your urine
 I don't think so much as the back passage when you go to the toilet.
 No, it doesn't pass.
 What?
 It's more commonly known to color your urine, yeah it is.
 So discreet the way you said back passage.
 It doesn't color your back passage, although it might do.
 No.
 It's more like the thing that comes out of your back passage.
 I mean it's a bit of a stain on me.
 How have you been eating it?
 Have you been having the beetroot supposed to trees again?
 Exactly.
 I've been smuggling.
 Do you get that then?
 Yeah, I do.
 Yeah, I've stopped eating beetroot off the back of that.
 I found it too scary to look down to a blood bath in my toilet.
 But you are quite special.
 So it's only like maximum 14% of people who get any kind of coloration from beetroot.
 So it's quite lucky to have it.
 Lucky you.
 And what percentage is through the ages?
 We should say in case people start to panic at home, it does also come in the poo.
 It comes back at both sides.
 Oh okay.
 But it's, yeah and it's called beeturia, the condition and it's harmless but if you suddenly
 start doing it and you've never done it before.
 So if suddenly you beetroot, you're wee red or you poo red and it hasn't happened before,
 then you should get checked out because it might be an iron deficiency because the reason
 that most of us don't have red wee when we eat beetroot is because the iron reacts with
 the red pigment which is called better lane.
 So any iron in our stomach reacts with that and so that creates a different compound
 which isn't red.
 And so you might be iron deficient if you're not doing that.
 That's interesting because you I know and also I don't like beetroot.
 I never eat it and I love it.
 So if I ever have iron deficiency, I'm going to be one of the first to know about it.
 You are one of the first people on earth.
 We could be an even guy to might be.
 Yeah exactly, but you would never know right?
 Yeah.
 Maybe this is why I faint 15 times.
 And it's only some lipsticks I think that can do it and it just happened that this lady
 was doing it because apparently most of them dissolve in fats and so once, even if you
 apply certain lipsticks lots of times a day, you might be alright.
 We won't turn red but this will.
 When we go on tar, we ask people to send their own fats and one of the most common ones
 that I get is that if you want to choose the perfect shade of nude lipstick that looks
 natural, then you should get the color that is the same color as your nipples.
 Oh.
 This is an unbelievably common fact that I get said.
 It's so weird that it's one of the few that I get like five or six times every tar.
 Wow.
 It's because you keep wearing lipstick that really clashes with the rest of your face because
 I do the tar topless because I think he's got green nipples.
 And this apparently is kind of half true.
 So it came from, most people got it from a show called The Doctors on NBC.
 They famously mentioned this and they say that it generally does work.
 But then Washington University Medical Centre when asked about this did point out that your
 nipple color does change throughout your life.
 So it's kind of an average works, but if your nipples have changed color recently, then
 maybe...
 Yeah.
 Well, they go gray, don't they?
 You age.
 I have.
 That's right.
 Yeah, and you should wear gray lipstick too.
 Yeah, absolutely.
 So wait, should you take an average of your lifetime nipple color and always use that lipstick
 or should you have your lipstick vary in accordance with your nipple color?
 I think you should go into the lipstick shop.
 Yeah.
 And if you have a color of your nipples, then if it doesn't look right...
 I've tried that, but whenever I expose myself in lipstick shops, I get removed from the building.
 What you need is a top that only exposes your nipple so you can subtly compare the lipstick
 color to the nipple color.
 I don't know how subtle that kind of top is going to be.
 I've just got a thing, just as we were talking about beetroot before, because beetroot
 was actually a substitute for lipstick during the war, during the Second World War.
 Yeah, so there was a big push that the English government did, which they had a slogan
 for, which was "Beauty is duty."
 And this was a thing because Hitler supposedly really disapproved of makeup.
 So the British government wanted to make it a proud thing in the country.
 And they released...
 There were certain lipsticks that were released during World War II that were called like
 "Regimental Red" or "Lips in Uniform."
 But this was before rationing became, you know, the materials were sort of depleting.
 And so they stopped doing it.
 But as a result, women still wanted to sort of keep up the appearance of makeup.
 So beetroot juice was done in place of lipstick, and mascara and so on, and boot polish was
 used as well as...
 But yeah, it was interesting, you know, beetroot juice.
 Yeah, didn't know I Hitler didn't like lipstick.
 No.
 Excuse the vegetarian.
 He said that lipstick was evil because it was made from animal fat, rescued from sewage.
 Ah, so wait a minute.
 But it is kind of made with animal products, a lot of makeup, right?
 Yes, it is much less than used to be, but yes.
 But the red in lipstick for centuries has come from these bugs, cochineal, yeah.
 Cochineal, yeah.
 Cochineal, yeah.
 I think now they often make plant-based.
 But yeah.
 But in Hitler's time, they didn't use cochineal law.
 I think maybe some times they did.
 Not necessarily rescued from sewage, though.
 They would have definitely.
 But it's had this weird history lipstick where it's just gone in and out of fashion and
 popularity.
 And it's been condemned and then praised and then condemned and then praised.
 And so just before the Elizabethan period, it was basically evil.
 So Catholic priests would say that, you know, a woman wearing lipstick was essentially
 the spawn of Satan.
 You'd have to go to confession and confess that you'd worn lipstick.
 And it was, I was thought as being deceitful, so you were deceiving men into falling in love
 with you.
 And you could, it was grounds for a nulment, for instance, in a lot of places in Pennsylvania,
 I think.
 And in Britain for a time, it was grounds for a nulment.
 It's grounds for nulment, yeah.
 If you married a woman who had worn lipstick at some point while seducing you, it's false
 advertising.
 It's false advertising.
 It's false advertising.
 The nulments were there.
 I imagine there were a few, but they were mostly loopholes as they were looking for an
 nulment.
 Yeah.
 It wasn't any man who got home, woke up next to his wife the next morning, went, oh, my
 god, what are they?
 Yeah.
 Wait a minute.
 Your nipples and lips are completely different colors.
 So in Egypt, prostitutes had to wear lipstick.
 And the reason being that if they didn't, they would be punished because it implied that
 they were deceitfully posing as ladies.
 Hmm.
 God, it's just, it's a rough beat being a woman wearing lipstick or not wearing lipstick,
 isn't it?
 Yeah.
 When you get your marriage cancelled or you get mistaken for a prostitute or...
 But then in other times, then you're really popular, like Queen Elizabeth loved it and
 so it became popular then.
 So I think it's important, if you're a woman time-traveling, to know exactly what time
 period you've been dropped in.
 Hmm.
 So whether you wear the lipstick.
 Also important to be a queen rather than a prostitute.
 Yeah.
 Generally speaking, you see a life.
 If you did, if you wear a prostitute wearing lipstick in ancient Egypt or ancient Greece,
 then you made it out of quite weird stuff.
 But actually one reason why being a prostitute might have been better than a queen is that you
 couldn't afford the good stuff, which was actually often the materials that really
 damaged you in poison to you.
 Oh, I learned and stuff, man.
 Yeah.
 So you made a prostitute, so they'd make it from sheep sweat, was a very popular apparently.
 I don't even know how you harvest that.
 And human saliva and crocodile excrement in ancient Greece.
 I have the thing about crocodile excrement that I don't think it's actually crocodile excrement.
 No, you think it's...
 I think it's a metaphor for Egyptian soil.
 I knew that you thought that for contraceptives, but do you think it's the same for this?
 Yeah.
 Maybe wrong, though.
 I mean, it seems likely it doesn't.
 It's actually going around French kissing a crocodile pat and then...
 What sheep sweat a metaphor for?
 Or something?
 I don't know.
 How do you get sheep sweat?
 Do you ring them out?
 How do you...
 How do you get it?
 Yeah, I don't know.
 And that wouldn't be red, though, I imagine.
 I think the earth would be red, but the sheep sweat was just going to make your lips taste
 a bit salty.
 Wet.
 Don't hippo sweat red or purple?
 They do.
 And they were very popular around there, don't want to get up and harvest hippo sweat.
 Maybe you just for a bit of lipstick.
 No, but you could...
 I suppose if you lived with a bunch of sisters, maybe you'd have a room where you kept the
 hippo and you just ran and smogged it quickly, and then ran away.
 What?
 What was smoking the hippo?
 It's the quickest way to get the lipstick on.
 Yeah.
 No, it's hippo sweat.
 Yes.
 No, you're not kissing it in the mouth.
 You're just wearing sweater.
 Or you're just kissing the hippo's side.
 Yeah.
 Right.
 Queen Elizabeth was wearing an inch of lipstick when she died, apparently.
 No, she wasn't.
 Come on.
 Yeah.
 And then...
 Do you know how big an inch is?
 It's ridiculous.
 I'm just reporting what people reported at the time.
 It's like those trout pups that you get these days when you put Botox in your lips, and
 that kind of makes them stick out about half a bench.
 She looked like one of those.
 Botox was gone wrong.
 She was lipstick gone wrong.
 It can't be true, Anna.
 It can't be true.
 I think an inch is probably an exaggeration from the time.
 You know, people are seeing a bit blurry when someone's died.
 You would say the only way is the Earl of Essex, because he was one of her favourites.
 And of course, that's a big lip look that's popular on that TV show.
 Of course.
 That's very nice.
 Of course.
 Okay, it's time for fact number two, and that is Andy.
 My fact is that some maggots can jump 40 times their own length, but only in August.
 Well, I know.
 It's true.
 So we've just missed it.
 If you want to see it, you've got to wait another year.
 Yeah, I'm sorry.
 So this is a specific species of maggot or fly, because maggots are the larvae of fly.
 It's called Asphondylia, and they're only a third of a centimeter long, but they've
 been observed jumping up to 12 centimeters, which is really impressive.
 Yeah.
 It's the equivalent of a human jumping 200 feet.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Although, we always say this.
 I know.
 It's not an exact equivalent, because it's much easier for small things to jump these distances
 of big things.
 It's the equivalent of a miniaturised human jumping 12 centimeters.
 Yeah.
 And what's the...
 And what's the size of a maggot?
 It's very impressive.
 And are they practicing for when they fly?
 Is that...
 Yeah, I do.
 Yes, they are.
 Yeah.
 Um, no, it's actually an escape plan.
 So they're hatched out onto these plants, and then they need to make a swift exit, because
 they're very easy prey when they're just sitting around on these plants.
 So they need to jump quite far.
 They're born in Gauls, you know, the larvae are laid in plants, the mother's lay the eggs
 in plants, and these create swelling school Gauls, and they hatch out of them.
 So then they need to escape.
 And the cool thing is, they have no legs, and yet they jump.
 Yeah, how are they doing that?
 What?
 Like a slinky, is it sort of like the suppressed spring?
 Yeah, yeah.
 Yeah, basically, yeah.
 Cool.
 They sort of improvise a leg.
 Uh.
 I see you're improvising, man, and very good as it is, you don't suddenly sprout a leg.
 No, you're right.
 We don't do whole limb work.
 Well, that's why he's recently been replaced with a maggot in his fantasies, isn't he?
 They sort of fold themselves up.
 So you know how octopuses sometimes make artificial elbows, right?
 You know, they just fold their limb at a certain point.
 So they do that, and they build up a load of pressure leaning against that slightly folded
 leg, and then they flick.
 They release, and they flick themselves into the air.
 But they also have, on either end, these kind of little hairs that when they touch each
 other, so when they bend forward, it's like touching your toes.
 It's like an adhesive, so it holds on really strong.
 And as they push all this liquid down into their bottom, the tension gets greater and
 greater, but they're still hanging on.
 And when that snaps, they just fling into the air, yeah.
 Nice.
 So we have a very relatable octopus-based analogy to help me understand that better.
 No.
 Who knows the octopus elbow thing?
 I'm sure.
 I've never heard of what we've talked about that.
 We probably have, but it's pretty arcane, isn't it?
 People are going to remember all those things.
 That's not it.
 Yeah, you're right.
 So a related fact is that octopus is sometimes improvised elbows, which is pretty cool.
 Like, if you're chatting to me in the pub, you can say that because you know that I'm
 going to tell that.
 Yeah.
 Do not improvise your own limbs at home.
 Oh, yeah.
 So we've missed the big one here, though.
 Why just August?
 What's going on?
 Oh, yeah.
 One month of the year.
 Is it because the football season's just started?
 That's right.
 I'm really excited.
 Yeah.
 Do you know?
 I don't think we do know exactly why it is.
 It may be because they hatch in August.
 Yes.
 And then after August, they've turned into flies.
 Yeah.
 And they don't need to do this jumping trick anymore.
 Okay.
 I think that's a bit of a...
 I'm genuinely not sure.
 I did have a look at the paper and it wasn't actually very clear why this happens.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 Currently, this study came after the group had a load of these gold maggots in a peatry
 dish.
 And then they came to look at them and there were only two left because they were jumping
 all around the office.
 That's so good.
 And they thought, "Oh, I'm going to have to probably study this."
 Oh.
 That's so funny.
 Yeah.
 maggots are really cool.
 What?
 No.
 Actually, they can get really hot.
 Go on.
 Because when they eat, they increase their temperature because of all the digestive juices
 and they're kind of wriggling around and stuff like that.
 And there's usually a load of them in one little place and they're all wriggling and they're
 all getting hotter and hotter and hotter and sometimes it can get so hot that they start
 to die.
 Oh.
 That doesn't have a funny jockey facty ending at all.
 But sure it's God.
 But they do.
 I think they can sometimes recognise that this is starting to happen.
 They do.
 Like, you know, the guy next to him has just died, so this is getting too hot.
 So what they'll do is they'll, as a group, just retreat to a cooler place.
 Well, actually, it's like the ones that are in, it's a bit like, you know, groups of
 penguins.
 Again, this is the kind of thing that, me and I, and I, and our conversation about those people
 want.
 So like, the ones on the outside, move to the inside, the ones to the inside, move to the
 outside.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Kind of keep the temperature.
 And do they do that?
 Yeah.
 Imagine being in a restaurant and people are just going so crazy about the food, they start
 dying.
 That is an exciting but also stressful restaurant opening, isn't it?
 I think it's one of being in a mosh pit and getting so hot people dying, which maybe
 they would.
 Yeah.
 But the thing that's like the penguins is also how they manage to eat so fast.
 So maggots are useful for things like clearing up garbage, you can use maggots for clearing
 up our trash and stuff because they can consume stuff at an amazing rate for their size.
 They can't carry it away quite as quickly as the bin man.
 They're working up to it.
 And your neighbours really hate you, by the way, Anna, pouring bags and bags of maggots
 over your bins every week.
 It's got to stop.
 They're very efficient, we've got to give them work.
 So they do this and they are less efficient than the bin man, but the reason they are still
 efficient is that if you've got a lump of food, then they'll be, let's say, a hundred maggots
 and they'll form a little mountain that climbs up the mound and the maggots can eat solidly
 for about five minutes and then they get a bit tired and they need a break.
 And so they'll be maggots pushing them further and further up the mound of food because
 their own maggots queuing behind them.
 And then once they get to the top of the mound, then they've had enough food and they tumble
 off the top and back to the back of the queue.
 And the next maggot is up there eating it.
 So amazing.
 Do you see what I mean?
 It's like a cycle if you might see this.
 It's like going up the escalator on the tube and you have to eat one doughnut every time
 you go three feet up, but then you get to the top and you're full of doughnuts and then
 you go down the aisle.
 Sure, you also go down the aisle.
 Like, this analogy did start to fall apart quite well this time.
 So the other thing, they can, so this thing of mounting themselves up, I read an article
 saying that they can be mischievous sometimes, maggots and it's a bit of a stretch, but if
 you keep them in a glass enclosure without food and without a lid, they will organise
 themselves into a prison break because they will all get together in a corner and they
 will push up and up and up, they will pile up until the ones at the top can escape.
 Cool.
 So if you keep maggots, if you're a scientist, you sometimes have to have a moat around
 them to stop them escaping.
 Wow.
 Isn't that crazy?
 Yeah, that's awesome.
 Besides who the poor Bruce Willis and Armageddon guy is who stays behind and gives them
 another leg out.
 I don't know.
 But I think most of them stay behind, don't they?
 Yeah.
 It's really.
 It's on a few brave souls making out.
 Yeah.
 Gosh.
 I guess the most intelligent ones get to go out to town.
 No, well, it'd be the strongest ones, but they've got to find a way of busting the rest
 out.
 So who do you three?
 Of course.
 Probably a group of maybe five or six you'd have one quite strong one, one really smart
 one, one sexy one.
 Yeah.
 Well, just to keep the others entertained.
 Speaking of sexy, they can breathe through their bottoms.
 Cool.
 Cool.
 And that's breathe.
 Breathe.
 Yeah, not breathe.
 Oh, yeah.
 They breathe through their bottoms and that's had another way that they eat really quickly
 because they can just continuously eat, like you say, until they get tired because they're
 breathing out their bum.
 Yeah.
 So they don't need to breathe out their mouths.
 That's great.
 That's amazing.
 That's so cool.
 What they mean is they can't poo as quickly as we can because they need to break constantly
 during pooing.
 Yeah.
 But they don't switch back to mouth breathing while they're having a poo.
 Yeah.
 So what they can't do is eat a hot dog and have a poo at the same time.
 Actually, they can do that.
 Yeah.
 So that's why we are a higher being with maggots.
 Yeah.
 I mean, again, I'm not coming to any of your restaurant openings, that's the big pitch.
 You'll notice your seats are also toilets and go, so they do love rotting meat.
 And that was the cause of this massive misinformation campaign about maggots that went
 on until about 200 years ago, which is the spontaneous generation thing, which I don't
 think we've talked about before.
 But so everyone used to think that maggots were spontaneously generated out of dead flesh
 because you'd have a rotting carcass and then maggots would suddenly appear and flies
 would come out of that.
 And that's just how people thought life happened.
 It would have made sense when you think of it if you didn't know we...
 It does.
 You know.
 There's absolutely no reason you wouldn't think it if you didn't know what we know now.
 And it was finally proven in 1668 by this guy called Francesco Ready.
 That flies come from maggots and flies aren't just spontaneously produced from carcasses.
 And he did that by putting sort of rotting meat in jars and some of the jars he'd cover
 up and some he wouldn't.
 And he'd be like, look, life isn't in the jars that I covered up.
 But he had to, because he was around about the time of Galileo and lots of other scientists
 who were getting in trouble with the church.
 So every time he found something out like this, he had to go through the Bible and find
 a bit of Bible passage that supported it.
 So he'd find the Bible passage that said, all life comes from life.
 So it's okay.
 Got some nice lines.
 Oh, no.
 Don't worry about it.
 No.
 I mean, it sounds like he would have been quite low on the church's inquisition list after
 Galileo.
 Galileo is saying some pretty punchy things about the relationship between the earth and
 the sun.
 This is just a guy with meat jars.
 I don't know.
 I do.
 It was a huge deal.
 It really is.
 Well, life couldn't come out of nothing questioning where life came from.
 It was a massive deal.
 Okay.
 Because where did Jesus, not Jesus, where did God, Jesus wasn't a maggot, I think.
 But how did God make life, if we're saying life always comes from life and you need the
 original thing, how did God make it in one day?
 Okay.
 Okay.
 Let's get him in for some inquisitioning.
 Who's a big man?
 Yeah.
 But his ideas, his ideas, he debunked.
 The debunked idea is dated back to an aximander of myletus and he thought something really cool.
 So he was seven century BC.
 He was the first person who posited this idea of spontaneous generation of life.
 And he thought how it happened was.
 He looked at fetuses of children and he thought they look kind of fishy.
 And so what he thought was that he thought that if water warmed up with the sun, then
 it sort of created a fish.
 Okay.
 So there'd be this reaction which created a living fish.
 And then some fish gestated and gave birth to other fish.
 And then others that decided to gestate for longer would eventually create a human.
 And so he said fish would crawl up onto the bank when they were really far into their pregnancy,
 give birth to an adult human.
 And then that adult human would go in and have his...
 He's kind of right in a way.
 He's just missing out millions and millions of years of evolution.
 He's kind of right that you end up with a human and you start with a fish.
 Yeah.
 You're right.
 Yeah.
 He just sped it up a lot.
 It was fast forward.
 It was Darwin in fast forward.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three and that is Anna.
 My fact this week is that humans may have developed motion sickness to stop us falling out
 of trees.
 Hmm.
 And read the rest of it.
 I've got just a theory but an interesting one for what you said round.
 Yeah.
 Whenever I pitch that.
 It gets a flat out.
 No.
 And here we are.
 Just an idea.
 Just a crazy idea.
 An idea from scientists, not from some crazy yeti-finantic in Arkansas.
 I'm sorry.
 She doesn't mean that Mike.
 The theory is about how we and other great apes lived up trees as many of them do.
 Great apes, I guess.
 I guess so.
 Well, it's one of the greatest of all the apes.
 All right.
 Donald Trump.
 Let's calm down.
 And basically if we ever lived up trees millions of years ago, hundreds of thousands of
 years ago, then it was quite bad for us to want to climb really, really high up onto the
 really wobbly branches because that made it more likely that it would snap and you'd fall
 off and die.
 And that's why we developed motion sickness.
 And the fact is that chimps and things that still do live in trees do avoid going on those
 wobbly branches and lots of other animals do have motion sickness.
 So it does seem to be like a risk aversion thing.
 Because if you don't, the thing about falling out of a tree, I guess, is it's quite hard
 to learn from your mistakes gradually and evolve that gradually.
 Because once you fall and out, you're either really severely injured or you're dead.
 And they've looked, they looked into this.
 I was reading a book about this and it talks about the actual frequency that elicits motion
 sickness, the amount of wobble, the pace of the wobble.
 And it is about the same frequency as the trees that people would have been in would
 have swayed at.
 So I've also read that it's about the same frequency as is generated by wind generated
 waves.
 So there's another theory that it's from under the water because fish also get motion sickness.
 And if you get wind blowing waves, it makes you feel a bit woozy.
 You get to a certain point where actually it's quite dangerous.
 And so you get away from those areas.
 Same thing.
 Fish have the aversion.
 Because then you get disorientated if you're being swept around by the waves.
 Fish gets sick.
 Yeah, fish gets sick.
 No, that's nice.
 Well, humans get lansick.
 Yes.
 If you go on a boat for too long and then you walk off the boat for a while, you feel really
 woozy.
 It's a French thing called mal de debaachmol, which is like mal de mer.
 It's easy to say.
 Mal de debaachmol is illness from disembarking.
 Yeah.
 I mean, you also can just call it lansickness.
 I mean, that's what the French do call it, I suppose.
 Yeah.
 There's a French podcast right now saying it is called lansickness.
 It's so weird to think of all the ancestors of ours as in the, you know, eight-like ancestors
 of ours who didn't have motion sickness, who then died as a result because they were climbing.
 They didn't know not to climb a wobbly tree.
 Yeah.
 And as a result, they died out because they're in many ways the superior beings.
 Because they could climb so much higher.
 They don't get seasick.
 Yeah.
 You're right.
 You're right.
 You're right.
 You're right.
 You're right.
 And just on their seething as well, just because it's a fact, the word nausea comes from
 the same word as nautical or something like that, because it's to do with the sea.
 Because it's to do with sea sickness originally.
 Yeah.
 Nails, ancient Greek.
 Well, just on sea sickness as well.
 I was reading that Nelson suffered severe sea sickness his entire life from age 12 onwards
 to his death.
 The guy was constantly vomiting on both.
 Why do you not become a treason exactly?
 Well, he wrote letters about it, didn't he?
 Yeah.
 And his letters to his lovers, he'd sign off your affectionate seasick Nelson.
 And he said, "I am ill every time it blows hard."
 And...
 Maybe this means something else.
 Yeah.
 That he was writing to his lovers.
 We're on clear.
 He said, "Nothing but my love of the profession keeps me at sea for more than an hour."
 So you really love what you do, doesn't matter if you vomit throughout.
 Do you know another great nautical hero who had sea sickness?
 Who?
 Jacques Cousteau.
 Well, Captain A. Hab.
 It's entirely possible.
 But it's the last Captain Bird's Eye.
 Yeah.
 He was really seasick.
 Really?
 The fish finger guy.
 The fish finger guy.
 But was he an actual captain that one?
 Well, was he an actor?
 He was an actor.
 Oh, okay.
 For TV Airvotes.
 Sorry, sir.
 But this was the big pitch where they unveiled him to the public.
 His call Mitch Cummins, he was a South African.
 And he really looked apart.
 You know, great big bushy beard.
 And probably looked like Captain Bird's Eye.
 But then he got very recently replaced by a man called Riccardo Aserby, an Italian who
 is basically a model.
 He's really, really...
 He's too good looking to be Captain Bird's Eye.
 Seriously?
 Yeah.
 How bizarre.
 And he's quite young as well.
 And the whole thing just stinks.
 Does he have a big gray beard?
 Doesn't he have a beard?
 He's got a beard.
 So is it like a big white beard?
 It's more like an iron gray, hunky, modally beard.
 If you want to get off with this guy, you just give him a call at me.
 Yeah.
 If you want a bird's eye view.
 It's better than the fish finger.
 The thing is that a lot of people get motion sickness now because we drive in cars, which
 we didn't evolve to do.
 And people use VR stuff, like headset and stuff.
 And that's a real problem with people getting motion sickness.
 Apparently, there are some VR games where 100% of users get motion sickness, like literally
 everyone.
 And usually for most games, it's between 40 and 70% of people get it.
 So it's like a really common thing, motion sickness.
 And yet admirably, like Rachel Ordenelson, they're so passionate about the pursuit that they
 will make this happen.
 Exactly, my wife plays them all the time.
 It's almost as if being in a virtual reality is preferable to be buried to me.
 She's throwing up constantly, but...
 Does she write your list?
 But then she puts the VR set up.
 Sure.
 Does she write your letters from inside the game, saying, "Your affectionate seasick ballina,
 have you heard of the SS Bessamer?"
 This is a very cool anti-seasickness innovation from the Victorian times.
 It was a steamer ship across the English channel for passengers.
 And it was experimental.
 It was a guy called Henry Bessamer who invented it.
 And the idea was it had a room inside it, which would be suspended using incredibly elaborate
 counterweight and counterbalances and all sorts of mechanics to keep it exactly in position
 while the ship moved up and down the waves and left to right.
 Yeah.
 So he built a model of it at its house, huge model, which could, you know, the thing would
 move around and the room would stay the same.
 And it got a lot of investment.
 And on its first trial, it couldn't quite sail properly.
 I think partly due to this stuff inside it.
 And it smashed into the pier at Calais.
 It was slightly fixed.
 And then on its side, he said, "Oh, we haven't had enough time to fix it properly."
 So it had only one public voyage, and it crashed into the Calais pier again.
 Could it have a massive magnet in it or something?
 It was a disaster.
 How was it?
 I wonder if that's the same Bessamer as did the Bessamer process for smelting aluminium or
 whatever it is.
 I don't know.
 Was that profound cock-up as well?
 It was.
 Sounds like it doesn't know what he's doing.
 He designed something that's not a boat, clearly, if it's just constantly crashing.
 I don't know.
 Was there nobody steering it?
 It had people steering it.
 You can't say it's not a boat just because it crashes.
 You can't say Titanic is not a boat.
 Not a boat.
 Just a rock, as far as I'm concerned.
 We should talk about what's actually going on.
 So it's just the difference of information between what your eyes are seeing, when you're
 on a ship, this is.
 So your eyes are seeing, let's say, a stable room, because you're in a ship room and you're
 moving with the ship, so it's all the same to you, but your body, your inner ear, can tell
 that you're moving around.
 Actually, that's the case in all these things, right?
 So if you're in a car, it's the same, you're reading the book, which is still, but actually
 everything else is moving around you.
 But there's a third thing as well.
 So apart from your eyes and your inner ear, there's a third bit of your body, which is also
 getting sending you conflicting information about what it does, what you're saying, your eyes,
 your ears, and the little boxing bag at the back of your mouth, the uvula.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 You can imagine that with work.
 If it's tilting over, look at it.
 It's insane.
 Okay.
 No.
 Great guess.
 Great guess.
 Is it somewhere, is it sort of in your crop somewhere?
 Oh, it's close.
 You're so close.
 Oh, is it in your bottom?
 If you're sitting down, it's in your bottom.
 It's outside of my bottom when I've standing up, but inside my bottom when I sit down.
 Your feet.
 If you're standing up, you can tell this through your feet, and if you're sitting down
 through your bottom.
 Got it.
 And it's a sense called proprioception, and it's where, if you're swaying, there's more
 pressure on one side of your feet, and then on the other, you know what I mean, if your
 body senses this, and that is another thing that can give you motion sickness, or if you're
 sitting down, it's on your bottom.
 Yeah.
 And it's like when you're on a tube train, you know, you can feel the acceleration really
 stronger on one side, and it doesn't take off, yeah.
 That's really quick.
 And other things that get seasickness, I mean loads of stuff does really dot so dogs, people
 anyone who's had a dog will know that they get motion sickness, it's blood irritating in
 a car, mice, amphibians, fish who said frogs get it quite badly.
 So they tested this, but they often test it by putting them in parabolic conditions.
 So it's simulating weightlessness by sort of spinning or spinning them round to simulate
 this sort of concentric movement.
 And so I was reading a study about whether frogs get motion sick, and they said the way we
 find out is we put them in these containers, and then we subject them to parabolic flight,
 and then we open the containers, and the presence of vomitus in their containers after
 flight will be used to indicate if they get motion sick.
 My wife, we brought her up far today, but she's going on one of these parabolic flights
 next year.
 Why?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So I wonder if she'll vomit.
 Yeah.
 So what you can tell is by the presence of vomitus in the...
 Vomitus.
 I mean, is that just vomitus?
 It's Latin for vomit.
 I mean, why do they need to still say vomitus?
 It's bizarre.
 I looked this up, so I thought they must have made that up.
 Yep, it's just vomitus, the definition is the stuff that comes out of your mouth when
 you vomit.
 It's vomit.
 Wow.
 But anyway, it turns out they are different to us and how they see sick themselves.
 Oh, we talked about frogs.
 Frogs?
 Yes, because they don't throw up at the time, they throw up afterwards, which is actually
 quite considerate.
 They will wait until the car's stopped or they won't do it on the roller coaster, but usually
 happens between a few minutes and 24 hours afterwards.
 Almost like a hangover vomit, right?
 Yes.
 I was reading that the guys who built the Golden Gate Bridge, the builders supposedly were
 put on a special diet by the leader of the construction works guy called Strauss.
 I can't find any detail though about what that diet was, but the idea was the diet was
 for motion sickness.
 It was for dizziness because people were very scared when they were building this bridge.
 You know, you had to climb very high, you had to get to, and so supposedly there was a diet
 to stop that.
 But a really cool extra thing about that was what they ended up doing was they built a giant
 net under the bridge, cost $130,000, and it was like a circus trapeze net.
 The idea was the dizziness would have been a huge factor in the construction pace that was
 going on.
 And by building this little netting, it meant that people could go and work harder with
 the knowledge that they would probably survive if they fell off.
 And 19 people did fall off.
 Oh my god, did they all live?
 Yeah, and they became what was known as part of the Halfway to Hell Club.
 Yeah.
 When was that built, did you see that?
 It was 19.
 Oh, 36.
 Oh, 36.
 Okay.
 So they probably wouldn't have had any effective actual medicines at that time to deal with
 sea sickness, because the drugs weren't invented until the 50s, and the drugs just switched
 off the information coming from the inner ear that we've today.
 So the Victorian Cures evolved sucking lemons, which did absolutely no good.
 No.
 Just did not help.
 There were loads of cures which didn't do any good, actually.
 Opium, I think, did some good, but opium's gone for everything.
 Yeah.
 Something that removes you mentally from any kind of reality is probably going to stop
 you being aware of your sea sickness.
 Exactly.
 But if you're the captain of the ship, unfortunately, that's why it crashed.
 There are some special glasses you can buy that have been made by Citroen, their car
 company.
 They're called C-Troen.
 Very C-Troen.
 Oh, nice.
 C-Troen, C-Troen.
 I don't think they thought of the C-Troen, C-Troen, but yeah, they have this blue liquid inside
 them, and it gives you an artificial horizon, because a lot of it is being able to see the
 horizon, isn't it?
 Being able to see that moving at the same way as you're feeling it's moving.
 So whichever way you move, it makes the horizon look like it's in that direction.
 Apparently, they do work after about 10 to 12 minutes, your motion sickness will just disappear.
 That's really clever.
 But what is the point in them, because the only time that you're not looking at the horizon,
 the reason you get travel sick is when you're reading or something, and then that, therefore,
 you're not looking outside, you're not seeing the world go by, but if you're wearing these
 weird horizon glasses, can you read a book with them?
 I guess that's what I want to know.
 Can you read a book?
 Can you read a book?
 I think you're not wearing the Citroen.
 Can you?
 I think so.
 And the answer to them actually is because when we have self-driving cars, people won't be
 driving and looking at the road, they'll be playing video games or they'll be reading books
 or doing whatever.
 So you need to come up with a new way of dealing with that, because otherwise, whenever
 you open any self-driving car, it'll be full of monitors.
 But just every time you got to any destination, you still have the door, and a sea of monitors
 comes out.
 Well, the future is terrible.
 OK, it's time for our final fact of the show, and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is to honor the US Supreme Court judge Antonin Scalia, Virginia's George
 Mason University School of Law, renamed itself Antonin Scalia School of Law, then immediately
 renamed itself again after it was pointed out that the acronym would be Asshole.
 That's right.
 Fair enough.
 Yeah.
 Asshole.
 Asshole.
 Asshole.
 I said Asshole, didn't I?
 Yeah.
 I went too far on that one.
 Asshole.
 Asshole.
 So this was, I think, the way it worked out is they sort of announced this, let's say, on
 a Thursday, and by Tuesday, there was so much public ridicule online that the school's
 dean made an announcement that it was going to be renamed off the back of it.
 And they named it because they just got a massive donation from a few people, right?
 They got $30 million donation. 10 million of it came from the Charles Koch Foundation.
 So they could have called it the Charles Koch School of Law, which would have been much
 better.
 That's true.
 It's now the Antonin Scalia Law School, but that's still ASLS, which looks in an uncharitable
 light like Assholes.
 Mm.
 What?
 What?
 I see when I see that.
 Oh, yes.
 Okay.
 Some more stuff on acronyms.
 Yeah.
 What the acronym or what the word spam stands for, you know, the food stuff, rather than
 this.
 I would think it's something.
 Is it something ham?
 Okay.
 What would it be?
 Yes.
 Spurious ham.
 Spurious ham.
 That's it.
 Well, most people would tell you that it stands for Spiced Ham.
 That's what everyone thought it used to mean, but then according to spam the company, they
 now tell us that it stands for Sizzle Park and mm.
 What?
 So, which I imagine might be a back formation.
 Yeah.
 Is it, is it saying Sizzle, comma, pork?
 Actually, they're saying Sizzle, full stop, pork, full stop, and full stop, mm, full stop.
 Mm.
 I also say mm to that, but in a more skeptical way, I think that they would have wanted.
 You always come to the question mark at the end every time.
 Wow.
 That's a terrible back formation, yeah, it's so clunky.
 So there's a difference between an acronym and an initialism.
 I think it's very important that we nail down.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 So an acronym, well, some, all of these things are acronyms, but some people say, it's not
 really hard and fast, that initialisms are things where it's just strings of letters.
 So the FBI is an initialism, YMCA, YMCA, yeah, so that's the difference, right?
 If it became a word.
 Exactly.
 So if people started saying, I go to the IMPCA or SCUBA, SCUBA is initials, but it's also become
 a word in its own right.
 So that's an acronym.
 Contained underwater breathing equipment.
 Apparatus.
 That would be SCUBA.
 SCUBA.
 SCUBA.
 Also, you get the very exciting marriage of the two, don't you?
 This is where the two come together.
 It's a bit frowned upon in the communities of initialisms with acronyms.
 It's like Romeo and Juliet, but you've got CD-ROM, of course.
 Okay.
 You've got JPEG, and that's it, actually.
 There are only two Romeo and Juliet's of the initials that were in the world.
 Okay.
 What's the deal with a JPEG then?
 So a JPEG is J, is a joint photographic expert's group.
 So part of it, you're just saying the letter and part of it, you're saying a word.
 Exactly.
 Wow.
 Holy.
 Wow, God, that is more amazement than that deserves.
 Wow, I just didn't know what it was.
 You couldn't say JPEG, though.
 And now JPEG, though.
 You couldn't say JPEG.
 You couldn't say KIDROM.
 KIDROM.
 KIDROM.
 You could, but we just don't.
 In fact, we rarely refer to CD-ROMs.
 Speak for us.
 I've got a few things on just name changes.
 Okay.
 So one of the things I guess it comes up a lot in newspapers is that Peter and the animal
 rights group, they constantly want places to change their name if there's something that's
 associated.
 Oh, yeah.
 For example.
 We did on the podcast that they wanted to change great fry up to great vegan fry up.
 That's right.
 That's right.
 Yeah, exactly.
 So there's a town that they wanted to have changed.
 It's a village called Wool, it's an English village.
 They wanted it to be changed to vegan wool.
 That was their big pitch.
 Did they?
 No, they didn't.
 In fact, I can't find a single instance where people got a letter from Peter saying change
 your name.
 They went absolutely.
 I've not found that yet.
 There's a place called Leatherhead, which they wanted to be changed to Pleatherhead, which
 Pleatherhead is an imitation synthetic leather alternative, so that was quite nice.
 There was the chicken dinner road, which is a road they wanted to call chicken roads.
 It happens all the time, but my favorite one is sausage street.
 So sausage street.
 This is a town, which is in France.
 Sorry, there's a town in France called sausage street.
 No, sorry, sorry.
 There's a street in a town in France.
 It's called Rudella Sousie, which is sausage street.
 So they wrote a letter to them, say, can you change it from sausage street?
 And they obviously refuse.
 The town may say absolutely not.
 But someone from the town also pointed out that the change would be completely out of place
 because it is not named after the sausage itself, but rather the sausage street is off the
 back of a woman who they called the sausage, called Suzanne Tessier, and she lived in the
 area.
 Do we know why they called her the sausage street?
 Yeah, we do.
 We do.
 Because when she walked, she stooped over like a sausage bending, and that was the name.
 I'll let Maggie to about to jump.
 Exactly.
 So the street supposedly is named after Susan the sausage Tessier.
 No.
 Yeah.
 That's amazing.
 That is so funny.
 So if you have a name of a company, and you're not sure if it's going to be okay, or if it's
 going to be a bit of another asshole debacle, then asshole, sorry, then you just need to
 try and register it because the government will tell you if it's too rude.
 So you have the its company's house, and it's the government body which registers company
 names.
 And every year they released their list of names that they said no to.
 So this year they banned 87 company names that they refused to register.
 And so when we didn't get, so first of all there was purple helmet bikes.
 Right.
 Which, so I sort of kind of I think guess we did a podcast the other week about what we
 called people from West Bromwich Albion, and purple helmet is a synonym for that.
 Oh, yeah.
 Okay.
 Oh, that is.
 It's a convoluted way of explaining.
 No, but that's a great way of getting listeners to go to the previous episode.
 And in that episode, we referenced the one before, and it's a constant change.
 And so that's purple helmet bikes, and there's also company names that weren't allowed.
 Fanny's cabal, this wasn't allowed.
 Okay.
 Solid systems, which I just like, I like the idea of hiring someone to fix your computer when
 they call it.
 Solid systems.
 Then just fucking, I'm going to get a new one.
 Royal nuts.
 Aina's beauty.
 Aina's beauty.
 Aina's beauty.
 Who thought that would get her?
 It's not exactly a crafty bit of wordplay like purple helmet bikes, isn't it?
 It does what it says on the tin.
 It puts a bit of redness down like that.
 Sit on a beat shoot for three hours.
 Is there a first line of advice?
 Oh, my god.
 Nick has knackers knackers.
 Don't know what they do.
 I like to know.
 Because the problem is, we don't find now what they do, because these companies don't
 get registered.
 Don't they make underwear door knockers and they kill horses?
 It was three best friends with three very different talents.
 In 2015, lots of people called Brian protested after Thames Valley police announced that they
 were going to change the name of one of their police horses from Brian to they said a god-like
 name such as Hercules.
 And people, so this was, if the horse passed its tests to be a good police horse basically
 and to be a qualified police horse.
 And various people called Brian kicked up a fuss.
 So Brian Lewis from Ascot said, I think it's outrageous.
 Brian is a good name for a horse.
 Brian.
 It's not god-like though, is it?
 He's very famously, he's not the son of god, he's a very naughty mind.
 Yes, that's such a good point.
 There was another guy called Brian Pulson from Bracknell who said there is no way they should
 be changing the name.
 Every horse should be called Brian.
 He's such an extreme alternative.
 What a world, what a world, what a world, what a world.
 Pulsuring all Brian's coming up the back, we're Brian, we're Brian, we're Brian, we're
 Brian, we're Brian, we're Brian, we're Brian.
 Okay, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said over
 the course of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland, Andy at Andrew Hunterham, James, James Harkham and Chazinski.
 You can email podcast@QI.com.
 Yep, or you can go to our group account, which is @NoSuchThing, or our website NoSuchThing
 is a fish.com.
 We've got everything up there from upcoming tour dates to all of our previous episodes.
 You can also download a really fun behind the scenes documentary of us on tour called
 Behind the Gills, and there's plenty more to find there as well.
 Okay, that's it.
 We'll see you again next week.
 Goodbye.
 [MUSIC]
 (upbeat music)
