 [music]
 Hey everyone!
 Welcome to another episode of Little Fish.
 This is the show where we put down our favorite facts from the last seven days and we go
 through the podcast@QI.com inbox.
 We pick out the best facts that you have all found and we're going to read them out now.
 I'm sitting here with James Harkin and Drew Hunter Murray.
 Guys, let's do it, who's got a fact?
 I've got one.
 This is a great one.
 It's from James Patterson and it's that.
 The author?
 No.
 Up to you now.
 It spells slightly differently.
 Oh.
 I've got another for everything.
 James Patterson, all James Patterson using an incredibly unimaginative non-duplube.
 The fact is that during the Cold War, a KGB agent had several meetings with Edinburgh
 for a Leith MP and communist sympathiser, Ron Brown.
 However, they were unsure if he was spying for them or not because they couldn't understand
 his thick Scottish accent and had no idea what he was telling them.
 [laughter]
 That's incredible.
 It's true.
 This is you do some reading on that, is that true?
 A little bit.
 It's from the Ben McIntyre book about Oleg Gordievsky, who was, I think, a double agent on various
 sides.
 The quote was, "Brown may have been leaking top grade secrets, but equally, you might have
 been talking about football."
 They just couldn't tell.
 They just couldn't tell.
 Amazing.
 Can I just say, my wife is Russian, as has been mentioned a few times on the show, and she
 actually found the Scottish accent the easiest to understand.
 That's so interesting.
 I don't know why.
 When you learn another language, it's kind of, you can understand it usually, but when people
 talk over each other, that's when it's tricky.
 That's what she can do.
 It's the cadence.
 I mean, because there are Scottish accents and Scottish accents, you can get some really,
 really hot.
 Obviously, Edinburgh is a relatively soft accent.
 Yeah.
 It is absolutely.
 Let's go as often said to be the harder of the two to forget.
 Yeah.
 I don't know where Ron Brown was from.
 I mean, he was the MP for that, but he was apparently a colourful character.
 He was a labour MP who damaged the parliamentary mace in a row over the poltax and ended up in
 court for stealing his mistresses' underwear.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 That's very cool.
 I have another political one.
 Should we jump to that very quickly?
 So this is sent into us by Brady Steeper, and it's to do with Canada's longest-serving
 Prime Minister, who is called William King.
 So he says it's important to know, before hearing this fact, that he guided the country through
 the Great Depression, the Second World War, established Canadian citizenship, and successfully
 challenged the power of the crown, and the guy who he was challenging it against was called
 Lord Bing in a delightfully-named constitutional crisis called the King Bing Affair, or the King
 Bing Wingding.
 Yes.
 I presume they were just wasting, but at some point had to have a wingding.
 Yeah.
 I've never heard the phrase "wingding" used outside of fonts.
 Oh, yeah.
 I didn't know it was a thing.
 A wingding was a thing.
 Love it.
 No, I don't think I did either.
 No.
 I think you say, "Oh, we had a wingding."
 I've heard that.
 No, I've heard we had a ding dong.
 That was the Prime Minister of China, Mr. Ding, and the Vietnamese currency, the dog.
 Don't dig, don't dig, don't.
 Anyway, the fact that Brady wanted to send to us is that on his death, King donated his
 estate to the Canadian government, and that included all of his diaries, 172 volumes.
 Wow.
 And when they were read, they revealed that he made huge use of sails during his term as
 Prime Minister.
 So while he was Prime Minister, he was consulting with his dead mother.
 He was consulting with a former dead prime minister, so Wilfred Lawrear, and his dog,
 Pat.
 He would talk to his dog, Pat.
 I think he stands up in Parliament.
 I think we need more biscuits.
 And one of the things to say, "Woo!"
 Yeah, but I mean, apparently he spoke to Pat about the importance of the involvement that Canada had in the Second World War, conscription into the army.
 And he would use either his dead mother or a former Prime Minister as a sort of soundboard.
 Can you choose who you get to win a sails?
 I don't really know much about that.
 You can try and request.
 I think that's largely people go, and they hope that someone that's on their mind will show up.
 No, but if you've got a particular previous Prime Minister, can you say, I'd rather have someone from the other party, actually.
 Or can you say, like, is Genghis Khan available?
 We're in the middle of a total war.
 I'm sure you could.
 Yeah, I'm sure you could.
 It depends on how pliable your medium is, I guess.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Yeah.
 And the news about the Canadian Prime Minister, was he in Davos?
 Can't he?
 Yeah, he stole some sandwiches.
 It was the Mark Carnie, Sally Barney.
 Oh, my God.
 I was wondering why you hadn't said anything for the last minute.
 [laughter]
 I can't believe you let me go through a whole sails chat.
 I'm sorry, I wasn't listening to any of that.
 You're going to be shocked when you hear what happened while you were gone into your pun temple.
 OK, here is a fact from Sasha M and Sasha says, well, Sasha sends us what they call an almost
 perfect sentence with no further context.
 This is from Harper's magazine.
 And the sentence goes, South African tafonomists found that pigs decompose more slowly when they
 are wearing winter garments, and more quickly when they are eaten by the Cape Grey Mungoos.
 Yes, I sort of would have expected that last bit.
 I guess.
 [laughter]
 It's a brilliant sentence.
 I love it.
 Yeah.
 Absolutely fantastic.
 What garments as well?
 Yeah, well, what they do is they use pigs decomposing to analogize to humans like you.
 If you want to do an experiment, see how humans are going to decompose.
 You can't get a human and do it, right?
 Right, right.
 But you can't get a pig.
 There might be one left over from an abattoir or something.
 Yeah.
 And so that's why they do it.
 Or they put them in garments to see how the pig decomposes, in case someone has been,
 like let's say you find a body in the top of the mountain.
 And it's at a certain level of decomposition.
 You compare it with the pig.
 No, but I'm just imagining the process is getting the winter garments, like having to drag
 a dead pig into a branch of North Face.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 We need something a little bit bigger in the waste of afraid the only.
 [laughter]
 Wow.
 Wow.
 That's a great sentence.
 Yeah, lovely.
 And a brilliant study, this was from quite a few years ago now, about 20 or 30 years ago,
 but they put three tons of dead pigs in the middle of a forest in America.
 And again, they wanted to see how, what would happen when it decomposed.
 And this one was slightly different.
 They wanted to see if there was a big die off of any animal.
 How it would affect the ecosystem.
 Interesting.
 So they put these dead pigs in the middle of the forest.
 They looked at first the vultures came and then the maggots and then the flies and all that
 kind of stuff.
 And basically, what they found is it gets really nasty, really quite quickly.
 And not only did it get really nasty and there was dead pig everywhere, it was all rotten,
 actually the area never really recovered, and it still hasn't really recovered.
 And they're still studying it today because it's not back to how it was when they did the
 study.
 Gosh.
 So yeah, that's wild.
 That is wild.
 Again, it's just scientists, you know, you need to know this stuff.
 Absolutely.
 You don't know when it's going to be useful in the future.
 Absolutely.
 Yeah.
 Andy, you.
 Let's get a fact.
 This is you.
 This is a fact from Nicholas Wilkinson, who begins unpromising.
 It's maybe not exactly a fact, but you know the pangolin, yeah, okay.
 It's a strange, scaly creature, isn't it?
 It's quite hardsheld.
 Hardsheld.
 Yeah.
 It looks a bit like an armadillo, lovely long claws, traditional Chinese medicine, get
 through a fair few.
 I think they've just been removed from the official.
 I think they're the most trafficked animal in the world.
 Well, I'm glad you say that.
 I'm not glad you say that.
 I'm incredibly sad to say that because they're lovely.
 Sorry.
 I've got.
 So you know the thing of more sharks, many, many more sharks are killed by people than
 people are killed by sharks.
 Yeah.
 So Nicholas writes, this is similar because of the trade in pangolin products.
 About a million pangolins are very sadly killed by humans each year, obviously horrendous.
 The total of humans killed by pangolins is one, okay.
 So they have no teeth.
 They're slow moving.
 They have poor eyesight and they're about the size of a cat, okay.
 So it's an amazing story is from the book Mammals of Thailand, right?
 In Threaten, the pangolin will wrap its tail completely around itself, turning itself
 into a ball, basically.
 So it's almost impossible to unfold, like an armadillo or a hedgehog, whatever.
 But this is related by a naturalist called WWA Phillips, a villager, clubbed a pangolin
 one day in the jungle and started back for his village.
 The pangolin slung over his neck, the tail hanging down on one side, the head on the
 other.
 But the pangolin was merely stunned.
 When found later, the man was dead on the trail, strangled, because the pangolin
 had suddenly come too and then thought, "Coyle up, defensive."
 Pangolin's strangling.
 Oh my God.
 If only there was a head of state that arrived with that.
 If you could think of a head of state, if you rise with pangolin or strangling, podcast
 at gui.com.
 Yeah.
 And it was still curled around his neck when the guy was found proving he'd been the victim
 of a scaly mugging, you go?
 Yeah.
 Really good.
 Amazing.
 Very interesting.
 What story?
 In the world of animals, jelke, ludalfilge, apologies for the pronunciation there.
 No, no, it's ludalfilge.
 It's very rare to hear you nail at the first time, but jelke, J-E-L-K-E.
 Jelke, probably.
 But that was exactly how you speak when you're doing the impression of the Nobel committee.
 Sorry.
 Jelke or Jelke.
 But it's a great fact, you've sent in, which is when biologists catch lizards during fieldwork,
 they use a loop of dental floss with which they lasso the lizard.
 This makes sure that the lizard remains unharmed and can be later released again without injury.
 The lasso is, of course, known as a lizzu.
 So a little dental floss lasso for lizards.
 That's really quite sweet.
 It is quite sweet.
 Yeah.
 I love it.
 This is a fact from Sam Walker, which Sam describes as a little fun fact, but let's see what you
 think.
 Sam says that the average ejaculate contains approximately 220,000 terabytes of data.
 Terabytes?
 Yes.
 Terabytes.
 That's massive, isn't it?
 Like, one terabyte is very big.
 It's more than I've got on my computer.
 Oh, dear.
 You can't get clot.
 You can get special clots.
 Why one of the lights, and that'll show you where you need to devote most intensive attention
 to.
 Oh, dear.
 You know when you walk straight into your own trap.
 You could almost physically hear the funk as your head hit.
 Oh.
 A prophesied showbub and the rex, wasn't it?
 Wow.
 But yeah, this is because each sperm contains around 37.5 megabytes of DNA data, which is basically
 your genome is in every, okay.
 And there's a lot of sperms in an ejaculate.
 But I think if you were to put it in a zip file, if you were to compress it, because actually
 all the data is kind of very similar.
 If it's gone into a zip, something's gone wrong.
 What I'm saying, like there's a fact that says that the amount of data is the same as the
 entirety of English Wikipedia, approximately 40,000 times that amount of data.
 But the truth is that all that data is almost the same.
 So if you were to put it into your computer, you can compress it.
 And actually, I think it would be much, much smaller than that.
 Okay.
 Because it's like, the thing is about data is you can have like Mary has a little lamb
 written down.
 But you could do the same thing 200 million times.
 But is there really any more data there?
 Or is it the same amount of data just replicated?
 So there's a lot of, hmm, just a receptionist at the sperm, please go.
 Thank you, Mr. Harkin.
 But actually, we just need you to put the sample.
 Thank you.
 But I will pass that on to, I'm writing it down zip file, I've got to hear.
 And you're going to need to give that a wife.
 This is a very breast one from Kenneth Bowman or Bowman.
 Hopefully this is suitable for little fish.
 I work for a competitor of Chevrolet, so this one stings a bit.
 The Chevrolet Suburban is the longest-produced automobile model or name plate still in production
 today.
 It was introduced in 1934.
 Wow.
 They've been making Chevrolet Suburban since 1934.
 Weird.
 I can't picture anything, but I can't imagine what a Chevy is.
 It's a, it's a, it's a, it's a really quite big American car.
 Is it?
 I know I'm sure they get much bigger, but it is on its 12th generation.
 Like, if you look at the first generation model, it does look different to the modern.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 Of course.
 Yeah.
 Like Dr. Who is just exactly, exactly.
 Yeah.
 Also on roughly the 12th generation model.
 That's what it, when, yeah, I can't remember, actually.
 Yeah.
 A wretching in the armor for you, then.
 Are we counting the audio books?
 That's amazing.
 Yeah, it's good, isn't it?
 Is there any other ones that are kind of similar?
 I can't imagine.
 I think the Ford Fiesta.
 I think Ford Fiesta, that's the one that was in my, that's interesting, isn't it?
 It's like when you say "Think of a Car", means like "Asus Bates".
 If you ask a British person to name a car, they'll probably say "Fold Fiesta".
 I think so.
 But wasn't like some of the early Volkswagen's, didn't they date back to World War II?
 I don't know.
 Yes, they probably had a bit of a clear out of the Volkswagen's, didn't they?
 After the mid-40s?
 I think they--
 By association?
 I don't know.
 This is a problem that's doing this show with no Google.
 Absolutely.
 Yeah.
 I'll do one more here, which was sent in by Chloe Martin.
 She says, "A good Hong Kong fact for you."
 Redneck seller Terrace in the Hong Kong mid-levels is so named because the original signwriter
 wrote Alexander Terrace right to left, as in the Chinese way.
 Redneck seller.
 Alexander backwards.
 It's Alexander backwards.
 Now we've mentioned this on the show.
 We have.
 I've mentioned it because my mum and dad lived on that road.
 Yes.
 It's a friend of the podcast, Redneck's Hello.
 Last one?
 Yeah.
 Okay, this is from Graeme Wallace.
 And Graeme says, "You've covered animal regeneration previously, but this seems to be an extreme
 example.
 There are two sea slugs from the species sacco-glossin that can amputate their entire body and then
 come back to life."
 Wait, what's left if you've amputated your entire body?
 Your head.
 Head and body.
 Separate.
 Yes.
 Separate your head from your body.
 No more shoulders, knees and toes, though.
 It's a quick game.
 Head.
 Head.
 You've got your eyes and your ears and your mouth and your nose too.
 You've got your eyes and your mouth.
 Actually, yeah.
 Yeah, yeah.
 So here's the thing.
 How do you get the energy to regrow your body if you're only ahead and you don't have
 a digestive system?
 I guess you can't travel around to eat because you were using your body for that.
 Even if you could eat, food can't digest your digestive system.
 I would say small micro-digestive system just in your mouth.
 It's kind of, but there's something more.
 Do you park the bottom of the hole in your neck on the anus of another slug and take in
 the nutrients of what's passed through their body?
 Wow, Dan.
 I mean, I could imagine that working.
 Nature.
 Wild.
 Yeah.
 But a sea slugs, especially, they are wacky.
 What seems to happen is that they eat some algae and they algae photo-synthesizes creates
 energy and that gives them the energy to then create their body.
 Wow.
 That's insane.
 I know.
 That is nature.
 That is, yeah.
 That's as weird as you said, Dan.
 Is it?
 Yeah, I was going to say is it any weirder than attaching your head onto some wasadas to
 get the nutrient?
 It's weirdly like Mary Shelley's Frankenstein monster where it's like electricity was turning,
 like it's creating this kind of zap sense of question over here.
 Actually, I don't think she ever says the galvanising forces electricity in the book.
 No, but in the preface, she does talk about Galvanis experiments.
 Yes, but that's just an example and actually it's very unclear what chemical mechanism is
 used to bring the creature to life.
 Yeah, but I would...
 So I'm just forced to...
 I'm just forced to all of you.
 Well, I would have said Frankenstein in that case, but I said Mary Shelley's Frankenstein,
 which is the name of the kind of Branagh film.
 In which...
 I...
 Electrocity is used.
 I'm going to cut off my top not right now.
 Very nice.
 Very nice.
 Okay.
 Well, this is brilliant.
 We love these facts coming in.
 Thank you so much, everyone.
 And before we wrap up with this episode, we've got one more important thing to do, which
 is hand out some past headline facts to members of the highest tier friend of the podcast
 of Club Fish.
 So who wants to go first?
 I will.
 This one goes out to Radu Flueras.
 A fantastic name, Radu.
 This is the fact that in medical jargon, lull used to mean little old lady.
 And that meant that other doctor's acronyms included lolinad, little old lady in no apparent
 distress, or lalfa de guber, little old lady fall down go boom.
 This is great, this is episode 27, and we had as guest on the show Helen Zoltzman.
 It's such a weird one, this kind of medical jargon stuff, because the idea is that doctors
 write it on your notes.
 And then I saw a really, really believable debunk saying, "You're allowed to get your notes
 now.
 There is absolutely no way that any doctor would do this."
 And a load of doctors saying, "Yeah, it was a thing that happened in the past, but we
 don't do it anymore."
 But then I've heard actual doctors say, "Yeah, we do do that."
 We do this all the time.
 So I don't know what to believe.
 In between carving our initials on your liver during sensitive operations.
 Yeah, I think probably, oh, definitely used to happen a fair bit before you could get
 your notes quite so easily.
 Yeah, and Helen is, of course, a complete podcasting Don.
 Yes.
 She's of answer me this.
 And the illusionist and all sorts of other shows.
 And I don't think it's too much to say that we were partly inspired to make this show
 from Helen.
 I'm not 100%.
 They showed kind of the potential of what a podcast could be to everyone who was making it
 at the time.
 So that was very cool.
 We love Helen.
 Okay.
 Here is one for Alice Jackson and Alice, your fact.
 I'm sorry, it's another down tribe or one.
 Only joking.
 No, it's great fact.
 It is that according to researchers at Glasgow, Caledonian University, listening to Billy
 Connelly can substantially increase your tolerance to pain.
 And this is the way that they do this.
 You put your hand in ice for as long as possible.
 And you take it out when you can't manage it any longer.
 And they've done a few experiments like this.
 The famous one is the one about swearing, which is you could keep your hand in the ice for
 longer if you're just going, if you're just going, yeah, if you're just doing a thick
 Scottish accent, I can understand what you were saying, the old Ron Brown.
 Well congrats to you, Alice.
 That's your fact.
 And now Kate Haymes.
 We have one for you.
 Is it not Haymes?
 No, it's just laughing because do you remember, you called me Haymes for quite a long time?
 Hummus.
 Hummus.
 But I think one reason was, did I not get mentioned in someone's book?
 Yeah.
 You received an acknowledgement in Steve Colgan's book, which was Haymes Harkin, and you became
 Haymes for a very long time.
 Yeah.
 So Kate Haymes, this is your fact.
 The first woman to cycle the world, learn to ride a bike the day before she set off.
 Is this friend of the podcast, Annie London Derry?
 Annie London Derry.
 Yes.
 Who was an amazing world traveling cycling lady, and she was, I think she was about 23 when
 she did it.
 She was so young.
 I think she might even have had a husband and children who she might have written out of
 the story.
 She did.
 Which she was selling to the press because she wanted to be like young single cool lady.
 Right.
 Get's press attention.
 That's a lot of the story, but there's so much more to it.
 And you can read all about it in the excellent book, Everything to Play for.
 The QI Book of Sport by James Harkin and Anna Toshinsky.
 She has a whole chapter about her.
 Yeah.
 Oh, you can just go on Wikipedia.
 I mean, it's all out.
 Well, you can listen back to episode 27 as well.
 I think we found some stuff that isn't Wikipedia for that.
 We went to the old newspaper archives because she was in the newspapers quite a lot, and
 they gave lots of really amazing stories of when she fell off her bike and all this kind
 of stuff.
 Nice.
 And do you think, did she cheat for any bits?
 Obviously, she went on boats over the ocean bits.
 Yeah.
 We think that a lot of her stories should be taken with a bit of a pinch of salt.
 Yeah.
 But she was very cool.
 Yeah.
 Super cool.
 Very early friend of the podcast.
 One of the first ever friends of the podcast, actually.
 Yeah.
 But she did make it, too.
 We did recently.
 If you're part of the top tier of Club Fish, there is the friend of the podcast
 here.
 For three months, you get sent a T-shirt, and we have made a friends of the podcast T-shirt,
 which lists all of the greatest friends of the podcast.
 And she makes it on there.
 And the London Dairy appears.
 Andy, let's go to you.
 This is a fact that goes to Mark Norman.
 Mark, your fact is that when Californian ground squirrels are attacked by snakes, they increase
 their blood pressure, so their tail gives off more infrared radiation, making them look
 bigger.
 You might be thinking, well, my blood pressure would increase if I was being shredded
 by a rattlesnake, but the really cool thing is they do this with rattlesnakes, which they
 know can see an infrared, even though the squirrel itself can't see an infrared, it knows
 that the snake can.
 It's fascinating.
 And it doesn't do it with other snakes.
 So we know it's a deliberate thing because it knows it works, maybe it doesn't know about
 the infrared spectrum.
 Yeah.
 It just does something, and this works against that snake, and they're like, guys, we should
 do that again.
 Exactly.
 So that is a fact.
 This one goes to JDG, JDG, I don't know what they stand for, but I think the J might be
 Joshua looking at your email address.
 But anyway, JDG, this is your fact now, and that is that every day over 100 people used
 to watch King Louis the 14th get up and get dressed.
 Magnificent.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, that was one of your facts, Andy, and it was a brilliant fact about, yeah, about
 how his life was just on display.
 Yeah.
 It was called the Revive, wasn't it?
 And people just woke up and, well, they woke up early and then went to watch him wake up, and
 then they watched him have his first "we" of the day, and then they watched him get dressed,
 and then they watched him have his breakfast.
 Yes.
 We're actually thinking of launching a higher tier where you can get this kind of access
 to, if anyone registers their interest.
 Yeah.
 Very cool.
 I'm going to read out the next one here.
 By the way, that last fact was from episode 28, so here's the second one from that episode,
 which is now under the custodianship of Gemma Donald, and it is that there is an original
 Picasso that we will never see because it was eaten by the dog.
 Really nice.
 I know he was very prolific, Picasso, wasn't he?
 Yeah.
 And he was the one who also did a supposedly did the drawing on a napkin to pay for his
 classes.
 That's right.
 So Mr. Picasso, can you sign it, please, and he said, "No, I want to pay for my coffee,
 not the entire cafe."
 Yes.
 It was a way to indeed yourself to the staff, isn't it?
 Do you guys ever do this in cafes or restaurants?
 I do it all the time.
 Yeah.
 Half of them are sort of a bit of tedious humour, and you know, yeah, get a 10% off.
 So get a 10% off?
 Five?
 Yeah.
 Okay, we'll just take a service, Trump.
 Yeah.
 Thank you very much.
 They've actually added 10% to the bill.
 Time wasting.
 Oh, here's another one.
 Yep.
 It goes out to J.F.
 This is the fact is that during the Second World War, the U.S. Navy diving manual contained
 detailed instructions over what to do if eaten by a giant clam.
 Wow.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 Nice.
 That was one of mine.
 I can't remember the details about it now, but it was just in this, I remember seeing
 the images.
 Yeah.
 I remember.
 And then we looked into it and actually a giant clam isn't strong enough to take an hour
 to close.
 Yeah.
 And even if it did close, it has little gaps in it and you'd be able to get your foot out
 anyway.
 Yeah.
 Just a clam.
 Grow up.
 I don't want to be responsible as a podcast for anyone being eaten by a giant clam.
 And I'm saying, oh, I'm just going to keep my foot in here for an hour because those things
 are fish set.
 That's the answer easily.
 Wiggle it out.
 I call myself things are fish.
 They know what they're talking about in the underwater realm.
 I find.
 I sort of think it would be cool if we were responsible for that.
 Well, we're trying to get publicity this year, aren't we?
 It's the year of putting ourselves out there.
 They're right.
 So I think it's a guessing listeners eating my giant clams is one way of doing it.
 Yeah.
 Is that all the one show?
 I think the problem with that is if we try and get our listenership up by doing away
 with our listeners, you know, we have to get two new listeners for the one that we've
 lost.
 Do you know what?
 That's a really good point.
 That's a really good point.
 Okay.
 There we go, our latest custodians, congratulations to JF, to Gemma, to JDG, to Mark, Kate, Alice, and
 Radu.
 You are now the custodians of all these facts.
 If you yourself would like to get ownership of one of our facts, all you need to do is join
 the top tier of Clubfish, go to patreon.com/nosuchthing as a fish and not only will you be given
 a shout out on the show, but we will also send you a digital certificate and do with that.
 What you like.
 Anyway, we're going to be back again next week.
 Do keep sending us your facts.
 We absolutely love reading them out here on Little Fish.
 Otherwise, come join us again on Friday for another regular episode of No Such Thing
 as a Fish.
 We will see you then.
 Goodbye.
 [Music]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
