 Hey guys, just before we begin this week's show, we have a little announcement to make,
 which is that we have something for you to look at.
 That's a bit disgusting, aren't we?
 Well, I wouldn't say so, don't you?
 It's a bit inappropriate.
 No, it's a wonderful kind of behind-the-scenes video of tall life on a tall.
 A documentary behind the girls.
 Behind the girls, exactly.
 No, why aren't you wearing any trousers?
 We don't have time to get into that now, and at the point is, we've released this thing.
 And it's our tour, isn't it? We filmed loads of stuff for it, loads of behind-the-scenes
 interviews and videos of us backstage getting ready.
 Yeah, it was super fun. We had a great time on tour, and we just filmed some of the chats we had,
 some interviews where you can learn some deep dark secrets from our pasts.
 Childhood photos, that kind of thing.
 Yeah, so it's been available in the UK for a little while.
 So hopefully all you guys have got it, but if you haven't then get it now, but the big news is,
 it's now available in America, so if you go to Amazon, if you go to Google Play,
 if you go to iTunes, you'll be able to get hold of it now.
 That's true, or you can just go to qi.com/gills where you'll find all the links.
 Okay, where are my trousers?
 Oh, no, they're so...
 (music)
 Oh, and welcome to another episode of "No Such Thing as a Fish, a Weakly Podcast"
 coming to you this week live from Debra!
 (applause)
 My name is Jan Schreiber, and I'm sitting here with Anna Chazinski, Andrew Hunter-Marie,
 and James Harkin, and once again, we have gathered around the microphones with our
 four favorite facts from the last seven days, and in no particular order,
 here we go, starting with you, Chazinski.
 My fact this week is that every competitor at the world's longest dog sled race
 brings about 600 spare pairs of shoes with them.
 And they're for the dogs.
 This is amazing, so this is the...
 I've did a road race which happens in Alaska every year.
 It's very long, it's roughly a thousand miles through Alaska.
 And yeah, the dogs have to wear shoes, and so by the rules of the game,
 they actually have to bring eight extra shoes on the sled with them.
 So at any one time, there have to be eight pairs of dog shoes on the sled.
 I was going to say on a pair of dog shoes is that four shoes are two shoes.
 I didn't know how to word this, but it's...
 So it's a pair is for the front pair, and then you have a second pair for the back pair,
 the way I see it, but it basically...
 Do dogs have different foot sizes on the front sets to the back sets?
 They actually, they can do, they can do, yeah, sometimes they do, yeah.
 So if you're buying, if you're buying your dog shoes,
 then number one you're insane. But number two, you have to get both sides measured.
 What's the biggest difference between the back...
 Like there's some dogs with tiny, tiny front paws and a massive back paws.
 That would be good. Like a penny-farthing, but in dog form.
 Like a kangaroo on all fours, yeah.
 Yeah. Yeah. I believe not.
 And the facts get in the way, but otherwise pleasing bit of whimsy.
 Byte, so I didn't actually look that much into the size range of the dog shoes.
 I will say that the moshes, the guys...
 We're calling the moshes or moshes.
 Moshes. So moshes.
 Yeah.
 So these are the due to riding the sled?
 This is guys riding the sled or the woman who's riding the sled.
 They usually make the dog shoes themselves, so I guess they can tailor into each dog's foot size.
 And like I say, in the rules, per dog you have to have eight extra shoes on board the sled.
 And so yeah, they usually bring over a thousand pairs of shoes, like 13, 14, 100 shoes.
 And then the dogs have to drag the weights of those shoes, as well, don't they?
 I guess. Yeah, they do kind of change them like that, though.
 So you know, in Formula One, you have pit stops where you're going to get filled out with petrol.
 But that's what happens. You have your pit stops on the sled race.
 Where you go and you have to change your dog shoes.
 That's amazing. They bring the guys at the side.
 They're bringing 16 trees for the dog to piss again.
 Some drivers, moshes, rather, they bring 3,000 little booties for the kids.
 Because you've got 16 dogs pulling each sled, I think that's right, so that's 64 feet.
 Yeah, yeah.
 What happens? Do they lose their shoe on the run or do they wear through?
 Why do they need to change so much?
 It gets worn through.
 So the reason they have shoes, it's not because of the colder.
 Anything dogs feet are very good at managing the cold, so it's totally covered in ice and snow.
 But the reason they need it is for the kind of lumps and bumps and the grit and the sharp bits of ice
 that might get stuck in their paws.
 And so that wears away at the shoes and just, you know, they're running pretty hardcore.
 That's cool. That's fun.
 I read a really cool thing about the, because this is a big event that happens annually.
 And it brings people from all over the planet to come and compete.
 And in 2010, the event saw its first ever Jamaican team entering it.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah, he's, yeah, he's called The Mushroom Mon.
 That's what he calls himself.
 And he, yeah, he's been competing for years.
 That's a nickname, isn't it?
 Yeah, no, it's his. He calls himself.
 That's his nickname, yeah. That's cool.
 Yeah.
 It's just, because I thought there was one guy called Newton Marshall.
 That's him. That's him.
 So, you know, the amazing thing about Newton Marshall is such a cool story.
 So basically, in 2014, there was another sledar called Scott Janssen.
 And he came off his sled and he was really, really badly injured, but he was off the track.
 And he didn't know if anyone was going to find him.
 And Newton Marshall came by on his sled and he noticed that this sled had been overturned
 and that someone was really badly injured.
 Like, he'd been seriously concast, he'd broken his ankle.
 And so he went and he saved him.
 This guy called Newton Marshall went and he raised the alarm
 and he sort of made him a little bed in the snow.
 And they waited for him to be saved.
 And he was rescued, he was fine.
 So that was what Newton Marshall did.
 But the bizarre thing about this is that two years earlier in the same race,
 Scott Janssen's dog had collapsed.
 And he'd had to revive him with mouth to snout resuscitation.
 So he'd been as good as dead for five minutes.
 And Scott Janssen is a funeral home director.
 So he said, I know what dead looks like.
 That dog was dead, but he gave him mouth to snout.
 And the bizarre thing about this is that the dog was called Marshall.
 So he saved a Marshall.
 What are you suggesting?
 I genuinely don't know.
 I think what I'm clearly missing is the dog Marshall has been reincarnated
 in the person Marshall who's then come to save him as a thank you for saving the dog.
 So it could subsequently die from this.
 I know.
 And Newton, the human will be, you know, one year old.
 He wouldn't be in, I think.
 We got to know all the answers.
 Also, I find it a bit weird that just because he works at a funeral home this guy,
 that he should be good at mouth to mouth resuscitation.
 And people brought him and he's like, we can still save him.
 Give me five minutes.
 I wouldn't trust that guy.
 My favorite, my favorite musher is a guy called John Souter.
 And he thought, you know what, all these guys are doing it wrong with these huskies.
 I'm going to do it with poodles.
 And so he got some poodles to carry his sled or to pull his sled along.
 He got them, he brought them up with huskies.
 So they kind of learned what to do with the huskies.
 But unfortunately, they all got frozen feet.
 Because the huskies have got special padding, haven't they?
 And now it's banned and you have to have only certain types of dog that you're allowed.
 There used to be that you could have any dog you wanted.
 But truly, there weren't many winners from the Chihuahua team.
 Do you know what the idea for what it's based on?
 It's based on an event which happened in 1925 called The Great Race of Mercy.
 And this was a real crisis.
 So there was a town in Nome which had an epidemic of death area and it was beginning.
 And it was, you know, people were starting to die.
 A few people had already died.
 And the nearest anti-toxin was a thousand miles away.
 In 1925, there were only three planes in the whole of Alaska
 and they were elderly, unreliable biplanes.
 So they couldn't be guaranteed to get there.
 So they went with dogs.
 And there were hero dogs and hero musherers who got the anti-toxin a thousand miles to the town of Nome.
 And the guy who approved this, the governor of Alaska who approved this.
 His name was Scott Bone.
 So there's a coincidence.
 I'm not saying he was a reincarnated dog.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And afterwards, the lead dog, Balto.
 He became a celebrity.
 He was as famous as Rinton Tin or Lassie or all these other celebrity dogs of the 1920s.
 And the mayor of Los Angeles awarded Balto a bone-shaped key to the city.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Oh, please.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I've got a couple of favourites, favourites, races.
 So this is two people, a guy called Dallas and a guy called Mitch,
 their father and son.
 And they seem to have this ongoing rivalry.
 So in 2012, Dallas Ceevy became the youngest winner.
 He was 25 years old and he won it.
 In 2013, his father became the oldest ever winner.
 This went on.
 So Dallas kept on winning it year after year.
 In 2016, he broke the record for the fastest time it's ever been done.
 So he did it in eight days and 11 hours.
 And in 2017, the following year, his dad broke the record again in eight days and three hours.
 And actually, that year, the son Dallas's dogs turned out to be doped.
 Now, they were weirdly, they were doped with a tramadol,
 which everyone agreed would not be of any benefit at all.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Surely they'd get a nice night's sleep at the end of the day.
 [LAUGHTER]
 But yeah, I should say his father was not a suspect
 for doping his son's dogs or anything.
 But this year, he decided he didn't want to do it, right?
 Because they said that, basically, he doped his dogs.
 He said, I definitely didn't do it.
 Someone else must have done it.
 And he wasn't happy about it.
 And now he's kind of pulled out.
 Oh, is that why he didn't do it?
 I believe so, yeah.
 And it was done so much lower this year.
 It was like nine days, something.
 It was rubbish.
 Yeah, what would they do?
 But actually, I should just say, a lot of people don't like the dog sledding,
 don't they?
 They think it's kind of cruel.
 Because a lot of the dogs get sick.
 Some of them die.
 We all die.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Well, how did you like to pull a sled?
 Well, the old guy.
 He might as well just pull a fucking sled.
 I'm just saying, life is hard.
 It's a lot harder if you're pulling a sled.
 That's a good point, sorry, yeah.
 Well, the other thing is, there's lots of things that can happen there.
 I mean, they do die.
 One of the worst things they get is scrotal and penile frostbite.
 Wow.
 OK.
 Yeah?
 There's a frostbite.
 No, I'd like to announce, I'm pulling out of the next day as a general.
 And then I thought I would check to see if humans can get frostbite.
 On the penises.
 Because I just didn't trust you.
 I just didn't trust you.
 That's why you went to Iceland.
 [LAUGHTER]
 The zoo's all gone off.
 Not why mom shops there.
 Well, apparently, according to the internet,
 the classic account of humans getting frostbite on their genitals
 is from the New England Journal of Medicine in 1977.
 And there's a doctor called Melvin Hirschkowitz.
 And he went running in very cold weather.
 And he got that.
 And it's notable.
 The paper is notable because, once he writes about what happened,
 and at one stage, his wife comes home and finds him standing
 legs apart in the bedroom, nude below the waist,
 holding the tip of his penis in his right hand,
 and turning the pages of the New England Journal of Medicine.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I was just looking up weird dog competitions.
 And there's a magazine called Veterinary Practice News.
 And it has an annual x-ray competition awarded
 to dogs who eat in the weirdest things.
 So recently, one of the winners was Lola, a seven-kilototus,
 who'd eaten a turtle pendant.
 But--
 I think it took.
 Is our dogs, are they?
 No, sorry, it was just pett, just pett.
 Oh, right.
 I mean, we're things, sorry.
 But my favorite one was the Rotweiler.
 I want to see one pulling the sled.
 [LAUGHTER]
 My favorite one of these winners was the Rotweiler,
 who had swallowed her own as wristwatch.
 But the alarm was still on, telling her when
 to take her insulin.
 So she had to listen to the dog to find the one to take her pedals.
 [LAUGHTER]
 All right, it is time for fact number two.
 And that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that 3,000 feet up a mountain in France
 is a block of sandstone commemorating the exact spot
 where the author Victor Hugo's parents conceived him.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah, it's--
 this was revealed that that was the spot where it happened
 in a letter written by his dad, who bragged about it a lot.
 It was at the top of this mountain, called Mount Denon,
 in France, and he made it to the top.
 And it was years later, this wasn't done in his lifetime,
 but years later, a museum curator thought,
 I've got to commemorate this and brought a sandstone.
 And it's there to this day.
 It was kind of a prank, wasn't it?
 By the guy from the museum in the '60s, was it?
 I think it was like a practical joke in the 1960s.
 But did you know that Victor Hugo denied
 that that was where it happened?
 Because he was kind of ashamed of this mountain,
 big amount, and that wasn't super famous,
 not everyone knew about it.
 So whenever he retold the story of when he was conceived,
 as we all do, he made lots of little changes.
 So there'd been a Celtic temple on Mount Denon,
 and he changed that to a Roman temple of love.
 And he changed the mountain range to the Alps,
 because everyone's heard of the Alps.
 And he made it Montblanc, because that's 3,000 feet taller.
 And so his version, he was a storyteller.
 That was what he did.
 Yeah, you run at the risk of frostbite to the scrotum.
 If you try to conceive of that altitude.
 [LAUGHTER]
 He did-- he told a lot of stories, obviously.
 Namely little.
 He knew his room.
 Yeah, fine, fine.
 He claimed that he and his wife, Adele,
 had sex nine times on their wedding night.
 And the telegraph wrote that, apparently,
 she lost her taste for intercourse after that first night.
 And I'm not surprised.
 Well, he was a sex addict, wasn't he?
 Yes.
 He was constantly going to brothels.
 He almost had a sort of, like, breakfast
 sex and then lunchtime sex and dinner sex.
 There was almost a menu on a day-to-day basis with Victor Hugo,
 to the point that he was so popular amongst the brothels of Paris
 that when he died, the brothels of Paris
 closed down for the day so that everyone working there
 could come to the funeral procession to pay tribute.
 I read one account, and I'm not sure this can be true.
 But the prostitutes of Paris draped their vaginas
 in black, crepe paper.
 [LAUGHTER]
 That's according to a guy called Edmund Gonca,
 who was there at the time of the world.
 How did he know?
 He can't have tested them all.
 But what happened was, when he died,
 everyone thought he was going to die.
 And then he kind of stuck around for a few weeks.
 And so people came to Paris, expecting for him to die,
 and they were going to celebrate his life.
 But it went so long.
 More and more and more people came.
 And in the end, there were a crowd of 2 million people
 at this funeral, which was more than the normal population
 of Paris.
 Wow.
 It was rammed.
 And everyone-- because he was like a famous sex addict
 or whatever, and he was a partier, everyone just got drunk.
 Everyone had sex.
 There was this story that always happens
 that people say that nine months later,
 there were loads of babies born.
 So people were saying that during the funeral,
 everyone was just having sex everywhere.
 There was a parade at his funeral,
 and it took six hours for it to get to the end.
 And there were delegations of different professions there.
 So there were veterans, civil servants, writers, animal lovers,
 a schoolchildren, suffrageers.
 Sorry, can we give it back?
 What-- his-- was animal lover a formal profession?
 No.
 Who's paying for that?
 But apparently, the suffrageers got really annoyed,
 because they were behind the gymnasts in the department stores.
 They said, we deserve better than this.
 Wow, but it was just after his 79th birthday.
 So he had an 80th birthday party on his 79th birthday
 as he was entering his 80th year.
 And for that one, half a million people just walked past his house
 as he sat outside waving at them.
 And then the next day, because that was his apartment in Paris,
 they changed the street name from where he was living.
 So it got changed to become avenue Victor Hugo.
 So his remaining days, he lived on the street
 named after him, and he would say that he would--
 he wanted all the future mail that came to him
 to be addressed to Mr. Victor in his avenue, Paris.
 And that would make it to him.
 He said he wanted a pauper's burial, a pauper's funeral,
 and he obviously had the complete opposite.
 But I'm not totally convinced he wants it.
 There's one biography of him, which kind of seems
 to suggest that he was obviously famous for being
 a proponent of helping out the poor.
 And then Mr. Arbor has all about the awful conditions
 people lived in.
 But he really liked people to know it.
 So for instance, apparently, he liked people
 to ask him why he was wearing his coat inside out.
 Because then he'd say to them, I just wear it inside out
 rather than buying a new one.
 And then I can give that money to the poor.
 And he really-- he really liked to invite this kind of worker.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I know, right?
 Apparently, according to this person,
 he actually left in his will what the biographer
 describes as an "exeguous summer," a very small amount
 in his will to the poor, because he knew how rumours work.
 And he knew that that would become an enormous amount
 within a short amount of time.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Sorry.
 He was so famous when he was living in Guernsey,
 that admirers would save the pebbles
 that he walked upon when he was walking across the beach.
 Wow.
 So they would be like, he's still on that one.
 I'll take that.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 Apparently.
 I mean, it doesn't sound very true, does it?
 Is it from-- did he tell us that?
 Or--
 It's hard to tell.
 He was kind of-- he was paid in a very unusual way,
 for the lamez, because he said, I think,
 to his publisher-- his publisher said, how much do you want?
 And he made him a quite a high offer.
 And he said, no, that's not enough.
 And he said, I think he said, I'd like to be paid more than anyone else
 has ever been paid to write a book.
 I'll give some to the poor.
 But the publisher didn't have the money to pay.
 It was, I think, equivalent of about 3 million pounds,
 which is a huge amount of money.
 And the publisher didn't have that money.
 So he had to borrow all of that from a bank.
 So it was kind of a private finance initiative novel, basically.
 And then the publisher just borrowed in the assumption
 that it would pay off.
 And it did.
 Yeah, it was huge, wasn't it?
 When it was published, people turned up with wheelbarrows
 to buy copies of it.
 What?
 How big was it?
 It is a big book.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And wheelbarrows at the time were very small.
 Yeah.
 But what happened is you would go in.
 If you were a worker, and you could get some time off,
 and you could afford to get the book,
 and you could queue up and get there in time with your wheelbarrow,
 then you could sell it to your friends.
 And you could make a massive profit on it.
 It was like a ticket town to kind of think, yeah, wow.
 He wasn't quite arrogant, though, wasn't he?
 That was it.
 He wanted to be paid all the money in the world.
 And he used to-- he was a party animal.
 So he apparently used to have 30 guests
 surrounded in every single night, right up until he was 80,
 when he died.
 But he then did at these big dinner parties.
 He used to spend the whole time talking about how great he was.
 He would say, there is only one classical writer
 in this country.
 One, do you hear me?
 I am the only one.
 I know the French language better than anyone else alive.
 And then he was better.
 Sorry, I just asked if you wanted red or white one.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And then he'd catalog all like Bullsack and Racine
 and all the other great writers
 and explain why they were not as good as he was.
 There was one time when he wouldn't talk about himself
 in these parties.
 And that was when he did his party trick,
 which was putting a whole orange into his mouth,
 and then thrusting as many pieces of sugar as possible
 into his cheeks, and then scrunching it all up,
 swallowing two liquor glasses of kish,
 and then opening his mouth and saying, I've just eaten it all.
 So now this is tricky.
 Could it eat an orange and a lotus sugar really quickly?
 Oh, awesome.
 And people still talk about his novel, or something.
 We're going to have to move on very shortly.
 The guy who wrote the lyrics for the musical of Les Mis,
 he was a guy called James Fenton.
 He wrote the first lyrics, lots of people.
 I had it how to get out of the lyrics.
 But when he was given the book and told,
 hey, why don't you have a look at the lyrics
 for this turning this novel into lyrics.
 He was on a three-month trip looking for headhunters in Borneo.
 And it was a really heavy book.
 And he said that he spent three months in a canoe,
 reading Les Mis, and every time he finished a chapter,
 he threw it to the crocodile,
 so he could save a bit of weight in the canoe.
 That's very cool.
 Did you know he trended on Twitter in 2014
 for a kind of related reason?
 So he trended on Twitter and not in a good way.
 It turned out, the BBC reported this,
 that he was suddenly Victor Hugo was receiving
 all these death threats on Twitter.
 And he was being called, lots of stuff.
 He was called the son of a prostitute.
 His daughter was called a big bitch.
 And it turned out what happened was one of his poems
 had been set in a French baccalaureate exam.
 And they were so annoyed about it.
 Because it's so factual that all the students
 got online afterwards.
 They got him trending.
 Isn't that--
 I think you know you've made it when you're getting death threats
 on Twitter 200 years.
 [LAUGHTER]
 OK, it's time to move on to fact number three.
 And that is James.
 OK, my fact this week is in the event of a zombie apocalypse,
 only one country will survive.
 And that country is North Korea.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 So this is a study by some mathematicians in Brazil.
 And they've kind of done a model of what's going to happen.
 And it's going to be like a straight fight between human and zombie.
 And the zombie's always going to win.
 But if you get a human with a gun, like in the army,
 then the human might win.
 And they've worked out that what you're going to need
 is 47 soldiers per 1,000 capital in order to survive.
 And there's only one country with that many people.
 And that is North Korea.
 And they have also the advantage
 of being completely separate from everyone else.
 So it's going to be difficult for the zombies to get in.
 The borders are very guarded and stuff like that.
 So if the zombies come, that's where it's the best place to go.
 Oh, right.
 In all of the circumstances, I don't love that.
 I was reading, my assumption is, if you were killed by a zombie,
 it would be through your brains being eaten and you being attacked.
 According to Max Brooks, Max Brooks is an author who
 wrote the zombie survival guide.
 He wrote the movie World War Z, the book
 or other World War Z, which was made into the Brad Pitt movie.
 So he studied in a very serious way
 what he thought would be the way that you would be most likely
 to die in a zombie apocalypse.
 And his main reason for anyone's death
 is that you would die from explosive diarrhea.
 And it's because water would become so scarce
 that you would be forced to drink from puddles.
 Puddles are very dangerous to get water from.
 You can see why they don't make most of the zombie films
 about the whole explosive diarrhea puddle issue.
 Yeah.
 I wouldn't want to.
 I did look up, because there are so many zombie films.
 And they're quite cheap to make, obviously,
 because all you need is some willing extras with a load of makeup on.
 And a load of them are quite low quality.
 But I went through a list of all the zombie films I could find online.
 I just wanted to share a few of the titles, because they're great.
 So there are classic things like boy, eat, girl, free, clever.
 There's erotic nights of the living dead.
 There's flights of the living dead, which is a plane-based zombie film.
 My favorite one is--
 I like the explosive diarrhea one.
 The shites of the living dead.
 I've got a third one.
 It's not as good as that.
 It's called "Poltery Guysed Night of the Chicken Dead."
 A tiny little nugget about the World War Z movie, by the way,
 that was made, which is just a cool bit of trivia, which
 is that one of the actors in the movie was Peter Capaldi.
 And Peter Capaldi was cast as a World Health Organization Doctor.
 So he was a whew, Doctor.
 And what it was is that the filmmakers had
 inside knowledge that he was going to be announced as the Doctor.
 This was before Doctor Who.
 And so it's a subtle, like Easter Egg here.
 Oh, and none of us guessed based on that.
 We should have known these stories in the face.
 People at scientists and people at universities
 are always writing analyses of what happens in a zombie apocalypse.
 It happens really in a lot of places.
 And I think it's kind of a way of engaging people
 when making something sound fun.
 When actually, it's a paper about statistical projections.
 That could be fun, Ella.
 Which, for a lot of people, is fun.
 But one example of this was the University of Ottawa
 a few years ago, published a paper with an equation in it,
 explaining how fast we'd have to deal with the zombie apocalypse.
 So the paper's called, when zombies attack,
 mathematical modeling of an outbreak of zombie infection.
 And one of the papers authors, the professor in charge,
 was called Robert J. Smith, question mark.
 And it turns out that the guy here at this paper
 has put a question mark on the end of his name.
 And I looked him up.
 And if you go to his academic page on the website at the university,
 he says, yeah, that's not a typo.
 I really do have a question mark on the end of my name.
 Do you have any idea what it's like to live with such an incredibly
 common name that you'll never ever show up on Google?
 [LAUGHTER]
 I had to do something.
 How do you think he pronounced his it?
 Did his Robert Smith?
 [LAUGHTER]
 Or Smith?
 Definitely.
 Oh, he might just say question mark at the end, maybe.
 Yeah.
 But he then also says, I did go to his page.
 I saw this as well.
 He then follows up by saying, how do you stick out on Google?
 He then goes, actually, you still don't stick out on Google
 when you put it on your mark.
 So it hasn't really worked.
 I like the other one who he wanted to stick out
 against, who is Robert Smith.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I've got a bit of good news in the zombie world to come.
 Oh, good.
 We're going to win.
 It's going to be fine.
 It's going to be absolutely fine.
 We're going to win within about a week, guys.
 OK, there's someone booth.
 There's like a bit of a weird zombie wall.
 How many of the priorities, mate?
 So there's an article by a scientist
 called David Misagewski.
 And he said that nature would destroy zombies
 before they could destroy us.
 So obviously, all animals will be packing away at them.
 They're dead.
 They're not very fast with the reactions.
 But the main thing is microorganisms
 would go to town on them.
 Bacteria, fungi, molds, insects, flesh-eating beetles.
 I think it's a bit cocky for you to say,
 we're going to win in that situation.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Allies in the microorganism world will join us
 in a coalition of the live.
 That's a really good point.
 That's such good logic.
 They can decompose a rabbit right down to the bones in a week.
 So they'll go to town on these things.
 Misagewski, he did say that in his kind of world,
 animals can't get the same disease that humans were getting.
 Do you know what I mean?
 So the animals can't become zombies in his kind of idea.
 If the animals can become zombies as well,
 then it's a whole different ballgame.
 If you're getting attacked by zombie microwarkers,
 that is not a great movie either.
 I must admit, but there's someone else
 who's published advice on how to escape zombies.
 How to survive a zombie attack is the CDC,
 the Center for Disease Control in America.
 And this was obviously kind of a PR thing
 to try and get people actually onto their website.
 So they learned how to survive genuine crises.
 But it's quite funny, because if you do go to the site now,
 they've got a zombie preparedness page,
 a zombie preparedness blog.
 They've got a zombie preparedness booklet for educators
 that they will send out.
 But they don't really conceal their true purpose very well.
 So the tips they give are things like,
 stock up on water, food, and other supplies
 to get you through the first couple of days
 before you can locate a zombie-free refugee camp.
 Brackets or, in the case of a natural disaster,
 it will buy you some time to get to an evacuation shelter
 or until utility lines are restored, close brackets.
 It's always like, you know, first aid supplies,
 in case that horrible zombie bites you.
 Also, we'll come in handy in a tornado or a hurricane.
 LAUGHTER
 And one other thing that might help us if the zombies attack
 to win is the reverse zombie tick.
 Cool.
 OK, this is an animal, a little tick.
 And if it bites you, it makes you allergic to meat.
 And so the idea is what we might do
 is kind of work out what makes that happen.
 And then we can inject it into the zombies,
 make them allergic to eating us, and then we're saved.
 But just because the zombies got hives,
 doesn't mean that you're not then a zombie.
 Yeah.
 Wait.
 LAUGHTER
 How?
 Do you guys know that zombies make an appearance
 in Amazon's terms and services conditions?
 You know that when you go and you sign that massive 26,000 words?
 Yeah, we all read it.
 But then you, oh, then this won't be a surprise.
 Someone did read the whole thing, and they discovered
 that there's a passage in it, which reads, however,
 so that it just comes into this.
 However, this restriction will not apply
 in the event of the occurrence of a widespread viral infection
 transmitted via bites or contact with bubbly fluids
 that cause human corpses to reanimate
 and seek to consume living human flesh, blood, brain,
 or nerve tissue, and is likely to result
 in the fall of organized civilization.
 That's in Amazon's actual terms.
 That's very funny.
 And conditions, yeah.
 It feels like they're testing us to check we're reading them.
 Exactly.
 And as the news of the last two months has told us,
 nobody has read any of them.
 Oh, we need to move on shortly.
 There is just on animal zombie sort of parasites
 and the way they spread.
 There is a flight called Apocephalus Borealis,
 and it lays eggs inside bumblebees.
 And the amazing thing is that the infected bee
 then stops working, and it starts acting like a moth.
 It starts being flying around lights and this kind of thing,
 while the other parasite is preparing to burst out, basically.
 But that means that there are zom bees.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Oh!
 Yeah, that's good.
 [APPLAUSE]
 Very cool.
 It's a very forgiving audience tonight.
 OK, it is time for our final fact to the show.
 And that is Andy.
 My fact is that the 1930s actor, George Arles,
 once booked himself into the left luggage
 office at Charring Cross as a parcel
 in order to escape people who wanted his autograph.
 [LAUGHTER]
 What a guy I'd never had of this guy before.
 But he was very famous at the time.
 And he wrote in his memoir that he was being chased
 by people who were desperate for his autograph.
 And so he said, with presence of mind
 worthy of a great general, I thought
 that left luggage office.
 It was just behind me, close to the platform.
 I turned to the man in charge and demanded the right to book
 myself in as a parcel.
 I paid my two pints, and the man took me over the counter.
 And I was saved.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Well, he took him over the counter.
 [LAUGHTER]
 It's amazing what you could get for two pennies in those days.
 [LAUGHTER]
 He was-- I hadn't heard of him either.
 And he was very famous in his time.
 He was the first British actor to ever win an Academy
 award for a leading actor.
 Yes, he won it as well for playing Benjamin Disraeli,
 the British Prime Minister.
 And he then won it again for years later for playing Benjamin
 Disraeli.
 He played the same role and got given it twice.
 He was the first person to do that reprising a role
 and getting it a second time.
 And was that-- one was silent, wasn't it?
 And then the other one was a talky thing.
 Yeah, that's right.
 And he also, Victor Hugoly, was very
 egotistical as well.
 He had to do a court appearance once.
 He was called to a just a court hearing
 and get to give a testament.
 And he called himself the world's greatest living actor.
 And to explain his statement, he said, you see, I'm on oath.
 So he was a real kind of dick.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I really like Victor Hugoly.
 [LAUGHTER]
 There was one other instance of his egotism
 that I read about was in a film called "The Man Who
 Played God," which was about a concert pianist who then
 fell on hard times.
 But he stuck to the script totally,
 except there was one bit of the script where the line was--
 someone came up to the pianist after the show
 and congratulated him on the performance.
 And the line was, so glad you liked it.
 And he changed it to, so glad you liked me.
 Someone's just gone through the script and the film
 and gone, oh, he changed that, didn't he?
 Ah, man.
 And so on autograph hunting, autograph collectors.
 I didn't know this.
 There is a magazine called "Autograph Collector,"
 which is all about collecting autographs, how to do it,
 how to get different people, and various tactics
 and things like that.
 And they do a lot on the history of autograph collecting
 too, because some people sell them.
 Obviously, some people collect loads and loads of them
 at the same time.
 Yeah.
 And they described one incident in 1934
 when the Australian cricket team came to England.
 And in those days, they had to get the ship to England
 to play the ashes and so on.
 And the junior batsman, Arthur Chippenfield,
 had to spend almost the entire journey on the steamship
 forging on bats and on cheese a paper,
 the signatures of the rest of the team,
 who couldn't be asked to sign this paper.
 Luckily, that was the last time the Australian team did anything
 fraudulent.
 [APPLAUSE]
 And we will be touring Australia in May.
 They weren't available, but some of them now come available.
 It's really odd.
 Wow.
 And there was autograph hunter, quite a famous one,
 in his little area.
 He was called Tommy Skullian.
 He was an Irish grocery driver.
 And his family are in tonight.
 He devoted his whole lives to getting autographs.
 He had more than 40,000 in total.
 I had Picasso.
 He had Franco.
 He had Charles Manson.
 He had the great wins.
 Oh, so he wasn't discriminating.
 In the whole Good V Evil metric.
 I'll be honest, there's not much good in this list.
 But he left a will, in the end, he died quite recently.
 He left a will, and he bequeathed his collection
 to the Village Museum.
 Unfortunately, in his hometown, there was no Village Museum.
 So they auctioned it instead.
 They have these people have been around so much longer
 than I imagined autograph hunters.
 So they were particularly prevalent
 in the late 19th century, early 20th century.
 And they were thought of as a total scourge.
 So if you look back and old newspapers
 from the early 1900s, they're written
 about in such an awful way.
 There was an article in New York Times in 1901
 that said autograph hunters excel in ways that are dark
 and tricks that are vain.
 Mark Twain hated them.
 Mark Twain had a letter pre-printed that explained his refusal
 when people wrote to him for an autograph.
 And the letter explained that if he answered all these requests,
 he wouldn't have time to get anything else done.
 And also, the asking for an autograph
 is asking for example of his writing.
 And he's a writer.
 So you're asking for example of his own work.
 And he said, it wouldn't be fair to ask a doctor
 for one of his corpses to remember him by, would it?
 [LAUGHTER]
 What a stupid analogy.
 The corpse is another work that doctors produce.
 Well, some very bad doctors.
 Some of them doctors, yeah.
 I just made this.
 So you're free to try the mouth, the mouth,
 the mouth, the mouth, the mouth, and we'll love it.
 Two more things about your statement.
 Yes, yes, you are.
 Firstly, sometimes artists can help people with their art.
 There was a-- I read that Mozart used to when he
 was walking the streets.
 If he came across someone who was homeless,
 asking him for money, there's one instance
 that's recorded where he didn't have anything on him.
 But he was so quick at writing music that he got a paper
 and pen composed a new piece, gave it to the person,
 and said, there's a music publisher that will give you money
 for this, so take this there.
 That's point number one.
 Point number two is that--
 That's amazing, Mozart.
 Yeah, Mozart.
 Yes, yes, someone shouted out, "Jubian."
 [LAUGHTER]
 But no, the other thing is that--
 so you said that Mark Twain said this, sent them this letter
 saying, I'm not going to sign you a signature.
 Steve Martin, the comedian, actor, he does the same thing,
 but in a positive way.
 So he doesn't do signatures, either.
 What he does is if you meet Steve Martin,
 he gives you a card, a business card that's pre-signed,
 and on it is written the words, this certifies
 that you have had a personal encounter with me,
 and that you found me warm, polite, intelligent, and funny.
 That's great.
 And that's what he gives everyone who meets him.
 Last year, there was a collection of Beatles autographs,
 which sold for £2,000, even though three of them were fake.
 OK?
 And the reason they sold for £2,000 is
 that they were all done by John Lennon.
 Oh, cool.
 Because in the early days, sometimes they
 went all there or only one of those who would just fake it.
 Yeah, that's cool.
 So he was doing a prank at the time, because he may blame--
 Well, he kind of got them almost all right.
 He got George and Ringo bang on, but he
 didn't really bother with Paul.
 Even in the early days, the signs were there of the car.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I went on to eBay to look for the most expensive autographs
 at the moment.
 The most expensive one, when I checked, which was a day ago,
 was £351,493.85.
 And it was, looks like you're going to guess, Andy.
 Is this live or dead?
 Dead.
 Male or female?
 Male.
 Thank you.
 Him or the eighth?
 No.
 Oh, god, god, god, god.
 Oh, god, god.
 You've tried the two biggies.
 How do you get your guitar list?
 You're just not going to guess.
 Oh, OK.
 Who is it?
 Actually, I think he's dead.
 Hugh Heffner.
 Yes, yes, yes.
 He died last year.
 £3,150,000.
 Yeah, yeah.
 So he's--
 He's a Hugh Heffner.
 I know, I know.
 It's a number one edition of Playboy, with his signature on.
 But that is £351,000.
 Bob Dylan signed handwritten lyrics to Leica Rolling Stone,
 only £140,597.54.
 It's still a lot of money, guys.
 Don't be too outraged.
 It's a lot of people are going, oh, I'm sure, lose change.
 But a fifth, a fifth, the price of the Hugh Heffner one,
 for £70,000, you can get the Apollo 11 space-flow
 US flag signed by all three astronauts on the Apollo 11.
 All right, that actually we could share between us all of us.
 We've been in a tenor each.
 We can do it.
 And then we'll have to have an incredibly complicated
 time share.
 And the lowest prices, £75,000,
 an EastEnders signed photo of Simon Williams,
 who plays Hugo in EastEnders.
 He's actually got an exclamation mark up to it.
 Actually, I've never heard of him.
 We ages ago, when our vinyl came out,
 we went to a record shop and did a signing at a record shop,
 and we did a few signatures on ones that they hand-sold
 that they were going to keep online in their store.
 So we checked if they were still in stock online, they were.
 The unsigned vinyl was £19.99.
 The signed vinyl was £20.
 We are worth between us one penny.
 Wow.
 [APPLAUSE]
 I will be signing that to the show tonight.
 Just on the astronauts, Apollo 11 thing,
 one of the things that was a contingency for the families
 of the Apollo 11 space mission was that Neil Armstrong,
 Buzz Aldrin, and Michael Collins signed a lot of signatures
 to give to their family so that if they didn't make it back,
 the families could sell the signatures
 to make money to keep the family going OK.
 They signed hundreds of signatures going,
 if we don't make it back, sell these.
 And this will help my family continue.
 Yeah.
 Stephen King.
 That's very sad.
 It's not sad.
 They were OK.
 Oh, that's spoiling me.
 He's only one type for 30 years.
 He's only on Apollo 10.
 The next one's really good.
 It is one of the few where the sequels get better and better.
 We're going to have to wrap up shortly.
 There's one amazing story about autographs
 that Stephen King tells was watching him give a talk on stage
 about this thing that happened when he was 26 years old.
 And he'd never been recognized and asked
 for an autograph before.
 It was in his early days, and he was in a restaurant.
 And he was really sick.
 He was really ill.
 He had some kind of horrible stomach bug.
 And so he had to be really close to the bathrooms at all times.
 And at one point, he had to rush to the bathrooms.
 And he went in.
 And I don't know what kind of weird restaurant this was,
 but there were no doors on the bathroom on the toilet stalls.
 So he just had to have his stomach complaint
 and full view of the rest of the bathroom.
 And so he went in, and he sort of explosively
 shat all into this toilet.
 Zombie, zombie.
 He'll tell a sign.
 And he did this, and he's feeling terrible.
 He was saying he was on this toilet door opening.
 Things can't get any worse.
 And there was a toilet attendant in there
 who he said was about 180 years old.
 And while he was in the middle of this awful experience,
 the toilet attendant came up to him
 with a pallopaper and a pen and said,
 "On you, Stephen King?"
 "Come have your autograph please, mate."
 So Stephen King gave his first requested autograph
 on the Lou while having diaries.
 [APPLAUSE]
 Very cool.
 Thank you.
 OK, that is it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we have said over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @StreiberlandAndy.
 @AndryHunter.
 James.
 James Haken.
 And Shazinski.
 You can email podcast@QA.com.
 Yep.
 Or you can go to our group account, which is at no such thing.
 We have a Facebook group as well.
 No such thing as a fish, or you can go to our website.
 No such thing as a fish.com.
 We have everything up there from our tour dates up coming,
 from the book, the link to our book that you can buy.
 We've also got a link to our new tape that we've just released.
 And we're about to give one away.
 Ah.
 It's the only one we have here in Ireland.
 And you guys sent in your fact at the beginning of this show.
 We've picked our favorite facts.
 So the winner is going to get this.
 So Andy, I believe you've picked the fact.
 Yes.
 The winning facts tonight is from Kiran Dowling.
 Are you in?
 Great.
 Where's one at?
 The fact is, the fact is that Adolf Hitler's brother, Alwa,
 used to work at the Shellborne Hotel in Dublin,
 where he was known, where he was known, as Paddy Hitler.
 [LAUGHTER]
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much.
 You'll see you again in good time.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [APPLAUSE]
 (audience cheering)
 (audience cheering)
