 (ding, ding, ding, ding)
 (speaking in foreign language)
 (ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding)
 (ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding)
 - Hello and welcome to another episode
 of "No Such Thing as a Fish"
 a weekly podcast this week coming to you from Mottagon!
 (audience cheering)
 - My name is Dan Schreiber
 and I am sitting here with Anna Chazinski,
 Drew Hunter Murray, and James Harkin,
 and once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days
 and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with you, James Harkin.
 - Okay, my fact this week is that in 1766,
 there was a cheese riot in Nottingham,
 where the mayor of Nottingham was knocked over by a large cheese.
 (audience laughing)
 - So was the cheese rioting?
 (laughing)
 How did that work?
 - So what it was is, I mean, I'm preaching to people
 who know all about this in Nottingham, I'm sure.
 But this was a goosefair, you all know what the goosefair is, right?
 (audience cheering)
 And basically, things became tense when some rude lads
 engage several Lincolnshire traders
 who had purchased up to 60 hundred of cheese.
 These aren't my words, by the way, I'm reading.
 (audience laughing)
 And basically, what they didn't want to happen
 is that those nasty people from Lincolnshire
 come and get all the cheese
 and then there's no cheese for people from Nottingham.
 So then that kind of started a bit of a riot
 and then suddenly there were crowds running around,
 they were grabbing cheeses and rolling them down the streets.
 So they're not like little baby bells
 or slices of cheese like you get now.
 They're big wheels of cheese, right?
 - Although if you released a lot of baby bells,
 that could knock someone over underfoot
 by making the ground slippery on the likes.
 - Sure, yeah.
 - I haven't thought about this before, but I feel as if I have.
 (audience laughing)
 - And basically, after that, everything kind of kicked off.
 So a lot of people went down the river trends
 to search for warehouses looking for more cheese.
 (audience laughing)
 The next day, a guy was shot by a soldier.
 He was trying to defend his cheese.
 I still think too soon, actually, for that.
 (audience laughing)
 But actually, the soldiers were on his side.
 It was like a friendly fire thing.
 And then the whole thing came to an end
 when the mob tried and failed to burn down a windmill.
 - Ah.
 - And the mayor himself, a cheese what rolled towards him.
 - Well, he was coming to try and calm things down
 and basically someone chucked a cheese at him.
 - All right.
 - Oh, chucked a cheese, okay, cool.
 - But then it knocked him over.
 - Knocked him over, mate.
 - Was he quite a small man?
 - Sounds like he was a small man.
 - I don't know how big he was.
 It was the olden days.
 They were all small.
 - They were all small, yeah.
 - So maybe baby bells were massive to them.
 (audience laughing)
 - It is an amazing bit of history,
 which I had never heard of before.
 - Yeah.
 - Yeah.
 - Did you guys already know about the cheese riot?
 - Yeah.
 - Wait, wait, did anyone not know about the cheese riot?
 - Ah, you see.
 - Wow.
 - And the cheese riot guys were lying, I think.
 (audience laughing)
 Nottingham's got some cool food history.
 So did you know that you guys have
 the Bramely Apple, great grandfather?
 And a bunch of Japanese tourists, I think,
 came to Nottingham about five years ago to visit it, didn't they?
 Because so this is the one Bramely Apple tree
 in Nottingham from which every single Bramely Apple comes.
 And it's so popular now, that variety of Apple in Japan,
 that the mayor of a town in Japan
 and all the people from his town flew over and visited it.
 - Oh, look at you.
 - He flew from his town.
 (audience laughing)
 - They chartered 60 planes.
 (audience laughing)
 A percentage of the people.
 (audience laughing)
 - I have a couple of cheese facts.
 - Oh yeah.
 - His historical cheese facts.
 - Go on, so the first Eurovision
 was a cheese competition in a sense.
 And the phrase in a sense is doing a lot of work
 in that sentence, but there was a massive,
 after Napoleon was defeated in 1815,
 there was a massive, you know, Congress.
 It was called the Congress of Vienna.
 And it was working out the terms
 for all the nations in Europe and the terms of France's surrender.
 And Talleyrand, one of the ministers there,
 he said, why don't we lighten things up a bit
 with a cheese competition.
 And every nation submitted their own cheeses.
 - Who won?
 - They all voted for their own cheeses.
 (audience laughing)
 So that's how it was like Eurovision, right?
 - They think you're France's special award for the Brie,
 but they basically all said, "We think our cheese is best."
 - I don't know.
 - I think you're not even sort of anything
 is that cheese contest don't lighten things up.
 - They actually, my thing's turned pretty ugly.
 I always, there's a sort of famous fact
 that the Dutch once killed an eight-year prime minister
 in a riot.
 So this is my favorite riot, I think.
 - This is, sorry, this famous fact is famous
 amongst people like us, isn't it?
 - Yeah, Masha, maybe it's not a famous outside of this stage.
 Yeah, there's a fact that my favorite riot
 is that the Dutch once killed an eight-year prime minister.
 And this isn't the 1600s, wasn't it?
 And I always like that they ate their prime minister
 in order to replace him with an orange.
 So this is when the orange dynasty came in.
 - What?
 - And so, not an actual orange, yes, sorry.
 - Because that would've been so crazy
 because they should've just eaten the orange.
 - Exactly, but that's kind of what it implies.
 Anyway, eat William of Orange,
 and leave Paul Johan de Wit,
 who doesn't even have a name who sounds like food,
 to rule the country.
 - Just quickly, this is the first time I've been to nodding him.
 I was unbelievably excited to discover
 that you guys have a sheriff's still.
 I mean, that is...
 - That's so cool.
 And I didn't know this, looking into him.
 He was born on Robin Hood Street.
 The current sheriff on Nottingham
 was born on Robin Hood Street.
 - Another Nottingham fact, you have a lot of caves here.
 (audience cheering)
 We have...
 (laughing)
 - Yeah.
 - It's the Truggler Dite Surin!
 (laughing)
 - There are over 700 caves under the streets of Nottingham,
 and the man who's in charge of cataloging them,
 he had to have confined space training
 before he could do his job.
 And his name is Mr. Dave Strange Walker.
 (audience cheering)
 I have another fact about cheese and caves.
 - No.
 - Yes, genuinely.
 So, in the 1980s, America had a 30 million pound
 stockpile of cheese in a cave.
 There was a massive cheese surplus in America,
 'cause they had over-produced it,
 and they stored it all in caves in Missouri.
 It was worth, by 1983, it was worth $4 billion.
 And the thing is, it's still happening.
 It's still a massive dairy surplus in America.
 And there's this shadowy body called dairy management,
 which is desperate to get.
 It's not bad.
 - And a big cheese.
 - A big cheese!
 (audience laughing)
 (audience applauding)
 They're genuinely other, 'cause, for example,
 they're constantly trying to push more cheese onto people.
 So, for example, they help dominoes,
 the pizza company, develop a line of pizzas
 which had 40% more cheese.
 And then they lobbied McDonald's,
 and they said, "Why don't you put some more cheese
 "on the cheeseburgers, go on."
 - Wow, that's amazing.
 The first time the word mammoth was used
 to describe something big was about a cheese.
 - Really?
 - Yeah.
 - Prior to the actual mammoth,
 it was a description of a cheese.
 - Well, actually, they called the mammoth's mammoths
 whether they were big or not.
 So, even if you had a small mammoth,
 it was still called the mammoth.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - But you were--
 - They never before had referred to a mammoth mammoth
 until they referred to a mammoth cheese,
 is what James is saying.
 - So, the word mammoth meaning this is massive.
 - Yeah.
 - That was a cheese first.
 - That was a cheese first?
 - Yeah, and then they saw a mammoth,
 and they're like, "That's like that cheese we saw."
 (audience laughing)
 - You still don't have got the idea.
 (laughing)
 - It was a famous cheese, you know about it,
 and I don't know you.
 - Yeah, I think we talked about it.
 - It was a presidential cheese, right?
 Which president was it that it was given to?
 - Jefferson.
 - It was Jefferson that it was given to.
 - Yeah, and what it was is at the time,
 they just found mastodon skeletons in America
 in the far west.
 And they didn't know, they thought maybe
 there were massive mammoths living over there,
 so it was a big kind of mammoth frenzy
 in America at the time.
 And then they also gave him this cheese
 and thought, "What does that remind us of?"
 Those things that don't exist.
 (audience laughing)
 - Of course.
 I have a favorite animal-related riot.
 - Okay, thank you.
 - Do you guys know about the eel-pulling riot?
 - No. - No.
 - This was in 1886 in Amsterdam,
 and there used to be this tradition where you'd hang an eel.
 I don't even know what it was suspended of above,
 but you'd hang an eel above the canals in Amsterdam,
 and there would be a live eel and it'd be riding around.
 And the point was you had to sail under it on your boat,
 or not motor on it,
 under it probably, but go under it on your boat.
 And you had to jump up and try and catch the eel,
 and most people fell in the water.
 And it was quite comical, and it sounds quite fun.
 And it was banned 'cause it was deemed cruel to animals,
 which is very forward-thinking
 for the 1886 people.
 And people were so angry about the crackdown,
 'cause they loved eel-pulling so much that they completely rioted,
 and 26 people were killed in 1886 in Amsterdam,
 because they demanded to have the eel-pulling,
 but the eel survived apparently.
 - That's incredible.
 Have you guys heard about the police riots?
 This is the thing that happened in New York in the 1850s.
 These are so cool.
 There was a time in the 1850s in New York,
 where there were two rival police forces in New York.
 What could go wrong?
 Everything went wrong.
 The state had created a police force,
 and that was an official one,
 but the mayor, who was from the other political party,
 had his own police force already established,
 and the state was trying to take over it.
 And what they started doing, the two forces,
 they started stealing criminals from each other.
 (laughing)
 So they would arrest someone,
 and then the other police would turn up and say,
 "We're having him."
 And then the police would start beating each other up
 to try and arrest the criminal.
 - But then presumably they have to arrest each other
 for beating each other up.
 - They would.
 And then the whole thing eventually ended up
 in a massive brawl between 850 police officers.
 - Wow.
 - All the way through the city hall.
 - Wow.
 - Yeah.
 - You know, Toronto was shaped,
 but sort of Toronto policing was shaped
 by a riot between clowns and firemen.
 So, well, there was this riot in 1855
 when clowns were a bit more hardcore,
 and it took place in a brothel,
 as I think quite a lot of riots did.
 - What were the clowns in the brothel?
 - They were all in the brothel.
 - They were all in the brothel.
 - They were all in the brothel.
 - They'd taken their noses off.
 It was, they weren't on the job at the time.
 - They were on a job, but they weren't on the job.
 (audience laughing)
 - And the, yeah.
 - I'm afraid it will be extra to smell your flour, so.
 (audience laughing)
 - Ooh, big feet, you know what they say?
 (audience laughing)
 - So, that happened and then the firefighters turned up,
 and then this fight broke out.
 I don't know what was arriving over,
 but the firefighters just started on the clowns.
 The clowns had just come to town,
 so they were using their prostitutes, maybe.
 And this huge fight broke out,
 and a policeman came to break up the whole Malay,
 and it ended up with a lot of people
 being really badly injured.
 And I think actually they went and met again
 a couple of days later, so they established this rivalry,
 like the Jets and the Sharks and West Side Story,
 and so they agreed to meet a couple of days later,
 and the clowns and the firemen met again,
 and then a fight started because of firemen
 knocked a hat off a clown's head,
 and everyone got wounded.
 And because of that, the police force was regulated,
 and rules were introduced as to how you put down a riot,
 and how you don't let things get out of hand.
 And those rules still remain today.
 - Do you know what the good thing
 about arresting a bunch of clowns is?
 You don't need as many police cars,
 because you can at least 20 into each.
 Okay, time for fact number two, and that is Andrew Hunter Murray.
 - My fact is that Baby Robbins sometimes eats
 so many caterpillars they turn green.
 This happens.
 There's a new book out called The Robin Abography.
 It's by a guy called Stephen Moss, a pro-priot.
 - Oh. - Isch.
 - They turn green. - Oh, yeah.
 - You know what I'm saying? - Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - Moss is green.
 - It can be like brown sometimes.
 - Yeah.
 - Well, they turn green, because they eat a lot of caterpillars,
 and the caterpillars are green,
 and so they just change colour.
 - Not all caterpillars are green.
 Do they turn whatever colour the caterpillar is?
 - This fact has been pedanted.
 - I'll give you a good fact about Robbins turning green.
 - Is it just the breast that goes green,
 or is it the whole Robin? - I don't know.
 - Wait, you didn't even look at a photo of your fact.
 - It's very hard to find a photo of a green Robin.
 - So spacious. - Very suspicious.
 - Although Baby Robbins don't have red breasts today.
 - I don't know. - So red breasts are the sign
 that you're ready to fight.
 So I think Robbins are really famous
 for being very pugnacious, aren't they?
 They, you know, anyone comes near their territory,
 they sing that beautiful song, which means get the fuck out of here,
 and they have that big red breast,
 which means get the fuck out of here.
 And so Baby Robbins for their first sort of year,
 they don't have red breasts,
 because that's sort of an invitation to fight.
 It's something you display when you're ready
 to, you know, get in the boxing ring.
 - Yeah, it's true, because Robbins will attack anything
 that's red, won't they?
 If you just give them a little bit of red cloth
 or something, like a tiger's bullfight.
 - It's so cool. (laughing)
 - Do they really?
 - Yeah, they do.
 - I'll leave!
 - They do, they do die so much.
 They murder each other a lot.
 They'll pack each other at the base of the skull
 to break each other's spinal cords.
 - They're vicious bastards.
 - Yeah, they are.
 - I didn't notice.
 Red breast, Robyn red breast, red breast,
 is their surname.
 - Well...
 (laughing)
 - Explain yourself.
 - Okay, in the 15th century, they used to give human names
 to familiar species.
 So it was a red breast, but then there would be like,
 Robyn, how you do it?
 It's a Robyn red breast, so red breast is a surname.
 And red breast, it shouldn't be red breast,
 it should be Robyn orange breast
 because they have orange breast.
 - Well, you haven't, sorry.
 You just, the fiddled us with changing red to orange
 and going down that line.
 - Yeah.
 - So are you saying that they used to call birds?
 - Yeah.
 - That's true, actually.
 Like, I think one of them's Mavis, isn't it?
 Like, is it a thrush or something?
 They call Mavis in no place.
 - Really?
 And Robyn is the only Christian human name
 that stuck around in the species name.
 - I think that's right, Robyn red breast.
 Mavis thrush, that was how...
 (laughing)
 But then what you're saying, actually,
 the other bit is quite true as well,
 which is that they don't have red breasts.
 They have orange breasts, but back then in the 15th century,
 we didn't have the word red amazingly.
 We just didn't have the word.
 So they said that's orange
 'cause that's what they associated as they lumped in to...
 - We didn't have the word orange.
 That's why we called them red.
 (laughing)
 'Cause we did have the word red.
 - Usually, I can save that in the edit,
 but I think it might work.
 (laughing)
 - Yeah, no.
 So the opposite of what I said is true.
 (laughing)
 - You know, they measure the size of the red/orange part
 of Robin's breast, 'cause scientists wanted to know
 whether they grow or shrink,
 or whether they're particularly big when they're trying to mate.
 And you know how they do this?
 It's kind of sweet.
 So this is a study in Spain that was done a couple of years ago.
 And they catch the robins.
 And in the study report, it said,
 "We placed it gently on its back on a table."
 And I imagine then tied it down,
 'cause I don't think your Robin lies
 on its back on a table unless you do.
 And then they get a bit of tracing paper,
 and they just put it around the front of the Robin,
 and they trace around the red bit through it.
 And then they measured all the bits,
 and they deduce the male red breast
 get bigger with age and females, don't.
 So that's basic science.
 You could do that in science class.
 - That's really cool.
 - Yeah.
 - Do you know robins go through puberty every year?
 - Every year.
 - Every year, imagine that.
 - Wow.
 - So towards the summer when the days get longer,
 their brains get flooded with hormones,
 their gonads grow,
 and the males start learning songs to kind of attract women,
 not women.
 (audience laughs)
 Sorry, I was going back to my old papers and I was like,
 (audience laughs)
 And then in the winter, they go back down again,
 the gonads shrink, and their hormones flush out the system,
 and then every summer they get this puberty.
 - God.
 - It's amazing, isn't it?
 - I mean, women get that once a month,
 so I might still be able to make some sense too,
 but I'm still most anywhere, apparently.
 So they'll pick any nesting site,
 and I was reading a review of a book
 in the telegraph about robins that listed
 a series of nesting sites that they'd made.
 So plant pots, a pigeonhole, and a desk,
 the engine of a World War II plane,
 in the body of a dead cat.
 - Well, that took a real turn, Anna.
 (audience laughs)
 That was really sweet.
 Right till the end.
 - That was a sweet revenge, I think.
 And then there was one that made its nest on an unmade bed,
 while the bed's owner was downstairs having breakfast,
 and the owner came upstairs again and thought,
 "That's sweet," and allowed it to nest there,
 and incubate its eggs.
 And it didn't tell me this article,
 what the owner slept on for the subsequent however long it takes.
 - I think he slept in a dead cat.
 (audience laughs)
 - I was looking at what would happen,
 whether caterpillars can change color for meeting things.
 Okay, I just thought there might be something out there.
 And I found the paper on the internet called,
 "The Effects of Blue Die in the Food of Caterpillar Species
 "of Vanessa Caduay."
 I couldn't quite find out which paper this was from,
 but it's genuinely there.
 And they said, "Our experiment had lots of problems."
 First, we did not record all our results correctly.
 (audience laughs)
 So what they wanted to do, they wanted to check
 whether the caterpillars, when they had the blue die,
 whether they'd be blue when they became butterflies.
 So first, they did not record all of those results correctly.
 Next, we miscalculated the number of dead butterflies
 at each group.
 Then we mixed up all the labels.
 (audience laughs)
 Next, some of our butterflies fell off their cups,
 and then one of our group members knocked over the bin
 for the control group.
 (audience laughs)
 And then it said, "All of these mistakes affected our results
 in some way."
 (audience laughs)
 I read about a animal.
 It's a really odd thing.
 It's a cave dwelling crocodile,
 which crocodiles don't dwell in caves.
 So this was quite a big finding,
 and they were studying them for ages
 'cause they couldn't work out why they were doing it.
 And the thing that really stuck out about them
 was that they were bright orange,
 and crocodiles are not bright orange.
 So they were like, "Oh, that's two things we need to look at now."
 And the orange thing that they couldn't work out for ages,
 it turns out that there were bats living inside the cave,
 and they would poo into the cave water
 where the crocodiles were,
 and these crocodiles were being dyed orange by bat poo.
 But it was like in the water,
 and then the water was dying.
 It was like going into like one of those T-shirt tie dye things,
 and it was just, yeah, it just dyed them.
 And so for a while, we had this mysterious orange crocodile,
 but it turns out they're just covered in shit.
 (audience laughs)
 Have you guys seen waxwing birds, like cedar wax wings?
 So they're these birds that they have
 really brightly colored yellow tips on their tails
 and on some of their feathers.
 And so they've had this forever and ever as long as we know.
 And then there's a cedar waxwing that lives in North America,
 which has this really bright yellow tip of its tail.
 And in the last 50 years, it's suddenly been turning red.
 And this is because a bunch of Asian honey suckle
 has been brought into North America,
 and it has these bright red berries,
 and they eat these really, really red berries.
 And it's changing the color of them.
 So the cedar waxwing is changing color as a species
 because it's eating all these red berries.
 That is amazing.
 Imagine.
 Well, the orange crocodile didn't do anything for you.
 No, it was good.
 I was just imagine they've humans all started
 drinking sunny delight or something.
 Yes, exactly.
 And that happens. It does happen.
 So babies sometimes turn orange if they have too much,
 is it keratin in the system?
 Yeah, too many keratin, too much orange juice,
 and your baby will turn orange.
 Yeah.
 I've just had a baby.
 I don't believe that.
 I feel an experiment coming on.
 I just know what the report's going to read like afterwards.
 Firstly, we mixed up all the babies.
 OK, it is time for fact number three.
 And that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that the Russian Communist leader,
 Vladimir Lenin, spoke with an Irish accent.
 OK.
 Oh, the Russian Communist leader, Vladimir Lenin.
 So I think we need to specify that this
 is not him speaking Russian in an Irish accent.
 No, no.
 It's when he spoke English.
 He was taught by an Irish tutor and the way that he spoke.
 He just carried.
 So whenever people spoke to him--
 How do we know that this is true?
 Like, is there a recording of him by singing "Danny Boy" or something?
 The Russians have admitted to it.
 They said that this was--
 It's not a crime to speak with an Irish accent, Dan.
 It's weird, because the Russians admit to so little.
 Yeah, they were willing to give this away.
 Yeah, I was a terrible investigative journalist
 when I was going-- Did you do the hacking?
 No, OK.
 The accent thing?
 Yes, great.
 I'm out of here.
 No, he was taught-- we also know it because H.G. Wells met him.
 And they had a conversation.
 And he came away going, that was the weirdest conversation,
 because I was talking to an Irishman,
 but it was Russian Communist leader.
 Vladimir was his name--
 Lenin.
 Well, apparently Lenin spoke with what's
 called a "Rathmines" accent.
 And "Rathmines", apparently, I've never heard of it,
 is in particular area of Dublin.
 And he had an accent from this area.
 And it meant that not only would people in England
 have struggled to understand him, but people in Ireland
 would have struggled to understand him.
 Did you guys know that the posh--
 you know the posh American accent that's
 in all the Hollywood films of the '20s and '30s
 at the Catherine Hepburn classic icon impersonated,
 but imagine Catherine Hepburn in a film
 or Bet Davis or someone?
 That posh American accent is not an accent.
 So no one real had that accent.
 That was an accent that was created for Hollywood.
 So that kind of American English hybrid of the '20s, '30s, '40s.
 And then it was suddenly phased out in the '50s
 when they thought it was a bit weird.
 Was they got accent coaches in to train people
 to speak like that?
 And they thought it would make them sound more educated,
 because it had that English vibe.
 And the only people who spoke with that voice
 were Hollywood actresses and actresses.
 That is amazing.
 It's weird, isn't it?
 It's really weird.
 Yeah.
 Is that-- so as in, when you then heard
 their real voice in real life, it was completely different?
 Yeah.
 I mean, I think they got voice coaches
 to teach them how to just speak like that, really.
 But yeah.
 So I read Eva Green.
 Do you remember she was the--
 she was in the Casina Royal reboot with Daniel Craig, James Bond.
 She's French.
 And when she did all the interview--
 and I didn't know that when I saw the movie,
 because she did it with a British accent.
 But in the interviews, she thought
 that people are just going to be so bothered by the fact
 that I have a French accent.
 She did all her publicity in the English accent
 that she did with the movie.
 And it was really, really convincing.
 Yeah.
 You wouldn't know.
 Or did you notice in--
 Well, no, I was the same with Dick Van Dyke, actually.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah.
 Poor Dick Van Dyke.
 Last year, he apologized for the accent
 for the first time ever.
 Oh, I'm terribly sorry, though.
 [LAUGHTER]
 He, by the way, he was in the news a few years ago,
 because he loved Dick Van Dyke, and he fell asleep on his surfboard,
 and he got carried out into the ocean.
 What is surfboard?
 Yeah, that is a relaxed surfer.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah, and he woke up, and he was in the middle of the ocean,
 and he was being carried by currency.
 He didn't know where he was.
 And he said a bunch of porpoises came up,
 and they guided him back to shore.
 And otherwise, we would have no more Dick Van Dyke.
 He would have gone off into the ocean.
 Guys, on accents.
 Oh, yeah.
 Do you know Paddy Ashtown, former Lib Dem leader?
 Yes.
 Do you know what his name was?
 Patrick Ashtown?
 Yeah, so his name-- it's not a funny name.
 His name's Jeremy.
 But he was Irish, and the reason we call him Paddy Ashtown
 is that he went to boarding school in England,
 and everyone called him Paddy, because he had an Irish accent.
 No.
 And he said, I just feel comfortable with Paddy now.
 Isn't that bizarre?
 And he openly embraced it.
 And I suppose it was a different time,
 but Paddy Ashtown is Jeremy Ashtown,
 where it not for xenophobia.
 Wow.
 Well, on that, so there was a study in 2015
 on the way people perceive different accents,
 because obviously there are dozens of accents all over the UK,
 and they have different perceptions that come with them.
 There was a study that perceived intelligence
 that found that the Birmingham accent--
 this is very unfair, but it found that the Birmingham accent
 was so low-rated in the study that it ranked worse
 than staying completely silent.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Do you remember how this fact was about Lenin?
 Yeah.
 Did you know Lenin's body is still hanging around and barmed,
 looking exactly like he does.
 So Lenin's body is there, but he was sort of the first instance
 of that kind of embalming to make bodies look exactly
 like they have look for a friend of them.
 So pre-Malsytong.
 Yes, yeah, pre-all of those.
 And so now, all other countries who
 want to embalm their great leaders,
 like Ho Chi Minh, for instance, and in North Korea,
 Kim Il Sung and Kim Jong Il, they've all been embalmed,
 and they get sent to Russia periodically
 in order to be professionally maintained.
 You're kidding.
 Is that so good at it?
 They don't bring the people there.
 They physically quit.
 No, apparently they get sent to Russia.
 So I certainly know that Ho Chi Minh is sent to Russia
 every few years to get maintained,
 because they're so good at keeping them.
 Imagine the Christmas party at that place.
 When you've got Ho Chi Minh there, Lenin here.
 There's a lot of good Instagram photos out there.
 That's all I'm saying.
 It's time to move on to our final fact of the evening.
 And that is Anachasensky.
 Yes, my fact is that in Japan, if you make a mistake at work,
 you can hire someone to get told off by your boss
 so you don't have to.
 This is so weird.
 I read this incredible article in the Atlantic,
 and it was interviewing someone who,
 what's their company called, Family Romance.
 And the idea is that you fill the gaps in people's lives.
 People's personal lives, people's lives, generally,
 that need filling.
 And so in this instance, he said he sometimes
 gets hired out to people who salary men.
 And in Japan, that's quite a big thing.
 People work for big corporations.
 It's quite faceless.
 Sometimes they don't necessarily know their bosses.
 And then they make a massive mistake,
 and they're sent to the boss to get told off.
 And the boss doesn't know who they are.
 And at this point, this man gets hired.
 And he has to go into the boss instead
 and say, I'm so sorry.
 I did that.
 How embarrassing.
 And he says in this article, he says,
 do you know how we apologize?
 We have to get down on our hands and knees on the floor.
 And really say, I'm so, so sorry.
 Well, the boss holds abuse of us.
 And he's paid to do this, so the other boss doesn't have to.
 Is there ever a scenario where like five people are being told off,
 but that one guy's been hired for every single hour?
 And so he's like, you're crap.
 Get out of here, send the next guy in.
 Same guy comes back in here.
 A series of novelty hats.
 Send in the guy with a sombrero outside.
 I'm furious.
 That interview is unbelievable.
 There's firm family romance.
 So the man who founded the company,
 his name is Ishi Yuichi.
 And he is acting.
 His first success was playing a father
 for a girl who had a single mother,
 and the mother wanted the girl to grow up
 with a father figure in her life.
 So he has been playing the father of this girl for eight years.
 She doesn't know it.
 She doesn't know that this man is not her father.
 And he says, if the client never reveals the truth,
 I must continue the role indefinitely.
 If the daughter gets married,
 I have to be a father in the wedding.
 And then I have to be the grandfather.
 And he, this is, it's a gig for life he's got now.
 He's committed to the job.
 You've got to say that for him.
 It is amazing.
 Like, yeah, Andy and I have read it and do read it.
 But one other thing he does that I think is quite funny
 is that he is hired by wives to apologize to their husbands
 for having an affair with the wife.
 When the real person who had an affair with the wife
 has run away.
 So when the husband finds out that the wife's having an affair,
 quite often, the other guy says, OK, well, I'm out of here.
 And so she'll hire someone to go and apologize to him.
 And he says his tactic there is that he
 goes pretending to be this man who's been shagging the wife.
 And he goes and he meets the husband.
 And he bows very deeply.
 And he apologizes very profusely.
 But also, he dresses and acts like a yakuza,
 as in a Japanese gangster.
 And so he says the husband accepts the apology quite quickly,
 because otherwise, he may kill him.
 That's the technique there.
 That's-- but don't yakuza only have four fingers?
 He's a good actor.
 He can act only having four fingers.
 So there's another thing.
 Christian weddings are really popular,
 as in white weddings, as we know them in Britain.
 And 99% of the Christian weddings that they have there are fake.
 So if you're a Westerner in Japan,
 it's often an easy acting gig to pretend
 to be a priest for a couple of hours,
 conduct a wedding ceremony.
 You're not a priest.
 You don't know any clerical rituals or anything like that.
 They happen in a fake chapel.
 And it's often just English teachers from the West
 making a bit of money on the side.
 Everyone kind of knows his fate, but everyone goes along with it,
 because they like the ritual.
 Wait, so people aren't getting married in the ceremony?
 It's not legally binding, it's, but it
 is what people do for their wedding.
 So you would also have the kind of registry office thing.
 I think they have a registry office thing.
 But the actual-- yeah, they're sort of big ceremony
 a bit.
 One account from one of these guys who conducted--
 I think he said he conducted about 900 weddings over the decade.
 I know.
 He recorded his first-ever wedding rehearsal that he'd done.
 And he showed it to his wife, who I think was Japanese.
 And she looked at him conducting a ceremony
 and speaking in Japanese to the couple.
 And she said, well, it was good.
 But you made one big mistake.
 Instead of saying, you may now exchange rings.
 You said, put the ring in her crotch.
 So if you can't afford this guy to--
 when you're at work, to be told off for you.
 And there's a cheaper version.
 For about $65 equivalent, you can hire in Japan
 an attractive man to come to your workplace
 and gently brush away your tears while you weep.
 [LAUGHTER]
 The company's called Hanson Weeping Boys.
 And also, in China, there's a big thing at the moment
 with the Uber economy kind of thing.
 So you can kind of get part-time use of washing machines,
 basket bowls, umbrellas.
 There was an umbrella sharing company.
 In fact, that's in our book, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 They lost all 300,000 umbrellas straight away
 when they rented them out and forgot
 to put a tracking system on them and no one returned.
 Actually, in China, there was the case
 this year of a man who got married, had his wedding.
 And then was arrested because it turned out
 he'd hired 200 guests to pretend to be his friends at his wedding.
 And apparently, the bride and her family
 became suspicious when none of them could explain how they knew him.
 So they were obviously on a very low wage.
 I think they were being paid the equivalent of nine pounds each.
 So they hadn't been given a backstory or anything.
 So the bride just came up and said, "How do you know this guy?"
 And they said, "I don't know, I'm being paid to do this."
 But yeah, that one, he was arrested.
 And the happy ending to that story
 is that he claimed he was 27.
 And it turned out he was 20.
 And in China, I didn't realize this.
 The minimum age at which you can legally marry as a man is 22.
 - Really? - And yeah, I know.
 I have no idea.
 So yeah, not valid.
 We're going to have to wrap up in a second.
 So anything before we do?
 A Japanese thing.
 There's Japanese word called new hara, which
 means noodle harassment.
 And that refers to the hassle that some people
 get for slurping their noodles too loudly.
 This is a big thing in Japan at the moment.
 Apparently, I'll call into the internet.
 And someone has managed to deal with it
 by inventing a musical spoon.
 So basically, you have a musical spoon.
 It plays loads of music, and no one can hear you slurping
 your noodles.
 Oh, no, that's not much more annoying.
 Yeah, what does it sing?
 [CHEERING]
 Nice.
 Well, OK, speaking of our theme tune, we must wrap up.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we've said over the course
 of this podcast, you can find me on @Sriberland.
 Andy?
 Andrew Hunter M. James.
 James Harkin.
 And Anna.
 You can email podcast@ky.com.
 Yep, or you can go to our group account at no such thing
 on Twitter.
 You can go to our website, nosuchthingasafish.com,
 where we have links to our book, The Book of the Year.
 It's out now, and we're going to give a copy away
 in a second to someone from our audience.
 We've picked out our favorite fact that you guys sent.
 Andy, what was the best fact?
 This one is from Sam Ward.
 And it's that the Lichtenstein Football team's national stadium
 is only half in Lichtenstein.
 The other half is in Switzerland.
 So for 45 minutes every match, the Lichtenstein goalie
 invades Switzerland.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And who is that from?
 That's from Sam Ward.
 Cool, come and collect your book at the end.
 Guys, thank you so much for having us.
 We're going to be out the back, as I said before.
 We're going to be signing our book.
 So they're on sale.
 If you want to come say hi, please do anyway.
 Thank you so much, guys.
 We'll see you again.
 Goodbye.
 [APPLAUSE]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [APPLAUSE]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (applause)
