 Hi everybody, Andy here. Just before we start this week's episode of Fish, we wanted to
 let you know that our special guest this week is none other than Cariad Lloyd. Cariad has
 been on the show before, of course, you may remember her very funny previous appearances.
 This time she's back and she's better than ever. And the good news for those of you who
 are Cariad fans is that she has just written a new book. Cariad is the host of the Grief
 cast and the book that she's written is all about grief. It's about her grief, about
 other peoples, about what we do when someone we love dies and it's brilliant. It's full
 of interesting facts for those of you who like facts and if you are listening to this
 you probably do. And it's also very heartfelt, it's very personal, it's very moving, it's
 very funny, it's all of these things and more so do check it out, it's called You Are
 Not Alone. And if you'd like to see Cariad in a live setting she is also part of the
 brilliant Jane Austen themed improvised comedy group, Ostentatious. And they are on every
 Monday at the moment at the Arts Theatre just near Leicester Square in London. It's a very
 funny show, I can personally attest to that. Do book first. Okay, that's it. On with the
 show.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming
 to you from the relocated QI offices in Hoburn. My name is Dan Schreiber, I am sitting here
 with James Harkin, Andrew Hunter Murray and Cariad Lloyd and once again we have gathered
 around the microphones with our four favourite facts from the last seven days and in a particular
 order here we go. Starting with fact number one and that is Cariad.
 Hello, my fact is that if you are having trouble with your grief it might be Bill Murray's
 fault.
 Oh, because he kills again.
 And then he finds people who are grieving and he hits them, that's his thing. No, because
 I should backtrack this and say that the reason it might be Bill Murray's fault is the very
 famous film Groundhog Day which is based on the five stages of grief theory. The five stages
 of grief theory is a very, very famous theory, began in 1969, created by Elizabeth Kubler-Ross
 in her book On Death and Dying and it really has been the most famous grief theory since
 then. It has now contested heavily, it's considered not to be that helpful or useful, but it's
 still the grief that most people encounter when they enter the world of grief. It's the
 thing that people will come up to me still and say, "Oh, you know, I'm trying to do the
 five stages, it's not really working." And it makes me want to scream because it's, I
 can swear, I can't, yeah. It's bullshit. But the film Groundhog Day is based on the five
 stages which I think helps to promote this idea that the five stages of grief is something
 that you can work through. Grief is something that will end.
 Can you give us the five stages?
 I can, man, give you the five stages.
 You wake up, you wake up, they're playing the same song as they were yesterday.
 Something about a weather report, I haven't seen this film. James, genuinely, have you
 not seen Groundhog Day?
 I'm afraid not.
 Oh, you know what? It is worth, it is one of those that does stand up to watching.
 Yeah, no.
 James hasn't seen any films before about 2000 and...
 Something like that. Well, I've seen some.
 There's a few that make it through.
 Normally, I'm absolutely fine when you say you haven't seen a particular film and sometimes
 you'll say, "You want that? I'm shocked."
 Groundhog Day.
 Groundhog Day's one of these.
 I don't think it's like, I haven't seen that on TV much. Is it on TV all the time?
 In my childhood it was a classic. It was one of those ones that would be on all the time.
 That was in Australia. So, okay, I reckon it's Denial.
 Oh, yeah, Acceptance.
 Denial of the next subject.
 And that is where people struggle.
 No, the five stages of grief are denial, anger, bargaining, depression, acceptance or the
 worst boy band in your life, basically.
 Yeah. And so that was Elizabeth Kubleros who defined these five stages of grief.
 But isn't she, I thought that when she came up with it, first off, it was to relate to
 the dying as opposed to grief.
 Yes, yes.
 But then secondly, she also said this doesn't happen in any particular order. It's much
 like the facts on our podcast.
 Yes.
 You can have acceptance, but then later have denial.
 Well, they always start with the celebrity, don't they?
 Yes, sir.
 So, on her book on Death and Dying, written in 1969, written in 10 weeks, she had something
 like an article in Time magazine where they were like, "Wow, this woman's doing amazing
 work." And then someone was like, "You should write a book." And she wrote the book and
 it became the best seller that it is.
 Yeah.
 I mean, you can write a book fast. It doesn't mean it will be bad. It's just like, it's
 very of its moment, of its time.
 She was an amazing woman. She was a founder of the hospice movement. She was working with
 people with AIDS in the 80s before that was considered safe. She was incredible. And at
 this time, she was working in hospitals where people were terminally ill, mainly with cancer.
 And this was a time when they didn't even use the C word. They were just saying malignancy.
 And they would also not tell people. So, for example, if a wife was sick, they would tell
 the husband, not the wife. So, she would be being told, she'd be having like radiotherapy
 and she'd be told, "It's to make you better." But they'd all be going to her husband. She's
 not going to live.
 So, she came into this situation and was like, "Hmm, this isn't great." If you told people
 that they were dying, she observed when she did that and helped them through it, that
 they would go through five distinct stages and they would reach an acceptance. And it
 would, I mean, that makes no sense. They would deny it first of all, like, "Oh, no, I'm not
 really ill. I'm fine. I can't believe it's me. Why am I dying? Oh, God, why did you do
 this to me? This is the worst thing. Actually, okay, I'm dying. I'm going to pay off my debts
 and apologize to all those people." So, she was talking about people dying. And I honestly,
 in my research for my book, couldn't find the moment that it became about grieving. It
 just became about grieving because it was like, "Well, it's death. It's same room." And
 it makes no sense for a grieving person. Like, anyone who's been through any loss will tell
 you, like, "You don't go through five distinct stages. You get them pretty much all at once
 all the time and it can, you know, hit you five years later, two years later, 10 years
 later." So, I meet so many people who are like, "Oh, God, I feel so bad. Like, I need
 to get to acceptance. I haven't done it." And I'm always raging because I'm like, "That
 isn't what grief looks like." But the reason it works in a film is that's how films work.
 They need to end and we all need to walk away thinking.
 I mean, not all films. No, good films will do that. I'm fingering a few mental suspects.
 What? I haven't seen that film.
 Hello.
 Although, Andy McDowell is in that as well.
 I think we're in a few mental suspects.
 She plays the doctor. She's really good.
 We should just quickly say, because James hasn't seen "Groundhog Day." So Bill Murray
 is a journalist. He goes to this town to do "Groundhog Day."
 The weatherman.
 He's the weatherman. He wakes up in the morning and the day has begun again. He's conscious
 of it. No one else is. And then the day has begun.
 Yeah.
 So he's...
 Like a Russian doll at a TV show.
 Yes.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Happy Death Day is like...
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 But he reacts differently. So, first of all, he's like, "This isn't happening." Then he
 gets furious. And he starts experimenting with his day. Like, "Well, if I do this, will
 I be here tomorrow?" And it doesn't matter what he does.
 He tries literally everything. It's a weird moment where he starts fingering.
 But...
 And he's trying to woo Andy McDowell's character. And eventually, he learns everything about
 her becomes perfect and it still doesn't work.
 That's a bit creepy, isn't it?
 It's really creepy. It's creepy. That doesn't really stand up to today's standards.
 No.
 But it is a...
 It is a great film.
 It is a brilliant film.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Kubler Ross.
 Oh, yeah. Cubs.
 Cubs.
 Cubs.
 She has a cool phrase.
 "There's no such thing as..." Any guesses?
 Death.
 Yeah, death.
 Oh, did she?
 Yeah, she said like she became...
 Her podcast is great.
 Yeah.
 It's like a mixture of our podcast and your podcast.
 Yeah, yeah. My God, yeah.
 She basically became so convinced there was an afterlife that she said, "We don't need
 to worry about death. There's no such thing as death."
 That's why she was great at getting people into acceptance. It's just like, "Don't worry
 about it, guys. It's fine."
 But the weird thing is, in her original book, the 1969 one, she called the belief in life
 after death a form of denial. So she actually thought that life after death was complete
 bullshit, and then she went through a change in her life.
 Wow.
 So she became like...
 Yeah, so she met a patient in a hospital who was called Mrs. Schwartz, and Mrs. Schwartz
 had been pronounced dead, and then hours later, she was found alive by a nurse.
 So...
 Wondering the story.
 Yeah. So she went to interview her to say what happened, and she recounted that she said,
 "I remember everything that happened. I remember being above my body. I remember a joke that
 the doctor told in the room when I was laying there dead." All that stuff. And that is what
 made...
 In appropriate, report that.
 Exactly.
 So Kubla Ross basically went, "Ah, this is interesting," and became obsessed with it.
 And she even went to have, as it were, out-of-body experiences through a guy called Robert Monroe.
 And then as she got further into it, she believed that she had spirit guides that she was contacting,
 one of whom was Mrs. Schwartz, who did later die, and then came back to sort of instruct
 Kubla Ross about her ideas about the afterlife.
 And this woman is in charge of most known grief theory, known to humanity, like Western
 culture, yeah.
 So one thing you write about in the Bookabit Carrier is the Victorian mourning rituals,
 and how, although they were very starchy and very formal, they did give you a kind of structure.
 And then you mention all the different paraphernalia of mourning.
 Yeah, they were mad.
 Yeah, I mean, it was really a culture highly focused on that. I can't remember if you
 remember, but there's mourning stationery. Yeah, so yeah, that's really common. Yeah,
 mourning stationery.
 You get a black edged card, and when you receive that, you know that the person who sent it
 to you is...
 I was thinking like rulers and charlatans and stuff.
 They had, in Regent Street, Jay's of Regent Street, was basically like the prime arc of
 grief and death.
 So where you went and got all your clothes from, and all your hats, and like gentlemen's
 funeral scarves had to be a certain length.
 There was like a book that told you everything, like from the length of the bow around your
 hat to the staff, to the colour of the ribbon on your door, to your mourning jellies.
 They kind of like made an industry of it as a Victorian...
 So what is mourning jellies?
 The jellies that you have when you're mourning.
 Would they be like black?
 I don't know, actually. I never saw one. I just read about it in the book.
 But is it for serving at a wake or something like that?
 I guess serving after a funeral, yeah. Or maybe you have it like on a Sunday when you're
 feeling gloomy.
 Well, jelly used to be, I mean, if we're talking London, there used to be pubs where if you
 saw someone eating jelly, a woman, that would mean that she was available for sexual experiences.
 I didn't know that. I need to stop eating jelly in public.
 Purchase sexual experiences.
 Yeah, yeah, it wasn't like a traffic light party.
 No, but...
 If you're eating strawberry jelly, you're not up for it.
 It's like handkerchief culture in the...
 Muffa knuckle...
 Knock a muffling?
 One of those?
 Say it again.
 Knock a muffling.
 What's a knock a muffling?
 It's loud to upset people at the house.
 A door knocker on your house?
 Oh.
 You'd muffle it if someone's died.
 Yeah, and you'd also...
 To respect.
 You'd have different colors as well.
 So, like, there was a black crate ribbon outside, it meant adult and it meant a child
 had died in this house and it would be muffled and there was...
 Yeah, there was like...
 It would cost you so much money to do a proper considered funeral.
 Like, I think they read even a middle-class funeral at the time would have been like a
 thousand pounds.
 Like, it was really...
 Right.
 And they had funeral clubs where you'd all put money in every week so that you could
 get like the funeral you like that person deserves because if they didn't, they considered
 their soul would wander around forever, basically.
 Oh, really?
 So, it's like your pension, you know, you'll put in every week and then when you need the
 money you can take it.
 Like a turkey club?
 Like a turkey club, but for the dead.
 Yeah, turkey's dead, I suppose.
 But they don't get anything after that.
 No, you're right.
 Well, they don't pay, I suppose.
 Would you have like, you know, for a wedding you have like a present list.
 Was there a similar thing where I'd like this at my funeral and I'll take care of it?
 I think it was pretty set.
 It was...
 Yeah.
 You just go.
 Can I just tell you one very tangential thing about knockers, door knockers?
 You told me it was tangential, here we go.
 So, I was reading about knocker muffling and then I just sort of went around the rabbit
 hole of door knockers, you know that in old Tehran, houses would have two door knockers,
 one was square and heavier and the other was more rounded.
 Can you guess why?
 One for the ladies?
 It's one for the ladies.
 No!
 It's one for the men.
 It's a big square one and women use the rounded one and then you know who's knocking at the
 door and so then the woman of the house might not answer the door to a man for kind of cultural
 reasons.
 They might also, I read this, they might disguise their voice behind the door to ask the business
 of who's coming around.
 Oh, is that like saying, "Oh, I've got some big men here that are going to beat you up
 if you come in."
 Is that how you do...
 Is that what you do?
 That's what I say every time someone knocks.
 Just in case they might be coming in to attack.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 It's good to let people know what's happening inside.
 At an imaginary dog.
 "You're done!
 Brute us down!"
 That kind of thing, you know, that really works.
 That's when Julia Caesar's coming around, isn't it?
 That's that great machine, quantity routine and she did it in her sitcom where you order
 too many pizzas and the pizza guy's done it with six and you go, "Yeah, it's here, it's
 here!"
 "I'll bring it in a minute."
 And then they're like, "It's just for you."
 You could make it bigger, couldn't you, Andy, and have lots of different knockers, like a
 knocker for your delivery guy and a knocker for a Jehovah's Witness person or whatever.
 Don't come in!
 I've got some big men in here!
 I don't want to know about eternal salvation!
 And so, how long was mourning in that?
 Depends.
 So, they had a rule for every single situation.
 So, like, rule for like your second cousin, your second cousin's child, your sister, your...
 But for the most common people know, it's like for a partner.
 So, a widow would have a year in mourning where she had to wear black and then you go
 into half-morning and quarter-morning.
 And if you, in that year, got married, you're allowed to, like, not wear black for the day
 and then back in your black dress the next day.
 So, you could have a new husband and be like, "Sorry, babes, do you remember Alfred?"
 He was great, wasn't he?
 I'm still pretty sad.
 When did we drop?
 It was like a moment where we dropped this for some reason.
 Well, that's really interesting, because I don't think we have dropped it.
 Because I think we still have an expectation that we expect people to be over things by about
 a year.
 We've passed a year to two years, and with grief, we're a bit like, "Oh, gosh, three years.
 Like, she's still upset."
 And then, of course, you get the black armbands, which were still going up.
 Like, my mum wore a black armband when her granny died in the '60s.
 But I would say she's like the last person I've spoken to who...
 But you still get soccer players doing that, right?
 Yeah, so soccer...
 I'm sorry, my brain went football in my head.
 Sports people and, like, military stuff still wear them.
 But other than that, obviously, you used to just wear it day to day.
 And that comes up on my podcast that people wished there was still a thing you could have
 that would mean, like, sort of handle with care.
 Because it's like, you don't want to be a society that says you have to wear a black armband.
 But for some people, you know, if you're going to a shop, you're on a tube.
 It's a bit like baby on board.
 It's like, "I'm in grief.
 Like, just be careful with me.
 Like, if I'm in a shop or like..."
 You have badges, don't you?
 I did sell badges.
 Yeah, but I couldn't keep up with the demand.
 What did it say?
 It said, "Please be kind.
 I'm grieving."
 And it had two little hands.
 And then one said, "DDC member."
 It was in Dead Dad Club with DMC.
 And there was a little amazing artist called Camille Bersini who designed them.
 And it was like a little purple ghost with a hat with a flower.
 Oh, Dead Mom's Club.
 No, I was thinking Ron DMC.
 That can't be.
 I thought you...
 They're dead.
 They're dead.
 It's like that.
 And that's the way it is.
 Yeah, yeah.
 So, yeah, it's a shame in a way that we don't have.
 Yeah, I agree.
 Because you never know what anyone's going through at any time.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Although I can see why the Victorians were very strict, obviously, like you had to do it.
 And if a woman couldn't...
 You would know where you'd be allowed to walk around in like, you know, a bright yellow dress the next day.
 I think we'd have to draw a line on where, what kind of badges you'd have.
 Because I definitely would have like, "Be gentle, lost an eBay purchase."
 Like, you know...
 I feel a small badge, isn't it?
 I've only got facts about groundhogs now.
 Let's talk about groundhogs.
 Oh, groundhogs, yeah.
 You mind?
 No.
 Groundhog Day.
 Yeah.
 It's about groundhogs, is it?
 Because there's a special groundhog who comes up and if he can see his shadow, it's going to snow for a month or so.
 Have you seen the film Groundhog Day?
 All this stuff.
 They get him out of his little nest.
 Punctutaniville, isn't he?
 Punctutaniville.
 But there are loads of groundhogs.
 That's an interesting thing.
 I mean, all over, lots of places have a groundhog celebration.
 I was just wondering if punctutani is the most difficult word that everyone knows how to pronounce.
 Yes, from the film Groundhog Day.
 But basically, if they get him out and if he turns around and sees his shadow, then there'll be another six weeks of winter.
 And if he doesn't, then the spring will come.
 How do they know if he sees it?
 Well, what I read was, in real Punctutani, there are two scrolls, and if Phil picks the scroll that says he sees a shadow,
 that's how they know he's seen a shadow.
 So there's these secret scrolls.
 Do they look up the long-range weather forecast and lace one of them with groundhog food or whatever?
 They must do, right?
 They must do.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 It takes place on Gobler's Knob, I read.
 Do you know where the name Gobler's Knob comes from?
 There's two theories.
 If you get either of them, you can have a point.
 Goblin's Knob?
 No.
 Was it somebody was gobbling a man's knob and they said, "We should call this Gobler's Knob,"
 because she's always there, she's always doing that.
 What, Jelly Sue? Yeah, Jelly Sue.
 And Jelly Sue didn't stick with me.
 That's not one of the two theories that I have.
 Okay, sure, fine.
 You stick with your theories, I'll stick with mine.
 Oh, is it where people ate on mountains?
 Yeah, like a knob is just like a hillock.
 Well, that's why I thought Goblin's Knob, because it looks like a goblin's.
 No, no, no, your theory was not bad.
 Oh, he's going to get it.
 So it's where the old shoe mender used to buy his trade, Gobler's Knob, and slowly it became Goblin's Knob.
 Why? Why did they start going?
 Because he gave a lot of blowjobs.
 Yeah, yeah, I'm going to call it Goblin.
 It's an offer to sell shoes.
 Is that like a happy ending for massages, but in the shoe cleaning trade?
 You know when he comes down to measure your feet?
 He's bending down.
 Well, I'm down here.
 No, it's because a group of turkeys might have lived there.
 And then another theory is like Dan said, maybe there were hunters and then that's where they would eat their food after the hunt.
 So they would gobble up the food, but I think the turkeys are the most likely ones.
 Yeah, that is good.
 I didn't know groundhogs.
 The groundhogs are amazing.
 Yeah, sure.
 No, they really are.
 So I didn't know they were the same as a woodchuck and it's the largest member of the squirrel family.
 What?
 Oh, no, and they're brilliant diggers.
 So they dig, they'll dig several feet down in a row.
 They live in burrows several feet down, then a few feet up, and then they level out and go along.
 And then off the side of that main tunnel, they'll dig several different rooms, one of which is the toilet room.
 And they only go to the loo in there.
 And then when it's full, they just seal it up and they dig a new toilet elsewhere.
 They're very clean.
 Yeah, I was going to say the first thing that you said they got down and up is that so they got drowned.
 They go to dig another room and they're like, oh no, that's three years ago's toilet.
 Close up, close up, close up.
 You have to hit it eventually.
 There's how many rooms, how long is, I guess you keep moving the tunnel down.
 You really have to hide that when selling it, wouldn't you, to the next Grand Old Family?
 Oh, don't, don't.
 What's that on these walls?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 We want to extend, no, you can't.
 You can't extend that.
 Okay, it's time for fact number one and that is Carriette.
 Boom.
 Brilliant.
 It's actually time for fact number two and that is James.
 Okay, my fact this week is that there's a bus tower in Hong Kong,
 which is specifically run for people to sleep all the way through.
 Lovely.
 Lovely, lovely idea.
 Sounds great, doesn't it?
 Is it because people are tired in Hong Kong?
 That's part of the reason.
 What do you think, Andy?
 Otherwise, it'd be a terrible place to do this.
 You just get people out and they're all like, no, I'm wide awake.
 We're not sleeping in Hong Kong.
 Why can't they get a normal bus?
 I love sleeping on the bus.
 Why can't they just get a bus?
 Well, they could.
 It stops, doesn't it?
 And so they might wake you up and kick you off the bus.
 The idea came from this guy, Kenneth Kong.
 He worked for a bus tour organizer and he was chatting to one of his friends
 and his friends said he was really stressed, you know,
 he's got a really busy job, couldn't sleep at night.
 But whenever he traveled to work on the bus,
 he would always kind of fall asleep.
 And Kenneth Kong thought this is amazing.
 This is such a good idea.
 I'm going to do a bus tour where people are just encouraged to sleep.
 And unlike a normal bus ride,
 we're going to give you a goodie bag with an eye mask, some ear plugs.
 Maybe we'll get a very soporific tour guide or something.
 That's a good idea.
 But actually the first time they did it,
 they had the upper deck for people who wanted to sleep
 and the lower deck was for people who wanted to have a tour guide chat into them.
 Which feels like the wrong way around because if you want to see the site,
 you want to be on the top.
 Exactly. Really good point.
 But anyway, they noticed that a lot of people found that more difficult
 and didn't sleep, so now they're making two separate bus tours.
 One for sleepers and one for not sleepers.
 I also read as well that I don't know if they do this every single time,
 but they might start with a huge two hour long lunch.
 So that's a very good idea.
 You go into a food coma as you're getting on the bus.
 Oh, nice.
 You could do this for lots of things
 because there are lots of activities where you're put in a...
 Like the cinema, for example, or theatre, or an opera.
 Are you suggesting that you go to sleep in a...
 I'm saying that it's very easy to fall asleep,
 especially if the thing is not good.
 I once went to a Bach concert, which is, you know...
 It's really sort of deep and sort of quite long notes and stuff,
 and about halfway through I looked around and literally half.
 The men mostly, I must say, but they were mostly asleep.
 Yeah, yeah.
 I used to go to lunchtime concerts at Wigmore Hall,
 and I thought, "Oh, this is an exciting London thing to do,"
 but it was full of people head nodding,
 just like, "Oh, this is so nice. I'm on my lunch break."
 It's very hard to do this.
 Yeah, you could get like 15 minutes, couldn't you?
 That's headbangers, you know, at metal concerts.
 Actually, I'm just about to fall asleep.
 Time to wake it up.
 Wake up, Gary. It's just about to stop.
 I once went to Brian Blessed's house,
 and I was hanging out with him,
 and he tells stories that go on and on,
 and it was just me and him sitting in his adventurous shed that he has.
 And I was so tired, and he was telling me stories,
 and I fell asleep.
 And I remember waking up with that sudden start,
 and I looked up, and he was still talking at me.
 Amazing.
 He just did, and we would definitely way further away
 than where the story was when I fell asleep.
 That's great.
 We could hire Brian Blessed to go around to people's houses.
 Oh, yeah.
 Well, he must have some audiobooks you can listen to.
 Oh, yeah.
 I was looking up good bus tours.
 Yeah.
 Oh, okay.
 There was a tour bus for dogs in 2017 in London.
 Oh.
 But it was a bit of a...
 Well, okay, it was the Rootmaster K9.
 And there was a live commentary of Dog Trivia from around London.
 Okay.
 Fine.
 And the route was between places where you could go for walkies.
 But wait, so the owners were the dogs?
 Yeah, that's the thing.
 There are dogs in Moscow who get on the tube,
 who live kind of down on the tube and sort of jump on between stops.
 Wow.
 Like the pigeons do.
 I don't believe the pigeons.
 I've seen them.
 I've seen them.
 I've seen them.
 I've read it.
 Okay.
 I've seen them.
 Okay, guys, pipe down.
 I've done research on this.
 I didn't get to read out a few weeks ago on the podcast.
 The pigeons get the tube.
 Do they know they're doing it?
 And I literally saw the pigeon do it, though.
 No, no, we didn't, because he read a research thing.
 We didn't see it.
 A pigeon can be on the tube,
 but it does not have a conception of the map of my pigeon.
 Oh, okay.
 But I've seen a pigeon on the tube.
 But you know, there's also the pigeon on the tube.
 No, but listen.
 Let me talk.
 There's the tube bit that's overground.
 So then it's getting on at one stop and going two stops
 and literally walking on, waiting by the door
 and then walking on.
 That's what I saw as well.
 Yeah, so it's like, it's not doing underground tube.
 It's like, oh, if I get on at East Finchley.
 I'd be more impressed to see a pigeon on the underground tube.
 That would be dangerous and upsetting for the pigeon
 and distressing.
 It'll be fine.
 It sort of slides down the escalator.
 What we've seen is much more normal.
 An outdoor platform, pigeon gets on, rides and stops, gets on.
 For me, it's so normal.
 It's banal.
 It's actually come round to banal.
 I can't even accept it.
 I wonder what you think, Andy, now that you've read this research.
 Are you trusting your own research
 or are you believing the eyewitness reports?
 I've literally seen it.
 I just want to clear this up.
 I believe what you've both seen.
 You've both seen a pigeon hop onto a train.
 The train girl stop or do the pigeon hop off.
 Wait by the doors.
 Wait by the doors.
 No distress, no panic.
 I did the gap.
 Pressing that button when it's the open button.
 That's what makes it clear that the pigeon's stupid.
 The doors operate anyway.
 Not on the overground.
 Not on the overground.
 I didn't see over.
 I saw underground.
 Underground chain.
 What's the point is, I don't think,
 I think they might be hopping on looking for food or something.
 I don't think they're--
 But it didn't do any food.
 They're not commuting home.
 Andy, this is what I saw.
 It just waited by the door.
 It was playing Candy Crush.
 It literally got on, stood and faced the doors like a commuter.
 Everyone was like, oh my god, pigeon.
 Doors closed and then it went two stops.
 So it didn't have to do--
 The two is more convincing.
 Yeah, no, it did two.
 It did East Finchley to Finchley Central,
 like to West Finchley.
 So it went out to North London and it got out.
 Mine had a baby on board back then.
 If it's the several days in a row,
 within the same half an hour period,
 I will believe you've got a commuting pigeon.
 OK.
 What were we talking about?
 Bassist.
 Bassist.
 Oh, Bassist or Dogtar.
 Dogtar.
 You started this, Jase.
 You said there are dogs on the Bosco jeans.
 Sorry.
 Can I just ask on your Dogtar?
 It's basically a way for dog walkers
 to get from one walkies area to another one,
 and they gave them stuff in the meantime.
 I think so.
 I think it was around for a few days
 as a kind of to promote the firm.
 Are your Russian dogs commuting there?
 We're just living there.
 I think that's the idea, is that they do go from one place
 to another where they know they can get food
 from different places.
 But I can't really quite remember.
 Yeah, I believe that.
 You believe that.
 Oh, that's fine.
 James has never seen it.
 I was going to say, when I went to Moscow,
 I've been a few times, but whenever I've gone,
 I've tried to look on the underground for these dogs
 and I've never seen them.
 Well, Andy still believes you.
 I was reading about the bus drivers of history.
 One significant and very controversial bus driver
 was a guy called James Blake.
 Yeah, of course, Rosa Parks.
 He was the Rosa Parks bus driver.
 Here's the thing I didn't know.
 So he was called James Blake.
 It was 1955, this happened.
 The most famous incident.
 But she and Blake had beef already.
 Oh, I had read this somewhere because she was like a known activist.
 Wasn't she?
 That was the big thing.
 12 years earlier in 1943, she got on a bus, paid,
 but she'd got on the front entrance and Blake was the driver.
 And he said, no, you've got to get off and get on the sort of back doors of the bus
 because that was the rules, segregated buses.
 And she got off to, God's sake, all right.
 She got off to get on the other entrance and he drove off,
 which was a thing they would do sometimes as a kind of prank.
 So she avoided his buses for years.
 You know, when she saw he was a driver and then that day,
 she didn't notice that he was the driver.
 She was tired.
 She was preoccupied.
 And so that's, that's what happened.
 He was a bus driver for 19 more years.
 19 more years.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 Because it was quite, she, her story was one that sort of hit the right moment at the right time.
 There were quite a lot of stories of, of people who were refusing to step up from their seats and go to the back.
 I think even Rosa Parks' story is slightly distorted.
 Yeah, I was going to say, she wasn't tight.
 She knew it was all planned and they used her because she looked quite mild-mannered
 and they thought that it would be like, you know, a way for it to get on the bus
 and look like she wasn't going to cause trouble, but they absolutely,
 she was a super intelligent, brilliant part of the organization.
 And it was very, very well, they knew like they were going to do this incident.
 The King was part of that.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Genuinely, actually only know that because of a Doctor Who episode from the Jodie Whitaker period.
 So that probably needs a fact check.
 I think they would have got that right.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Yeah, a lot of, a lot of seminal moments have happened on buses.
 So George Harrison joined the Beatles on a bus.
 Did he?
 He was sitting on top, top deck of a bus.
 Not on top of Paul McCartney's head.
 He was giving him a shoulder's ride.
 Yeah, Paul already knew him and that's where he introduced properly to John Lennon
 and John said, can you play a song?
 That was a very difficult song to play on guitar.
 He played it, nailed it and that's when they said, you're in the band.
 So that's important.
 George Michael wrote Careless Whisper on the bus.
 I'm never going to dance again.
 Guilty feet have got no N17.
 No, zero to no.
 No, zero lyric.
 I was a tour bus guide.
 Tour bus guide?
 That sounded wrong.
 No, I was, that's the right.
 You were a tour guide who was on the bus.
 Thank you, thank you.
 I was like, tour bus guide is the right.
 Here's another tour bus.
 If you look over there, another tour bus is going past.
 So many tour buses.
 I was a tour guide on an open top bus for some time in London
 and I got in trouble a lot, yes.
 For what?
 Making stuff up?
 No, I never made stuff up.
 I made a joke about the Royal Family and someone wrote and complained
 and said I should be ashamed of myself and I disgraced my country.
 Wow, it was about Prince Andrew.
 It wasn't, at the time, that sort of thing wasn't known.
 It was about Prince Harry taking drugs, which was absolutely known
 and it was a really crap joke that every tour guide did on St James's.
 So the shops have Royal warrants.
 So that's where they have a crest in the window.
 That means the Royal Family shop there.
 And the whole of St James's, there's like,
 oh, Berry Brothers, Lob and Coases.
 There's all like the boot makers, the hat makers
 and there's also a pharmacy on St James's
 and you say that's where the Royal Family get their drugs
 although I think Prince Harry probably gets his from somewhere else.
 It's a terrible joke.
 It's fine.
 Have you got your first comedy review?
 Two stars.
 We got up at Bucking, I said,
 this is Bucking Palace and a couple marched up to me and they said,
 "We're getting off."
 I said, "Oh, okay."
 They said, "We don't want to."
 I said, "Oh, what's happening?"
 And I said, "It's you.
 We're getting off because of you."
 And I was like, "Oh, what?"
 I said, "What you just said about the Royal Family was so disgraceful."
 And then when the letter, they said I had disgraced Prince William.
 So they hadn't even been listening to my joke.
 You wouldn't make that joke about Prince William.
 That's the most annoying thing.
 It was so annoying, but I got in quite big trouble.
 Did you apologise?
 No, they're gone.
 They're long gone.
 Unrepentant.
 I'm glad you weren't my boss, I did.
 You know London Bus?
 Just a London Bus.
 Oh, yeah.
 Big Red Bus.
 Big Red Bus.
 You know how long they are in terms of how many London Buses they are?
 They're one London Bus.
 No, they're 1.2 times the length of a London Bus.
 Okay.
 And that's because they're new rootmasters.
 And if you ever look at, like, whatever anyone says, this is so stupid.
 But whatever anyone says, this is like 10 times the length of a London Bus.
 They're talking about the old London Bus.
 Oh, talking about the rootmasters.
 Yeah.
 But they've got the new one, such a 1.2 times the length.
 Brilliant.
 I genuinely interested in that.
 Do you know, I bit, like, I loved, I'm the age of remembering rootmasters.
 And they were great when you could jump on the back of the bus.
 Obviously, it wasn't safe, but it was brilliant.
 Yeah.
 You never had to worry about missing a bus.
 You just ran.
 You could still jump on.
 No, because they closed them all because it wasn't safe.
 Do you remember the old ones?
 Like, had no door.
 Totally open.
 Yeah.
 No, sorry.
 I've jumped on the back of one when the door was open.
 Wow.
 Andy, you're so lucky.
 You jumped on a bus and it was open.
 You didn't just run head first into glass.
 I was sneaking off one bus and onto another one.
 It was after a party.
 Anyway, I don't want to go into my showbiz life.
 You know, we're familiar with the Spice Bus.
 Yeah.
 Spice Girls Bus.
 From the Spice World movie.
 Oh, yeah.
 And you can rent it now.
 How can you?
 You can stay in it overnight.
 Is this a hint for your next birthday?
 No.
 Is it still so...
 It's on the other one.
 It's tedious.
 I haven't seen this movie.
 But is it like, I think it's like Uni and Jack.
 That's not missable.
 You have to watch Spice Bus.
 Meatloaf is the driver.
 Does it still look the same as it did in the show?
 Yes, it's still, the exterior looks the same.
 But the interior, unfortunately, obviously in the film,
 the interior was this huge three-story potential.
 It couldn't have been what it was.
 Was it like bigger on the inside kind of thing?
 Yeah, exactly.
 Well, they never, I don't think they made a kind of space-time definition
 about how big it was.
 Just kept showing you different rooms in it.
 Like a Groundhog's Nest, basically.
 Exactly.
 There's one more full of shit from the Spice Girls
 than if you attacked her.
 Oh, God.
 We spoke about the Dave Matthews band a few months ago.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yes, did you know the Dave Matthews band?
 I didn't know Dave Matthews band.
 There was this thing in 2004 where they dumped 800 pounds
 of raw untreated sewage into a river.
 There was a Chicago River while they were crossing the bridge
 on their tour bus.
 And they were, unfortunately, they were crossing a slatted bridge
 and there was an open top tour boat passing by beneath the bridge.
 Can I just say it was the driver rather than the band.
 Yeah, I was like the band were there like now.
 So anyway, that was a huge thing led to a lot of,
 I think there were apology letters.
 But I was reading about what happens how you release
 what they call the Blackwater, you know, the sewage from the thing.
 And you know, buses have changed a bit since then.
 I think they've been altered a bit.
 I was reading an interview with a bus driver from 2016 about how you release it.
 And there is a switch that says dump, which they keep.
 Supposedly they keep it by the driver's left elbow, which feels risky.
 Thanks for the indicators.
 But these days, there's like a nuclear button.
 There is a plastic cap over the switch.
 So you have to make a conscious decision to dump.
 I mean, we all need that in our lives.
 Make a conscious decision to drop your shit.
 They should put the key for it inside a person.
 This is a callback to something the other day.
 The idea of a nuclear button, you put the key inside a person
 so they had to kill the person to get to the nuclear button.
 And the president had to do it himself.
 Yes, an initial.
 But how's he going to keep that inside him without shitting it out?
 I'll be under his skin.
 Oh, okay. I thought you meant like swallow it and then go through the shit, get the key.
 In this case, sir, the missiles are going to be in two minutes.
 The president is sieving a poo.
 It's like, "I'll find it. I'll find it."
 The key's covered in sweet card.
 Are you sure you want to look at the plastic cover?
 Not yet, not yet.
 Oh, God, sorry.
 Okay, it is time for fact number one.
 Okay, I'm sorry.
 They say I love won't pay the rent.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three, and that is Andy.
 My fact is that for many years, the secret of the British Army's balloons
 was known by a single family of Alsatians.
 Wow.
 By which I mean people from Alsat.
 Were they all on a bus together?
 This is a thing where, so the ballooning took off.
 If only the people at home could have seen the way that you built up.
 I know, the face.
 You lifted up the plastic button and you dumped.
 You pressed dump on your joke.
 I thought, "I could do it. I could go for it, couldn't I?
 They'll all laugh and we'll just move on and it won't be made a big thing off."
 The British Army, they were experimenting.
 They were making hydrogen balloons, and this is in the 1880s.
 So it's 100 years or so after the Montgolfier brothers and so on.
 And hydrogen balloons are great in lots of ways, but there's a problem.
 Hydrogen molecules are so tiny that they escape from almost any bag that you keep them in.
 I'll put them in the same bag.
 So they were looking for a way to improve the balloons.
 And there was this family, the Weinling family.
 They were a family of orthodox Jews that came from Alsace in France.
 And they had their own effectively secret proprietary method of making these balloons.
 And they'd made some for a scientific toy shop in the east end of London, which is called Mr. Herons.
 And the commander of the first royal balloon factory was called Major Templar.
 He hired the Weinling family, he bought their secret effectively.
 And then for a few decades, Britain had this big advantage in balloon technology,
 because the Weinlings were on board and they were kind of supervising the first balloon factory.
 They had to be persuaded to tell other people how to make the balloons,
 because they originally, it seems like they wanted to make the balloons themselves.
 "We'll do it all, we'll do it all, we just don't want to tell anyone."
 I can understand that.
 It's pretty amazing as well that, so it was a guy called Henry Coxwell,
 who was walking through this scientific toy shop and saw this thing.
 Can you imagine like during the war effort, you're looking for ways and suddenly here's just a toy for kids,
 that is going to give you the great advantage of the war.
 And what did the toy do? It was like, it was like a little hot air balloon.
 It was a balloon, yeah, yeah.
 And it worked basically, wow.
 And the method that they used was a thing called gold beater skin.
 So it's used, it's made from the lower intestine of a cow.
 And what they would do is they would stretch out the lower intestine.
 And because as you were saying Andy, the nothing could escape, molecules can escape is what they found.
 What's amazing is that when they were, when they make the balloon itself,
 you wouldn't sew it together.
 So sewing might be a problem because there's micro holes that if you miss whatever something can escape.
 But with this intestine skin, all you had to do was make it a bit wet, a bit damp,
 and then it would just stick.
 And that would be strong enough to make it so cool.
 It's overlapping and it just...
 Guys, how did the Wylings find this out?
 Like, I'm sorry, how did this one family be like, oh, you know that cow intestine we've got hanging around?
 Let's stretch it out, dry it and put like, what was going on in that family?
 It's Mikey's birthday, have we got balloons?
 Sorry, that's what made me laugh so much because it's amazing.
 It's like really amazing what they did and discovered.
 But what was going on in Alsace?
 Well, they were already using this stuff for gold-beating, which is why it's called gold-beater skin, right?
 But why are they using it in gold-beating?
 So you would put your gold in between two pieces of intestine or paper or whatever,
 and then you would whack it, whack it, whack it to make it really, really, really, really thin.
 And so then you would have gold leaf instead of a gold bar.
 Oh, and that's why it still comes in as two bits of paper, the gold leaf.
 It does, yeah.
 Do you buy gold leaf?
 You can buy it, like for decorating, people use it for like, if you want to do like a gold effect on tables or on food or...
 I've had biscuits covered in silver.
 That's the blue.
 Silver what?
 They're Indian.
 Oh, it's silver leaf, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 They're popular, it's not...
 Sorry, I thought it was like an emperor there.
 He's doing well with his silver biscuits and two knockers.
 But the amazing thing is about this gold-beating rate,
 so you're making gold leaf out of a piece of gold,
 and you could get a sheet of gold that was two millimeters thick,
 and then knock it down, make it thinner, thinner, thinner,
 so there was 100 nanometers, right?
 And it's hard to say what that is,
 but it's basically, it's like if I was squashed into a flat sheet,
 which is the thickness of a human hair.
 We're not going to do that, James.
 No, it's going to do that to you, are they?
 You know, they get hit by a bus.
 But yeah, that's how much, they reduce the thickness of a sheet of gold by 99.996%,
 and they do it using this paper, this ox, you know, this gold beater's paper.
 But that's the second process, to get it down to two millimeters,
 you need to put it through a different two pieces of paper,
 and that's called Montgolfier paper,
 and that was the same paper as the Montgolfiers used to make their balloons.
 Isn't that amazing?
 So the first section of gold beating was Montgolfier paper,
 and the second stuff was this gold beater's paper,
 because the Montgolfiers, they came from a family of paper makers,
 and that's how they got into hot air ballooning,
 because they had all of this amazing paper to use,
 and they turned them into balloons.
 So cool.
 It's so weird how one invention leads to another.
 Yeah.
 And it was, the reason I knew about this is because we talked a while ago
 about jobs in the UK that don't exist anymore,
 and the last gold beater I think went out in the UK,
 maybe in the last 10 to 20 years.
 It feels like a very labor intensive job.
 It is.
 Gold beating.
 Yeah, it is.
 Also, for the size of the balloons that they were making during the war,
 you needed a lot, so one kind of classic zeppelin
 would require 250,000 intestines
 in order to make the size balloon that they needed in order to do it.
 Again, how did they first get the idea?
 And it was mostly women, right?
 Yeah.
 It was women doing this work.
 Yeah.
 The Vinling family was...
 It couldn't have been just them, right?
 They must have taught it to...
 But it was women that were doing all the work, I think.
 Yeah.
 Women did the skin stretching,
 the skin treating,
 and that factory was staffed by women.
 I think it was one Fred Vinling.
 There were a couple of sons,
 but there was Mrs. Vinling and two daughters
 who were the chief balloon makers for the army.
 Wow.
 And it was such a secret as well
 that when it eventually got seen that it was being used by the countries,
 that was seen as treason.
 And this guy, Major Templar, who was the one,
 he actually got charged with betraying military secrets
 because they thought this was so secret and no one could have known it.
 No.
 He was acquitted because I think they worked out that he didn't do it,
 but that's how important this was to the war effort.
 But it kind of didn't matter for a few countries
 because what you needed was cow and testin.
 So they were being farmed in America
 and they were being imported to here.
 But like Germany couldn't get them because they stopped.
 They have cows in Germany.
 I don't think they had enough at the time.
 I think we've mentioned once before that Germany had to choose
 in the war between airships and sausages.
 It's a hard choice to make.
 You're in total war.
 Your society needs to survive.
 It is the worst choice to make.
 Come on.
 In fact, they still lose balloons in war right now, don't they?
 For instance, while we saw in the news with the so-called spy balloons,
 they're coming back in.
 It's a new fashion trend.
 In the Ukraine war, I think both sides used balloons.
 They kind of put them up there so that the other side
 kind of uses a permunition trying to shoot them.
 They're just distractions really, but they are still used.
 There are barrage balloons in the Second World War.
 You saw images of London at war.
 There are all these balloons floating over
 and it's to make bombers have to fly higher to fly over them.
 They have steel cables hanging down from them
 so you can't fly around under them.
 So they're a good air defence.
 Those were largely staffed by women.
 There was the Women's Auxiliary Air Force.
 They were on the ground.
 They would operate the winches basically
 because there's no one actually up there in a barrage balloon
 or hanging beneath it.
 Balloon command was set up in 1938.
 Yes, please.
 Even at D-Day.
 Good morning, balloon command.
 What colour?
 Rebel?
 Yes, plenty of those.
 How old is he? Seven?
 Oh, we'll see what we can do.
 D-Day had the barrage balloon battalion
 who were specifically bringing to the Normandy beaches
 the balloons.
 Wow.
 They were pre-inflated in the UK
 and then sailed over to defend the men of beaches.
 I think that's good because if you're in opposing territory
 you don't want to be like...
 Stretch it out a bit.
 You're absolutely right.
 They didn't show that at the beginning of a saving private ride, did they?
 I'm asthmatic, sir. I can't do this.
 Speaking of women in war,
 the UK's first official police woman
 was Mrs Edith Smith of Grantham.
 She became a sworn officer in 1915
 and the Home Office weren't very happy about it
 because they said that women were not proper persons.
 That's what they said.
 It's something we have to live with.
 I know, but this is amazing.
 Quite a lot of the stuff they made her do
 was spy on women on behalf of their husbands
 who were away at war.
 Oh, wow.
 Wow, the power of the patriarchy.
 You can work for us if you take down your own people.
 I was wondering if you were having affairs.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Have we ever mentioned the Hello Ladies?
 Hello.
 Hello Ladies.
 Hello Ladies.
 Hello Ladies were a group of women.
 They were in the battlefields of France.
 They were basically the operators who connect phone calls.
 The telephone operating ladies, yeah.
 We were doing it on the front lines.
 Oh, wow.
 And so while being bombed,
 just connecting these phone lines
 to make sure that these crucial calls could be made back.
 And at the height of it,
 the Hello Girls were connecting 150,000 calls a day.
 And there was 223 in total that were doing that.
 That's doing tons.
 Yeah, yeah.
 It's crazy.
 But a lot of those were calls being made
 to a policewoman in Grantham.
 Okay, what's she doing now?
 Well, did they look like they were friends
 or did they look like it was more serious?
 Yeah, and they annoyingly, after the war,
 they weren't considered for veteran status and benefits
 because they weren't seen as part of the military.
 And it took until 1977.
 Oh, my God.
 The petitioning presidents constantly to get them
 any kind of compensation.
 But they finally did it.
 But they were essential to the war of the Hello Girls.
 Yeah, you were there.
 You know, yeah, you were at the front line.
 You weren't there, though.
 You were exactly, oh, my God, that's awful.
 I've just got one more fact about balloons.
 Yeah, go on.
 There has only ever been one balloon hit-and-run accident
 in the UK.
 Okay, amazing.
 2004.
 Yes.
 Are we talking hot air balloons?
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 Okam, Cumbria.
 Retired couple sitting in their cottage having a nice time.
 Suddenly, bang, hot air balloon.
 Someone stole the chimney.
 Smashes into their chimney and their roof and then flies off.
 Oh, my God.
 I know.
 It was blue, yellow and red.
 I'm going to say, in defence of whoever this was, if you're flying over,
 I used to live in there, if you're flying over and you're out of control enough
 that you hit a chimney, you're probably out of control enough that you can't stop.
 To leave you details, yeah.
 It's quite dangerous because around there they have quite a lot of ministry
 of difference flights they practice around there.
 Do they?
 Yeah.
 Well, it's the only known, known balloon hit-and-run ever.
 They never found.
 They still never...
 I didn't find a follow-up to the story.
 Maybe they did.
 So, that's interesting because only a couple of days ago,
 I watched a video on Instagram of a hot air balloon coming in close to it.
 There's a whole group of people picnicking on the side of, in this grassy bit of a hill.
 And they all turn around and look at it.
 Everyone gets up and they're filming it.
 And it just keeps descending and keeps descending.
 And it suddenly hits the ground and mows through all of them.
 They're all diving out the way.
 Oh, my God.
 All their chairs go through.
 No one's hit.
 Everyone's okay.
 And it takes off again and disappears off into the distance.
 And I don't know if they got their details later.
 So that might not count as a hit-and-run.
 But could you claim a picnic over a chimney?
 My picnic was ruined.
 If they put everything back together,
 they noticed there was one sausage roll missing.
 Just grab it on the way out.
 Just left a sausage skin.
 Make your own balloon.
 Okay, it's time for our final fact of the show.
 And that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that Orson Welles's nose
 rarely made appearances in his movies.
 Wow.
 Can you give me some of his movies?
 Yeah.
 Citizen Kane is perhaps...
 I've seen the Citizen Kane.
 But I don't remember any noseless men in that.
 Well, he was never noseless.
 Oh.
 He never, yeah.
 He didn't...
 I mean, people would talk about Citizen Kane
 in a different way if there was no nose on his face.
 Like he spends his whole time lusting over.
 What was it?
 Rosebud.
 He'd been memorialising Rosebud.
 He'd be memorialising his nose.
 Closebud, will I?
 No!
 Thank you.
 I nearly started watching Citizen Kane last night.
 Have you not seen it?
 No, I got quite tired.
 It's incredible.
 It's incredible.
 Why, the only one who hasn't?
 Yeah.
 Oh, the worm turns and builds his little nest down.
 Sorry, I'll keep going with that.
 He builds his little nest down and then realises
 this is full of shit from a ground on.
 Carries on.
 Actually absorbs it because that's his deal.
 Have you caught what Citizen Kane is?
 It's classic.
 I've seen a couple of his.
 What have you seen?
 The Magnificent Ambersons.
 Oh, I haven't seen that.
 Very much a B-side these days.
 Oh, okay.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 It is great.
 The third man, which he did direct, he just is in.
 Yeah.
 Oh, sorry, but he was such a direct, yeah.
 Yeah, yeah, that's okay.
 So, for the people that don't know, Orson Welles,
 Citizen Kane is often regarded as one of the
 greatest movies ever made.
 I actually was surprised I went onto IMDb.
 I expected to see it behind Shawshank Redemption.
 It was actually 95 on the top 100 list.
 But I think, you know, there's three Avengers movies
 in that top 100 ahead of it.
 So, I think that's been answered.
 Yeah, you went onto IMDb.
 I think you'd check like Guardians Top Films.
 Yeah, exactly.
 It was the Paddington two of its day.
 Yeah.
 It really was.
 It absolutely was.
 Orson Welles was, as Andy says, he was a director.
 He was a writer.
 He was an actor.
 He went from radio to stage to film, doing iconic
 things in every single place.
 He supposedly created a national terror when he did
 War of the Worlds on radio.
 That's been mythologized to be a lot worse than it
 actually was.
 People, you know, claiming they thought aliens were
 really invading, were really kind of newspapers
 just bumping that up.
 But one thing about him is that for someone who was
 so confident and he was known to be so balshy and
 people would talk about his rage and his passion,
 one thing he was absolutely insecure about was
 the size of his nose, which he thought hadn't
 really grown since childhood.
 And so every single movie that he did, except
 basically for one movie, as far as I can tell,
 which was The Third Man, he always had prosthetics
 on his nose and sometimes applying it himself,
 there's an account by a guy called Lewis Gilbert
 who was a director and he did a movie with him
 in 1959 called Fairy to Hong Kong.
 And he said that basically he would do his own nose
 and the problem was that his nose would be quite
 different shot to shot.
 Yeah, they said it was like wonky or green or...
 Yeah, sometimes it was tilting upwards, sometimes
 it was tilting downwards.
 Occasionally it just went sideways.
 It was not a consistent nose for the entire movie.
 Yeah, I read one quote saying he said his nose had
 not grown one millimeter since infancy,
 which I don't believe it.
 Exactly.
 There's no way he had an actual baby's nose.
 I felt bad though, because when you do look at
 it, I was like, what? No, he doesn't.
 And then I saw a picture of him without it and I was like,
 I guess it is small.
 I think it doesn't fit his personality,
 because he was known for being this like huge
 raconteur, character like absolute,
 almost I guess Brian Blessed style like fill the room.
 It doesn't, you expect him to have a much bigger
 features and the rest of his features are quite big.
 Not there's anything wrong with having a small nose.
 He allegedly, he kept every fake nose.
 And he had a glass case for each one.
 And he also gave them all names.
 That's quite common in a prosthetic and wig
 world on TV.
 They sometimes give them names.
 Really?
 Yeah, I don't know why.
 I guess because often you have to look after a wig.
 Like wash it and preen it and stuff.
 So you would give it.
 It's not uncommon to give it a name.
 Kerry, you've done a lot of sketch comedy on TV.
 Or sort of shows where you were a comedy character
 playing a celebrity, like murder and success.
 Oh yeah.
 Have you ever worn a prosthetic nose?
 Yeah, I have.
 I'm trying to think now.
 I had to wear loads for murder successful,
 but I can't remember which one.
 I think for Cheryl Cole, I had to wear a prosthetic nose.
 I think we called it Cheryl to be fair.
 He didn't call them the actual names.
 He looked very weird.
 He was in a film called Touch of Evil.
 Oh yes.
 One of his classics.
 One of his classics.
 He knows from that it's called Sandra.
 Oh, they always women's names.
 One of the King Lear one was called Sloan Jr.
 So I don't know if there's a character called
 Sandra in Touch of Evil, but there's no character
 called Sloan Jr. in King Lear.
 No, it's Gona Roll's brother.
 And actually when he was making that film,
 I think they lost his nose halfway through production
 and it had been posted and it hadn't come through.
 And they basically halted production on this big Hollywood film
 while they searched every post office in Hong Kong for...
 To find his nose.
 And also was his father.
 It was called Dickhead.
 His name was Richard Hedwells.
 I want to say that.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 Dick Hedwells.
 And he's pretty cool.
 Also was his father.
 He was a kind of inventor and an engineer.
 He invented a glider.
 Get this.
 Which was attached to a steam engine on the ground.
 Okay.
 So it's a plane whose engine is on the ground.
 The plane flies up there and then...
 You know what it feels like?
 What?
 You would have angular momentum on it.
 If you just try to go forward,
 you'd end up going in a circle like those fairground rides.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Maybe.
 But it did not work.
 Well, maybe it worked, but it didn't...
 Didn't catch up.
 It didn't take off.
 Dan, you mentioned the War of the Whales thing.
 Yeah.
 He came a bit depressed afterwards because he said that
 he had two lots of friends.
 One lot of friends had heard the recording and one lot hadn't.
 And anyone who'd heard it would want to tell him everything
 what they thought about it.
 And anyone who hadn't heard it would tell him tediously
 why they hadn't been near a wireless on the day.
 So that everyone he spoke to all wanted to speak to him about that.
 Is that like how you guys feel?
 Like people just come up to you with facts or they go,
 "I've never definitely not only into podcasts."
 A lot more of the latter than the former, I have to say.
 I read an interview with him from 1939 and he said
 that no one has said anything original about that broadcast
 for at least nine months.
 Wow.
 There's a weird coincidence which is that H.G. Wells was in America
 and he was driving around and he got lost.
 And so he pulls over and he goes, "Excuse me,
 so can you help me to find where I'm going?"
 And it's Orson Wells.
 And they established that each other each other.
 And this was not long after Orson Wells had done
 the War of the Worlds.
 But of course he wasn't a big face back then, Orson Wells.
 He was a radio guy.
 He wasn't a big nose, that's for sure.
 You know, he couldn't have gone like,
 "Oh, I'm going to pretend I don't know who Orson Wells is."
 I wonder if H.G. Wells was recognizable.
 Quite possibly from the back of books.
 Were people just less recognizable back in the day?
 Yeah, I guess so.
 You didn't have more, you didn't have
 author jacket photos in the same way that you do these days.
 And as we know,
 author jacket photos are not representative of what someone
 looks like in real life.
 Excuse me?
 Holding up my book.
 Okay, yours is, but most people are not.
 Thank you.
 I also read some newspaper articles from the day
 after the recording went out.
 To see, you know, did it happen?
 Or, you know, was this kind of craziness?
 Did it exist?
 And the Journal Times, I read,
 they collected articles from all over America
 about what had happened.
 And they said that Senator Clyde Herring of Iowa
 had called for more regulation of the press
 as a result of everyone thinking that the Martians
 had attacked, which is pretty typical.
 Apparently in New York,
 one person had called the police and said,
 "I want a gas mask. I'm a taxpayer."
 And the police had said that that had definitely happened.
 And there was a town of concrete,
 which is in Washington state.
 And apparently there was a power cut just at the moment
 the Martians put their death rays into action.
 And this was reported the day after it went out.
 So I think it did happen.
 But the thing was like,
 they did advertise that it was fiction.
 -They said right at the top. -Yeah.
 Awesome Wells comes on at the start and says,
 "This is fictional."
 And then they had four times in the middle,
 they said, "Just to remind you all, this is fictional."
 And then at the end, he comes on and says,
 "By the way, that was a play you just listened to."
 There was a good Radio 4 documentary
 about what happened and how to...
 I mean, there were people who obviously did lose their mind.
 -But it's a tempting myth. -Yeah, yeah, exactly.
 Like the five stages.
 Oh, guys.
 Like it's nice to believe that that would be true.
 Yeah, it's just kind of nice to believe
 that people back in the day were so stupid
 they didn't understand radio.
 "Oh, we've come a long way, we understand radio now."
 Wells...
 So, Dan, you mentioned his most famous film appearance, maybe.
 And certainly maybe the one he's most famous for these days
 is in The Third Man, where he...
 It's in Vienna, it's after the Second World War,
 and it's an amazing...
 That is unmissable.
 And there's a big scene, there's a scene in the sewers of Vienna
 where they're chasing, he's playing this mysterious
 sort of black market dealer and, you know, crook.
 And he's very, very dodgy.
 But they did the filming in the sewers of Vienna,
 and they all went down there.
 They were actually very clean in lots of places,
 and the director had his coffee brought down to him
 on a silver tray by a waiter from one of the old Viennese cafes.
 You know, the only person who refused to go down into the sewers...
 -Awesome Wells. -Awesome Wells.
 And they had to build a fake sewer in Sheperton.
 Wow.
 Is that the famous shot of him, though, in that really, like,
 the really white circle, and it's him in it?
 It's either a body double, or it's Sheperton,
 and everyone else had filmed their bits in Vienna.
 Yeah, I know, but...
 He wouldn't have been able to smell it anyway with his...
 Yeah, he certainly knows.
 I mean, he was at, like, I can't remember what film it was,
 but it was filmed in the Deep South, and that actress was quoted as saying,
 like, it was so hot and sweaty that his nose was, like, falling off.
 My nose is running.
 But, like, he was...
 If he was a woman, he'd be called a diva.
 Like, the things he would refuse to do.
 -He was a divo. -He was a divo, yeah.
 And the guy... I think it's the guy who plays Yago, or Casio,
 wrote a whole book about the experience of filming a fellow
 of, like, how insane and awful it was.
 Like, that was his... kind of made his money on this.
 Yeah, called Casio.
 Yeah. So, one that loves Desmondo and starts off all the trouble.
 He's the one who has that great line, "Beep." Yeah?
 Yes, Andrew. Yes, fellow English literature scholar, yes.
 Oh, apparently when he was directing Othello...
 -Was that a film? -Othello's a film, yeah, yeah.
 Yeah, it's a great film. It's really interesting.
 I think he might have also staged a stage version of Othello,
 because apparently when he was directing that,
 he would push the actors around the stage with a 20-foot pole,
 shouting, "To hell with the method! This is the Wells Way! Act, you sons of bitches!"
 Amazing. Do you know where Orson Wells is buried?
 -No. -No.
 He's buried...
 -Yeah, could we guess? -Yeah, have a guess.
 -Oh. -Oh.
 This is the most famous cemetery I could think of.
 -That's in Paris. -Okay, let me rephrase...
 No, no, no, no, no. You'll like this.
 You'll like this. I'm going to rephrase the question,
 because this is actually the wrong angle.
 Remember a few weeks ago, when we had Sarah Pasco on,
 we talked about the guy who invented Pringles being buried in a Pringles...
 -Tube. -Tube.
 Okay. So, where is Orson Wells buried?
 -In a film canister. -In a film canister.
 -In the Hollywood Hills. -Oh, that's very good.
 He's in the Hollywood sign. They poured him in.
 -Into the O. -Into the O.
 Oh, yeah, yeah, all the three, guys.
 -In a well. -Orson Wells is in a well.
 -Is it? -He's in a well.
 James got it. James got it.
 -No way. -He's buried.
 This is years after his death.
 His daughter brought the ashes of him to Malaga in Spain,
 to a place called Ronda, where he's now on the property
 of a retired bullfighter who he really liked.
 -I've been to Ronda quite recently. -Have you?
 Yeah. That's the end of the anecdote.
 Okay. Orson Wells is in a well.
 -Wow. -In Malaga.
 Yeah. Lovely city, Malaga.
 Is that the end of the anecdote?
 It's surprising, because you think, like,
 you associated with Package Holiday especially,
 since he's really nice.
 It's incredible. The cathedral is called La Manquita, I think,
 which means the woman with one arm.
 And it's because it's got two towers, the cathedral,
 but only one of them was completed.
 -Wow. -So one of them is shorter than the other.
 -Simon Callow, the actor. -Yes.
 He is maybe one of the biggest wells experts on the planet,
 because he's currently writing a biography of Orson Wells.
 He started working on it in 1989,
 when Orson Wells had been dead a few years.
 He thought, "I'll do two volumes, take about three years.
 1992, be done." Great.
 Book one was published in 1995.
 Okay, took a bit longer. Fine.
 Book one, fine. Book two.
 Volume two was in 2006.
 Volume three came out in 2015,
 and he's now working on volume four.
 -Wow. -It's such a huge project.
 He's saying he's done other stuff in between.
 [laughter]
 Four weddings and a few roles in there at some point.
 -He's a busy man. -Pop idol.
 -Is that him? -No, no, no, no.
 Who among us doesn't make that mistake?
 I always make that mistake.
 When it goes to him at the Judges' Chair,
 he's surrounded by books on wells,
 and he's conducting interviews.
 [music playing]
 Okay, that's it. That's all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things we've said over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Shrieberland, Andy...
 @AndrewHunterM, James...
 @JamesHurkin.
 ...and @Cariad.
 @LadyCariad, 'cause I did it a long time ago.
 Because of your dayhood.
 Or @CariadLoyd on Instagram.
 That's all I am.
 Right, and you can also get us on @NoSuchThing.
 Or go to our website, NoSuchThingasafish.com
 and check out all of our previous episodes.
 But most important of all,
 get yourself to an online bookshop
 or a real bookshop to pick up You Are Not Alone.
 Cariad's book all about grief,
 and it's tied in with her podcast, Griefcast.
 So give that a listen as well.
 I'm sure you have already, but get back to it this week.
 Has anyone died? Get back in there, guys.
 But that's it for us for now.
 We'll be back again next week with another episode.
 We'll see you then. Goodbye.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
