 [music]
 Hello everyone and welcome to another episode of Little Fish, the little version of Big Fish,
 no such thing as a fish.
 This is where we look at all the delicious, legible, gorgeous, beautiful facts that you've
 sent into our inbox and we repeat them and get the credit for them.
 My name is Anna Toshinsky and I'm sitting here with James Harkin.
 Hi James.
 Hi Anna, I'm going to credit the people who send them in but fine.
 Oh, is that how we do it?
 Okay, I need to stop claiming these as my own.
 Hi Andrew Hunter Murray.
 Hello.
 I'm also sitting here with you.
 Hello.
 Hi.
 And you're the one who's been compiling all of these facts and sending them through to us.
 It's a team effort but yes.
 Thanks for that.
 You're the quarterback and then we're just all the other irrelevant ones in the team.
 Isn't that how American football works?
 That the quarterback is just the whole team and then everyone else stands there cheering
 with them on.
 A simplification but I see what you're coming from.
 Thank you.
 I've heard some dodgy intro's in my time.
 Most of them by me.
 This one is coming very close to the heights.
 Thank you.
 Well, I learned from the best Andy.
 Very much the water by you have no six things to fish on.
 That's like the worst person in the team.
 We can't even get on the team and has to bring the water to the team.
 Oh.
 Ouch.
 Who are you in the team teams?
 I am the running back.
 Okay.
 Yeah, I put in the leg work.
 And who's Dan?
 Dan is the little kid who comes on at the start of the match to sing "God Save America."
 Yeah.
 Is that what it's called?
 Yes.
 God save America.
 I don't know why people came up with their own Nestle Anthems when you could literally
 just put your own country name.
 God save the Central African Republic.
 It works.
 It absolutely works.
 It works.
 All right.
 Should we do some fight?
 Oh yeah.
 No, I think we're out of time.
 I'm afraid.
 Can I do a quiz?
 Oh yeah.
 You know what?
 My quizzes on this are usually a little bit oblique and difficult to get.
 So we'll go for a simple one.
 What is the capital of Egypt?
 Cairo.
 Incorrect.
 Oh.
 Hannah.
 Is it Aswan?
 Good knowledge of another place in Egypt, but no, it isn't.
 I only know one more.
 It's the new capital.
 What?
 The new capital.
 Okay.
 It's just called the new capital.
 Sorry.
 So Egypt has got itself a new capital.
 And it's called it the new capital.
 What going on?
 That's very good.
 Basically, they decided to move the government out of Cairo because Cairo was getting
 so big, compared to the rest of the country, they thought if we move a lot of the stuff to
 another place, a new special city, like lots of countries have done that.
 Yes.
 And we will, for now, just call it the new capital.
 And over the years, they've tried to come up with new names, but they've just been unable
 to keep having, they keep having like competitions where someone can name the city and then no
 good answers come.
 So they just, they think that maybe they might call it a Memphis after the old capital
 of.
 Oh, nice.
 I think new Memphis will be absolutely fine on something like New York or, or even a
 lot of places you can do that with.
 So.
 Well, New York, of course, wasn't named after New York.
 New York, no.
 What?
 New York was named after the Duke of York.
 Not Prince Andrew.
 Andrew, I'm back in Windsor.
 As you know.
 Not him.
 I did not know that.
 He's serious.
 And then they kept the new because it was called New Amsterdam.
 Oh, wow.
 It was named after Old York.
 That's a great fact.
 That's a thing that's named after a person.
 Oh, my God.
 I'm doing it by accident now.
 It's a book.
 But other places that are called capital, Seoul means capital in Korean, Astana means capital
 in Kazak, Beijing means Northern capital in much Chinese, some kind of Chinese.
 And Kyoto means capital city, but isn't the capital.
 Tokyo is the other way around, isn't it?
 Yeah, but that tall means I think Eastern or Western or Northern or something.
 Oh, okay.
 Okay.
 Because tall means different.
 It has different meanings.
 Okay, got it.
 But yeah, Kyoto means capital city.
 Is that a capital city?
 It used to be the capital.
 Yes, it was.
 Yeah, it has been the capital, but Tokyo means like, let's say it's Eastern capital.
 So the cure means capital, but then the tall meant Eastern.
 So nice.
 So good.
 So it's not that unusual.
 That's great.
 Did you say who sent that in?
 I'm not a cent, of course, by David Lifeertilly because I always credit the people.
 I said the opposite.
 Just to say, like I always do, I would never, ever forget that because that would be a terrible
 thing to do.
 No indeed, especially after I've just made a big deal of it.
 Here's one.
 This is about a place name.
 It's not as famous as Kyoto and not as famous as Cairo, but it's a place which our correspondent
 Dan Cahantsby lives about 10 minutes from and it's Buttsville, New Jersey.
 Dan Daffer, obviously, Nikki Butts, the footballer.
 Well, it's named after a man named LL Butts.
 Oh, yeah.
 Okay.
 By his father, Michael Robert Butts.
 Butts with the Z.
 Butts with the Z.
 Yeah, yeah, B.U.
 T.T. Z.
 Population about 200.
 So it was named after someone by that person's dad as sort of a gift to his son.
 Yes, Michael Butts named it after his son, LL.
 Badly named.
 Yeah, yeah.
 And just that's New Jersey for you.
 Only two famous LLs then.
 Him and Cool J, hey.
 Yeah, LL.
 Cool J, of course, is shot for ladies love Cool James.
 And I think the same is true.
 LL Butts.
 Yeah.
 He just loves Butts.
 Yeah.
 I suppose.
 Never a true word was spoken.
 Yeah.
 Oh, that's very good.
 LL middle name big Butts.
 Brackets and I cannot lie.
 So there you go.
 I've got a fact here from Jill Rogers.
 Oh, yeah.
 No, Jill Rogers said that my fact is that vampires are a recession indicator.
 Oh, vampires, you get the worst.
 The economy's going.
 Interesting.
 So the last big vampire thing I would say would have been Twilight.
 Yeah.
 And did that come true in the financial crisis?
 It did.
 It did.
 Now, I don't like to read out someone's fact and then take a slight issue with it.
 Yes, that's the example that she uses along with a few other vampire things that were released
 during that particular recession.
 And I was it could just be that that was a time when vampires were trendy and it happened
 to come inside with a recession.
 But apparently this is a big pop culture theory.
 What about that sort of like vampire stuff with Michael Jackson and stuff, right?
 You know, thriller and all that kind of thing.
 Oh.
 And it's just general spooky stuff in thriller, isn't it?
 Because I thought that might coincide with like Margaret Thatcher closing the mining pits.
 Nice.
 Maybe but it was in America it was more wrong of Reagan, he wasn't he?
 I don't know.
 Yeah.
 How he left the economy.
 I think it's these kind of stretches which lead to the curious combination of things and
 rice, nice.
 Don't know.
 Not cited here.
 What about John Polidori who wrote the first ever vampire story in Lake Geneva with Byron
 and Mary Shelley and Percy Shelley when she wrote Frankenstein and that was because there
 was the year without a summer.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 1816 because of volcano head erupted and crops ruined everywhere unquestionably a recession.
 Yeah.
 So I'm surprised it doesn't cite that.
 That would have made a case site and the other like are we doing all the hard work here
 or what?
 You are.
 Yeah.
 And it is hard work, Jill.
 So next time she mostly is citing a theory.
 She says that this was dropped in my opinion too casually by my friend who works in publishing
 when I was talking about the wild coincidence that a bunch of my favourite authors announced
 their next books would be vampire based, even though they'd never done vampires before.
 So she says does this mean another assertion is coming.
 She also asks Andy as a fiction writer have you ever been pressured to add some vampires
 to your works?
 I've never been asked to add anything supernatural to any of mine.
 Haven't you?
 No.
 Maybe my work.
 Maybe consider it.
 Next time.
 Anyway.
 No.
 That is a great fact and I liked digging into it even though it is a potentially spurious
 correlation causation.
 It's definitely something that a lot of people online think.
 I think we came up with two examples there.
 One rice and that right coal mine stuff and the polydory thing.
 I think that actually I'm starting to think it holds water.
 Okay.
 Well done.
 Yeah.
 My thing was more about Michael Jackson.
 Yeah.
 And I don't actually know when I'd rice wrote interview with a vampire cell.
 But that's how I played that.
 So I thought it was probably earlier than that, but I might be wrong.
 It's not important.
 This isn't the really heavy fact based show.
 This is the.
 I'm just speculation.
 If we are going to win the Nobel Prize for economics, then we might as well get it
 right.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 Here is one from Tommy Curran Jones and this he says is an architectural irony fact and
 it is the buildings in the flamboyant style and flamboyant means flaming.
 Keep catching fire.
 Great.
 Okay.
 So he gives us some examples, non-cavedral collegiate church of Saint Wolfran in Abbeville.
 Arrest Town Hall in Arrest, the Palais de Justice in Ruan and Ruan Cathedral, Chartres Cathedral,
 basically all of these French places and a lot of them burnt down and Tommy says whether
 they burnt down so frequently because of their name or because they're 600 year old buildings
 largely made of timber.
 I'll leave up to you.
 That is great.
 Stop doing stuff in the flamboyant style.
 Flamboyant.
 I didn't know that meant anything.
 No.
 I've never heard that.
 What does it make sense?
 Yeah.
 When you say that loud, yeah, you think of course, but I just never made that connection.
 I do need to say who wrote it in.
 It was Tommy.
 Tommy Curran Jones.
 Tommy.
 And he says that's an ironic buildings fact.
 Yes, he does.
 Which if we're really nitpicking, it's not, of course, it's opposite, isn't it, not irony,
 if something called flamboyant is certain fire, it's the opposite of irony.
 But that is not to take away from how amazing the fact is.
 Well, I'm sorry.
 Tommy, you've been that tish-and-skid.
 Yeah.
 I kept it very positive, I think.
 Yeah, yeah.
 I think anyone's egos have been damaged there.
 All right.
 Well, let's see if you can tish-and-skid this one.
 I know this is from Eva O'Donnell.
 And it's about a place called Bell Harbor, which is a little town on the west coast of Ireland,
 right?
 There's a nearby town called Ennis Timon.
 And one night, some locals in Ennis Timon, which had only two houses with wireless, at
 the time this happened, right?
 Two radios in the whole village.
 Oh, sorry.
 Sorry.
 The wireless has a different meaning these days.
 Sorry.
 This is several decades ago.
 Some locals were in Ennis Timon on a wild December night.
 They were trying to listen to the events of the Second World War, despite the...
 Oh, did you hear that?
 That was a big bang.
 What was that?
 But through...
 To a news article.
 To a news article.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Radio news.
 And then through the hissing and interference, they gathered to their consternation that a
 nation on the far side of the globe had had the audacity to bomb Bell Harbor.
 They didn't panic.
 They set about barricading the roads and preparing for the Japanese invasion of Ennis Timon.
 They were all sure it was coming.
 Because obviously nobody in Ennis Timon had heard of Pearl Harbor, but they heard Bal Harbor
 has been bombed by huge Japanese air fleet.
 And so...
 And that would be assumed.
 Yep.
 It's quite egotistical, don't you think, to think, rather than the fact that there might even
 be another place called Bell Harbor somewhere, because it's not that unusual in name.
 It's true, but they blocked the roads with rubble and they got on a ray of weapons together
 and they stayed up all night, preparing for the Japanese onslaught.
 No.
 Yeah.
 I wonder if they would have won.
 Well, it's one of the great "What Might Have Beans" affiliates.
 It's what if Japan had decided to evade the west coast of Ireland?
 Here's another one.
 This is from J.O. James.
 This email says, "Hey guys, long time listener and long time fact-submitter-outch, hoping
 that the timeliness of this one makes it more interesting than the drivel I've shared
 before."
 Oh, I feel like I would remember that name if J.O. had gotten before.
 That's a cool name, isn't it?
 It is.
 I think it's J.O.
 Short for Georgina.
 Because I know one of those, but a very cool shortening.
 Well, it's a surname that I thought was most cool.
 J.O. James.
 Yeah.
 He's one of the James.
 Yeah, yeah.
 No.
 Not getting that.
 Of L.L. Cool, Fade.
 Anyway, don't do yourself down, J.O. I'm sure your other facts were great, but I love
 this one.
 She says, "Whenever the Swedish National Football Team plays the Danish National Football
 Team, the scoreboard reads SWEDN as in Sweden, but she then says, and here's a quiz
 for you. This is also true of a few other team combinations.
 Can you see if you can guess them all?"
 And she lists three.
 I haven't checked if this is all of them, but I suspect it is.
 How are we going to guess?
 Can you give us half of it?
 Awesome thing.
 Oh, what a good idea.
 I'll give you half of it.
 So, Andora is the second half.
 Who are Andora playing to make this combination?
 Poland.
 Poland.
 Really good.
 Oh.
 Poland and Dora.
 Yeah.
 Very good.
 Although, Andy, of course, was the one who read these emails initially.
 I thought everything.
 No, no, no, no, no.
 In any quiz, sometimes you can work out the answer, but mostly you get it, because you've
 heard it somewhere before.
 Just because Andy literally heard it this morning before, he said, "You're those emails."
 Does it make it any different than if I heard it on the radio 12 years ago?
 We'll look at one, then.
 Let's see.
 Here we go.
 These are such a good collection.
 Okay.
 So, it is if Tanzania is playing Bhutan, can very good, yes.
 Come on.
 One way.
 Bhutan, one, all.
 Okay.
 This is the decider.
 Also, I would say that Bhutan and Tanzania have never played each other at football.
 I'm very happy to say that.
 In theory.
 I actually saw someone in a Tanzania shirt two days ago.
 And that's why you got that right?
 It's not amazing.
 That's really cool.
 I've never seen anyone in a Tanzania shirt before in my whole life.
 That's so weird.
 I wouldn't recognise one.
 It says, "In massive letters, Tanzania on the front."
 I still wouldn't get it.
 It's like, "Is that a Bhutan shirt?"
 So, if Russia...
 Belarus.
 No.
 Hold on.
 Yeah.
 If Russia were playing someone, this is the hardest one.
 This is a really tough country to get.
 You've probably forgotten this as a country, no offense to those who live there.
 And...
 Something that ends in the R.U.S. though, right?
 Yes.
 So, that can't be that hard.
 There's only 193 countries.
 Let's start from alphabetically from the beginning.
 You should get there quite soon if you start alphabetically.
 Serious, the cloud.
 The Cypress.
 Well done, James.
 The Cypress as well.
 Yeah, but in Russia, we're playing a Serious cloud.
 Well, it was a good assist.
 Yeah, you knocked it over, and then I headed the edit.
 But you weren't intending to knock it over.
 You were intending to hit it straight at the flood lights.
 And you accidentally sliced it over, and it landed right on my head and went in the goal.
 That's a beautiful cross from Andy.
 He looks surprised.
 The goal post, I don't know what's going on.
 Okay.
 What about another one?
 Is it my turn?
 Tambi.
 Tambi, it's gonna be.
 This is a song.
 We've reached that part of the show.
 Where Anna does her song.
 You've got it out every time.
 This week is the week is going in.
 Why are you on the phone?
 Sorry, this is a fact.
 Did you just read the word factor's song?
 I think you'll see why I said it.
 Well, I tell you that this person's name, he said this thing, is Rae Toon's Samonson.
 And Samonson has a lot of the same letters as the word songs.
 And also I'm very tired.
 And he says that I was just listening to you talking about toothpicks, as we were recently.
 And I thought I should mention that the world's largest factory of wooden toothpicks is at Flissa in Norway.
 Or rather was, it's been closed down and it actually closes down at the end of this year.
 So get there quickly if you need to Andy.
 The closing was announced in October 2025.
 But it's obviously taking a while to wind down.
 The factory was churning out over a billion wooden toothpicks a year at that time.
 So God knows where it's closing if it's churning out that many.
 Maybe the demand dropped off, I don't know.
 Maybe you can plastic toothpicks these days.
 Yeah.
 You can, yeah, the modern, thank God plastic was invented a couple of years back to allow for that.
 I guess they're probably making them in another country which has more accessible and cheap wood.
 I think it might be that.
 Good point, yeah, yeah.
 But they do have at this factory the world's largest wooden toothpick.
 Is that, no, that's just like a tree, right?
 How do you use, how do you use a usable as a toothpick?
 It would be a toothpick.
 I sure don't know if it is usable as a lever, me just told it doesn't say I'll thin.
 But it does have to be quite thin, doesn't it?
 If it's sharp enough at the end, you can use it as a toothpick that just doesn't go all the way in.
 Do you know what I mean?
 Like if the end gets absolutely too, a level of no tooth.
 It could taper to normal toothpick level.
 Yeah.
 And then in that way, Bill, you could just get an enormous telegraph pole and stick a toothpick up the top.
 That's true. That's true.
 It's basically the same thing.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 I stupidly had to look it up to see how thin it was.
 I do like the fact that it's the world's largest toothpick factory and they have the world's largest toothpick.
 That's pretty cool.
 Yeah, and this person also goes on to say, by the way, Flissa in Norwegian,
 while a place name also translates to the wooden splinter.
 That's crazy.
 And I think, well, he says coincidence, probably not.
 Probably not.
 So they probably named it after the toothpicks.
 But who knows, maybe it's one for the book.
 Oh, I don't think so, no, no, no, no.
 Okay, too good.
 Let's segue into the bit where we give you some facts.
 So this is the part where we take some custodians to custode various facts,
 but you've said on the podcast over the years.
 And these go to people who are members of our highest tier, the friends of the podcast tier.
 So without further ado, should we start dishing out facts?
 I'll go first. This one goes out to Michael Medlin, what a brilliant name, Michael.
 Michael Medlin, this is a Christmas effect for you.
 And it's that when it gets really cold, Christmas trees can turn to glass.
 So cool.
 So the Christmas trees, but I suppose they could also be a Christmas ornament.
 Because they're often made of glass.
 Yes.
 And it's about the sap when it's really, really cold in these northern forests.
 Their cells might rupture.
 So the molecules kind of freeze so they don't rupture.
 And glass is like a technical term of like something that's not quite solid and not quite liquid.
 Yes, people say that stained glass is a liquid.
 Like I can never remember what the latest agreement or disagree with.
 It's not liquid.
 No, so it's a bit thicker at the bottom, but that's because if you made something that was a bit thicker,
 you wouldn't put the thick part at the top.
 And it was hard to make flat glass.
 But glass is a, it's a state of matter.
 It's not quite solid, not quite liquid.
 Yeah, not a solid.
 So you're halfway there when you say it's a liquid.
 No, you're not.
 You're just wrong.
 Yeah, cool.
 Here is one that is now under the custodianship of Lassie Haveland.
 And Lassie, your fact is that one of the contenders for the 2015 Christmas charts
 was a prog rock album by Pope Francis.
 So cool.
 Very cool.
 This is quite a classic downy type fact.
 He looks a Pope.
 He loves a Pope doing a pop culture, unexpected thing.
 He loves a wacky Pope.
 Prog rock as well.
 Yeah, but then what would you expect?
 You wouldn't expect the Pope to go into, you know, J-pop.
 J-pop.
 No, that's probably the most unlikely.
 It's the most prog rock if I had to pick a popular genre.
 But I would have thought it would just be classical bangers.
 You know, plain song or plain chant or whatever it's called.
 Here's a fact for Lizzie.
 And this is the fact that Czech dear still avoid crossing the iron curtain
 between Germany and the Czech Republic.
 Nice.
 Amazing, because the commies.
 It's quite confusing that the Czech Republic was bordering West Germany, obviously,
 which is why there was a border there.
 But because obviously Czechoslovakia was on the east of Germany.
 But it's when you forget that East Germany was only northeast Germany, wasn't it?
 So actually the whole of Bavaria is all East Germany, but that was West Germany.
 Because West Germany was else shaped?
 Yeah, exactly.
 Yes, exactly.
 It's confusing.
 And that is something I have not considered enough.
 They didn't do it right.
 I don't know how they screwed it up.
 It's like the West really did one over on the east there.
 And Berlin wasn't like the bit on the border or anything, was it?
 No, that's way in the East Germany.
 But you always think, because there was like checkpoints there,
 and you had to go from East Germany to West Germany.
 But actually that was just like a little island.
 Yeah.
 So a little conclave and clave, whatever you call it.
 But yes, these poor dear.
 Anyone over the age of 50 will be like, yeah.
 Yes, I think that's obviously here.
 So that's a good fact, enjoy that Lizzy.
 Great fact.
 Here's another one that goes up to Christina L. Forus.
 Christina, your fact, now and forever, is that if every car in Monaco decided to go for a drive at the same time,
 they wouldn't fit on the roads.
 That is such a great fact.
 There's a fun fact about the, I suppose the fact that Monaco is quite small
 and Monaco people drive a lot of, have a lot of cars.
 Yeah.
 More cars per capita than anywhere else.
 I was thinking about this the other day, I was in a theme park in Spain.
 And like you're in the, in the queues all the time.
 And I wondered if they deliberately make sure that the queues are a certain length,
 so that everyone isn't just wandering around the theme park.
 And we know that some people are going to be in the queues.
 What do you mean, how do they make sure the queues are a certain length?
 Well, like they might slow down the number of people who get on.
 So the queue gets to, so they get to like 30 minutes or something.
 And then you know that you'll have a certain number of people queuing at any one time,
 which means like the concession stands won't get too busy and all that kind of stuff.
 I think you're crediting theme park designers with even more of the website than they have.
 No, I don't know.
 I think theme park design is like one of the most academic things that you can get into.
 Yeah.
 That's good.
 That's a good, yeah.
 It's a new, new, a fusion people who don't quite pass the final exams.
 They're told, well, we do have some jobs thought park.
 It's like, oh, you're a rocket scientist.
 Oh, dear.
 Oh, you're a brain surgeon.
 Oh, dear.
 Yeah.
 I make sure people have to stand in queue for 45 minutes so other people can get hot dogs.
 Really doing good.
 So great.
 Great fact.
 Okay.
 Here is one that is now under the custodianship of Michael.
 Hargreaves and Michael.
 Your fact is that the Pennsylvania town of Centralia or Centralia has been on fire.
 Sorry.
 I just read these for the first time.
 Has been on fire since 1962.
 Just no one's bothered to put it out.
 Is it still on fire?
 Can anyone check?
 Oh, check now.
 It must be.
 What was it like a seam of coal, I guess, these things usually are?
 Yes.
 They set some rubbish on fire, but it was just above a seam of coal mines that they didn't know existed.
 Centralia is on fire still.
 Great.
 Although Centralia has been mostly abandoned due to it.
 Apparently, as of 2017, it still has a population of five.
 Okay.
 Well, if you're one of those five, do write it.
 Do write in.
 Well done.
 Love those five people.
 Stick it out.
 Some of the fire engines will come eventually, weren't they?
 Brilliant.
 So good.
 I was actually reading, I'm reading such a good book called Sovietistan about all the storms.
 And it opens with the first hand description of the, all the going to the gates of hell in Turkmenistan.
 You know, that fire that's been amazing, huge fire that's been blazing for about 55 years.
 But I love those everlasting fires on earth.
 It's crazy they exist.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Here's one for Rachel Gilbert.
 Rachel enjoyed this fact.
 This fact is that the first recorded traffic casualty was a Roman pig who was run over by a chariot carrying an ornamental fallace.
 Great fact.
 And, actually, it's not that unlikely.
 Once you're in Rome, most chariots probably carried ornamental fallaces, didn't they?
 But it was a big one, I think.
 I think this point was, this was the whole load in the chariot was an ornamental fallace.
 Yeah.
 It was, it was for a festival.
 That's it.
 It was for a festival and...
 Huge parking in town, like in a headlight.
 That's very good.
 Which, you know, gets both aspects in.
 Absolutely.
 No parking signs everywhere.
 And for the whole family.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, I like it.
 Oh, that's really good.
 Can you remember where we parked?
 I was like... I'm gonna forget.
 Wow, you guys are all fine with these parking parking shows.
 Honestly, I'm just sitting back and watching in admiration.
 This one goes out to Marin Berthelsen.
 Marin, your fact is that...
 Well, it's a sad one because time has moved on since then.
 But your fact is that one in three people in the UK has seen the Queen in real life.
 We're talking here about the true Queen. Queen Elizabeth II.
 They're never gonna come on the show now.
 King Prince Charles and Danela.
 I did think that it would be a really awesome thing to have like a Queen tribute act called Camilla.
 That's so funny.
 Very good.
 I basically, I thought of that joke the other day and I thought if I ever do an hour of stand-up,
 it'll all be built around that one.
 Oh, yeah.
 You've got your tent hold there. Now you just need to fill the ring.
 You've got your ornamental fallace.
 Fill it right up.
 Yeah, but that's true. I mean, I saw the Queen in real life.
 And I think you did too.
 And I did.
 Yes, I'm just discussing at the time when I was a baby.
 Danela, I think I'm touched.
 The Queen and we are, you're not supposed to mention it.
 It's not minted, it's famous.
 But Australian, those in Australian, was it an Aussie PM or...
 I don't know, it might have been an American PM.
 No, it wasn't Aussie.
 Who was all like, "All right, mate, I'm cool. I'll just treat the Queen like any other bloke."
 You're a piggyback or something.
 I'm incredibly inappropriate.
 He's just a shailer.
 Who was it? Was it Rodel Turnbull or one of the...
 I can't remember.
 It was about 20 years ago, I think.
 It wasn't really a gillard, we know that.
 It wasn't.
 Okay, is it just one more?
 Just one more.
 Okay, well, this week, the last fact custodian is David Addis and David,
 your fact is that people used to hang their fridges from...
 Oh, yes.
 People used to hang their fridges from the ceiling.
 And then I see originator Andrew Hunter Murray.
 What are you on about?
 I'm very proud of this one.
 People used to have these cool boxes for food,
 but obviously rats would get into them if you kept them on the floor.
 What about bats?
 There's a big bat problem.
 Yeah.
 So they would hang them from the ceiling from a bit of rope or wire or something
 and then that meant you could store your food.
 Nice and cool.
 What era are we talking?
 Can you remember?
 This is 17th and 18th century fridges.
 Okay.
 So we're way before powered fridges.
 You've got a cold box, basically, reasonably cold box.
 Yeah, this was all about early refrigeration.
 Great fact.
 Well, enjoy that one, David.
 And thank you so much for your own say something.
 Can I just say quickly?
 1992, it was Paul Keating, who touched the Queen,
 by putting his arm around her.
 And there was a later bit in 2000 where John Howard was accused of
 but denied touching the Queen.
 I'm looking at the John Howard picture because you've got a BBC news up here.
 Yeah.
 And he's doing the thing where you put your arm around someone,
 but you deliberately don't touch them.
 Yes, he sort of has a father.
 He's hovering.
 He's gesturing her over here.
 And they have got a picture of the previous PM Paul Keating.
 He's doing a little tickle.
 Yeah.
 And he was nicknamed the lizard evolves as a result by the British press.
 Oh, harsh.
 He's just being friendly.
 It's cracking headline.
 Yeah, it's good.
 I suppose so.
 Yeah.
 But then he did stick his long tongue down her ear.
 There's a fly flew in there.
 Oh, sorry.
 He's a lizard.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 I mean, if anyone in the encounter was a lizard,
 it will be a British royal.
 We know that.
 Okay, I think we should wrap up on that and say thank you so much to everyone
 who has sent in your facts that we read out at the start of this show.
 And thank you also to our friends of the podcast who are now custodians of various facts.
 And so those people this week are Michael Medlin, lassie, haveland,
 Lizzie, Christina L4s, Michael Hargreaves, Rachel Gilbert,
 Marin Berthelsson and David Addis.
 Please take care of those facts as best you possibly can.
 If you want to get one of your facts read out on this show,
 all you've got to do is write in to podcast@QI.com
 and you will read it, decide if it's good enough, we might read it out.
 And if you want to receive one of our facts, join the top tier, friend of the podcast.
 You'll not only get a fact to look after, you will get a certificate
 with that fact written on it that you can frame on your wall
 and brag about to all your mates.
 Thank you so much, everyone, for listening to this episode of Little Fish.
 Join us again next week for another episode or joins at the end of this week
 for a big fish, no such thing as a fish episode.
 And we'll see you in one of those locations or somewhere else along the road.
 Goodbye from me?
 Goodbye from you?
 I'll be honest.
 Yep.
 The intro wasn't great.
 You haven't pulled it back.
 I feel like I was close. Where do I lose it?
 It was halfway through.
 Yeah.
 Ah, okay.
 So about five minutes ago.
 All right, well, I'll leave James to edit all those words into an order
 that is a decent valediction and see you again.
 Tarar.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC]
