 [MUSIC]
 >> Hello, and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast this week coming to you live from Philadelphia.
 [APPLAUSE]
 >> My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I am sitting here with Anna Chazinski, Andrew Hunter Murray, and James Harkin.
 And once again we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts from the last seven days.
 And in no particular order, here we go, starting with you, Andy.
 My fact is that the star of the film Candy Man, where a character has bees coming out of his mouth,
 negotiated a $1,000 bonus for every time he got stung.
 He ended up with $23,000.
 >> Wow.
 >> How bad is it to be stung by a bee?
 Do you think you'd be deliberately angering the bees so that you got a few more stings that they've been mumbling or not?
 >> I would, but that says more about me than it does about me.
 Yeah, although in the mouth, I imagine it would be a lot more painful than normal.
 So this is Candy Man, this is Tony Todd.
 This is a kind of cult horror film.
 And one of the inspirations was from the Johnny Carson show,
 where there was a man called Norman Gary, who was a bee-based performer.
 And he had an act where he played the clarinet while covered in bees.
 And people loved this.
 And he then became the bee wrangler, the official bee person on Candy Man.
 >> Yeah. >> And I think it's him and Tony Todd,
 they're the only two people to have done all three Candy Man films is the star and the bee guy.
 >> Can you explain what Candy Man is, because I haven't seen it, so.
 >> It's, Dan, you watch it like a child.
 >> Yeah, yeah, it's a horror film.
 There's a guy who has a hook, and if you say his name into a mirror five times, he kills you.
 So in theory, you shouldn't do that, but people they do.
 >> They're then.
 >> Yeah, but it's times if we said it itself, I don't understand.
 >> But it was written by Clive Barker, the great horror writer.
 I think he did Hellraiser as well.
 And the bees that they use, actually, there is a logic.
 It wasn't bees that were just ready and furious and waiting to sting.
 They made sure that the bees were only 12 hours old.
 So imagine you've just been born.
 And just suddenly in a Hollywood movie, it's incredible.
 And so yeah, so they went into the mouth.
 And the idea is that the stings wouldn't be sharpened up.
 Even when he was stung, it wouldn't have the sting of, say, 14-hour old bee.
 And once they'd done each take, the bees would be vacuumed up using a tiny bee vacuum
 to do you know that you can get a bee vacuum cleaner?
 How's that different from a normal vacuum cleaner?
 >> I think it's just a little bit kinder on the bees, I would guess.
 >> It was a mini one.
 I guess it was different because it's a bee size.
 Not like a bee would use it as a vacuum cleaner.
 >> And they'd be sucked up and then returned to their dressing room.
 For the sort of to await the next take.
 >> Wow.
 >> They didn't have their own dressing room.
 They do mean a wooden box.
 >> I think.
 >> Yeah, well, you've seen our dressing room tonight, that's.
 >> It's full of bees.
 >> But actually, the main thing is with this beading thing,
 which is what the clarinetist did, okay.
 So what you do is you get a queen bee and you put it in a little cage by your face.
 And then all of the other bees kind of come along because they like the queen bee so much
 and they hang around your face.
 And the way that you get them off normally is you spend maybe a couple of hours
 getting them on so you have a massive bee beard and then you just jump in the air.
 And when you land, all the bees just disappear.
 They just stop holding onto your face.
 >> That's amazing, does that not irritate them?
 >> A little bit, you might get stung a few times.
 But then you walk backwards and someone's kind of firing smoke in your face
 so that they're getting a bit sleepy, a little bit drowsy, and then you can get away.
 >> That's so crafty, cool.
 >> Really, that's so weird, because Virginia Madden, who I think was the lead female character
 in the film, said it used to take ages for there to be ranked as the sweet the bees are.
 >> Well, yeah, because what they did with them is they kind of smeared their face in the pheromone.
 And so the bees just really did not want to leave them.
 She said that it basically, you have pheromones on them, so they're all in love with you, all the bees.
 That's nice, isn't it?
 >> She was allergic to bees, I think.
 >> She was very slightly, wasn't she?
 >> The director said, no, you're not, you're just afraid.
 This guy Norman Gary, the bee wrangler, he has a Guinness World Record that is obviously
 be related, but it is for most bees in a mouth.
 >> Wow, really?
 >> How many guesses?
 >> I would say about 14.
 >> 14?
 >> 14.
 >> 16.
 >> 16.
 >> 16.
 >> 16.
 >> 16.
 >> 16.
 >> Okay.
 >> By an incredibly dubious method, Dan Wins.
 >> But you're still out, he had 109 live bees in his mouth at one time.
 And you get a sponge soaked in sugar, and they like that, obviously, so they always seek
 that out, so you can sort of train them to go where you want them to go by that with that
 sponge.
 So then he put it in his mouth, you have to close your mouth for 10 seconds for the record
 to be valid, so they're all in there, and then you put a mesh cage up to your lips, you
 blow them all into the cage at the same time, then you close the bag, and then you to do
 the count, you have to allow them to escape one by one while you're telling them.
 >> One by one.
 >> Until then, you don't know if you've got the record, because you've just got to let a bee's
 in your mouth.
 It's easier to count them out than it is to count them in, I guess.
 >> Yeah, I see that.
 >> Hey, I was looking into horror movies generally, because I realize I just don't know much about
 sort of like the behind the scenes of movies.
 I found this really fun fact, which is the Omen, the movie The Omen, so Damien, who is, it's
 now the classic name for, yeah, so he wasn't meant to be called Damien.
 >> Oh, no.
 >> Yeah, originally, the screenwriter, David Celtser, he wanted to name the anti-Christ
 Domlin, D-O-M-L-I-N, and the reason he wanted to call him Domlin is because he knew
 a Domlin who was a totally obnoxious brat, he said.
 It was a friend, it was the child of a friend of his, and it was his wife, the screenwriter's
 wife, who went, you can't fucking do this to Domlin, immortalize him as the anti-Christ
 in a movie.
 >> It's not, they're not going to go, well, it might be another Domlin.
 >> Yeah, exactly.
 >> So it's Damien, yeah, it should have been Domlin.
 >> Wow.
 But not all the Damians get that, it seems unfair.
 >> But at least there are all the Damians, there's not just one Damien at the world, he knows
 it's about him.
 >> They used to have a lot of horror movies within Sexon, like this one Candy Man with
 the Bees, with it between 1966 and 1978, there were six major films featuring Bees as
 the main horror in that film.
 One of them was called The Swarm, and the Sunday Times has said it's the worst film ever made.
 Richard Velt in the Wilmington Morning Star said, "The Swarm may not be the worst movie ever
 made.
 I'll have to see them all to be sure, but it's certainly as bad as any I've ever seen."
 All the actors involved in this fiasco should be ashamed.
 Apparently, it's absolutely awful, it's got Michael Cain in it.
 It costs tons, it was really expensive, the budget was like 20 million.
 He came out in the same year as Star Wars, which was made for a lot less money, and is basically
 about a load of killer bees.
 Now, the American Bee Association decided to do a cease and desist to the Swarm for defaming
 the American Honey Bee, and as a result, at the end of the movie, there's a disclaimer
 saying that the killer bees in the film are no resemblance to real crop pollinating honey
 bees.
 I thought it was some resemblance.
 I was reading about the Swarm too, it does sound absolutely amazing, it's two hours and
 forty minutes long, which is hefty.
 Michael Cain said that he only did it because his mother needed a house to live in.
 It's quite sweet, but also, they kept finding all the way through the film, because they
 filmed it with nearly a million bees, so it was a big huge cast, basically.
 Huge got one, the credits at the end, B1, B2, B3.
 But the cast and the crew, they kept finding little yellow dots on their clothing because
 of all the bees, and Michael Cain would eat that, before eventually being informed that
 that was not honey he was eating, but that was just bee excrement that he'd casually been
 snacking on throughout the filming.
 Wow.
 That's when you do need a bee with a little vacuum cleaner, don't you?
 The cleaner bee.
 Another horror film, which involves animals going nuts, was the birds, and they had a bird
 trainer in the birds, and in fact he's called Ray Berrick, and he trained all birds in
 all films that you've seen with birds in for about twenty years, so like the Birdman of
 Alcatraz is another big one, and he had such cool tricks, so I don't know if you've seen
 the birds, but there are lots of scenes where the birds fly towards the lens of the camera
 and attack it, and they put meat in the lenses of the camera, so the birds would fly at it.
 Cool.
 But if you read, it's quite weird, because there are no special effects in that, so they
 just had these birds attacking them all the time, and the lead actor in it said it was Rod Taylor
 who was the lead actor, who said there was one particular raven who absolutely hated him,
 and ravens do take against people, we've discussed this before, so he said he'd get up, go
 on to say every day, this raven would immediately turn up next to him, and go and then start just
 biting him, manically, and every day on set he'd say, look, is Archie working today?
 Archie being the raven, and he'd always turn up, and it was really sad because Tippie
 Hedren, who was his co-star, also had a relationship with a raven, but she had a really nice one,
 so a raven befriended her, loved her, they couldn't actually use that raven in the film because
 it was too nice.
 But if you watch it, if you watch the movie, and they're all attacking it, but one of them
 is just kind of unhushed, they just leave them alone, leave them alone!
 Okay, it is time for fact number two, and that is my fact, my fact this week is that
 as well as using crash test dummies, Volvo tests its cars with a crash test moose, they have
 a crash test moose, which as far as I can tell is called moose-us, so this is done in Sweden,
 they have a 790 pound moose surrogate and they make it from a stack of 114 rubber discs,
 and the idea is that it's sort of sitting in front of a car, so rather that's not the moose
 inside the car as a crash test dummy, it's sitting in a distance, and they ram the car into
 it, and it's blaze itself all over the car, so it's just to show the damage that's being
 done to the car.
 Because actually it's really, it's really important isn't it, because if you're driving
 along and there's an animal in the way, a lot of people say really the best thing to do
 is not to swear by the way, because you might hit a tree or another car, you basically
 should keep going, but with a moose you definitely shouldn't do that, and the reason being
 I'm a shop people here know, but basically they've got spindly legs and a massive big fuck off
 body, and so you go into those legs and they just like match sticks just go and then the
 body just hits you at the right height to go right into you, and it's really, really dangerous.
 There is amazing footage of the crash tests happening, and it's yeah, the top of the car
 just gets taken out basically, but I think there are, yeah, did you say there are two of
 these?
 No, only two on the planet, but they are both in Sweden basically.
 Well, you do need it in Sweden, because that's where they have a lot of moose, of course.
 I'm not saying it's a bad idea, I think, yeah, yeah, no, it's a very good idea. I'm surprised
 there isn't one in Canada to be honest. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So, but the thing with moose
 in Sweden is there are so many moose in Sweden that if you're travelling across a highway,
 you will pass within a thousand feet of a moose every 23 seconds on average. But it's just
 one moose and he's really fast. It isn't that amazing actually. Yeah, incredible.
 They do have really cool, so there's a place in rural Virginia called the Insurance Institute
 for Highway Safety, and it's their testing centre, and it's where they do a lot of crash
 testing for cars, but they occasionally will have sort of fun darbies between different
 cars.
 Oh, what do you mean?
 I've really oversolved that. Basically, I wasn't even that excited about myself, but...
 Well, for their 50th birthday, they had a grudge match between a 1959 Bel Air and a 2009
 Alibou.
 What do you mean they just crash into each other?
 Yeah, yeah. It was to show how much safer cars are these days, because the beautiful old
 1950s car, the whole front just really crumbles and the other one doesn't.
 Wow.
 You're not done with style, haven't you, in that nice old car?
 I guess so. But they really had to persuade people that safety was a good idea for cars.
 Like, that's in car accidents, kept creeping up and up and up, and the car industry kept
 saying, "Guard, yeah, awful, but what are we going to do about it?" And they really had to
 persuade them.
 So Ford introduced a car in 1956, which had a steering wheel, where the steering wheel,
 if you hit something, the steering wheel column would deform on impact, this is a good thing
 because it means you don't get hit in the middle of the track by a spike of metal, basically.
 The car was not popular, despite being sold with that.
 It was very much outsold by other cars, which had very dangerous steering columns.
 The first crash test dummies were live humans.
 So there was this, this happened a few times actually, but from the 1950s they started testing
 the crash impact on human bodies, and there was a researcher called Lawrence Patrick,
 and he basically volunteered himself, and he made the point that, actually, that people
 have been talking about using inanimate objects, all things like the dummies we have today.
 But you can crash a dummy into a car as many times as you like and go, "Oh, look, it's
 really dented here, and it's head's exploded, and it's foot fell off."
 But you don't actually know what that would mean if it was a live human.
 You don't actually know if the dummy is dead, but would this kill a human?
 Right.
 So this guy from 1960 to 1975 was a human crash test dummy, and he used to do things like,
 he took a 50-pound metal pendulum to the chest repeatedly, and that was to test the steering
 column.
 So he used to break ribs and things like that.
 Part of his job was hurling his knee repeatedly against a metal bar.
 That's amazing.
 Yeah, he took over 400 deceleration rides to then, that's why you sort of simulate the feeling
 of a crash.
 And yeah, it sounds horrendous, and him and his students would lie down and they'd have
 stuff like what's called a gravity impactor, where you'd have to be lying down and you had
 kind of this like metal rod suspended above your cheek, and then it would just jab you
 in the cheek.
 It would be like a robot jab you, repeatedly and harder and harder in the cheek, to see
 how much you could take.
 And wanted to say that he couldn't take it anymore, they weren't, well let's make cars that
 don't inflict more than that.
 But let's bring it right up to that point.
 And he was, that guy was Lawrence Patrick, you say, and it was one of his students called
 Harold Mertz, who went on to develop the first or the standard crash test dummy, right?
 So it was based on all that kind of stuff.
 Oh wow, because he had such a traumatic experience here.
 Dummies are, they are getting older.
 They are.
 We're all getting older, aren't they?
 Who are we getting older?
 The dummies.
 They've been made to be older now.
 Okay.
 The made older, as in when they're first, oh right, yeah, because how does that work?
 As in the bone cell are stronger.
 They're a bit more fragile, basically, because people are getting older.
 Again, back to your point, James, we're all getting older.
 But drivers, drivers are getting, society is aging, so, you know, the crash test dummies
 which simulate, you know, strapping young person in their prime are not a realistic way
 of simulating what's happening if you're driving and you're 120 years old.
 No.
 You know.
 And faster as well, they're getting, aren't they?
 Yeah.
 Because we're getting faster.
 And sort of more varied.
 There's this problem with dummies, and it happens with all technology, where it says this
 standard dummies have been made for the average man.
 And so then we've proven that that's how strong this car is.
 And it's always a man, and it's always western man.
 And they finally clocked on to the fact that not everyone on earth is a western man.
 And so obviously like women tend to be lighter, different parts of their body, a bit weaker.
 And so now they've finally started making dummies that are like very in size.
 But one of the things is they've had to get faster.
 I think the average American has put on just over two stone in the last 20 years, 25 years.
 Okay.
 So the dummies have had to follow suit.
 Yeah.
 28 pounds.
 28 pounds.
 28 pounds.
 Yeah.
 Well, that's not much way to put on over 25 years.
 You're actually keeping quite fit if that's all you put on in that period.
 You don't gradually put on more and more weight each year.
 That's not how it's, but that's not like a healthy one.
 Sorry, as a man in this 40's, yes you do.
 I've got something you might like, Den.
 Oh yeah.
 There is a theory that crash test dummies explain the Roswell landings.
 Jesus.
 What?
 So this is a claim that was made about crash test dummies that people might have mistaken
 crash test dummies being used in parachute drops if you're testing a parachute and you want
 to see how hard someone hits the ground with that particular parachute.
 Yeah.
 So maybe the Air Force were collecting in crash test dummies and mistook them for alien
 bodies being collected in.
 Right.
 Because that's where a lot of military testing might happen.
 And these were six foot long things and they were hairless and they were made of a weird
 rubbery substance.
 Yeah, yeah.
 So it's not a widely adhered to theory.
 No.
 It's obviously aliens.
 I can't do.
 Yeah, I can't believe you thought that would excite me.
 What I wanted you to say is aliens are real.
 That's the...
 Speaking of theories and adhering, this is to you.
 Wow.
 Tenuous.
 Very tenuous.
 Let's go.
 Google has invented a new thing which is human fly paper and the idea is if you have a self-driving
 car, you put this fly paper on the front of your car and one of the problems are one
 of the main ways that people get injured if they get hit by cars is not even the first
 impact is where you get thrown and you end up hitting your head on the floor or stuff like
 that or you get run over.
 And so they think that what might happen is you drive along, you hit pedestrian, instead
 of throwing them over, they stick to the car.
 Oh, wow.
 And then you can slow down and then they can just unstick themselves.
 There must be so many situations where you're late to somewhere and you're like, I'm
 sorry, I'm just going to have to go and you're on passing cars on the highway with a dude
 stuck to the front.
 Oh, I found a great move-related headline because I was looking up some moves facts as well.
 This is a headline from South Dakota.
 Is it Kilo Land or Kilo Land?
 All right.
 No one knows and I think it's bad to say no one here cares.
 Okay.
 Let's say Kilo Land news.
 This is a genuine local news headline in South Dakota.
 This moves from one field into another field.
 The surreal local news story goes on, beyond alert driving near the Marion Road exit on interstate
 90.
 A little after five Thursday night, a combine scared the moose, clearly just one moose involved
 in this whole state.
 Scared the moose out of one field and into another.
 This is the same moose that's been hanging out in the area north of southwestern Sioux Falls
 since Monday.
 So maybe there's a reason that nobody here has been to South Dakota as all I'm trying
 to say it's time for fact number three and that is James.
 Okay.
 My fact this week is that Americans used to make the slippers radioactive so they could
 find them in the dark.
 Now I must say, probably not many Americans in this, but I think definitely some of them
 did.
 An advert online for this product, which you could buy in the 1930s called Undaq.
 Okay.
 And it's like a paint and it contains radium, which is radium.
 Sorry.
 Can we just clarify that it wasn't online in the 1940s, was it?
 You're absolutely right.
 It wasn't online in the 1930s.
 It was a different medium back then.
 It's been put online now.
 Got it.
 Just checking.
 I saw it online in the last few days, but yeah, I think it was in magazines and things
 like this.
 And it was called Undaq and it says, the advert says does Undaq really contain radium?
 Most assuredly.
 So it's real radioactive stuff and the whole point of it is you would put it on things so
 you could find them in the dark.
 So they said that you were putting on watches and clocks on push buttons on the buckles
 of your bedroom slippers, on house numbers, flashlights, compasses, flashlights, I don't
 know why.
 Because you can turn them.
 Well, you need to find it in the dark.
 Yeah.
 You're absolutely right.
 And basically, in the 1930s, they were putting radium on everything, even though not realizing
 perhaps that it was killing people.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, they were obsessed.
 It was a craze, complete and like the newspaper has constantly contained it.
 I think George Bernard Shaw said the world has run raving mad on the subject of radium.
 And of course, there was very famous the radium girls who are the people who worked in sort
 of 19, 19s.
 And the radium girls were there and they had to paint radium onto clocks to make their hands
 glow in the dark and they would lick the paint brushes.
 And so they would swallow a little bit of radium every single time they did that.
 Which was extremely bad for them.
 It turned out.
 It was.
 Still, they would paint like little messages on the teeth for the boyfriends and like their
 clothes would glow in the dark.
 So when they went out clubbing or whatever they did in the 1920s, they would always wear
 the work clothes because it meant they shined in the night clothes.
 They were like queuing glow sticks, dancing in the clubs, wow.
 They were properly were glowers in one, so it was a big scandal by the 1920s.
 They started dying and people realised it was probably because of all this radium.
 And when they exhumed their bodies years later, they were still glowing from all this
 radium.
 It was amazing.
 And they'd open their cupboards in the morning and all their clothes are just glowing,
 absolutely bizarre.
 And then of course, because they were getting very sick, there were lawsuits.
 And it was due to a guy called Leonard Grossman who was a lawyer who worked pro bono for the
 whole time and it was after eight appeals that they managed to get the companies to admit
 that they were wrong and managed to get something back.
 Although the last one, the last radium girl died at the age of 107, not so long ago, only
 in the last 20 years, I think.
 But she quit within a week of working that because she hated the taste of the paint.
 Yes.
 She was counting herself lucky in 177 in 2014, but like they want to know, I suppose, and
 it must have been so exciting.
 And also Uranium had the same thing when Uranium then became the thing and this was this
 other very, very dangerous, nuclear substance people got very into.
 There was a time when hamburgers came with free shares in Uranium minds, like little happy
 meal, but it was a share in Uranium.
 Really?
 Wow.
 Yes.
 There was some, right?
 You know, B-O-U-G-I-E, the sort of things.
 Bougie.
 Bougie.
 Sorry.
 There were radioactive bougies which were wax-covered rods to be inserted into the penis.
 Sorry, I didn't know this word bougie until now, is that what it is?
 Bougie, yeah.
 Well, there's a, there's a modern meaning of bougie which is a bit different, a bit different
 to that.
 Is that what bougie nights?
 That movie's about.
 Yeah, that's right.
 Yeah.
 It basically is about that, isn't it?
 Yeah, wow.
 Some people said if you fed your chickens radium, then their eggs would incubate themselves.
 Wow.
 Not true.
 We have, weirdly, you mentioned the curries early, so Mary, Mary Curie, she, she was in the
 news this year.
 She's in our book, our new book.
 She.
 Yeah, because someone, it was her birthday and the cake arrived, surprise cake, they opened
 it up and on the cake was a drawing of Mary Curie.
 And she was confused because she had no idea who it was.
 It turns out that there was a mishearing over the phone.
 What the parent had actually asked for was a cake of Mariah Carey and as a result, had this
 noble prize winner on her cake, no idea who it was.
 All I want for Christmas is uranium.
 So Mary Curie, Pierre, her husband died in a traffic accident, and then years later, she started
 dating again, and she had an affair with a married man, which was very scandalous at
 the time.
 And it led to this huge course of love.
 There were either two or five armed duels over this affair that she had.
 And the wife of the man she was having the affair with, her name was Madame Long Van.
 She had someone break into Curie's house and steal the love letters.
 All of this about Mary Curie, noble prize winning, you know, and the letters were stolen,
 and then they were leaked to the press.
 So suddenly this is a huge story.
 And her lover, Paul Long Van, had a duel between him and a journalist who'd insulted him.
 And there's a letter from Einstein to Mary Curie saying, don't worry about all this.
 This is irrelevant.
 Really?
 It's really cool.
 Just before she won the Nobel Prize, so her Nobel Prize was slightly overshadowed by this
 huge story.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Three days before she was due to go and collect it, the story broke.
 And they were saying, oh, maybe don't come and collect the Nobel Prize because this is scandalous.
 But then Einstein wrote her a letter saying, forget all that, you've got the award.
 Get the award.
 Wow.
 She used to be always called on to test the radiant products.
 You know, you were saying at the start, James, that a lot of products called themselves
 radio active.
 But they didn't always have it in, is that right?
 Yeah, they very often just pretended and then put a bit of different glow in the dark stuff
 in it.
 She would be called to verify that stuff contained radium that it, like, definitely was
 deadly, basically.
 It would be like, my child's toy says it's radioactive.
 Can you just check, Mary Curie, that it is?
 Do you be like, yep, definitely got lots of radium in it.
 Wow.
 Good luck to that kid.
 Wow.
 She actually fell on a little bit of hard times after a while and she didn't have enough
 radium to continue her research because radium was really, really expensive.
 There's not much of it in the ground, so it's really hard to get.
 So, there was a fundraising campaign led by American women and Curie traveled to the United
 States and she was presented with one gram of radium by President Warren Harding in 1921.
 That's so cool.
 A single gram.
 Okay, and it doesn't sound like a lot of that, right?
 But it was cost them $100,000 for a single gram of radium and that at the time in 1921 was
 about that average budget of a Hollywood movie.
 You could make a whole movie.
 That's so cool.
 Isn't that amazing?
 They did, because when they were trying to refine it in the foot, like before they'd even
 discovered it, they were using a thing called pitch blend which is a kind of uranium
 ore.
 And it's got the, it's got radium in it but it needs to be refined a lot.
 They went through seven tons of pitch blend and they ended up with one gram of radium
 after all of that refining.
 That's incredible.
 This is why there was a ballet dancer and choreographer called Lowie Fuller who in 1904 created
 the radium dance, which was a really famous dance at the time and she wanted all the ballerinas
 to be wearing head-to-toe costumes made entirely of radium.
 She was sort of mates with Mary Curie and she wrote to her and said, can you make me a bunch
 of ballerinas dresses made entirely of radium?
 And thought, thank God, Mary Curie said, I'd absolutely love to.
 It sounds like a great idea but it's just too expensive.
 And so she had to make do with a slightly less glow in the dark other material and the ballerinas
 lived just the other day.
 Have you heard of a magic radium massage?
 No.
 This was a 30s product which is curious because if the radium girls were dying in the 1920s,
 then you would think...
 Well, this studies a lot of radium until sort of 40s and 50s I think.
 Well, the magic radium massage, this ointment, when massaged into the sex parts, this is
 the other, acts as a healthy tonic and stimulant, tending to give firmness and strength to the
 organs.
 It is especially effective for improving the circulation in the genital organs when they
 feel cold, clammy and lifeless.
 Soon.
 I mean, that is useful if you need to get up to go to the toilet of a night.
 You just follow your car.
 Where's...
 Where did I leave that penis?
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 It's time to move on to our final fact of the show.
 That is Chazinski.
 My fact this week is that the man who introduced chewing gum to the world had already been president
 of Mexico 11 times.
 It's crazy.
 It's a very strange career trajectory.
 Of course, it's probably the most famous famous of Mexican ever, General Santa Anna in
 the 19th century.
 He was president constantly.
 He's sort of hated in three different, very specific places.
 So the U.S. hate him, Mexicans hate him, and Texans hate him, and I know Texas is part of
 the U.S., but some people say that they don't, they pretend they aren't.
 But yeah, he's...
 So he was at the back of Alamo and he was disgraced there because he was very, very brutal.
 And then that was what led to the cries of remember the Alamo, which led to him and his
 troops being defeated at just interlater.
 But anyway, he had lots of sort of military defeats and somehow they kept on making
 him president again, he kept on being exiled from the country.
 And when he was finally exiled from Mexico permanently in 1869, he went to New Jersey and all
 he brought with him.
 That's not the joke.
 The joke is not, that's what you do when you hit a rock bottom.
 Wow, you can just say New Jersey and I agree with you a lot.
 It's good to know.
 So he went to New Jersey and he brought with him as insurance a ton of this chicle gum which
 they all chewed in Mexico and the bloke he was living with said, "Oh, what's that gum?
 Can I try and make something out of it?
 I'm going to try and sell it."
 And he tried to make sort of tires out of it and toys out of it and masks and Wellington
 boots and none of it stuck, as it were.
 And so eventually he saw Santa Anna chewing it one day and so he thought, "Okay, I'll
 try and sell it to people and tell them to chew on it."
 And they loved it and their chewing gum was born or popularised at least in the West.
 He was quite amazing, wasn't he Santa Anna?
 So after the independence from Spain in 1821, basically a whole country just kept having
 these coups and counts of coups and whatever and he just kept reinventing himself to whoever
 was taking over.
 He said, "Oh, I'm with these guys and then they would make him president."
 So at one stage he started off as conservative and then he became liberal, then he became
 Democrat and then he became a dictator and all those times, each time he became the president.
 By way of comparison, Donald Trump started off as a Republican, became a member of the
 independence party, then was a Democrat and then was a Republican again, hasn't been a dictator.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, he's like, he just kept reinventing himself so he could get the power.
 Yeah.
 It's really amazing.
 He didn't go to either of his own weddings.
 He couldn't be bothered to turn up, basically, or he was travelling or busy or whatever.
 So he just deputized someone by...
 Let me just say, you are about to get married.
 Certainly, yeah.
 It doesn't work that way.
 Oh, no.
 So he married twice, mostly for, we think for money, both times, because the women he was
 marrying had very large estates and he was in need of cash.
 So the first wedding he had, he empowered his father-in-law to be as his proxy.
 Oh.
 So basically, her dad would walk up the aisle.
 He could.
 He gave her away to himself.
 Basically, yeah.
 Wow.
 Do we know if he sort of jumped round the other side of her earlier?
 Yeah.
 I've just put a different hat on myself.
 Yeah.
 He actually lost Texas to the US, possibly because he was having sex in a tent.
 No.
 So this is the tale is that, at the Battle of Jacinto, he was distracted by a Texan woman
 who, so it was a ploy on her part, she's sort of this folk hero.
 And this is reported at the time by an English journalist.
 And apparently, this Texan woman snuck into his tent and seduced him and shagged away.
 And then he lost the battle while he was in the tent, not in charge of his troops.
 And then had to leg it.
 How long was that sex session that he lost?
 Well, the battle, the battle famously only took 18 minutes.
 That's not too bad, didn't it?
 In my house.
 My wife will be going to hear that, 18 minutes, he can do 18 minutes.
 Dad, you could always use a proxy if you have to.
 So it's okay, honey, your dad's on his way over at home.
 Did he still have his leg at the time, that that happened?
 He did have his original leg at that time, yeah.
 He, one of the other things he was famous for was losing a leg in a conflict called the
 pastry war, which was against French forces who had invaded Mexico.
 I think that's why it's called that.
 So he was wounded and he had his leg amputated.
 And then four years later, as a kind of political move, he had it disinterred and he held a state
 funeral for his leg.
 So he got to attend.
 And it was a really fancy funeral.
 So the leg got taken to the capital in a coach and there was a beautiful monument constructed
 and there was cannon fire and poems were read and then the leg was eventually re-buried.
 Yeah.
 How should is that for his wife that he shows up to a funeral for his leg, but not to his own
 wedding?
 But then on the bright side per two years after he'd done that, it was exhumed again by his
 opponents and dragged through the streets with people chanting death to the cripple.
 So yeah, he was obsessed with this leg.
 He used to sort of like before he'd even done the big state funeral, he used to carry it
 around waving it above him in parade.
 Really?
 And he gave it two funerals.
 He gave it a small funeral on his little hacienda before the big one when it first got lost.
 He was always reminding people, like one of these really annoying, like you couldn't,
 you'd always let it drop into conversation.
 But the pastry world, do you know why it was called that specifically?
 No, I don't.
 It is related to the French thing, but it's specifically because there was one French
 pastry cafe in Mexico and it was owed a big debt by the government and it wasn't being
 paid.
 And so this pastry chef called the French government and said, "Mexico has me all this money,
 it's not paying."
 And so it got a bit out of hand and war happened.
 Oh, man.
 Because of that.
 The French ended up really overreacting, so they tried them up and said they owe me an arm
 in a leg.
 They negotiated down to half of that.
 You know, you can visit his leg in Illinois.
 Yes.
 Well, his fake leg.
 It's in a museum in Illinois.
 And there's like a chicken dinner there as well because supposedly he was eating chicken
 at the time, so it sort of like sets the same thing up.
 So when you say his fake leg, you mean this prosthesis?
 Yeah.
 Yeah, exactly.
 And then someone galloped off away when he wasn't looking, took his leg and it's now in Illinois.
 It's been there for years.
 Yes.
 So this was another fight.
 This was the later battle that he actually lost, wasn't it?
 Yeah.
 When he had the prosthetic leg.
 And as you say, he was eating a chicken dinner in his tent and-
 The battle was lost again.
 He really lingered over it.
 He spent about 20 minutes eating the chicken, yeah.
 Disaster.
 It was going to have to stay out of tents.
 I always think it's really weird, though, because in that thing where the soldiers came
 along and they took his leg and they also took $18,000 and the chicken dinner.
 But everyone that always talks about the chicken dinner.
 Yeah.
 That's true.
 It's so weird.
 And then he got another leg, the knee.
 He got a peg leg.
 Yeah.
 And so just a piece of wood for a prosthesis.
 And then that got stolen as well.
 Oh.
 Yeah.
 It got stolen and was reportedly later used by Lieutenant Abner double day as a baseball bat.
 Wow.
 Wow.
 Hey, so this fact was also about the fact that he introduced chewing gum to the world.
 Oh, yes.
 I mentioned a couple of chewing gum things I found.
 So chewing gum, obviously we had chewing gum that was around for a while.
 And then bubble gum arrived and bubble gum was invented in Philadelphia.
 Yeah.
 How cool is that?
 Did you guys know that?
 Probably.
 You didn't know that.
 Okay.
 So bubble gum was invented here.
 It was by a guy called Frank H. Fleer, although he didn't invent bubble gum itself.
 So double bubble was the first ever bubble gum that came out.
 You guys.
 What?
 Yeah.
 There was no bubble before.
 No, chewing gum was just chewed.
 And then he was like, let's take a bit.
 He went straight to double bubble gum.
 There's no single bubble.
 Oh, I see.
 Well, no, no.
 There was a prototype which didn't work, yeah.
 So he's not the inventor of double bubble.
 He is the inventor of its prototype, blibber blibber.
 Stop.
 Absolutely true.
 Blibber blibber was the original bubble gum that he invented.
 But unfortunately, it didn't quite work out.
 So the problem was, is when you blew the bubble, no one could say it for a start.
 Blibber blibber.
 Blibber blibber.
 Blibber blibber.
 So, yeah.
 So Frank H. Fleer.
 So the problem was, is that you would blow the bubble, it would pop, and it would go all
 of your face.
 But the stickiness of it was too much that you needed a solvent to actually take it off
 your face.
 So when he was marketing it initially, it was with this little product that would make
 sure that it would come up.
 So it didn't work out.
 Never sold, never made it actually to shops.
 But instead, then someone who was working for him said, let's take it differently.
 And that's how we have double bubble.
 Wow.
 That's great.
 So when was that?
 This was 1906, that he posted this, yeah.
 Because there was one other claimant to the invention of bubble gum, who is Waldo Seaman,
 who...
 Wow.
 What did he call his?
 And I didn't go down very well.
 I don't...
 With chewing gum, make sure you never swallow.
 That's what I'm saying.
 So Mr... Mr Seaman was...
 Waldo Seaman.
 Working for a entire company.
 Where's Waldo?
 Which Waldo?
 That's a much more difficult and more adult version of the purchase than that.
 He's easier to spot though, you turn the lights off, you shine and don't look glows in the dark.
 That's the best UV Seaman Wesley bubble gum joke that's ever been made.
 That's the only one.
 No.
 Top 10.
 Anyway, he was a very serious guy wanting to be taken seriously.
 His business was in making plastics and rubber and polymers, and he worked for a tyre company.
 And so when he made this thing that blew bubbles, the tyre company thought, well, that's
 a huge defect.
 We don't want tyres that are bubbles, so just stop making it.
 And so he had to stop making it.
 But interestingly, did you know that tyre manufacturers, Goodya Tire and Rubber, for instance,
 are the biggest provider of the rubber core of chewing gum today?
 Is it?
 Yeah, of course.
 It's a bit of a tyre in it.
 Because it's not made out of that chickly stuff anymore, it's made out of, like, petrochemicals,
 basically chewing gum.
 Yeah, essentially.
 Yeah.
 It's made out of kind of rubber in the middle of it.
 That's amazing.
 Yeah.
 So actually, when cars drive over the road, they should be able to just pick up the chewing
 gum and just become part of the tyre.
 Oh, yeah.
 And eventually, you just have a massively high car.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 The ancient Greeks had chewing gum, a kind of chewing gum, yeah.
 So as you say, it was popularized when it became nice.
 But the ancient Greeks were going around chewing mastic gum, sometimes, that was a thing.
 And it was really horrible back in the old days because it used to be made with paraffin.
 So it's very bitter and very, you know, brittle and unwholesome.
 The one thing that you might do, if you had some paraffin chewing gum, is you'd have
 a plate of sugar next to you, and you just have to repeatedly take it out of your mouth,
 dip it in the sugar and put it back in.
 Oh, nice.
 Yeah.
 Is that all right?
 No, not that.
 Not like that.
 I've explained it wrong.
 We're going to have to move on in a second.
 Oh, one more thing about chewing gum.
 Yeah.
 The University of Copenhagen is currently working on fertility chewing gum.
 So...
 Is this another Waldo Seaman invention?
 It's the second best Waldo Seaman bubble gum based.
 No, it's for women to chew so that you know where you are in your menstrual cycles.
 So if you chew it, it reacts with the, I guess, the enzymes in your saliva, and it turns
 a particular colour depending on how far along you are and whether you're in the perfect
 time to consume.
 But then do you have to keep pulling it out of your mouth and looking at it and then
 putting it back in again?
 I think there's a...
 Well, you have to take it out at least once, yeah.
 But that is cool.
 It's...
 Yes, it is.
 If it happens, that's going to be great.
 In 1904, they had a big craze in America of chewing gum parties.
 Cool.
 And the idea of what you would do there is you would, each guest would come along with
 a big pack of chewing gum, actually lots of packs, and then everyone would sit around
 and chew their chewing gum until it was soft, and then they'd put it on a plate and
 they would sculpt it into things.
 Cool.
 And that was the game.
 That's kind of fun.
 I thought you were going to say that.
 This audience doesn't seem to think it's much fun.
 Oh.
 Wow.
 Philadelphia is a bit too good for that, apparently.
 Okay.
 Let's wrap up.
 Okay.
 That is it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you would like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we've said over
 the course of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter account, so I'm on @Sriberland
 Andy.
 @adduhundraub.
 Yep.
 And James.
 @jamesharkin.
 And Jizinski.
 You can email pokecast.qa.com.
 Yep.
 Or you can go to our group account, which is at no such thing.
 You can go to our website.
 No such thing as a fish.com.
 You have everything up there.
 There's future tour dates.
 There's all of our previous episodes.
 There's links to things like our book.
 And last thing to say is, guys, thank you so much.
 That was so much fun.
 We'll see you again.
 Good night.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
