 Hi everyone, welcome to this week's episode of No Such Things A Fish, where we were
 joined by our good friend, the New Zealand comedian Ray O'Leary. Now we've known Ray
 for a long time now. He is such a good friend. It's so good to get him on the main
 podcast. You might remember he did the Edinburgh Showcase that we did as was
 the end of last year, but he is on the full show today and I'm absolutely
 certain you're gonna love it because oh my gosh we have such a good time doing
 this show. Once you have finished listening to it then I reckon you're gonna
 want to go and buy tickets to see his show. His stand-up is really where he
 absolutely thrives. He's got a brilliant delivery and his jokes are so funny.
 Of all the people I went to see last year, definitely he's my favourite. And so
 if you are listening to this, when the show goes out and you are in Edinburgh,
 Newcastle Glasgow, Norwich, Southampton, Edinburgh,
 Leeds Liverpool Birmingham, London, Bristol or Sheffield, then go to the internet
 and search for Ray O'Leary. If you go to his Instagram then you will find details
 for tickets in his bio. Oh you could just search Google for Ray O'Leary tickets and
 you'll find them there and I highly recommend it. If you'd like to listen to the
 Excel version of this show where we find out what Dan has in common with
 Jean-Jacques Russo and believe me you didn't want it in the normal version but
 big fans of Dan are going to want to hear it and go to patreon.com/nosythingsaffish
 and there is all sorts of stuff there, not just Excel shows but merch and
 all sorts of bonus material or just a place to sign up and learn more about fish.
 Anyway, let's get on with it. This week's show with Ray O'Leary on with the podcast.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of no such thing as a fish, a weekly podcast coming to you
 from the QI offices in Hobern. My name is Dan Schreiber, I am sitting here with Andrew Hunter Murray,
 James Harkin and Ray O'Leary and once again we have gathered around the microphones with our
 four favorite facts from the last seven days and in no particular order here we go. Starting with
 fact number one and that is Ray. My fact this week is that a 30-second lullaby written in 1963 has made
 more than $70 million in royalties. That lullaby is killing in the name of my rage.
 Some that l always go to bed and that lullaby.
 Okay, that's a lot of royalties. The reason it's made so much money is because it's become
 a theme song for a TV show. It's become a theme song for the American quiz show Gipady
 because the song was written by the creator of the show who I guess needed a theme song.
 It got himself to do it and now paid himself $70 million. He got paid every time it was on.
 Yes, every time it was on and the show is like 230 episodes a year or something and he gets paid
 every time. syndicated globally as well and there's all the different UK and other countries.
 Stephen Fry hosts the UK and Australian ones. The thing is about this lullaby is as far as I'm
 concerned it's exactly the same as another lullaby which is I'm a little teapot.
 Oh really? So one that goes tip me over, pull me out.
 To me, I've always heard it and I honestly always thought they must have just used
 I'm a little teapot because it was out of copyright. But actually he claimed to have written it.
 Well, I would say that I'm a little teapot is not a lullaby. I certainly wouldn't think
 that to a child I was trying to get to sleep. I think that's more of a high-pup fight song
 that kind of thing. What does it? It was the eight-mile of its day.
 But actually, I mean, there were movements involved when you want a child to sleep.
 You don't want them doing movement. Yeah. But that was written by a couple of school teachers.
 Really? I think it was in like the 30s or 40s. So in theory, it would have been in copyright
 when he and this guy who was called, what was he called? Merv Griffin.
 Merv Griffin. When Merv Griffin wrote his in theory they could have sued him but I think
 because they were just school teachers, they weren't like, you know. I didn't know that.
 Was it Merv Griffin? He not only created Jeopardy, he created Willa Fortune. He was also the host
 of a lot of TV shows. He was in movies. He was a sort of business empire onto himself.
 And he was like the rich at Usman of America. Yeah, he was. But I do have a bone to pick with old Merv.
 Oh, yeah. Of course. Yeah, he says creator of Jeopardy. He absolutely was not. It was his wife.
 Oh, yeah. His wife, Julian Wright. She was sitting on an airplane and this is in interviews with
 Merv Griffin where he says, and this will explain the format of Jeopardy in case anyone's not really
 seeing it. His wife was mulling over a game show ideas and said there's not enough successful question
 and answer shows. Those used to be big. They weren't really on TV. And then she said, what happens
 if you swap the answer in question in the format? So what if you were given the answer and you had
 to come up with the question. So the question is, how does it work, right? You're a fan, right? Yeah,
 yeah. So what you get given is I think it's called sometimes the clue, but it's meant to be in the
 phrase of an answer. So it'll be this city is the biggest in the UK and home to 9 million people
 or something like that. And then you would say, what is Western Superman? I do not know enough about
 British geography. What is London? The examples she gave on the plane was she said 5,280. The question
 was, how many feet are in a mile? She also said 79 Whistful Vista. The answer was, is that where
 Fibre and Molly McGee live? And that was just friends of theirs. Oh, that's a tricky one. There doesn't
 talk about that. I think the thing is though with Jeopardy is like those kind of things wouldn't
 quite work. Because if you say the number of feet in a mile, there's a number of different questions
 that could be in that answer. Whereas if it's a clue rather than an answer. So it has to be, you can't
 say these are weird sea things. And I say, what are oysters? Because there are loads of weird
 things. It could be a colour hug. Exactly. Okay. Okay. Because I've always found it incredibly
 confusing. I've never seen an episode. I've always found the idea quite baffling. And also if you don't
 say what is or who is or whatever, you don't get the point. Give me a break. Give me a break.
 It's got to be real. What is the slogan for Kit Kat?
 Close enough. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Do they have this show in New Zealand?
 No, I illegally watch it on YouTube every day. Don't tell anyone. My profession is, but yeah,
 I find it fascinating. And also you'll write about what move Griffin said about how he came up with
 the show. Well, I was just sitting there, my wife had a nightmare. The shame of being single,
 I'm half as efficient, you know. Well, he was like a big deal. And he was an actor. And I think he
 was friends with Doris Day, who might have discovered him. I think he was working in a nightclub
 and Doris Day walked past and said, why do you should do a screen test for Warner Brothers for who
 I'm working. And he did that and he got put in a couple of movies. And I think he probably thought he
 was going to be Doris Day's leading man because they were such good friends, but he was very short.
 He could have been like her love interest who eventually loses the girl, but he was never going
 to be a leading man really. So he thought he was going into either the hot met, but he was assigned
 with like a hunchback number two. He was a poor bearer at Ronald Reagan's funeral. Maybe through
 acting connections, I don't know, or maybe after he became a very big deal. No, you're right.
 Unless they all were. Yeah, I don't know. And he's the man behind the soul. I've got a lovely bunch
 of coconut. He was the original singer of the one who made it the big song that it became.
 Yeah, that's crazy. Yeah, so not behind it. Sorry, the one of the the singers who made it big.
 And the other thing about him, just last thing on him personally that I found fascinating was
 he also created, as you said, I think James wheel of fortune to another incredibly big game show.
 And of course, we know that the theme tune for that show was written by Alan Thickey,
 father of Robin Thickey. I've read the podcast. I've read the podcast. I've got that. Yes.
 Do you know Robin Thickey? I know Robin Thickey. Oh, yes, it's no common miscurses.
 On this podcast, he will always be Robin Thickey. He gets furious people mispronounce his name.
 Robin, because it makes him sound thick if you call him Robin Thickey. He's very clever, man.
 He also had a chat show, very famously, Murf. He interviewed an estimated 25,000 people.
 And he said that his best interview was with Austin Wells, because Austin Wells was very guided
 individual. He didn't really say anything about his personal life. But just before the show,
 Austin Wells said, you know, these wonderful gossipy things that you've always wanted to ask about
 my past. And Murf says, yeah, yeah, but I'm not allowed to ask those. Am I? And Austin Wells says,
 well, tonight you are, I'm feeling very expansive. And he did the interview and he asked him all these
 questions that he wouldn't answer in the past. And Austin Wells went home and died two hours later.
 So his like, this is my last chance to get it out. Wow. Holy moly. But he did, yeah, he died of natural
 causes as a person. Murf and Murf. We mentioned Wheeler Fortune earlier. There is a person
 on that show called Vanna White, who has a Guinness World Record. Okay. Can you guess what it is?
 Vanna White. What was Vanna White? Vanna White was a, she was quite a glamorous lady, glamorous
 assistant. Oh, it was something like most air was on TV. Okay. So she is the person who turns the
 answers around because Wheeler Fortune is like Hangman, right? So you've got a word there and you say,
 can I have an X? Yes, you can. And they'll turn the X. Oh, but there might not be that letter there.
 It is not in the phrase you understand. I can tell you. So it's this person's job, but she now has a
 World Record. And she's done something 3,721,446 times as of the night of February 2015.
 Was it touching letters? Well, records, touching letters.
 Because, hey, Santa's got that record. Have you done that?
 Has she collapsed? Correct. Yeah. So whenever they get one of the letters, right,
 she turns it round as she claps. That's always counted the claps. Wow, with some of those
 and she appeared in all but 10 of the 6151 episodes up until Guinness made this record.
 And she clapped in all of them and she had a World Record. And the reason that they had a hostess
 on their atoll is because they did, they were going to motorise the board, which is what you would do.
 It's like, can I have an L? And the L just turns round. But they couldn't finish making the motor.
 And so they had to hire someone to actually turn the pictures.
 Just on computers doing this kind of stuff. So,
 Japanese famously faced Watson in 2011. Super computer.
 Yeah. Yeah. And Watson won beat two humans who were playing alongside it.
 It's a three-player game. And one of them was like the best.
 They were both the top champions. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Ken Jennings and Brad Rutter, who I think both
 hold records in the Jupiter universe. Really? I didn't know there was a Japanese universe.
 The JCU. Never checked it out. There's a website called J Archive. And it's a fan-made website.
 And it's a record of every question ever asked. How much dollar values were waged and whatnot? Who won?
 Pitches of the people who played. Every like word that was said on an episode, all categorized there.
 And Alex Trebek, one of the longtime hosts of the show, found out about it.
 And he said, "Come on people, get a life."
 What is the pay signal on the P2?
 Okay, it is time for fact number two. And that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that every year in Japan, thousands of receptionists apply to compete against
 each other in the all-Japan phone answering championship. This is amazing. This is a competition
 exclusively for office workers, mostly receptionists. And every year, literally thousands and thousands
 apply so that they could go to a competition where they sit on stage and they are judged on how well
 they receive a phone call and deal with questions. And it lasts three minutes long for each of them.
 And then they hang up. And then a decision is made on how great they performed. And they're given
 things like a problem. It's called each year. A new problem is created. And they are given
 the same problem for all competitors. Yeah, it is. But you would not be able to you must be kept away
 from otherwise you see what the problem is. I think they tell you before you go on because there's
 like, so the 2025 one was for a theoretical beef tongue restaurant in Sendai City, which has the
 slogan, "Bringing smiles to customers faces through beef tongue." And basically, you get all the
 menus and all the different places it could deliver beef tugs to. And then someone will reg up, go,
 excuse me, do you have any pork tugs? Do you have to like answer that? I'm a vegetarian. What do you
 have for me? And you're told what's going to be asked as well? You're told the problem. So there's
 no, there's no plot twists or anything like that. You're even given a role in their 2025 one. You are
 Yun Katakura. You are an employee responsible for operating the online shop and handling inquiries
 about beef tongue. But you have to do it with a straight face. I think it's like a lot of it's like
 how polite you are. It's how clear you are. It sounds like there's a lot of quite formal etiquette
 as well. And in terms of how you answer the phone, you're meant to answer on the first or the second
 ring. If you only get to it on the third ring, that's an apology straight away. If you pick it up
 straight away and you're too keen on the beef tongue. I think it's very precise. If you're in a
 phone answering competition, you're waiting for the third ring. That's crazy. That's the bad boy.
 I think you're talking general Japanese etiquettes. Apparently it's judged out of 100 points.
 I got this from a translation of a site that talks about the 2025 competition. So yeah,
 it's judged on six different criteria. First impression. So you're the first line that you say.
 Hello. Did you deal with that? Criterion number two, basic call handling skills, which is 20 points,
 voice volume, speaking speed, natural intonation, clear voice production and pronunciation. That's
 what that one is. Oh, well, it's important. Yeah. Then there's communication skills. There's provision
 of information and service. Final impression. Bye. Let's just let's just try it. Let's just try
 with you. Yes. Ringling. Hello. Sorry. That was a bit quick. It's keen. And also in Japan, they don't say
 hello. We need you to do the full voice. In Japan, you answer the phone, mochi-mochi. Of course.
 And do you know why that is? It's because they speak Japanese. Well, that is undoubtedly true,
 but it doesn't mean hello. It means it's short for a moushi again, muscle, which means I am going to
 talk. And it's because in polite Japanese society, especially if you're speaking to someone who is
 more important than you, you wouldn't say hello. You had to announce the fact that you want to talk
 before you do, which is tough because then you are talking. So usually we say mochi-mochi before you say
 mochi-mochi. Can I ask you a question? It's the can I ask you a question in Japanese?
 I'm asking a question. No, no, exactly. But there's another theory, according to a folklorist
 called Uekasal. Apparently, mochi-mochi is impossible to say if you are a magic fox.
 The life of the magic fox just gets harder and harder. There's a thing called the backimono fox,
 and this fox is like a trickster in folklore. And one thing that it does is it can learn to speak like
 and imitate a human, but it can say lots of the words, but it can't say mochi-mochi. And so according
 to this folklorist, one of the reasons people say mochi-mochi is because then if they say that,
 they know that you're not a magic fox. Shibulath, right? Shibulath. Yeah, exactly. And as a result,
 magic fox crime stats are down way down. Especially when it comes to like fishing, like trying
 to get your bank details on the phone. They just don't do it. A lot of younger Japanese people,
 and I think this is a global thing as well, I'm becoming more nervous about answering the phone.
 This is a thing. There's a study in the UK that found that a quarter of people aged 18 to 34
 never answer the phone. I would never answer the phone. Really? I don't. I do. I like it.
 I spend the wheel. Who's this? Yeah, but it's always some spam, isn't it?
 It's often someone with a really good offer for me actually. And that's why Andy's living in the
 basement of this building. Another magic fox got me. But there's this other thing that is
 happening now, especially when younger people aren't answering the phone, they'll answer it,
 but they won't say anything because they're waiting for it. I did that as well. Do you?
 Because you can kind of hear the click. And also what happens often is they won't say anything.
 And then as soon as you talk, then the automatic voice comes in and it says, hello, I've got a great
 deal for you. 50,000 kilos of beef tock. Yes. Yes. Yes. Have you guys experienced this other thing?
 And this has only been recently launched. Yelp, the sort of phone people, the company launched
 this thing recently. You can have a proper conversation with an AI voice that answers your phone.
 So I'm in the process of I'm getting my hob removed. And sorry. I'm trying to have my hob ripped out
 at the moment. I can't believe you should have to work today. That's why you're on a limping up the
 system. And I phoned up this company trying to get a quote. And I had a whole conversation with a
 robot that was doing a quote for me, like saying what's the size of it and what shape it is. But as
 in I had a proper yeah, I found it very upsetting and horrible. Sometimes I that's how I feel when we're
 doing this podcast. You know that you're not talking to a proper intelligence. But yeah,
 could you tell it was an AI? I could have good intonations, good production of speech, good whatever
 that. Well, it did. But weirdly, I could tell. Oh, yeah. I said, it sounded like a person, but there
 was just a slight sort of filter over the whole call that maybe realized it was a machine talking.
 It's really weird because the final criteria, the sixth criteria of this whole thing is actually
 sort of an overall evaluation. So it sort of almost doesn't matter what happened between one
 and five. They could have given you high marks. But then they're like, now that I think about it,
 I wasn't so much impressed with these certain moments. And you can get points for it even if you
 didn't get anything resolved in the call, but it sounded like a nice chat. You get points for that.
 You can also get points for excellent silence. Just for like, wow, you were brilliant with the
 silence there. Yeah. Points for everyone. I looked it up and I think it was the 2015 winner.
 Was a was a was a she practiced to win this competition. She practiced for three minute conversations
 for two hours a day over a period of four months. Wow. That's a very patient partner.
 That's amazing. Well, it's it is thousands who apply, but it's only about 60 to 80 that make it to
 the actual stage. I guess is there an audience? Is there a big audience apart from the judges?
 I've seen a video, but I've only seen it off the stage. I couldn't quite tell because it's the
 show is 60 to 80 people doing the same three minute conversation. I can imagine that wouldn't be very
 varied, basically. Yeah. I did read that one of the recent winners answered the phone and conducted
 the conversation in a very traditional and formal style, which is what got to the points with the
 judges, although you wouldn't maybe naturally have a conversation like that. If you were answering
 the phone and in a normal Japanese business, basically, they're all sorts of, apparently there are
 at least 60 books in Japan available exclusively on phone etiquette. It's a real thing. Yeah. Yeah.
 Obviously, it's a country with a huge amount of etiquette in all sorts of areas, but yeah,
 it's fascinating. General reception. I was trying to find out some more things about general
 receptionists and receptionism. Okay. Got it. Okay. Most successful receptionist of all time.
 Okay. Good question. Is it the receptionist from the apprentice TV show in the UK who literally,
 well, they they have this whole pretence of them being in the ballroom and you're fired and stuff,
 and then they go out and then supposedly Alan Sugar decides what's going to happen. And then
 they cut to someone who doesn't even seem to be in the same building, picking up a phone and going,
 yes, Lord Sugar, I'll send them in now and then put it and then they cut to the ballroom and they're
 all ed. So that just feels like like a good job. Yeah. That's really good. No, the queen.
 Choose a receptionist. Oh, the current queen consort. Oh, come on, come on, come on, stop that.
 This is started out as a receptionist. I mean, it's a natural career progression, isn't it?
 I'll be promoted. You're made queen. Did she? Yeah. Obviously, a very posh company in their
 reception and I think she was sacked for turning up late. But I found out, interesting fact, Charles
 and Camilla had the same gynecologist when they were born. Charles had a gynecologist. I
 suppose Charles and Camilla's mothers were both assisted by the same. Charles has no gynecologist.
 He had his hub removed it. Oh my gosh. Here is an accidental receptionist. In
 Reykjavik in 2015, there was a security guard in the Prime Minister's office who went away from
 the office for the day, but normally what you do is you put your mobile phone number into the
 system and then if anyone phones the Prime Minister, then it would come through to you and you can
 sort of take messages and whatever. Anyway, someone put the wrong number in and a woman who lived in
 Reykjavik to start getting phone calls for the Prime Minister of Iceland. That's such a prank.
 If you can arrange that for someone, that is amazing. What happened? What did you do? Nothing. It was
 just for like one day or so until they all came back in the office and she said it's been no bother.
 This is Inge Björg Sigurvins.ir. It's been no bother. I am a citizen of this country and I am ready
 to help. But it should be like pageant. Pouching through calls from world leaders and things.
 I really like this, which is ELO Electric Light Orchestra. It's one of my favorite bands. So
 their debut album came out in 1971. It's called Electric Light Orchestra, out here in the UK.
 Released in America in March of 1972 with the title No Answer. And that's because the record
 exec in America said to someone in the office, "Can you call England and find out what the debut
 album is called?" They called. No one picked up. They wrote in the notes, no answer. The execs
 all had. And thought, "Great title." And that became the title of the album. It was just self-titled.
 ELO. Is that because someone rang up the office and they went, "Ello"?
 Okay, it is time for fact number three. And that is James.
 Okay, my fact this week is that philosopher Jean Jacques Rousseau, one of the most important figures
 of the Enlightenment, father of European political thought, and one of the inspirations behind
 the French Revolution, would run around Paris with his bum out hoping someone would spank him.
 Did that start the French Revolution? We have to stop this guy. Off with his bum.
 So yeah, Jean Jacques Rousseau, unbelievably famous in his time, one of the most important
 thinkers of the age. And it turned out that he had a pretty difficult childhood and it stuck him
 with some fetishes. And one of them was that he loved being spanked. And just before he died,
 he had a book called Confessions, which was very autobiographical, but it was like it was
 what's an all. And he said that he would go around Paris, winning the Mahous style, hoping that
 someone would spank him. And then what happened was sometimes he got the ship beat out of him.
 Did he? Yeah, like a group of people who didn't think much of that kind of thing would grab
 hold of him and start kicking him, and he'd have to escape? I think that's fair. Yeah.
 He was hanging around in alleys, hoping for, I presume, what would be quite a rare result
 with someone to administer a spanking. I mean, it sort of... I'd be in a publisher right here and now.
 It feels like a behaviour that would be looked down upon these days. Yeah, you probably couldn't
 even do that anymore, because of Woke. It does feel like famous philosopher pervert, which is a
 smaller headline, but it's striking that he confessed it. Yeah. His confessions were really sort of like,
 I'm going to admit everything now. Yeah. But his confessions, he wrote what is largely
 seen as the first autobiography. It's often said to be the first autobiography, and he would go
 around to parties and he would read extracts of his confessions. So he titled it Confessions,
 I believe. Confessions of a smack addict. I think that was the... Yeah. It's so funny that he
 was moaning people in alleyway. Do you think they looked down in alleyways? Inside that alleyway,
 is there a smaller, narrower alleyway? Oh, my God. But yes, he did publish the first,
 what is considered the first autobiography, the Confessions, and he discussed some of his least
 glamorous moments, which included that he abandoned five of his children, and that he once stole a
 ribbon. So those two were sort of on equal to... Yeah. But the ribbon that he did, I think, accuse
 he said that it made in another serve and had stolen and given it to him, and that's how he came across
 it. He was... He's an interesting cookie, isn't he? He's kind of... Because a lot of... Right, just for
 context, this is what Dan says about some of the worst people you've ever heard of. He was a character.
 He was a character. Because he... Check the ripper, a little strong cookie. He's Marmite. He's Marmite.
 So he was from Geneva, and his father was also from Geneva, but he had this sort of idea that he
 was from some incredible Patricia family, very important he felt he was. He was a watchmaker,
 but he married above his station, and he thought he was so up a class that he always brandished a
 sword wherever he went. That was not allowed in Geneva at the time. Okay. So he got kicked out of Geneva,
 and the whole family got kicked out. Oh gosh. And eventually Rousseau was sent to live with a
 Calvinist minister and his daughter, and it was the daughter, Mamoiselle Lambertier, who used to
 treat him like he was her child, and she would spank him when he'd done something naughty. And then in
 the end, he would just do things naughty deliberately so that he got spanked. Yeah. And that's how he ended
 up with this. It's so... Because his most famous quote is, "Man is born free, but everywhere he is in
 chains." And I assume that chains would be to be bad, but now maybe he was quite a good way,
 but everywhere he is in chains and hopefully a whirlpool. Man has been a very, very naughty boy.
 He also believed that there was this idea of the natural man, and that civilization was actually a
 complete con job that made everyone miserable. I mean it was a very... We would all be really happy if
 we were just left to live our own lives, and we wouldn't have to go to work every day and go on the
 tube. Yeah. But basically he just thought anything that was an invention of modern society was bad.
 And that's why he thought... And so it's really weird that he was a great writer about childhood
 considering that he abandoned all of his children to an orphanage, but he kind of overturned a
 previous very prevailing view that children are naturally evil and naturally fallen, you know,
 born with original sin. He was saying no children are naturally wonderful and should just be left
 alone, which is not a recipe for good adults. So, you read a lot about philosophers, because he had
 a particular interest of yours. Yes, a little bit, a little bit. We didn't get him as much,
 and so this was interesting reading up on him. Did you rate him as a philosopher?
 Yeah, no, yes, definitely. The influence he's had is crazy, and his development on the social
 contract theory and his ideas about democracy. I mean it almost seems quite now looking back at a guy
 who's writing him, "I think democracy would be a good idea." But at the time it was like divine
 writer kings, this idea that the government didn't have to be responsible to its people. So he was
 groundbreaking, I think, for the time, for sure. But I didn't realise just how crazy his life was.
 I learned that his mother, Suzanne, she had to go to a church hearing, I think they had sort of
 a religious, I don't know, police or system in Geneva at the time. And she had to go to a church
 hearing for going to the street theatre disguised as a peasant woman, so she could gaze upon
 invents and caress in whom she fancied despite him being married. It apparently theater was illegal
 at the time. So the Geneva non-Calvinists shared to account for herself. He didn't know that.
 He didn't like theatre either, Jean-Jacques. So Volta introduced a theatre to Geneva,
 at which point Rousseau wrote to him, "You have ruined Geneva. I hate you."
 He once pissed in his neighbour's kettle.
 Did he?
 Yeah, that's in his confessions. I don't know if he wrote that out.
 My turn, his neighbour picks up the box, goes to the index in the back, looks like it would have been mentioned.
 That's nice.
 Flocking his cup of tea.
 He didn't like gender equality. He was very much of the idea that men are in charge and women are not.
 And there was another philosopher called Olymp de Gouge, who was a French activist and playwright.
 And she really liked Rousseau's philosophy in general, but she really critiqued his idea that women
 shouldn't have as much role in society. And she said, "If a woman has a right to mount the scaffold,
 she must equally have the right to mount the speaker's platform."
 And then two years later, she was executed.
 So, for inter-revolution?
 In the reign of Tera.
 Oh, yeah, for just for political writings, which was a little bit frowned upon at the time.
 Mary Wollstonecraft as well, all sort of vindication of the rights of a woman.
 She and Mary Shelley's mum, and she and he had big beef, because again, all part of his,
 I think his theory that the natural is perfect. He then wrote, "Oh, well, actually, you know,
 it's women's nature to give care, and that's therefore all they should be taught to do."
 It was a very aggressive theory, even at the time, and Wollstonecraft argued back pretty stiffly.
 But Rousseau inspired the journey that produced Frankenstein.
 Really?
 Yeah, so you know, Mary Shelley and Byron and Percy Shelley went to Lake Geneva.
 They went to Lake Geneva in 1816.
 They were following in the footsteps of one of his novels, which was called "Juley",
 and it sat at the east end of Lake Geneva, and they were going on a bit of,
 I don't know what the term is, where you said, "Well, you said really well. Yeah, come on."
 They were following that, and so that's why they ended up there.
 Oh, cool.
 I didn't know that. That's fantastic.
 Rousseau's dad back to being a watchmaker. He said, "Just a random burn from his father,
 Mr. Rousseau said, "A Geneva watchmaker is a man who can be introduced anywhere.
 A perisian watchmaker is only fit to talk about watches."
 So this has a hard-core burn amongst the watchmaking community,
 1700s, Geneva.
 I've never, I wouldn't associate France with watchmaking, probably for that reason, right?
 Swiss watchmaking, of course.
 Yes.
 A French cuckoo clockmaker is only fit to talk about cuckoo clocks.
 Swiss cuckoo clockmaker.
 French tubular omega.
 (Laughter)
 Okay, it's time for our final fact of the show, and that is Andy.
 My fact is, "Rays Flirt" by Belly Flopping.
 I told you they're in confidence.
 (Laughter)
 Like a mantra, right?
 Like a mantra, right?
 They're all sorts of, I think they're 11 different species of
 modular ray, which are the great big diamond-shaped rays that you get
 with a mouth at one end and a tail at the other and two enormous lovely wings in between.
 And some of the species, specifically monk's devil ray, but I think a few of them do it,
 they do these incredible ballet displays out of the water.
 They gather in big groups and then they just launch themselves out and they go about two meters
 into the air. And these are huge animals as well, like they're big.
 And they land with this great big splash and they do it for hours at a time.
 And while I say flirt, scientists are reasonably confident it's communication.
 And it might be a way of luring more rays to your ray mating event.
 Okay, I'm sorry, Ray.
 Is that what you call it, Ray?
 (Laughter)
 It's often quite a solo, I don't know if these guys are.
 What do they have in the night?
 (Laughter)
 There are hundreds of them in there.
 I'm sorry.
 (Laughter)
 So it might be flirting, basically, it might be hunting, but it seems to be communicating.
 They're not sure.
 The mating habits of rays come on.
 Come on.
 Have you heard of the man-to-train?
 No.
 This is man-to-rays.
 There's a real replacement man-to-bus.
 I'm afraid today.
 (Laughter)
 This is a way of courting that happens amongst man-to-rays where a female will swim up front
 and she'll be followed by a train of male man-to-swimming behind her.
 Like a conger?
 Yeah, exactly like a conger.
 And it's called it the conger reel.
 That would have been a clever...
 Yes, it would have been confusing.
 It would have been very confusing, yeah.
 And the idea is that they just follow.
 And it can last a very long time, sometimes several weeks,
 where they're just following and then they'll sleep and then follow and so on.
 On what this weekend, I saw a conger of caterpillars.
 Did you?
 There must have been 30 if there was two.
 And there was two.
 That was fantastic.
 It was in the carpark in Spain.
 And they were just walking like...
 As to nose, as to nose, as to nose.
 And they were all just wandering along.
 And I googled it and apparently they're looking for mating grounds
 or food or something.
 But they always go in this sort of conger line.
 Were they heading...
 Were they near the edge of the carpark?
 No, they all know.
 Oh, yeah.
 Oh, stuff.
 I just love the thought of you, Ron Holliday, in Spain.
 And everyone's going, "Oh, he's James, he's eyes on the carpark."
 Like, it's a cat.
 It's a cat.
 Just behind the caterpillars.
 Oh, dear.
 I'm going to watch Colo.
 That is cool.
 See this line on the road?
 Yeah.
 What it is, and the closer you get, the more you realise that it sees carpilling.
 Yeah.
 Well, this, I mean, this sounds like a pretty amazing thing to witness.
 And scientists do watch it.
 The story I read, yeah.
 The man to raise, where 20 rays were following the main lady who's called Big Bertha.
 They named, they, I think, the name all the rays.
 Because there's Miles Ray.
 They said she was being closely followed by Miles Ray.
 We thought that he was the one for her later on.
 When we checked out the footage, we found out Lightning Ray had pursued her on his own.
 I've got thinking of a few new nicknames for myself.
 Have you guys could start calling me Lightning Ray?
 Yeah, so yeah, that's what they do.
 And they just, they've battled it out, or whoever lasts till the end.
 I'd also recommend to anyone listening to this.
 It is not a smart fluting strategy to follow a woman for weeks at a time.
 The group of your friends.
 There was, in 2024, there was a Ray who managed to successfully mate on their own.
 And there was a female stingray living with a load of male sharks.
 And she became pregnant.
 And what a lot of people thought is maybe she'd been impregnated by the sharks.
 Because she had like bite marks on the side of her.
 And that's quite often sharks will bite when they're mating to kind of get a grip.
 But I think generally speaking, what we think has happened now is that she
 got pregnant through pathogenesis.
 So females have, they have their egg cells, but they also have another thing in
 their body called polar bodies.
 And these contain genes as well.
 And if there are no males around, then the polar bodies can get into the eggs
 and they can then turn into...
 Oh, wow.
 The virgin birth.
 It's virgin birth.
 It's even crazier in a way.
 There are some rays, but it sounds like it's not this one.
 Because otherwise, it might have been mentioned that can sort of hold and incubate
 the sperm that they collect.
 And that can be held for quite some time.
 Critic female choice.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Yeah, that's what I would have thought it was.
 But clearly...
 Yeah, well, I don't know.
 Like, the scientists are still not certain, but they think it's this kind of polar body thing.
 Raised in general, I said there are...
 What did I say? I said 11 species of mobular ray.
 And they're known as the mobulids, which is a great name.
 So three of those species are manta rays.
 And the other rate are devil rays, right?
 Sorry, right.
 I had no shame.
 Good, no shame.
 But they've been recategorised a lot lately.
 And I think the last time we talked about them was about eight years ago.
 They had just been all shaken up and redistributed and rearranged.
 Oh, yeah.
 Scientifically, it's a new...
 Because there's a new effect.
 There's no such thing as a ray.
 Yes, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 And so the newest manta ray was discovered in 2025 last year.
 We're still just going to...
 These things are massive as well.
 And it was by a scientist called Andrea Marshall.
 The Atlantic manta ray is the third species of manta ray that we now know about.
 And back in 2009, she had observed it and thought it was a bit fishy.
 Anyway, and it's taken until now to prove it, right?
 And to sort of demonstrate it and sort of do the analysis to show that it's a separate species.
 The amazing thing was, in 2009, she and her colleagues had also first described
 the second species of manta ray.
 I just think it's amazing.
 And the reason it's so hard to scientifically describe them
 is that what do you need to describe in these species?
 You need to know that it's not the same as an old species.
 Yep, but what's the way of proving it is what I mean?
 Oh, genetic testing.
 Yes, but what do you need to do genetic testing?
 Some genetic material.
 You need a body.
 Right.
 And these things, they're really hard to study.
 A, because when they die, they sink.
 Dimer.
 And secondly, they're made of cartilage, not bone, which decomposes faster.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 So it's bloody hard to get hold of a sample.
 They're still quite mysterious. They're still quite strange alien things.
 And it just takes a very long time to find one that's washed up.
 Right.
 And get it to a scientist in time, that kind of thing.
 So yeah.
 Can I quickly point out, you did do a fact, no such thing as a ray
 on the show ages ago.
 And I think that applies right here, right now.
 Aren't I right?
 Matthew.
 I've been called to that.
 Oh no.
 You're not a real ray.
 No, that is true.
 That is a ray.
 That's ray charlatan.
 That's true.
 It's a, it's a neck.
 It's a neck day.
 You know, he's called Ray.
 It's real nice Matthews.
 He's called Ray because he sounds like Ray Romano.
 That's what one of his friends thought at school.
 From everybody loves Raymond.
 And they'd all just started calling me Ray.
 And that's how it's called on.
 And I'm no one's genetically tested me here.
 No one's noticed that I'm not a genetically different species to Ray Romano.
 You know that Ray Romano really hated the name of that show?
 Everybody loves Raymond.
 And he hated it so much that he kept saying to the producers we need to change this title.
 And they made a deal with him apparently that if they made it into a top 10 show,
 they will change the name.
 And then they did it for a few years, became more and more successful.
 Eventually, they cracked the top 10.
 He went into the producers and said, right, we've got a deal.
 It's time to change the name.
 And they said, well, we can't change it.
 Now it's a top 10 show.
 Oh man, that's so funny.
 That's great.
 Everyone loves Raymond.
 Ray hated that name.
 Here's another one.
 Ray Parker, Jr.
 You heard of him?
 Ghostbusters.
 Right, the song Ghostbusters.
 Yes.
 Turns out, revealed in an interview recently,
 he is afraid of ghosts.
 You're busting myth off today, today.
 I trusted him.
 And he used to be a solo artist called Radio.
 That's a cool nickname.
 That is a cool name, yeah.
 They can be huge, Ray's.
 They can be 17 feet long.
 A giant devil ray.
 I mean, that's really, really big.
 Is that, and because
 is there wingspan bigger than their length?
 They're usually about the same, I think.
 They're legs wet.
 They're like, yeah, they're diamonds.
 Yeah, yes.
 But a mentorate 10 feet long needs to eat about,
 well, I suppose, any mentorate needs to eat about 12% of its body weight
 every week, right?
 Every week.
 That's not much.
 I don't fully know, like, what do we have to eat?
 Well, let's say you weigh 100 kilos, it'll be less than that,
 but so that'd be 12 kilos worth of food a week,
 which is less than two kilos per day.
 Two kilos feels like a lot.
 I'm thinking of my chocolate cereal in the morning.
 I'm thinking of my...
 If you buy a steak, it would be like 250 grams, right?
 Yeah, that's good.
 So that is a fair bit.
 So you would have to eat eight steaks every day.
 Okay.
 Okay, so that is a fair bit.
 I'm thinking of 10 kg of potatoes, plus a little bit more.
 Right.
 We all have our ways to visualize it.
 Well, that was on men2brayadvocates.com.
 Oh, yeah.
 It was just a cracking website.
 You may have found it in the course of your research.
 I'm on the devil rise education.
 No, no, no, no, no, no.
 I love it.
 Thank you.
 But they can only eat plankton.
 They can't eat 250 grams steak.
 They zoo plankton.
 You know, tiny, tiny things in the water.
 And men2brayadvocates.com calculated
 that a 10-foot ray would need to eat
 how many pieces of plankton a week?
 This is a guessing game.
 Yeah.
 10 million.
 10 million.
 T-pot, short.
 Oh, great.
 Okay. 10 million.
 What, 1.2 feet of plankton?
 I mean, okay, because you've done it in a different seat.
 You know, and that's fine.
 Oh, I see.
 Yeah.
 Very clever.
 Very clever.
 So you can just explain that for the rest of the journey.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Damn, pass.
 Okay.
 [LAUGHTER]
 James is closest because he answered in the unit
 that I was expecting people to answer in.
 [LAUGHTER]
 You say 10 million.
 10 million.
 19.2 million.
 19 million, 200,000.
 That's a lot of magnitude.
 Yeah, I could be right, depending on him.
 We do need to check the math on rays first,
 before we award those to change.
 It's a plankton.
 But they have to keep swimming forward as they eat,
 because they're a thing called
 obligate ram ventilators.
 They can't go through them, and they take the air out of it.
 Exactly, yeah.
 They have to keep--
 So you've got to just--
 Some ancient sharks will do this.
 You just have to keep moving forwards otherwise you die.
 Yeah.
 It's quite cool.
 I think that's quite a good--
 It's quite a--
 It's good metaphor for life.
 Yeah.
 If you stand still.
 The reason I thought dolphins is they sleep
 half-brain at a time, so that they can still swim.
 I don't think that's to do with the breathing, though.
 I think that might be more to hide from predators.
 Yeah.
 Because dolphins have to surface, obviously.
 But so how do you raise sleep?
 Don't know.
 Right?
 [LAUGHTER]
 Can't comfortably, but after going through every social faux
 power I may think to you.
 [LAUGHTER]
 One quick thing on belly-flopping.
 Oh, yeah.
 Have you ever heard the idea that if you belly-flop
 from a very high position, and then land on water,
 it's just as bad as landing on concrete?
 I haven't heard it yet.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Do you think it's true?
 Oh, well, thank you.
 I can-- yes.
 I keep seeing videos now of people diving
 from very high heights in a belly-flop position,
 and landing in the kind of--
 So you think no?
 I think no.
 And I know this room, I suppose you'd say that.
 If you throw something before you land,
 it breaks the tension of the water.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's true.
 My feeling as the answer is no, but it still hurts a lot.
 I think that's fair.
 I think that's probably right.
 Mythbusters, our friends at Mythbusters,
 they did some tests and threw two big pig carcasses
 out of a helicopter.
 And they x-rayed it, and they found that the pavement drop
 resulted in 17 fractures, a shattered pelvis,
 and a decapitation, while the water drop yielded seven
 fractures and a broken neck.
 Oh, yes.
 So neither of them's good for you, but definitely
 hitting the pavement is more of an impact.
 One last thing from me, January 15th, 1990,
 Lottie Stevens was out on a boat in New Caledonia
 when his boat capsized.
 And according to the story, as reported by Radio Vanuatu,
 he was drifting for four days before a giant stingray came
 and gave him a ride back to land.
 Yeah.
 What's going on?
 They're living some avatars, right there.
 Ray, you're not the face of Vanuatu at the moment.
 Yeah, I have the face of Vanuatu.
 What do you mean?
 Because I found this guy floating at sea.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Are you really connected to Vanuatu?
 Yeah, I did have tourism campaign for Vanuatu last year.
 You could meet Lottie Stevens, because I'd love to know more.
 The stingray carried him for 450 miles back to shore.
 It took 13 days of being carried on the back of the stingray
 before they got home.
 This is so wonderful.
 We didn't emphasize that part of the tourism campaign.
 You're swimming out as far as you like, don't you?
 [LAUGHTER]
 There's stuff out there that'll bring you back.
 She'll bring me back.
 [LAUGHTER]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 OK, that is it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we have said over the course of this podcast,
 we can all be found online.
 I'm on Instagram, on @Sriberland.
 James.
 My Instagram is no such thing as James Harkin, Andy.
 My name is @AndruhunterM, and Ray.
 @RaileryComedy.
 Oh, nice.
 And Ray, so you're on tour in the UK right now.
 Yes, getting all over the beautiful British Isles in Ireland.
 And maybe Barcelona, but yes, there's a city nearby.
 I'll probably be there.
 And that's in February of--
 Yeah, February march this year, yes.
 In the UK.
 Yes, and then Australia the rest of the year.
 OK, cool.
 Check it out online, everyone.
 Go find the date, Sea of Rae is coming to a town near you.
 Or should I say, Matthew?
 And definitely go see his show.
 And yeah, and if you want to get in contact with us,
 generally as a group podcast at qi.com, send us your emails there.
 We will be reading the best of those out on our special show.
 Drop us a line, which is part of Club Fish.
 That's our secret members club.
 It's a place where we do extra stuff.
 It's on Patreon.
 So if you want to check it out, patreon.com/nosuchthing is a fish.
 You can also send in your favorite facts.
 Because we have our Monday show, Little Fish,
 where we put down our facts.
 And we read the best of your facts.
 So do send them there.
 And otherwise, just come back next week.
 Because we're going to be back here with another episode.
 And quickly, huge thanks once again to our team here,
 Leigh and Ethan Ruperallia, as well as all the bigger fish
 buster gang.
 And we'll see you again next week.
 Goodbye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
