 [MUSIC]
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish,
 a weekly podcast coming to you from the QI offices in Hoburn.
 My name is Dan Schreiber,
 I'm sitting here with Anna Tyshinski,
 Andrew Hunter Murray and James Harkin.
 Once again, we have gathered around the microphones with
 our four favorite facts from the last seven days,
 and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, that is Anna.
 My fact this week is that ancient Rome had a secret name,
 and no one knows what it was to this very day.
 To this day.
 To this very day.
 It's very cool.
 It is very cool.
 It also, when you're looking into it,
 it also seems like did they?
 Was there definitely a secret name?
 Why do you think they're all making it up?
 It seems like it might have been something that was written by
 historians a bit later.
 No, no, it was written at the time.
 It was so, there's a bunch of ancient sources that claim it
 from about the first century onwards.
 So it's Plinian Plutarch of the first, but they quote.
 Paulini, she's quoting Paulini.
 Yeah, yeah.
 It was about six or seven different writers throughout
 the ancient Roman period saying this was a thing with
 like varying different accounts of what exactly it was.
 But they mostly said it's a name that only very few people know,
 like just really extreme dignitaries,
 with the queen and her corgis basically.
 And then even though they know it,
 they're not allowed to say it, even in special ceremonies.
 A couple of the writers said,
 "Sometimes in ceremonies they say the name, but no, there was..."
 What do you reckon it was?
 There's a few ideas, right?
 There are some ideas which are bullshit.
 Amor.
 Amor is the main one, first mentioned in the sixth century.
 An anagram of Rome.
 Indeed, just Rome backwards.
 The paladrome.
 And they call the city of love, don't they?
 That is Paris, famously.
 Yes, Syrap I call it.
 Yeah, there is that theory which is from a scholar called
 John the Lydian in the sixth century who said,
 just confidently, it was called Amor.
 That was a secret name.
 We don't seem to have evidence for that.
 And why?
 For protection, I think so.
 There's also a lot of stuff alongside it saying
 there was a secret goddess who protected Rome.
 And the reason you can't say the goddess's name
 is that then your enemies will know her name
 and then they can use her and they can call upon her
 and say, help me and stress.
 She would defect was the idea, right?
 She defect, yeah.
 And go with the enemy.
 So that's quite a common thing, I think, with gods, right?
 It's like if you know their name,
 then you can tell them what to do kind of thing.
 I think they happen in Egypt quite a lot.
 Like in the Book of the Dead, for instance,
 when you go to the underworld, you have to pass through these gates.
 But the only way you can pass through is if you name the gods,
 because you name them and when you've got the name,
 they have to do whatever you tell them.
 Is that, I mean, I'm hearing Rumpelstiltskin big time here.
 Oh, yes.
 It's basically the same story, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 Except he's going to, what is it, he's going to marry you
 if you don't know his name, he'll marry you,
 which is a bigger, is a more immediate threat.
 Yeah.
 There is a lot of people who've come up with ideas about this.
 So the Roma Amour idea, there was an author called Dolores Prato.
 And she said that one reason for saying
 that this could be the case is a lot of early Romans
 used to read and write from right to left.
 So they were very good at knowing...
 Palantroes.
 Palantroes, basically.
 Wait, did they, why did they read and write from right as in...
 Early Romans, according to Dolores Prato.
 Maybe Arabic influences, I don't know.
 Is that likely?
 In ancient, in the penitentiary.
 I've never heard that.
 I'll tell you one thing they did do is they used to write like
 secret squares, right, where you would write loads of five-letter words
 one after the other.
 And then the last one would be the reverse of the first one.
 And then if you read them up and down or left and right
 or on the diagonals, they all said the same thing.
 Abracadabra is one of those words.
 Well, you can write it in a triangle.
 So it's like one of those.
 And that's very powerful.
 There's a famous thing called the Sattor Square.
 Oh, yes.
 Sattor something, opera something, rotors.
 In fact, it sounds like Prato is a name that would fit
 in one of these mystical squares.
 Dolores Prato.
 Yeah, and what is that?
 Prato must be an anagram that says gotcha, you know,
 something like that, obviously not that.
 So there was someone supposedly who was executed for saying the name.
 Yes, you know, it was terrible punishment if you said it.
 Soranus, he was called.
 Stop it.
 Well, what, CJ?
 He was called Soranus.
 Now, people who listen to the podcast might remember Soranus.
 There was a guy called Soranus of Ephesus who came up with the idea
 of a midwife putting their fingers up your bum
 to orient the head of a baby before you give birth.
 But it's not that Soranus.
 It's a different Soranus.
 And this Soranus is according to Pliny.
 He was the first writer to provide a table of contents in a book ever.
 Before that, if you wanted to look something up,
 you just had to read the whole thing.
 But he invented the idea of putting a table of contents.
 And then he got into a barney with some of the bloke.
 And then he went to court and he said the name of Rome
 and he got executed.
 Yeah, right.
 But the main thing is the contents thing.
 Which is a bigger contribution to history?
 Which Soranus?
 Well, I think Soranus, the midwife.
 You say Soranus and I say Soranus.
 I think the midwife guy, because he's saved quite a lot of wives with that.
 Does that work?
 It does work.
 Yeah, I didn't know that.
 If you've got a breech baby and not like a full breech one,
 but if you're just trying to move the head in the right place.
 But if you don't have a table of contents,
 how can you even read a midwifery book to learn that in the first place?
 Well, fairness, Anus will be right near the start of the book.
 That's true.
 I wonder, you know, that thing of in ancient Rome,
 so many things would have been invented.
 So many amazing characters who've been lost through the footnotes of time.
 And do we have two Soranuses purely because their name is Soranus?
 You have so misunderstood classical historians, I don't know where to start.
 There are a lot of these sort of mystery cults, weren't there?
 So this name of Rome was to be used in sacred rituals, you know?
 Maybe, according to Sun.
 Okay, well, if it's never used, then what are we all doing here?
 I mean, but there was a place called the Cave of Rome.
 Did you hear of this?
 No. This is great.
 This is buried deep under the ruins of the palace of the Emperor Augustus.
 It was full of mosaics and seashells, which is pretty cool.
 And this may, according to legend,
 this is where Rome itself came to be.
 OK. I.E. where Romulus and Remus got suckled.
 They were found there by the wolf, the twins.
 I didn't know they were the sons of the God Mars.
 That gets glossed over a lot in the story.
 Like, they were Nepo babies, basically.
 They were just random twin babies who were left and then found by all.
 I don't think they are in all stories, are they?
 OK, maybe not. They might be.
 But there were ceremonies there for hundreds of years,
 and that's the secret cave of Rome.
 Do we know where it is?
 It's under the ruins of the palace of the Emperor Augustus,
 as I said, 30 seconds ago.
 But it's a real thing.
 Yeah, it's real. Right.
 On these secretive cults, I think my favourite is Mithraism or Mithraism.
 The thing about secret cults is they were really secret,
 so no one was allowed to write anything down or say anything.
 So it was all just rumour about what happened there,
 based on what people said.
 But they did stuff like there was lots of archaeological sources
 of Mithraic temples, where there's people killing bulls.
 There's one in London.
 There's a Mithraium in London.
 Yes.
 They found it when they were excavating.
 I can't remember what they were digging up.
 Yes, it's Rael or something.
 I think it was near the Museum of London, weirdly, it was found.
 Yeah, and they reconstructed what it would have looked like.
 And at the end, there's the classic image of Mithra slaughtering a bull.
 That was the big image of him wearing a Phrygian cap and Anatolian trousers.
 Oh, lovely. That was his...
 I can picture it now.
 That was his look.
 I think Phrygian cap is what the Smurfs wear.
 Yeah, yeah, they do.
 And Anatolian trousers, I don't know what they are.
 They're just trousers from modern-day Turkey.
 I imagined black pirate pants.
 I remember, yeah, like whirling dervish pants,
 so quite wide around the thighs and then tight around the knees.
 Yes.
 It's like MC Hammer.
 Yes, exactly.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 It was a primitive MC Hammer cult, basically.
 That's what he's based on.
 My favourite place in Rome is Amethraic Temple.
 It is by far the coolest site.
 Forget everything else, forget the Coliseum.
 About five minutes from the Coliseum,
 there's the Basilica of San Clement.
 Have you guys been to it?
 No, I think I might have been, maybe.
 It's an 11th-century church, you go in, 11th-century church.
 And there was a cleric who worked in the church in 1867,
 the friar who worked in the church,
 who just found that underneath it was hollow,
 and so they excavated underneath,
 and they found a fourth-century church,
 and now you can go descend down into that.
 So that's, you know, in the olden days, things were lower down
 because the ground hadn't accumulated on top of it yet.
 And that's incredible,
 and you're looking at fourth-century stuff, artwork preserved.
 Wow.
 And then, here it comes, a layer below they discover,
 not one, but two things, an ancient Roman house,
 which you can now wander through, deep underground,
 and the Amethraic Temple,
 which you can sit in.
 It's the coolest thing ever,
 and you can sit there and pretend to be taking, you know,
 sermons from the bullkiller or...
 Wow, that's very cool.
 Yeah, that's awesome.
 That's really cool.
 We don't know much about these places
 because you weren't supposed to...
 You weren't supposed to go there if you weren't allowed,
 and you often didn't write about them, right?
 Yes, exactly, it was only for initiates.
 But there was one,
 there was a festival of the goddess of fertility
 who's called Bonadir.
 It was only women who were allowed to go,
 and since men were the people who write stuff down,
 we didn't really know anything about it.
 But there was a huge scandal
 because a guy called Publius Claudius Pulcher, or Pulca,
 he disguised himself as a woman in 62 BC
 and went to the festival,
 and when people found out about it,
 oh, my days, this is bad news, oh, boy.
 I think that story is in one of Cicero's speeches.
 I think I've read the prosecution speech from that trial.
 I think it exists, wow.
 But the interesting thing is
 that he was prosecuted for incest.
 What?
 Claudius was one of the sort of chief gang dudes in ancient Rome,
 and he had a very, very attractive sister.
 And there was a big--
 That's no excuse, Andy.
 Absolutely not, but it was a big...
 Your honor, but your honor.
 Just look at her, your honor.
 Yeah, and that was one of his big rivalries.
 But can I say, for the listener,
 even though he was done for incest,
 he hadn't had sex with his sister.
 It was like a technical thing,
 because there was a thing about
 if you had sex with a Vestal Virgin,
 then that was counted as incest,
 because they were kind of the children of the city kind of thing
 who looked after the city and all that kind of stuff.
 And this was like an extension of this,
 because he defiled this cult of women.
 It counted technically as incest,
 even though none of them was related to him.
 Hang on, why do we know his sister so well?
 He also had, in his speech,
 I'm pretty sure I remember Cicero says,
 "Look at the sister on him though."
 You know, he was very much implying that he had also,
 I think, slept with his actual sister.
 That was a sort of low trick from Cicero, it wasn't so...
 Is that, James, what you said is that unbiased history,
 or is that the defense lawyer's speech that you read,
 that you got those facts?
 I don't know.
 Like, I got it from Wikipedia, I'll be honest.
 Now, I did read some of the...
 I read the Cicero thing.
 Like, I don't think it's biased.
 I think this is stuff that actually happened.
 No, that's just he got in trouble
 for invading the woman's space, as people shouldn't.
 But did he find out anything good?
 What were they doing?
 Were they all teaching how to insert tampons and stuff?
 They were all reading scary stories and kissing each other.
 Knew it! Knew it!
 Hey, can I tell you very quickly,
 this is not Ancient Rome, but it's Ancient China.
 It's a pretty astonishing thing.
 I was just looking into general secrets
 that we still don't know much about.
 For a good 3,000 years,
 there was a secret women's language called Nuxu,
 which is lady writing, basically.
 And it was for women who needed to pass on information
 to each other that they didn't want men to have any idea about.
 And they created an entire script.
 It's only in the 1980s that we even found out it existed.
 It lasted, yeah, for close to 3,000 years.
 So, the only thing I noticed is you guys found out it existed.
 We actually know...
 No, if you've ever watched ITV,
 the show Loose Women is actually broadcast in that language.
 And this language that women only speak is called New Shoes.
 Sex in the city is based on a lot of it's writing.
 Yeah, but it's amazing that it's all these years.
 And it's coming back, the last writers of it
 died a couple of decades ago,
 but they've worked it out and they're teaching it again,
 and so it's becoming a language again.
 It's beautiful to look at.
 It's actually, as someone pointed out, very sexy to look at.
 If writing could be sexy, this is it, yeah.
 Have you guys heard of boob slang?
 This is not related to Nuxu, by the way.
 This is a modern thing. This is New Zealand we're in now.
 And what's an environment where you get a lot of slang?
 - Sailors. - Not far off.
 It's an enclosed space.
 - Workshop. - Prisons.
 - Prisons. - Oh, it's not far off.
 I just want to say, it's when he's sailor's listening.
 Yeah, we know what you did, and you're very lucky
 that you haven't been banged up yet, no.
 What are they going to do, James? They're at sea.
 I could just hear right now.
 Set a course for London.
 Right now, ships are turning.
 I just need to stay.
 I just need to stay in central Leicestershire,
 and I'll be fine.
 No boob.
 Grand Eugie and Camel!
 No boob slang is a New Zealand prison language.
 And it has 3,000 separate words.
 So obviously, let's get into it.
 What is boob?
 It's the name of the language.
 Yeah, well, boob slang is the language.
 - Oh, it's the boob. - It's the name of the person.
 - It's prison. - It's prison.
 - We're in the boob. - We're in boob.
 So what's a boob story?
 - It's a story that you tell when you're in prison. - Prison story.
 Are they all hang-up?
 And that's how they all work.
 What are boob handcuffs?
 I said, has anyone eaten boob lunch today?
 What am I asking?
 I think boob story is how you ended up in the big house, basically.
 All right, what's a double yoka?
 Oh, a double yoka.
 - Is it two black eyes? - Is it a bit of great luck?
 It's just an idiot.
 A double yoka. I don't know why.
 I would think a double yoka would be brainier than the average.
 Is it like a yoko?
 But then the doubly as yokely as a yoko.
 It might be. It doesn't have an anonyme.
 Let's have one more. What's a good night kiss?
 Oh, it's one of those shower things that we don't know we should get into.
 Knockout punch.
 Get your hands off my boob boobs.
 Dan's right. It's a knockout punch.
 So be very careful if you ask someone in prison to give you a good night kiss.
 Do you think you would?
 I don't know.
 I think it would make you feel happy, wouldn't it?
 I was reassuring you a bit.
 - To the guards. - Yeah, to the guards.
 - On night number one. - Excuse me?
 My mummy always.
 OK, it is time for fact number two, and that is James.
 OK, my fact this week is that in 2010, Jaguar made a car
 that sounded like an actual Jaguar.
 Give us an idea of what that sounds like.
 Roar!
 - Yeah, OK. - It's very good.
 I had to do the hand gesture when I do that as well.
 I sort of think cars sound a bit like roaring animals.
 It was easier than making it sound like a laughing hyena, for instance.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah. - You know, there wasn't much to tweak.
 But I did listen because you can hear a sample online.
 And it does start with the regular car sound.
 And in your head, you're going, "Oh, that doesn't sound..."
 And then out of nowhere, a Jaguar sound.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah. - And yeah.
 So it does, it is distinctly different.
 Yeah, so this was debuted at the 2010 Paris Motor Show.
 And it was the Jaguar CX75.
 And it was designed by a guy called Ian Callum.
 And then last year, he's started his own business now
 called Callum That Makes Cars.
 And he is making his own version,
 which is the original one was a concept one.
 I think it was in the movie Spectre.
 - Yeah. - But he's making ones that are street legal.
 So they've got the basic safety that you need
 and the right emissions and stuff like that.
 So if you want to give him a loaded dash, he'll make you one.
 - So Spectre, they were provided supposedly
 with about five of these cars, five to seven.
 No one actually knows how many of these have been produced
 as of yet because it's not on the road.
 - Another one of those secrets. - It's another secret, yeah.
 And if anyone watches it, it's a chase scene,
 Bond is in the nest in Marden,
 and he's being chased by someone who is in this Jaguar.
 - Don't watch Spectre just for that chase though.
 - Are there other reasons to watch it?
 - No. - Right, thank you.
 - Well, so if you're going to watch it,
 it should be just for that chase, it sounds like.
 - Oh yeah, that's a good point.
 - Can I just say one more thing about Ian Callum?
 - Oh yeah. - By the way,
 when he was 14 years old,
 he submitted a car design to Jaguar
 in the hope of getting a job.
 And then later on, he went on to work for them.
 - That's very cool. - Yeah.
 - I just want to see that car that he designed,
 'cause I'm sure, I mean, he's one of the great car designers,
 but for 14 year old,
 it's gonna look like Homer Simpson's car, isn't it?
 - Have you seen a cyber truck?
 - So on car sound, something that is added by manufacturers
 is the noise of car doors closing,
 or it's enhanced by manufacturers.
 - Shulk that, shulk.
 - Yeah, 'cause they think that,
 so cars used to be heavier,
 they made of different materials,
 so they made that really satisfying, deep clunk.
 And now car manufacturers don't actually need
 to use such heavy materials, they're a bit more efficient,
 but they think if people hear a lighter, tinny clunk,
 they'll think it's not as expensive.
 So then they alter the design
 to make the car door thudding clunk sound more,
 and they go to huge lengths.
 So what was it?
 Cadillac was saying that they listened to dozens
 and dozens of different cars
 and make notes on their sounds,
 and then investigate all the cars
 to work out what's making that sound the way it sounds,
 and then combine them.
 - I don't know if you've heard that,
 cars are big business.
 - I've never seen one.
 - What would you, to your car, sound sonically, if you could?
 - One of those boop boop boop horns.
 - A clown horn.
 - A clown horn, a clown horn.
 - Yeah, that's nice.
 - I saw one grab in a boob in the '87s.
 - Yeah, I do have a favorite car sound now
 as a result of looking up this fact,
 which is pink noise.
 You heard a pink noise?
 This is a really fascinating innovation.
 So this noise is something you would only ever hear
 if you're about to get into a crash,
 and they're anticipating--
 - Who's it?
 - Fuck!
 - Oh, you have heard it.
 Yeah, pink noise, it's really interesting.
 So one of the things that happens to a lot of people
 who get into big crashes,
 the sound is incredibly loud,
 and it damages their hearing.
 So when it detects a potential collision,
 it puts out this sound, which is at 80 decibels,
 which basically prepares your ear
 for this even louder 165 decibels
 that it's about to receive.
 And so it's a way of getting your ears into a place
 where they're not gonna get damaged.
 - What?
 - Yeah, it's really interesting.
 - 'Cause my car has a thing which beeps
 where it thinks I'm about to hit something,
 but that's not this, right?
 And it's going on all the time.
 I've actually had to rip it out.
 (laughing)
 - That's incredible, and that protects your ears
 by warming your ears up to that.
 - I don't think your ears could be tricked
 out of mechanical deafness.
 - No, it's so, okay, this is what it says.
 It says, "It triggers muscles in the ear
 "to contract by reflex, automatically bracing the inner ear
 "and the ear drum for extremely loud noise by the crash."
 - You've all heard of Hans Zimmer.
 - Yeah, of course.
 - Yeah, invented the Zimmer frame.
 - That's right.
 (laughing)
 So we're talking Inception,
 Pirates of the Caribbean, The Lion King,
 Gladiator, Dunkirk, Dune.
 - He did the music for them.
 - He did the music.
 He did the music for all of these.
 Dune too.
 - He also designed the sound of the BMW.
 So electric cars, they don't have
 an internal combustion engine.
 They do not need to sound like a car.
 But you can't just have them sounding like anything
 'cause if you're driving close to someone,
 they need to know there's a car passing by.
 - And they need to know it's a car.
 You can't do a horse noise or like a crazy bird noise.
 - Exactly.
 - That's a temptation.
 - But Hans Zimmer was given the brief
 to define what was it,
 to compose the sound of e-mobility for BMW.
 (laughing)
 - And it's exactly the exact same.
 - It was really good.
 - And I listened to it and it just sounds like a car.
 - Well, that's the idea, then, Andy.
 - No, but it sounds too much like a car.
 As in if I was getting Zimmer on the case,
 I'd want something that revolutionized.
 - Yeah, but when you watched Dune,
 did you think, oh, that just sounds like a giant worm?
 (laughing)
 Like he's just brilliant at making things
 sound like they're supposed to sound.
 - Really, the worms sound like a BMW.
 (laughing)
 - It's very confusing.
 Yeah, no, and they have an in-helps person,
 don't they, BMW, who is doing this.
 So Zimmer was sort of brought in to collaborate
 with a guy called Renzo Vitale,
 who's already there creating these sounds.
 'Cause as we know, and we've spoken about
 on this podcast before,
 it is a time where the electric car is knocking out sounds
 and people are finding that incredibly scary.
 In fact, Jaguar are saying that they're gonna go
 entirely electric by this year.
 And who knows if that's gonna happen,
 but that certainly was said a while ago.
 And so things like the British Library
 are starting to archive car sounds.
 So the Jaguar car sound,
 which is a notably famous car sound
 amongst car connoisseurs,
 is now part of the audio library in there
 because my children might never know that sound.
 - God, I can imagine the bore.
 If you see someone listening to that audio
 in the British Library of all the things
 you could be looking at,
 you're not talking to them, are you?
 - Imagine you see an attractive person
 on the other side of the train
 and they've got their headphones in
 and you think they'll sidle over,
 "Hey, what are you listening to?"
 (laughing)
 - And the Zimmer.
 - Oh, I love that.
 (laughing)
 - One thing where this is important
 is in formula E, which is like formula one,
 but for electric cars.
 I read an article in the Washington Post
 that was talking about this
 and they said that the cars were going round
 and they sounded like electric toothbrushes.
 (laughing)
 Going round.
 Which when you think about the formula one,
 it's like, "Round, round."
 But then I read another article
 that said that the old F1 engines,
 they had a volume that would peak
 between 500 and 2500 hertz,
 which is about the same frequency as a human scream.
 And that's the reason people like it so much
 'cause it really puts you on edge.
 - Right.
 - You're watching the cars
 but you're kind of on edge the whole time.
 You're really excited about it
 because your brain is thinking,
 "Is someone screaming there or something?"
 - Yeah, yeah.
 The drivers, it's always their first time.
 And they're very, very scared.
 (screaming)
 Even they got pink noise in there.
 But even petrol car noise is a fake.
 That's what I find so weird.
 Even these days, like the car door thing,
 it's this thing skeuomorphism.
 We've talked, maybe we mentioned this before,
 it's where you have a new technology
 but you keep an element from the old technology
 for aesthetic reasons.
 Like an app which has a picture of a bookshelf
 to trick you into thinking you're reading an ancient tome.
 You know, it's just that skeuomorphism.
 And all these modern cars, even petrol ones,
 still, they play fake engine noises.
 Some of them literally have speakers in the cabin.
 - They do, wasn't it?
 I think a car journalist found this out.
 It was in the Ford Mustang,
 which has apparently an incredibly famous sound.
 He broke his speakers or something,
 or pulled a fuse that took his speaker out
 and he was like, "Oh my God, the engine's gone off."
 And it turns out that's just...
 - It's great.
 I think so many sounds must be manufactured
 in a way that we don't realize.
 It's like secret sounds everywhere.
 Someone was telling me that they have an old mouse
 which when you click, you hear a noise.
 And apparently it's a little speaker in there
 that is playing that.
 (laughing)
 Yeah, it's a little tiny speaker that when you click it,
 it's playing a sound.
 It's not the click itself that's happening
 because people found it quite disorientating
 to have a mouse that wasn't clicking anymore.
 And so they created a little...
 - It sounds so real. - What is real?
 - I have a little speaker that I keep in my trousers
 'cause I can only do silent but deadly farts
 and it really puts people off.
 So whenever I know one's coming,
 I press the button and it makes them nice.
 - Wow, yeah.
 Oh, that's good.
 Is it Bose?
 'Cause yours are very basic, basic, yeah.
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, it is time for fact number three
 and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that Queen Elizabeth I
 never visited Shakespeare's Globe.
 However, she did visit a venue down the road
 to watch bears fighting a dog and monkey.
 - Oh, it does depend on the Shakespeare play, I would say.
 - Right, yeah. - Some Shakespeare plays,
 way better than a dog fighting a monkey.
 (laughing)
 Others, yeah.
 I read this, by the way,
 in a book called "London A Travel Guide Through Time"
 by Dr. Matthew Green.
 I love this book and my wife actually
 was the editor on the book.
 And it's actually--
 - Ah, that is this cool.
 - Is this Spond?
 It's like eight, 10 years old now, this book.
 - She's still looking back. - She's doing Worldies.
 (laughing)
 - Anyway, if you could all buy it
 with three children to feed.
 No, it's a fantastic book where Matthew Green takes
 the reader as if they were a time traveler
 through different periods of London.
 The first one you start in is walking along the South Bank
 and you're heading towards Shakespeare's Globe.
 But he makes the point that, surprisingly,
 Queen Elizabeth I never went to the Globe,
 but she did go to a venue that was very near to it
 to watch this extraordinary thing
 where bears would be brought into an arena
 and they would have dogs that would let loose on them
 and they would just fight until either it looked like
 the dogs have had way too much and were gonna die
 or that the bear looked a bit injured
 because these bears were kind of like professional wrestlers.
 They were famous in their day.
 People knew their names.
 One's even named in a Shakespeare play itself.
 So this is a big deal.
 So yeah, it's a-
 - Which is the famous one, can you remember?
 - Yeah, it's-
 - He was called "Team on a Bathance."
 - I think he was called "Sackerson," I believe.
 - Oh.
 - He was a real celebrity bear.
 - Yeah, there was Ned Whitting.
 There was Harry Hunks.
 There was Blind Bess.
 And then "Sackerson," yeah, in "The Merry Wives of Windsor."
 - Okay.
 - And yeah, it's literally the worst play.
 The worst of Shakespeare's plays, arguably,
 maybe the worst of all plays ever written.
 It's really bad.
 So did they throw "Sackerson" in
 just to sort of boost up its interest?
 - I have some ratings.
 - There's a theory that Shakespeare wrote it in nine days.
 It was a very, very rushed job play.
 - Right.
 - They had to quickly come up with something.
 And he just sort of said, "I'm gonna pull this out."
 - "I'll chuck a bear in there.
 People will rock up."
 And it was a fair fight.
 I think he said that it was bears fighting a dog and a monkey,
 but I think they would usually give him a few dogs.
 - Yeah, yeah, a bunch of dogs, sometimes the monkey.
 The monkey was usually on horseback.
 Like it was-
 - So it has an advantage there, doesn't it?
 - Yeah.
 - Wait, who's fighting who?
 - The monkey's on a horse.
 Who's the monkey on a horse fighting?
 - No, I think in that case,
 I think the monkey is just riding around on a horse
 as a bit of entertainment.
 - Oh, wait, so the bears didn't fight the monkey?
 - I think monkeys did fight bears.
 - But I don't think you could incentivize a bear
 to repeatedly attack a horse, can you?
 - Who's the horse fighting?
 The horse is just having a good time.
 - Yeah.
 - It's just a day out.
 - Horse is confused.
 It's just hanging out.
 Well, it was confusing, wasn't it?
 Because this is gruesome entertainment.
 Yet when you read people writing about it,
 it was like a great day out.
 - I read a lot of articles about it for this.
 One thing I really liked about it
 is they sometimes did it in pubs.
 And they do seem to have had bear gardens,
 which is where they did the fighting.
 Which is just like--
 - Is that where we get bear garden?
 - Well, I think.
 But yeah, lots of play.
 There's a trolling.
 I think the way we live now has the bear garden
 as the gentleman's club they go to.
 The name stayed on and bear garden was anywhere
 the bears for.
 - And there is a road called bear garden now.
 - Yes.
 - And Bear Lane, yeah, near the spots where this happened.
 - It's one of those sports which makes you think,
 oh, people in the past would just,
 I owe nothing to them.
 I don't care about their civilization.
 I don't think their values are at all interesting to me.
 - Well, let's not get into the cultural relativism.
 Is it Bellatoturf, Foxes and Shreds?
 Who knows?
 Who are we to judge?
 - Yeah, like you do every day.
 - I tell you that--
 - Andy, I've seen you on the hunt.
 - Yeah, but it's so, it's really grim.
 But the Puritans didn't like it.
 - They're boars though, weren't they?
 - The Puritans carried out plenty of it.
 They tried some things in other spaces and times.
 - Sorry, who were the boars fighting?
 (laughing)
 - The Puritans banned it.
 I think part of their objection was
 that it happened on Sundays.
 Not that it's a bit grim.
 - One of these arenas collapsed on the South Bank.
 And the Puritans all said that this was
 because God was displeasured about what was going on.
 - They would say that.
 - But actually, they weren't that bothered
 about bears getting hurt.
 They just thought everyone was having too much fun.
 - Yeah, that's the thing, it was encouraging odd ideas.
 Some of them cared about the animals,
 but majority of the Puritans didn't.
 And one of the places that collapsed
 is where Queen Elizabeth went to the venue itself
 when it was rebuilt and had a French ambassador
 come and see a show.
 So it was a private showing.
 I asked Dr. Matthew Green about the globe thing.
 And he said, "To be fair,
 "Queen Elizabeth didn't need to go to the globe.
 "Shakespeare came to her."
 So it's not as if she was against Shakespeare in plays.
 But she did go to one of the bear garden places.
 - 'Cause the bears wouldn't go to her.
 - The bears wouldn't go to her.
 They were drunk in the pub.
 - All Republicans.
 - And the other thing is,
 is that this whole point of trying to ban it on the Sundays,
 Queen Elizabeth herself actually overturned
 a parliamentary motion to have it banned on Sundays,
 'cause she was like, "No, this is great entertainment."
 - The bears, we should say, as you sort of did,
 they weren't killed that often.
 It was just a lot of the dogs they got through.
 The bears actually had quite a few times.
 - Did you see what they were wearing?
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - But the masts, my God, they went through a lot.
 And there was actually the, yeah, the dogs.
 There was a master of the king's bears
 who was deployed from about the 1400s, I think,
 who was the person who was responsible
 for looking after the royal bears,
 basically looking after bear fights.
 And they were constantly having to restock mastiff.
 So I think in Queen Elizabeth's time,
 in King James's time, it was a guy called Alayne,
 who was an actor, so he acted in plays and stuff.
 But also he had to be always going around the country.
 And he had the right to take people's dogs, I think,
 if he needed spare ones or can't seem to negotiate.
 And if anyone was doing a bear fight or a bear dog fight
 around the country, then he got a cut.
 - Which is pretty sweet.
 - It is wild.
 And apparently bears were literally walked
 past you in the streets, you know,
 they weren't like in cages.
 They're just on like a leech, like a dog,
 just sort of from the pub heading over to,
 say, oh, watch out for the bear.
 It's just wild time.
 - Step aside, darling.
 - Yeah.
 - I'm with Andy that this is a bad thing.
 - Yeah, actually.
 - Guys, James and I are, James and I are.
 - We're not putting you two against us two on this one.
 - Oh, look, I'm just saying, like,
 if anyone at home agrees with me and Andy, then, you know.
 - Thanks, James.
 - Really, thank you for the support there.
 And I'm so glad that we're on this.
 - Oh, it's very brave of you.
 Well done.
 (laughing)
 Look, there was other stuff that was like peripheral
 to the bear baiting, which was actually quite fun.
 So I was reading an account by, I think,
 a foreigner who came to watch one of these,
 obviously barbaric displays.
 But also there were-
 - Amazon boardnet, just feeling a bit cold now, Dan.
 (laughing)
 - Thought I slipped that in.
 So there were dogs chasing horses around
 as one of the rounds.
 So this is in between the bear baiting.
 You know, you use the arena for other things.
 Dogs chasing horses.
 Men and women were brought out in boxes
 to fight, dance and converse with each other for entertainment.
 (laughing)
 There was another quite fun thing
 where a man threw some white bread among the crowd.
 The crowd all scrambled for it.
 And then over the middle of the arena,
 a giant rose was fixed and then set on fire by a rocket.
 Lots of apples and pears fell down from this rocket
 while all the people were scrambling for the bread
 and scared the shit out of them.
 - That sounds like Hella Gabalus, doesn't it?
 - Yes, it does.
 - A man and emperor who used to do weird things like that,
 like drown people in rose petals and stuff.
 - Yes.
 I think none of these people even drowned
 in the raining apples and pears and bread.
 They just got a nice bit of white bread.
 It's just quite weird to imagine that crowd goes that mad
 for some crumbs of white bread.
 - I might have said this before,
 but I was in a cricket crowd once
 where people were throwing out bits of soiree and malt loaf
 and everyone were absolutely mental for that.
 - Oh, I don't blame you, I would too.
 That's nice.
 - Elizabethan sort of hobbies in general?
 - Yeah.
 - Sort of that kind of thing.
 I got a bit distracted by things
 that Queen Elizabeth liked doing.
 - All right.
 - She liked going to parties,
 specifically large parties held for her around the country.
 - Didn't you just have to go to those?
 Do we know that you like--
 - Far from, no, no.
 So you know the thing of royal progress is?
 - No.
 - It's where the monarch would go around the whole country
 and it dates back to a time
 when there wasn't a proper court and a proper castle.
 You might have a bit of a fortress,
 but basically to subdue your territory
 and show you're still the boss man,
 you have to go around quite a lot
 and the court is always on the move.
 And that still survived even when Queen Elizabeth
 was on the throne.
 You would progress to various different
 stately homes around the country
 and they would go into a huge tiz
 'cause the queen or king was coming and you'd have to--
 - Is that the same thing
 there's like certain stately homes still have laws
 that if the monarch goes there,
 then they have to give them a bed.
 - I think it's that, it's exactly that.
 New toilet seats and all of that.
 And there was one party which was hosted
 by the Earl of Leicester, who was Robert Dudley.
 - Yep, her fave, that's not all.
 - Her fave, he was constantly proposing to her.
 That was her other hobby was turning down the proposals
 of Dudley and he threw this huge party,
 the Kenilworth Spectacle in 1575, 19 days of partying.
 He built her her own micro palace on his grounds.
 And then she complained,
 I can't see the garden you've commissioned from my bedroom.
 So he had his gardeners build her a new version
 of the garden overnight under her window.
 Crazy, there was a water pageant
 with an 18 foot long mermaid.
 There was a moving island, there were fireworks,
 there was hunting, there were plays.
 He was the least popular man in England, we should say.
 He was incredibly popular 'cause his wife he married
 when he was a teenager had mysteriously died
 two years after Elizabeth became the queen.
 And there was a lot of talk that maybe he was responsible.
 - I guess back then as well, you don't know so many people.
 Like there's like six celebrities back then, right?
 So he would have been one
 and one's got to be the most hated.
 - It's not like you could have like some people hate
 Piers Morgan and some people hate Elon Musk.
 Like you basically, everyone's going for the same one.
 - I got six people to pick from, that's it.
 - Yeah, well, he was so unpopular.
 - Probably because everyone knew
 that he fancied Elizabeth, right?
 Everyone always hates the person
 who's trying to have the affair with the monarch.
 - And might have killed his first wife.
 - I don't like the first wife thing.
 - She definitely died two years after she became queen.
 So an old lady from Brentwood told her neighbors
 that my Lord Robert hath given her majesty a red petticoat
 implying that they've slept together.
 - New Zealand jail slang.
 - It's boob slang, yeah.
 She was jailed for even telling her neighbors that.
 - Really?
 - So they were crushing down on it.
 But yeah, so that was.
 - That's interesting.
 - Was the kennel a thing that he displayed put on?
 That was where they accidentally burned a town
 to the ground, right?
 (laughing)
 - That normally have not helped his popularity yet.
 (laughing)
 - I don't know that.
 - It was 1572, it was one of the things
 that he put on for Elizabeth.
 And he staged this huge mock battle for her.
 And they had these amazing fireworks.
 And then they had cannons that they just fired
 randomly into the air.
 And they all landed on the adjacent town
 and burned down a bunch of houses
 and killed at least one person.
 - That's the most upper class English sentence ever.
 Is that the town I accidentally burned down?
 (laughing)
 - Please, yeah.
 - Just very quickly, Henry VIII,
 father of Elizabeth the First,
 also loved bear baiting.
 And he used to go around the country as well.
 And one thing that he always brought with him
 was a locksmith who always put a new lock
 on the door that he was sleeping in
 of the room that he was in.
 - Really?
 - Yeah, 'cause he was so worried about assassination.
 And then when they left the next day
 or however many days later,
 he would take the lock off the door again.
 So you just have this messed up door
 as a result of the stay.
 And he would bring it to the next house
 and he would lock it onto the new door.
 - Oh, so it's one lock.
 He's not having to put--
 - I'm sure he had multiple,
 but he would always put it on and take it off.
 So you left with the lock.
 - That's quite good.
 That's a good plot device, I'm sorry.
 Like the lock man is the assassin, you know?
 - He's gonna be the first person everyone suspects
 when suddenly the lock has been opened.
 (all laughing)
 - Who could have done this?
 - It feels like someone's got something to hide, doesn't it?
 If they rock up at your sleepover and they say,
 "I've brought my own lock, don't mind me."
 What are you doing in there?
 What are you doing in there?
 It's so paranoid about.
 - Is the lock going on the sleeping bag here?
 - Wait, why would it, what?
 - Sorry, you just said someone turns up at your sleepover
 and they brought their own lock.
 - 'Cause I'm a sleepover,
 everyone gets their own rooms.
 (all laughing)
 - We're all gonna go to bed in our separate rooms now.
 - Oh, we're all going to a different wing.
 - Yeah, for the scary stories.
 Yes, perfect, yeah.
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show
 and that is Andy.
 - My fact is that in Edwardian times,
 you could order a barrel of seawater
 to be delivered to your inland home
 so you could keep on enjoying the health benefits
 of your holiday after it ended.
 - Now, do you have to get some sailors
 to come from their boats?
 - Oh no, a cracker for my nice fresh barrel of seawater
 to have my bath.
 Oh, it's full of jacktars.
 - Yes, was it to have your bath or was it to drink?
 Or was it to massage yourself with?
 - A bit of everything, a bit of everything.
 There's nothing that seawater couldn't do.
 - Right.
 - And this is from a great, it's from a sub-stack
 I subscribe to called "Reading On Trains"
 by Andrew Martin, which is all about trains.
 And it's mostly about trains that I got interested in this.
 - This isn't about trains though, is it?
 - No, it's about seawater.
 But seawater delivered by the Great Eastern Railway.
 - Oh my God.
 - So this was in Edwardian times,
 so in the early 20th century,
 you would get a barrel of seawater
 from Lowestoft to Liverpool Street
 and they would pump it into these massive wagons at one end
 and then they decant it.
 They have a little spigot at the other end,
 they just decant it into a barrel
 and then they send the barrels all around everywhere.
 And you would order a massive barrel of seawater
 and have a bath in the sea in your house.
 - Were there any poor kids who said,
 "Can we go on a beach holiday this year, Mum?"
 And they're like, "I'll do you, almost as good."
 - We have the sea at home.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 It was basically that.
 And this was all because people were obsessed with seawater
 being a really good thing for your health.
 - Yeah, this is a, so I now live in Margate
 and there's still a ginormous hospital there
 which was built as a royal bathing house,
 basically using sea therapy as a way of fixing people.
 - But ironically, at the moment,
 the trains don't really go from here to Margate,
 do they, Dad?
 - Yes.
 - That's why you're half an hour late this afternoon.
 - It's all right, 'cause once you get there,
 the sea's full of poo anyway.
 So it's fine, I know.
 This is the problem with sea these days.
 But it was, this is a big deal
 that kind of actually weirdly transformed
 the way that we visit beaches now
 because it was like a paupers thing
 and it was never part of holidays.
 And then suddenly when this hydrotherapy thing came in,
 suddenly everyone was going back to the beach
 and that's kind of created.
 - And that actually started much earlier, didn't it?
 Like 1750s, I think.
 - Like 1700s, yeah, exactly.
 - It's one doctor.
 - It was a guy called Richard Russell.
 And he's basically responsible for Brighton existing.
 He thought that seawater was great for you,
 much better than like getting the water from Bath
 or from an inland spa or Bugston or something.
 And he got a big old house in Brighton,
 the biggest house at the time,
 because Brighton wasn't really a thing.
 And he got a lot of people there
 and he cured them supposedly.
 - Of anything as well.
 It was the usual cures in the olden days.
 You could cure scurvy or jaundice or TB,
 a lot of TB cured by just drinking or bathing in.
 I think Richard Russell advised his patients
 to drink seawater and he said that a pint of it
 was sufficient to give three or four sharp stools,
 which I think he meant as a good thing.
 - Yeah, you don't want it sharp, do you?
 - It seems not today,
 but maybe it was sought after in those days.
 - You diluted it with milk or honey, either way.
 I mean, I did read that he variously included
 a few extra things, like he sprinkled in some,
 I read Crab's Eyes,
 which I can't believe is a cost effective thing,
 'cause seawater is quite cheap to get.
 Crab's Eyes feels like quite labor intensive.
 - Yeah, it feels like they've got a little bit of grit
 in the bottom of the seawater.
 So I know that's Crab's Eyes.
 - Is it because basically medicine wasn't very good
 at the time and seawater is at least relatively benign?
 Is that it?
 - No, who knows. - Is it fresh air?
 - They just didn't know about evidence-based medicine,
 did they?
 Oh, but I imagine the fresh air.
 - I think people just sometimes get better.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - Like from some things, sometimes people will say,
 "Oh, you've got tuberculosis
 "and actually you've got a terrible, awful cough."
 - Right.
 - And eventually it gets a bit better
 and you're like, "Oh, I'm cured of my TB."
 But they didn't do an actual test to see if you had TB.
 - Right, I see that, yeah.
 - This guy anyway, he sold his house to George III
 and then George III invited the Prince of Wales
 to visit him, the big Prince Regent.
 It was originally called the Bright Helmston
 and they decided to change its name to Brighton
 because the royals had started going there.
 So it literally was him that started Brighton.
 Brighton wasn't a thing before that.
 - Yeah, Bright Helmston is such a cool name.
 - When I look at it,
 I bet the locals pronounced it Brighton anyway.
 - Brick Helmston.
 - You know, it's one of those English names.
 - I did read that it was from about the 1600s.
 Most people had been calling it Brighton.
 But it was still officially Brick Helmston until about 1810,
 I think, which is back in the period you're talking about.
 - This was the same with Margate.
 So in 1791, this big hospital was called Margate Infirmary
 for the relief of the poor whose diseases require sea bathing.
 But then it got a royal patronage
 and became the royal sea bathing infirmary.
 And if you go down to Margate these days,
 most of the houses have very randomly
 just a little porch on the first floor.
 And the idea was you would push out your elderly relative
 onto the balcony of your house
 and you just leave them outside.
 And then you'd come and get them after hours and hours
 just to see how it affected there.
 So you see them all over these random balconies
 on those houses there. - That's cool.
 - Fresh air is good for you.
 And cold water is good for you, right?
 - A lot of things about going to the beach are very good too.
 You get away from the stresses of daily life,
 the pollution of London.
 - But being dunked, being dunked in cold water
 is definitely good for your health.
 It sort of triggers all sorts of adrenaline response.
 - It depends.
 If you dunk pneumonia, it's not really that good for you.
 - I don't think there's a huge, I mean, I'm a huge fan,
 as you know, big cold water bather.
 But I don't think there's a huge amount of scientific studies
 that have been done that definitively prove that.
 - There are a few things like,
 because you have this weird sort of reflex, don't you?
 Like a diving reflex.
 So I think it's something to do with your vagus nerve.
 - Yeah.
 And that was the idea at the time
 that it shocks you out of something.
 So this is why women were dipped, right?
 And dippers were celebrities.
 And they'd be-
 - Again, there were fewer famous people at the time.
 This is a Robert Dudley problem.
 - It was Robert Dudley and the dippers.
 - Dudley and the dippers is a great 1960s party.
 - Yeah, and the dippers were great.
 So they were men and women.
 And if you were a male bather who'd gone to Brighton,
 and often you'd be someone who couldn't swim
 'cause most people couldn't,
 then you'd need a dipper.
 And as a man, you'd have a male dipper.
 As a woman, you'd have a female dipper.
 But these were beefy, muscly people.
 I think one of the most famous ones was Martha Gunn
 in Brighton, who did it from 1750 to the early 1800s.
 And the idea was that you have your client.
 - Wow, she would have been quite old by then.
 - Yeah, she did it from, you know, 20 to 80 or whatever.
 - She lived until she was 90.
 She just was constantly dunking
 and just standing in the water all the time.
 Rain or shine?
 - Yeah.
 - Martha had very wrinkly toes.
 - Oh!
 - She's 90-year-olds to start off with.
 And then she's in the water all day.
 - You wouldn't be able to tell
 where it was natural wrinkle versus ocean wrinkle.
 - Yeah.
 - But you did a lot more than just dunk, of course.
 You tailored your treatment to your client.
 So if Dan came to me and was like, "I want to be dunked,"
 I'd say, "Why? What's wrong with you?"
 I'd work out how long you want to be dunked for,
 how many times, how deep, which bit of seawater,
 whether you want to massage with it.
 - We all know he wants to be dunked in lockdown
 until he's found the monster.
 (all laughing)
 - Now seawater, though, it's going to do nothing.
 There's a cool invention that came off the back of people
 wanting to bring the sea to them, as Andy was mentioning.
 You could use normal water as well for this,
 but there was an item that was invented in the 1890s
 called the rocking bathtub.
 And what it was is it's a bathtub,
 which is shaped in a sort of like crescent moon sort of shape.
 So like a, as if like a rocking chair.
 And you would sit inside,
 you would put three barrels of water inside with you,
 and then you would start rocking back and forth.
 - You'd add to the water out of the barrels?
 - No, into your bath.
 - Right, so you pour the water out of the bath.
 - Sorry, yeah, you don't hug the barrels, yeah.
 It's not Donkey Kong.
 (all laughing)
 So the idea was to create the ocean,
 to the waves, to make it feel as if you were in the ocean.
 So not only do you have your saltwater with you,
 you have the vibe of an ocean side.
 - I quite like doing that.
 I think that's good to do in the bath anyway.
 It's just my bath is not a rocker.
 Oh my God.
 - Whose mom has to come in and clear up the bathroom afterwards?
 - Well, it supposedly didn't leak, but it did.
 But supposedly it didn't, but it absolutely didn't.
 - I just am these bathrooms.
 After every time he has a bath,
 water all over the floor, isn't there?
 - It's pretty bad.
 Lot of rubber ducks,
 a lot of accurate bottles of World War II battleships.
 It's true about the place.
 Do you know it's still so handy?
 I know that sometimes you read these things
 and you think you want to have that in your own home.
 That's often how you are.
 You can get seawater delivered to your house still to this day.
 Yeah, I found a place.
 If you want the details, I'll forward them on.
 You can get 20 litres sent to your house for 19 pounds.
 And it's seawater that's sourced off the Dorset coastline
 from a deep water supply.
 And so this is largely for aquariums and so on.
 - Oh.
 (laughing)
 - Have water delivered to them.
 - I'm still interested.
 (laughing)
 - It's such a shame,
 'cause I literally just watched Andy write down
 all those details he gave him.
 And now I have to get a fish.
 - I've written 20 litres, 90 pounds in sourced Dorset.
 - It sounds great.
 - Yeah, but yeah, it happens.
 - Deep seawater I think is like a trendy thing
 that's supposed to be good for you, right?
 'Cause the minerals go down to the very deep part
 of the water and all the carbon goes down there
 and it can't really get anywhere out.
 So the minerals in there are really, really awesome,
 apparently, and it's supposed to be good for you.
 I think like some sports people use it to rehydrate
 'cause it's supposed to have more chemicals in it.
 - Right.
 - Yeah, is there any healthier than the rest of us?
 (laughing)
 - No, I've heard that.
 I think that's plausible.
 And also, but shallow seawater genuinely,
 there is a problem in the UK with lots of--
 - Yeah, it's terrible.
 - It's sewage and the--
 - Yeah, but you, I mean, you would fish the turds out
 when you, before you drink it.
 - And there's our slogan.
 - We fish the turds out.
 (laughing)
 - May contain turds.
 (laughing)
 - Prepared in a facility which contains turds.
 (laughing)
 We've made our best efforts, yeah.
 - I found some cool waters that exist out there.
 Melted water.
 Would you drink melted water?
 - Uh, so melted, so it was frozen?
 - I've had like water that comes from icebergs.
 - Yeah, so this is Lithuania, they make,
 but what's interesting is they grow and create the iceberg
 and then they melt them.
 So it's not natural icebergs.
 And then they put that melted ice into a bottle.
 And so yeah, apparently it tastes like puddle water,
 but it won the Lithuanian product of the year 2013.
 It won gold for that.
 - They don't have a lot going on in Lithuania, do they?
 - No, it must have been a thin year.
 - That's winning.
 (laughing)
 - In thin year in Lithuania, yeah.
 - That's very funny.
 - Also, interestingly mentioned just a few minutes ago,
 Loch Nesswater is now bottled.
 It's taken, it's put through filtration systems
 and they sell it.
 For example, the AIG Women's Open Golf Championship in 2024.
 It was the official sponsor.
 So all of their players were drinking Loch Nesswater.
 - Okay, now I wasn't interested in that
 until the very end, now I am.
 (laughing)
 Finally the crossover of interest with you and Dan.
 (laughing)
 It's a liver.
 - Yeah, the most famous person who would have done
 the sea bathing thing down in Margate is T.S. Eliot.
 - Really?
 - Yeah, T.S. Eliot came down and he did it.
 And he took time off from his bank job.
 He moved down there and his wife came with him.
 And that's where he started properly writing
 the Wasteland again.
 And--
 - Is that based on Margate?
 (laughing)
 - Yeah, my house gets a shout out, it's quite cool.
 (laughing)
 - Yeah, and so in the Wasteland,
 there's only one moment where you see through the eyes
 of T.S. Eliot, as in he's sitting in a spot looking up
 and that's by a bus stop down on Margate Beach
 as he was there using the sea air to recover.
 - Has it got a plaque?
 - It did, and that's down now, unfortunately.
 And what's even more annoying for T.S. Eliot,
 we did a great fact that his name is an anagram of toilets.
 It is literally right next to the public toilets.
 So--
 - People see the plaque saying T.S. Eliot,
 they just think it's a massive typo.
 (laughing)
 - No, right next to his plaque is in block words, toilets.
 - They put underneath in brackets, Wasteland,
 but that didn't help anyone.
 (laughing)
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, that's it, that is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we've said over the course
 of this podcast, we can all be found
 on our social media accounts.
 I'm on Instagram under the name Shriverland, Andy.
 I'm on blue sky at @adruhunterm.
 - James.
 - I won LinkedIn.
 (laughing)
 Under my real name.
 - Nice, what's your real name?
 (laughing)
 And Anna.
 - You can email podcast@qi.com
 or you can tweet @nosuchthing
 or Instagram @nosuchthingasafish.
 - Yep, or you can go to our website,
 nosuchthingasafish.com.
 Do check it out, 'cause you'll find there
 all of our previous episodes.
 You will also find a link to our awesome
 Private Members Club, Club Fish,
 where we put lots of bonus episodes
 down fun things happen there.
 Do check that out, otherwise just come back next week
 'cause we will be back with another episode
 and we'll see you then, goodbye.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
