 Hi everybody, Andy here. Just a couple of announcements before we start this week's show.
 The first announcement is that as you will see from the episode number here,
 this is the 500th episode of No Such Thing as a Fish. And we just wanted to say we are so thrilled
 to have made it to 500. We definitely didn't think we would when we started this in 2014.
 And we wanted to say thank you to all of you for listening. We know loads of you have been
 listening for many years. Plenty of you have been listening right from the get-go. And whether
 you've listened to 500 episodes or whether you've just started, we wanted to say a huge thank you.
 It would not have happened without you and we're thrilled you're here. This show is a very special
 one. It was recorded live at the London Podcast Festival. And as many of you know, we've been
 having lots of guests to cover. Anna on maternity leave. This time we pulled out all the stops.
 And our special guest is a name that will be familiar to many of you because it's Anna. Anna
 Tadinski is back everybody. She's back. She's better than ever. She insults us all in the first
 three minutes of the recording. We really hope you enjoy this show. And Anna will be back full
 time in another month or so. The second announcement is about a very exciting new book that's been
 published. It's called Everything to Play for the QI Book of Sports. And its authors are none other
 than James Arkin and Anna Tadinski of this podcast. That's right. James and Anna have written their
 first joint book without me in Dan with. It's a brilliant book. It's a history of basically the
 entire world through the medium of sport. So it's great for people who like sport, but it's also
 great for people who don't think of themselves as sport lovers. I don't think of myself as a sport
 lover, but I'm reading it now and I'm absolutely engrossed. I'm learning fantastic new things on
 every single page. If you know someone who likes sport or if you like this podcast, you will love
 this book. It is absolutely full of mad, bizarre, wonderful niche things about the biggest sports
 in the world and the smallest ones and everything else in between. James and Anna have also read
 out the audiobook. So if you'd like to listen to them reading it, that's like a huge bumper
 bonus episode of Fish. That can be done too. Once again, it's called Everything to Play for,
 the QI Book of Sports. Get it now. Get one for yourself and one for someone else at Christmas.
 That's it. Hope you enjoy it on with the show.
 [Music]
 Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to a very special edition of No Such Thing as a Fish, our 500th
 show.
 And then, yes, it turns out you get to run over by a tree.
 Oh my god, I'm just around in a fight.
 Yes, yes, yes.
 [Music]
 [Applause]
 [Music]
 Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to King's Place. Please welcome to the stage. No
 such thing as a fish.
 Hey, everyone. Thanks so much for coming, everyone, tonight. How are you doing?
 Fuck yes. All right. Call the music, please. So we are so excited to be here tonight for our
 500th episode. We are, thank you so much. We've been having a lot of guests over the last nine
 months to come on in Place of Anna because she's away of maternity, and so we've had a lot of fun.
 Arguably the show's been better, I would say. It's felt stronger. Yeah. I'm joking, guys.
 Do you think I'd ever say that? I've actually heard that. She'd kick my fucking ass.
 So, yeah, anyway, we've been having amazing guests coming on, but we thought for the 500th episode,
 we need a big gun. We need someone who's going to really deliver the goods. Unfortunately,
 we've found someone a rookie. So please make a feel welcome, kind of guide her in. Please welcome
 the stage. Ladies and gentlemen, it is the return of Anna Tyshynski.
 [APPLAUSE]
 What a funny ruse, Dan. What a hilarious little gag there.
 We're back. Shit. Can I just say, no intro music for me, huge, ridiculously disproportionate buildup
 that's like welcoming Neil Armstrong back from the moon style buildup, and then no, no intro music
 for the super special, most exciting guest you've ever had on. Okay. Just a little director's note.
 Well, let's see how you do in this episode, and we might have you back for more.
 Thanks. All right. So we got a wheel ready to go. Shall we do it? 500th episode. All right. Okay.
 Let's roll theme tune.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast this
 week coming to you from the London podcast festival. My name is Dan Schreiber. I am sitting
 here with James Harkin, Andrew Hunter Murray, and ladies and gentlemen, it is the return of Anna
 Tyshynski. And once again, we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts
 for this very special 500th episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, and in no particular order,
 here we go. Starting with fact number one, and that is my fact. My fact this week is that in
 preparation for the 500th anniversary of the creation of Michelangelo's David, the people in
 charge of cleaning him had a huge falling out because they couldn't agree if he should be washed
 or dry cleaned. This was a big deal. There was 10 years of preparation for this big
 birthday that was coming up, but the one thing that they couldn't decide on near the end was
 how do you actually do the cleaning process itself? From the image behind us, it looks like
 he's been hoovered. Well, so this is after a decision has been made and a vacuum was involved,
 yes. I see. And also I haven't seen Michelangelo's David. Is he really, really big or is the person
 doing it a tiny little borrower? He's 17 foot, which I'm told by the internet is the average
 size of a giraffe. If you want to picture that, because we've all seen a giraffe. Well, no, I
 have. I've just realized I have. Sorry. That's why I say no. Yeah, they've got one at the zoo. Yeah.
 But they don't have one of these at the zoo. No. That's how you can tell the difference in many.
 Take a tell if you're in the zoo or in Florence. Yeah. What if you're in Florence?
 So it's, yeah, that's the, that's the one test case, which doesn't work because they've got both.
 Yeah. Has it always been this slick? It's not director's commentary. No, it is amazing.
 In fact, the, so for the people listening at home that we've got a picture here of the lady who's
 cleaning him, I think her name might be Eleonora Pucci, because she's the lady who currently
 cleans David. And she was interviewed about it this year. And she does it every two months.
 And she photographs him very carefully to see where basically where the dust is and whether
 any extra grime has accumulated. And then she, she dusts it and she has the special vacuum cleaner
 designed for statues, which I had no idea was even a thing. And she, she gets on a scaffold
 and she has this backpack vacuum cleaner and just hoops him. I just thought it was a low
 pressure vacuum. Is it designed for statues? It's not just a crap vacuum cleaner. It's a Henry.
 Okay. Henry is high pressure. Is it famously? Yeah. I think my vacuum cleaner, I might have
 accidentally bought a statue vacuum cleaner. Can't even get rid of a cobweb thread. But yeah,
 I think there might be some jealousy amongst the other statues. Cause did you read, I think it was
 the comment from her when she said, we dust the other statues four times a year, but his majesty
 gets the treatment every two months. After they did the big restoration, I was reading an interview
 with a member of the team called Antonio Pallucci. And he said, only someone with expert
 knowledge and a thorough and long familiarity with the statue will be able to tell that
 certain irregularities are no longer there. Okay. And I'm just thinking that that's what I would
 say if I hadn't done it. Yes. Oh, you can't say it. Well, that's because you're not an expert.
 If you're an expert, you'd be able to see what I've done. Yeah. They got so angry about it,
 didn't they? There was so much drama. Like someone, someone resigned over which cleaning method
 they were going to use. Can we talk about what is the difference in statue terms? Cause I'm not
 even sure what the difference is in clothes terms between washing and dry cleaning. What's the
 difference in statutes? Okay. Well, okay. Um, so what I'm going to tell you has a lot of gaps
 because I don't understand it, but, um, roughly what I'm about to tell you roughly, it's very
 hard to clean a statue. Okay. That's one of the big problems. You're not even dealing with the
 grime that it's accumulated over the past. It's about the previous cleaning methods that have
 messed up the statue. So you're kind of dealing with the problems of the past. So, so David was
 cleaned in the 1800s at some time and then nothing until 2004 or three when they were getting ready
 for the big 500 anniversary. So if you use anything that's wet on it, you're going to be making things
 worse. Whereas the brush is just a light thing. So is that dry cleaning? The dry cleaning is the
 brush. The vacuuming is the, is the dry cleaning. A wet cleaning would be washing machine, soapy
 water, soapy water, a big car. I'll imagine a car wash with the David Cakes. Yeah. So, but
 you had these two people. You had the director of the museum who was going for one side. You had
 the person who was brought in arguing for the other side. And then there was an international
 body of artists who were protesting and writing letters saying, let them just stay dirty. They
 didn't want them cleaned at all. Yeah. So it's, uh, why do we want them to stay dirty? Is that
 because I think in case of a case of damage, yeah, because they did in the olden days, didn't
 they? Like they cleaned in with hydrochloric acid, I think that time in the 19th century,
 yeah, which really screwed them up. Yeah. Wow. Have you heard of, uh, natural enzyme cleaning?
 No, what's that? There's a thing that lots of curators do and it's basically spitting on the
 artworks that you, oh yeah. Yeah. They don't actually spit that. I think, well, the good ones
 don't spit on the artworks. Basically you use, you, you lick a cotton bud and then you use that.
 But, uh, but during COVID, they stopped this practice, but loads of really senior people
 but it's so safe. That's the thing. It's so, it's one of those things which was a bit,
 it was a bit overkill. Yeah. People aren't going licking David, are they? Exactly. Unless visitors
 are actually licking the thing, then it was, it is totally safe. So if you are in the National
 Gallery and you spit on a painting, is that defense, do you think? When they come around
 and say, we said not to go near it, I think you can probably say, I'm just cleaning,
 my lease or whatever. Who's not in the National Gallery? I know. Yeah. It's worth trying, I think.
 If you do anything. Do you know, so one of the few things that were on David that needed cleaning,
 there was beeswax on him. Really? Why would there be beeswax? Because, because bees have made a,
 made a hive inside his butt crack. Good call. No. Yeah. Um, I'd say the same answer was James.
 Yeah. Correct. Yeah. Sometimes I just need to hear it a second time. So beeswax is used to,
 that's a cleaning product, isn't it? That's, that's why. Yeah, you get beeswax to clean with. Yeah,
 presumably. So they're not entirely sure, but what they think it is, is that back in the day,
 pre-electricity, when people were coming to see, and they were on, let's say, a higher ledge to
 look over it, the candles that they were holding to get a better view was melting on top of David.
 And so they found 15 splashes of beeswax. He was actually bald originally, wasn't he?
 That's all just wax accumulated. It is weird, isn't it? That, because it's David, David is
 famously a smaller person in the story. Yeah. He's so big. Have you not seen the Goliath statue?
 It's next star. Oh, wow. In the zoo. How many? There's one thing in particular that I have in
 common with David, the statue. Can you guess what that is? Not the penis.
 What do we know about it? You make your wife whoop you every day before you go to work.
 We have a lot of suction on our Henry.
 It's very much a three-person relationship. I need my wife and Henry.
 That's why he's smiling all the time.
 What do you have the same as him? Does he have the face blindness thing that you have?
 Because he looks like he doesn't recognize anyone. He's mad at us so many times. Look at
 him. He's like, who are you? I know you. I'll be honest, you're not going to get this. We would
 both collapse if we were tilted forward 15 degrees. Is that not the case with all of us?
 No, so a normal human will fall over after about 20 degrees of tilt.
 Who got your big head? Is that what it is?
 He's got cracks on his ankles and if you tilt him, his ankles will absolutely collapse.
 And I tried this. I videoed myself at home leaning forward until I fell over and then paused it and
 then measured exactly where I stopped. Did you really? Your wife's next door? Darling, Henry and I are waiting.
 And it turns out that I can't get much further than 15 either.
 I just want to be clear. I meant you've got a physically big head, not a metaphorically big
 head. Because that's better, I think. Oh, here's the thing. Michelangelo. Or are you calling Michelangelo
 or Michelangelo? What do you prefer? Michelangelo. Yeah, I think calling by the name that everyone
 knows him by. Okay. Yeah. Okay. So he was shorter than real life David. I want to say real life David.
 He was just 16 feet. Yeah. No, I'm so sorry. So David in the Bible, the thing is the Bible doesn't
 say the height and weight classes of David and Goliath before they went into the fight. But
 there are lots of sort of biblical scholars who've had a rough, had a go at it. They think
 he, some think he might be five foot three. And Michelangelo was five two. But we only know that
 because shoes were found in his house. And they basically measured from the shoes. They assessed
 how tall, like if his shoes are this big, then he's this big. So how big was he?
 Five two. He's five foot three. So that's about the same as Lady Gaga or Yuri Gagarin.
 Right. And he would be too short to be an Emirates airline flight attendant.
 This is one of those studies, whoever came up with that, that is one of the many reasons I left
 this show originally. Shoes back in the olden days were not measured with that kind of precision.
 A, that meant you could judge someone's height. And then B, you do get to all people with small
 feet. Yeah, it's, it's, it's an asset. Also, we don't know if they were his shoes. But yeah,
 they were found in his home. So, you know, yeah. Could have been a servant, could have been his
 wife. Could have been a servant, could have been his wife. I'm not sure if there was a Mrs. Michelangelo.
 I don't know. Right. I think so. I think a lot of people think that he liked men.
 And Michelangelo. Yes. And one of the reasons, fancied men, I mean, and one of the reasons
 is that his female sculptures often seem to be men with breasts. And a lot of people have looked
 into it and you should like look up Michelangelo female drawings and sculptures. They are,
 they're just men. It's like Arnold Schwarzenegger. And then with a sort of pair of lemons jammed
 onto the front. It's so weird. You know, there's a theory as to why his penis is so small. Have
 you read that? David's. No, James. Look, after all those nights with Henry, as dark as it used to be.
 Oh, dear. Okay. So he famously has a small penis. Yeah. What is it called? No, it's so I thought
 you said, what is it called? Jeff, it's a private thing. No, so there was a study done and someone
 who read this study kind of pulled this out as a, as I don't think the authors of the study was
 specifically saying it, but they read from the detail. It's because he's about to fight a fucking
 giant and he's terrified. Right. Right. So his penis has shrunk in terror. And that's, that's
 Michelangelo showing that, um, yeah, like it was an adrenaline thing, isn't it? The body,
 the body doesn't remove blood from where it's not needed at the moment and puts it in, you know,
 like muscles for fight or flight and things like that. Your body doesn't suck it up so that it
 doesn't get hurt in the battle. That would be great. The actual penis on this statue is
 about six inches in length. So, you know, it's not, not small by real terms, but someone on
 Reddit called bendy, bendy spine. He worked out that in real life, if David was brought down to
 real size, he would be just under five centimeters. And that means according to standard UK guidelines,
 he would be considered a candidate for penile lengthening surgery. I noticed though he's
 converted it to centimeters to make it sound bigger. Yeah, there are a number of standard
 maneuvers you can pull. That's sure. But also it's not, it's not, it's not, um, it's not up. No,
 so it's faster. Yeah. But is that, is that, is that the measurement under which you qualify?
 Not, I don't need to ask. I'm not asking the fact. So let's just, you know, um, I'll set
 your legs up for the show. Thank you very much. Cheers. It is time for fact number two, and that
 is Anna. My fact is that having 10 fingers and no thumbs is very useful for playing the piano.
 Okay. Yeah. So if anyone's got that in the audience, then take up the piano. Okay. So how
 do you end up with? Uh, so this is a condition, a rare condition, sure. But it's where you can be
 born with, um, no thumbs and instead of thumbs, you have fingers and I just find all this stuff so
 interesting. So it's little tweaks in our genes. So we have genes that specify like the position
 of things in our body and they're called hox genes. So that says like your arm goes on your
 shoulder, your foot goes on your leg. It's like funny bones. That book is kind of like that,
 the hox gene. And if the hox gene gets a mutation in it, then you might end up with something in
 the wrong place. And so if there's a particular mutation, you might end up with a finger as your
 thumb. And I happen to read two accounts. One is of a woman who had this five finger trait in 1957.
 I actually initially read this in a book called quirks of human anatomy, an evo devo look at the
 human body, which is so interesting. And I would recommend anyway. Yep. She said she didn't think
 of it as a disability. It didn't hold her back in any way. And actually it meant that she played
 the piano more easily. And then there was a Reddit AMA quite recently with a man who has
 the same symptom. And again, he's a professional musician and he said it makes me better at the
 piano. Really? Now I know they don't know how good they would have been at the piano if they'd
 had eight fingers and two thumbs, but wait, hang on. Have you got two joints? You've got, um,
 I think it varies a little bit, but one of them had one of them was opposable and the other wasn't.
 Because some people get this is a trifalangeal thumb. That's what it's called. And it's where
 your thumb has three phalanges. Those are the bones inside your fingers instead of two. So it
 might give you a longer thumb, but it might also give you a weaker thumb. And often those are not
 opposable, which is a pain. That is a pain. So it's useful very much on piano. It lies in on a flat
 surface, but not on a, you know, another environment like a guitar, which is weird because this guy
 also played the guitar and said it was useful for that. It sounds like he's a really sunny guy.
 Like, yeah, he's making it work. It's amazing. In the, um, report about this woman in 1957,
 the woman with the five, five fingers on each hand, it said that she came into hospital because she
 was giving birth and that's when they documented her. And then it said her newborn was the same.
 So we think the trait is probably genetic. That's a proper scientist. It's not like those
 chances. He found a shoe in Michelangelo's house and said, Oh, well, we think he was five foot
 two, actually. Do you guys think a thumb is a finger? No. Yeah. For the audience, is the thumb
 a finger? Yes. Is it not? Pretty evenly match. Well, it's a good job. You guys aren't finger surgeons
 because this is a problem in finger surgery that some surgeons count a thumb as a finger
 and some don't. And if you say to someone, you need to remove the fourth finger on someone's hand.
 There have been cases where people have counted from the thumb when they shouldn't have done
 and they've taken the wrong finger. Stop it. Really? That has happened. We've invented so
 much stuff as a species. We kind of like the label to go, that's crazy. Well, there are a few papers
 that have talked about this and most of them say we should call them index finger, ring finger,
 all that kind of stuff and that will remove any problems. But as late as 2009 was the last paper
 that this came in in the Canadian Medical Journal, who said we really need to stop saying fourth finger
 or third finger or whatever. I mean, for instance, you could be counting from this way or from this
 way. Yeah. No, who starts with a little finger? That's like people who say a potato. They just don't
 exist. Or Michelangelo. Yeah, exactly. They should have a like this little piggy system.
 Yeah, like which little piggy the piggy who had roast beef there? We all know which piggy we're
 talking about. There's not usually toes. Yeah, God, you're a terrible surgeon.
 Great news. Got both little piggies. Won't be needing those middle fingers again. What?
 Back in the 19th century, they used to use fingers as a way of determining quite a few
 medical things. And one of the things was, are you dead? How did they do that? So one of the
 things was there was a guy who's a French doctor, Leon Collonges. It's like being on the backs of
 the sand, isn't it? Oh, lovely. I can't say Collonges. It reads like colon juice. I can't.
 Collonges. Join me to read out your facts. Yeah, yeah, please. Leon. Leon Smith.
 His way he believed of confirming if someone was dead, I think they were quite nervous about
 actually if someone was dead in a coma, if there's if their stats were just lower,
 we didn't have the technology was to take a finger. He would take their finger and he would put it in
 his ear. And he would listen for a buzz, because they sort of thought that the body just emitted
 a buzz when it was still alive. So he would sit there and he would take their finger, put it in
 his ear and say, no, he's dead. But wait a minute, fingers don't emit buzzes. So does he just think
 that everyone's dead when he puts a finger in the ear? I mean, you know, this was a time where
 he was developing a theory and obviously he wasn't. I do know this is about when they didn't know
 whether they didn't really know about the pulse and brain activity in the way they do now. And
 there were competitions to see which doctors could come up with a guaranteed way of determining
 whether. Yeah, I think we still don't really know when the brain is dead compared to the rest of
 the body. Yeah, but they did have all and this was one method and they had another was to put an
 insect in the patient's ear, I think or nose. It must have been like who can resist. Okay.
 If you don't know that, you're dead. And then another finger based one from the 18th century
 was if someone was in a coma or potentially dead, you would cut their finger off. And yeah,
 and the idea was you'd cut it off and they'd be like, whoa. And they'd either wake up from death
 or from a coma. So that was another method. Yeah. Do you know just speaking of bodies giving off
 buzzing sounds? I remember reading ages ago, you know, tinnitus. Yeah. Obviously is when you can
 hear a buzzing in your ear. Some people have a form of tinnitus where they emit a buzzing.
 If you get really close as the ENT surgeon, you can be like, yep, you're right. You've got tinnitus.
 That must be really annoying. And isn't that insane? It's crazy. Wow. But I wouldn't hear,
 like I wouldn't hear your tinnitus and go, God, I've got tinnitus because I was sitting too
 close to you. No, you'd be able to hear it if you were confused it as my own. No, because I would
 leave the room and then you go, God, it's so weird. My tinnitus only appears when Anna comes in.
 I do usually get a weird headache when you are around.
 That's perfectly normal. Can I tell you about Joe Swarbrick? Yeah. Joe Swarbrick was a
 Belfast man who lost a finger in the luckiest way imaginable. Oh, okay. So one that he wouldn't
 have otherwise needed. I actually don't know that. Oh, okay. No, I like your thinking. A lucky
 finger to have lost. It's more about the circumstances under which he lost the finger.
 And he's called Swarbrick. That won't help you. Are you sure? I don't know. I was thinking people
 used to be named after things that they'd done and he may have sworn at someone with his middle
 finger and then a brick took it out. It's gone. Brilliant. I've missed the theorizing. Nope. That's
 not it. Okay. He was in a job where he only ever had to count to nine. Yeah, that's it. So he was
 trying to travel to Canada. Okay. Is that a clue? Barely. Like, Oh, barely. Is this something to
 with bears? No. Oh, okay. And he and his brother wanted, he wanted to go with his brother from
 Belfast to Canada. Yeah. Okay. And he found a job. Oh, Titanic. Titanic. He found a job on a ship.
 But sadly, at Southampton, there was an accident in the end room, lost his finger,
 yet they had to kick him off the ship and they said, and take your brother with you too. His
 brother escorted him off the ship and that ship was the Titanic. Wow. Yeah. Why did the brother
 have to go from the version I read unclear? I guess. Wait, you've got a brother, Dan. You're
 working with him on a job. His finger in an awful accident gets chopped off. Yeah. He needs to be
 escorted away from where you work in the job. You'd be like, Well, mate, I still want to do my
 holiday. So hang on, is it go with him? Wouldn't you? Is it on launch day? It's it's out Southampton
 at that point. Yeah. So it's just before it was just before it's really just you would have got on,
 wouldn't you? Oh, it's the Titanic. I'm going to send a postcard. How's the finger? Yeah.
 You won't send a postcard, you know, spoiler alert. Okay. Yeah, that's a good story. And then he
 was in the Navy in both World Wars and he lived until the fifties. Oh, wow. He was injured in the
 Second World War as well. He was really, yeah, he was very so he went back to sea and still risked
 his life then. Wow. After that for impressive and the brother. This guy's getting shafted and more
 shafted in this story. He's kicked off his job because his idiot brother loses a finger. Next
 fingerless guy goes on to World War hero. He's written out a history. He actually I'm sorry.
 Joe Swalbrick himself did get an OBE for his work, not even in the war, just being a great guy in
 shipping. So yeah, no word on the brother. That's a fucking rough deal, man. You really take
 in sides of which brother you are. Yeah, that's it. Yeah, you're the brother here. Stay on the
 boat that's going to sink. That's what I say. Wow. Do you guys know what kind of finger a
 masculitane is? Say it again. Masculitane. Masculitane. No idea. You're not going to get it.
 Is it like an animal finger or is it a? No, it's not. I'm just going to tell you. It's a finger
 that's under your armpit. Oh, and can you beckon with it? Yeah, because that is the greatest
 thing that I have. I have to. This is awful, but I have to explain for people listening to the
 podcast what just happened. Andy is giving me the come to bed finger underneath his armpit.
 I haven't been so around since I saw that smile on Henry's face.
 Oh, dear. Oh, gosh. It's not a means of seduction. I don't know why you think exposing your armpit
 would usually be a means of seduction. Well, normally, if you're getting to exposing your
 armpit, things are getting pretty hot and heavy, aren't they? Do you go to the beach and go, "Wow,
 these people want it?" Normally in a three-piece tweed suit, you know, I'm heavily dressed down
 for this. Yeah. You cut the holes, don't you? And then it's armed off if you like someone.
 It's nothing to do with that. Is that another genetic quote? No, this is actually something
 in ancient Greece. And I came across this in a study that was called armpitting among the
 ancient Greeks. And basically, it was where if you'd killed someone, then you would cut their
 finger off and shove it under their armpit. Oh. And we're not quite sure why they did this. We
 think maybe it's either offering it to the gods as like a, "Sorry, I killed this person. Please
 forgive me. Have their finger thing," which seems a bit kind of on the nose. Or it means that the
 dead person can't take vengeance in the next world because they don't have a finger. But...
 Can you point out the guy who killed you? No. Anyway, this was so common, also known, that there
 was a specific word, which was masculine, which would literally mean stuff under the armpit,
 which refers to fingers under an armpit. Fingers tucked into an armpit.
 Weird. Or sorry, "Maskalizmata" is the stuff under the armpit. "Maskalitzane" is to put a
 finger under the armpit again. Do you know what animal has like the longest finger?
 Is it the Madagascar, the eye? The eye, you got it. So if you ever see an image of an eye,
 they're like a really cute little primate thing, but they've got this really, really long finger
 that's almost as long as their, probably their whole head, maybe a bit more even. And the interesting
 thing about that is they love to pick their nose. And when they pick their nose, they go all the way
 in. And no one could work out exactly what was going on because where does your finger go? If
 your finger is, let's say human finger is three times longer at least, and you're putting it all
 the way up your nose, where is the finger going to end up? A bit in the brain. Or in the eye.
 Exactly. That's what you think, right? So they did a CT scan on an eye who was picking her nose.
 And they turned out that actually it kind of goes into the nose through the sinuses and then
 down into the back of the throat. And this is... You can get rid of phlegm as well as snot.
 Is that what it's for? It's almost like that, almost as disgusting as that. In fact, perhaps more
 disgusting than that. Basically, they think that what they're doing is picking their nose
 and then they're eating it, but they don't have to go through the mouth. Oh, brilliant.
 So it doesn't get stuck in their teeth? Secret bogey eating. I'm saving. I would argue not that
 secret. And what's secret until those bloody scientists came along with their CT scanner?
 What a great scam, rumbled. We need to evolve that. We will eventually, socially, so that you'll
 never know who's eating their bogeys and who isn't. We will no longer be socially ashamed.
 They will no longer be socially ashamed, those people.
 It is time for fact number three and that is James. Okay, my fact this week is that in the late 1950s,
 a woman called Cougar Annie put an advert in a newspaper looking for a younger man to marry.
 But that isn't why she got her nickname. She was just really good at killing Cougars.
 There she is on our screen for people at home. She was one of the most badass people that I've
 ever read about. She lived on Vancouver Island. Long story short, we'll get into it all, but
 basically she was married to an opium addict and she lived in Vancouver and to escape the opium dens
 of Vancouver. You know those famous opium dens of Vancouver. Her family moved to this really
 remote area of Vancouver Island and she spent her whole time clearing the lands, so getting rid of
 all the shrubbery, getting rid of all the any kind of wild animals that came to protect herself and
 protect her family. She often had to kill them and according to reports obituaries and stuff like
 that, she definitely shot at least 60 Cougars in her life, mostly in self-defense, but then later
 the government started giving money to people who did it because they wanted to have more humans living
 in that area, so she was making money from it as well. Some contemporary obituaries said that she
 shot more than 100 Cougars in her lifetime and she also got 80 bears as well. But yeah, she was
 basically going to this area where no humans lived and she was just trying to clear the area so she
 could live there. And so her husband dies. She has three kids and she decides I want to look for
 another husband. So in 1936, she advertises... Oh, this is sorry, there are two separate occasions
 on which she advertised for a younger husband. Yeah, this is the first one, but she used the
 same advert both times. Exactly. Yeah, 1936, the Western producer, which is where she advertised it,
 she said, "BC widow with nursery and orchard wishes partner, widower preferred, object matrimony."
 And she married someone, right? And she had a few marriages in the end. She lost the husband that
 she had from the 1936 advertising in 1942 when he accidentally shot himself and... Allegedly.
 Allegedly. Yeah. He was dressed as a Cougar at the time though, wasn't he? He was, yeah.
 There were suspicions. Yeah. And so then she re-advertises as Andy says with the exact same
 wording. Copy and paste for a new husband. Yeah. So good. Well, when you've worked on the wording,
 it's clearly done the job once. Use it again. Did it work? Hard to say because he wasn't did
 a young man 12 years younger, was it? The last one, yeah. The fourth one. The fourth husband,
 but he was also not very nice. So I think he was a drunk and he stole from her. And then
 eventually, and you probably read more about this, apparently he attempted to run Andy off a cliff
 in order to take over her farm and she chased him away with her shotgun.
 She did. That's what happened. And he never came back. And then she lived on in the homestead into
 her 90s and carried on kind of working on there, living off the land, kind of selling bits and
 pieces. She also set up a post office in the area. There was no one else there. And so basically,
 she would be able to get all these stamps in and then she used the stamps to pay her bills. It was
 like a bit of a scam. But yeah. And by the way, a lot of this time when she was clearing the land
 and trying to get rid of these wild animals, she was pregnant. So between 1915 and 1931,
 which was when she did most of the work, she gave birth to at least 11 children. So I'm just saying
 at a nine months off. But maternity leave conditions weren't as beneficial in those days.
 You know, if she'd got full salary for a few months, then how many bears have you killed during the
 you know, she does sound remarkable. There were a lot of sort of they've paid a lot of
 bounties, didn't they for killing cougars back in the day? They did. You know, they were trying to
 sort of, you know, tame the frontiers effectively. And so there were like 200 profession professionals
 in the USA in 1930. And loads more like those were the federal ones and loads of other state ones.
 People like Cougar Smith, or Ben Lilly, who hunted cougars with a knife, which I respect a bit more.
 Okay. As in I think, you know, that's giving the cougar a fighting chance. Yeah, it's not as
 efficient, is it? It's like if I did this podcast every week, but I decided to find all my facts
 from the local library only using books between 1812 and 1829. It's like, how interesting that
 you do that. You're not nearly as good at the job. I'm pretty sure you've just described that Andy
 finds fags. Dan, can you not spoiler my fact about the Prince Regent today?
 On one occasion, Annie heard her dogs barking outside. It was the middle of the night. Obviously,
 she's in the middle of nowhere. So there's no street lights or anything like that. She went
 outside. She could hear a commotion. She got her gun to shot into the darkness and then went back
 to bed. And then when she woke up, she saw that she had actually got a cougar with her gun shot.
 It's very impressive. Wow. That's amazing. Canada was wall-to-wall cougars at the time.
 It's less impressive than it sounds. You couldn't miss. So she's not the origin of the word cougar,
 to mean a woman who goes out the younger bed. No, that came well after she died. Yeah, that was
 sort of 19. They think it might have been 1999, which seems quite early. There was a website called
 CougarDate.com, which was specifically for women of a certain age, looking for men of a younger
 age. That was the idea. I mean, it's definitely that. There are some etymologies lost in the
 midst of time, but we don't know this all. But I think we can say for sure. I must say I actually
 read some articles of the people who set up CougarDate.com and they said that they'd heard the
 name mentioned through their friends earlier, sometime in the 1990s in Vancouver. But it was
 Vancouver, which is where Cougar Annie was from. Cougars themselves are not cougars.
 So actual cougars, the cats I'm talking about, females reach maturity at two and a half years of
 age and males at three. So do you see what I mean? Yeah, they don't go for younger males.
 Do you know what? I was so glad just because it confirmed something that we've always kind of
 thought. You know how cougars have all these different names and you're never sure what
 it is. You're like a puma, a panther, a mountain lion, a catamount. What the hell is going on?
 What are all these cats? And they're all the same thing. And it does have the Guinness
 World Record for the most names for a mammal. Yeah. So there you go. And that's 40 according to them.
 Surely the humans have more than 40 names. I'm sorry. No. Cool dude. Awesome. No, I mean actual
 names like Jeff and David. Humans have more than 40 of those. If I was given enough time,
 I could think of more than 40 names. I'm just saying it's the non-human mammal with the most
 names. No, no, no, it's not because they also have their own names. You understand there's a
 different meaning to the word name, right? Some cougars are called Jeff. She's back by me.
 Some cougars are called Jeff.
 No, the names are incredible. Like I'd never heard the name catamount, which means cat of the
 mountain. But they also get called the deer tiger, the purple feather. I'm not sure how many people
 are using purple feather these days. Is that really one? The purple feather? That's what mountain
 screamer would try to love. You wouldn't call an ambulance when you say there's a purple feather
 coming at me. It's a purple feather. It feels like you'd use one of the other ones. Do you know
 how you defend yourself against a cougar? We should say because it's useful. I would run. I would try
 and run. Don't run. Oh, you're dead. Okay. No, you're dead. Dan and Anna have got a guess. What?
 Can I have another guess? Yeah, give James a quick guess. Let's say you've magically been resuscitated.
 Play dead. Play dead? Yeah. You're dead again. What? Sorry. If you play dead. Well, so I can't run
 and I can't just stay there playing dead. No, that's right. Shotgun. Shotgun. That's the
 Cougar Anna. Basically, don't turn around and don't look away. Make yourself big. Oh, the ace of
 base defence. Stand your ground. You know, like stand on a rock, bear your teeth, shout anything
 to frighten it and scare it away. Basically, and I've thought of a mnemonic for this, which I think
 might be helpful for listeners. So just remember, if it's a mountain lion, don't be lion down.
 And that's the useful like, what if it's an actual lion? I don't know.
 I don't know. I thought you were going to say opera singing, sing opera at it.
 Yeah, because that's not on my list. There was a case of a woman who was being stalked by a cougar
 and she started hiding and she didn't know what to do. And she just got up and started just singing
 opera and the cougar just went, whoa, I'm with the cougar there. Actually, cougars really hate
 podcasts. Really? Yeah, this was this is quite a recent study done in California, which ones name
 and shape. Yeah, is it off menu? Come on. Do you mean it makes them angry or they just they don't
 want to be around it? No, it puts them off the dinner. So let's say you're a cougar and off menu
 comes on. Yeah. And he's like, James A. Castor, he's talking about his food and stuff. And they
 would just look at their kill, their deer that they killed and just go, Oh, I don't really fancy
 that anymore. In actual fact, the study is to check how they react to humans more generally.
 Mostly men. Yeah. Mostly men. You're saying it's not a study about whether there's an untapped podcast
 market out there. You astonished me. They wanted to see how they reacted to humans talking if humans
 are nearby. And what better way to do that than talk radio podcast, that kind of thing. So they
 played some chatting humans, and they just left their food alone and just went off. And the problem
 with this, this is really important. So if you are a cougar and you kill something and you don't
 eat it, then that means you have to kill something else because you have to eat that. Right. And so
 this is the fact that fear really changes ecosystems. If an animal is really scared because
 there's humans around, it actually affects the ecosystem in ways you don't expect as in loads
 of the prey will get killed. It's not just that the cougar itself is scared. Wait, sorry, the prey
 will get killed because the cougar has to go and find something else. Yeah, because it gets put off
 its food. So it needs to go and find something else. And then another podcast comes along, maybe
 Chris and Rosie Rams, you start chatting to it. And then it has to go and kill another animal.
 Nightmare. We're putting nature off its food. Yeah. If I'm ever attacked and just go hello and
 welcome to another episode of. Can I tell you another record that Cougars have got? Oh, yeah.
 This is another Guinness World Record that Cougars have got. I'm going to quite directly. Mountain
 Lions, large hind legs have greater muscle mass than their front legs. This enables them to jump
 up to 18 feet into a tree. So they could they could leap over the statue of David. Yes. Yes.
 The highest jump on record for any mammal, any mammal, they could just jump over and lick off
 that beeswax. It was recorded for a Puma or a mountain lion, which jumped seven meters, 23 feet,
 straight up from a standstill. They could jump into the top of an open top bus if they were walking
 alongside it. This is so amazing. Like I read another claim made by the US wildlife authorities,
 they could jump over a school bus the long way round, like front to back. Wow. So what's the
 distance they can get? Long. I've just named a load of statistics. It's 40 feet. Okay. 17 feet
 by long is what we're saying. Can I just ask a quick question? Yeah. Because this bothers me
 about these kind of stats. What is the difference in length between a school bus and a bus? I wonder
 if it's slightly an evil, carnival thing, because a lot of stunts were about leaping over back to
 back. Yeah. Transport. No, but they never said school buses. They just said buses for evil,
 carnival, because they weren't afraid that evil carnival was going to eat their children inside
 the bus. Whereas they always say school buses. If it's a slightly threatening animal, because it's
 like it will leap over it and then come in the front door, buy its ticket and eat your kids.
 You don't have to buy tickets for a school bus. Yeah. Well, it's just all the faster to get on
 with eating your children, my dear. Yeah. But they also save human lives, cougars, more human lives
 than they end. Probably because they don't really kill, they don't kill many people at all. Very,
 very rare to get attacked by a cougar. But what they do prey on a lot is deer. And deer cause 1.2
 million car crashes in America a year and killed 200 people. And they did a study which looked at
 if you were introduced cougars, how many people they'd save. And because they've eaten all the deer
 which are hitting the cars. Exactly. It's a tough sell, though, isn't it? Yeah. When you've got this
 animal that could jump over my school bus, come in, buy a ticket and kill all my kids. Are you
 like, yeah, but he's going to eat a few deer. Yeah, it is. All right, I need to move us on to our
 final fact of the show. Time for a final fact of the show. And that is Andy. My fact is that nobody
 knows how large the world's largest crocodile is. What they should do is get a cougar to jump over
 it. And all right, here's Cassius. So on the screen is a very large crocodile. He's called
 Cassius. He's the largest known crocodile, because he's the largest crocodile in captivity. He is
 approximately approximately 18 feet. Which means if you stood him upright.
 That is amazing. I want to see that show where you've got one cougar, one statue of David,
 and one enormous crocodile. God, I didn't notice that until now now.
 Channel five, if you're listening, this is big buzz. Yeah. And this is the thing, like, he's been
 estimated that they're not sure exactly how old he is, his keepers, because they they took him in
 about 40 years ago, 35. And they believe he might be 80. Some keepers think he might be up to 120
 years old. Yeah, old crocodile. And he was last measured in 2011 at 18 feet. But even then when
 they took him in, he was missing bits of his snout and his tail, because of fights or accidents or
 whatever. And no one has tried to measure him since then. And he's probably grown, but just,
 you know, because I think they grow their whole lives that they crocodile. So that he's probably
 grown, but they really don't want the like the admin of measuring. He's really terrifying. He's
 so huge. And he is terrifying. I mean, what I was thinking, what you don't want to hear about a
 crocodile is how his carer describes him, the guy who looks after him, who's a guy called 2D Scott,
 which is a funny name. And 2D says he still has a lot of spark in him, which is not what you want
 at all. He says, because most crocodiles are quite disinterested, you know, they just sit there
 like a motionless lump. But this one, when you walk in, Cassius, he every time he sees you, he
 wants to come up and say good day in his eyes. His eyes light up tragically 2D Scott was actually
 called 3D Scott until an accident in the pen. He's terrifying. He's met a load of celebrities.
 Cassius. Yeah, Queen Elizabeth II. No, Xi Jinping, King of Thailand. They're not so much celebrities
 as heads of state. Scott Morrison, who's not a head of state. He's the head of government. Queen
 Elizabeth was the head of state at the time. But nonetheless, God, that seemed so important
 when I said it. And as the words were leaving my mouth, I thought, who gives a toss. Has he met
 Kim Kardashian? No data, don't know. So he hasn't been the longest for that long, has he? The longest
 crocodile? Because there was another crocodile who I think died in 2013, who was called La Long.
 Oh, yeah. And so long, they added an extra L and O to the beginning of his name.
 They're just so astonished every time they see him, they go, he's long.
 Anyway, he was 6.13 meters a little bit longer than Cassius. And he was caught in 2011. I think
 these are taken into captivity when they're dangerous. So he'd eaten some fishermen and a
 girl, I think. And so it was a black mark against your name, I think. And so it was hunted. And
 actually, La Long, when he was hunted, it took over 100 people to bring him on to land. He was
 really aggressive. He sort of broke his restraining rope twice. And he was named after the crocodile
 hunter in the area, whose nickname was La Long. Oh, okay. La Long died, didn't he? He did. La Long
 died. And I imagine for the obituary, they would have gone with so long, la long.
 If you have a baby crying, let's say on a speaker, then a crocodile will run very quickly and
 aggressively towards it. To change it or feed it? I'm afraid not because then they start biting the
 speaker. They're really attracted to the sound of primates crying and human babies crying the same
 way that bonobos might or chimpanzees might. And probably because they hear a baby crying,
 they think this is an easy meal. And what do these crocodiles think of the rest is politics?
 Would they engage with it? I read about that study. And the most amazing thing is that they
 can tell the difference between how upset a baby is more than you can. And then they'll respond
 accordingly. And the way they tested this, which I quite like, is by recording human babies screaming
 at different levels of emergency. And you can't torture a baby for science these days. So instead,
 what they did was... Anna said with a faint tang of regret in the voice. They recorded babies
 at bath time when sometimes they cry. And then when they get vaccinated, when they cry in a bit
 more of an emergency way... A needle, any kind of needle, yeah. Yeah, it's a bit more of someone
 stabbing me kind of cry. And the crocodiles swim more vigorously, more fast towards the speakers
 that emit the vaccination cry. And they can tell us at a frequency difference that even we can't.
 Crocodiles, anti-vaxxers, that's what we're taking from that. I knew I never liked them.
 Can I mention very quickly, we're talking about crocodiles. Can't not mention the great Steve Irwin.
 Thank you for the silent respect. Crocodile hunter. Yeah, he was a crocodile hunter. But he
 had Australia Zoo, and that was his big thing. He used to jump on a lot of massive crocodiles.
 And one of the things which is said about him, and there's a tiny bit of question about it,
 but a lot of people say this is true, is that he had a Galapagos tortoise inside Australia Zoo.
 And the previous owner of the tortoise was Charles Darwin. Isn't that insane?
 Oh my God, that's so cool. So she was called Harriet. She survived from the time of the Beagle
 Expeditions all the way through to Steve Irwin's zoo, just to give you the idea of the span of
 time. And it's quite nice because Steve Irwin was definitely a huge hero of mine. There is a
 minor planet out in the universe now named for him. So out there somewhere is a minor planet
 called Crikey. Something clever that crocodiles do, which is really mean and evil, is they,
 well, I'll tell you what they do and you'll tell me why. They lie underwater and allocators do this
 as well. And they just have a little bit of their head sticking out. And then they put sticks or
 branches on their head. What are they doing? They're leering human children who like to
 play pickup sticks. You're very close and that could be a secondary purpose. Oh, they're pretending
 to be a bird's nest. So a bird will land on them and delete them. You're basically, between you,
 you're correct. A human baby flies down and picks out one of the sticks and then says Jenga.
 You've gone the wrong way. It's to trick birds into thinking that they're sort of a tree because
 they look quite tree like, don't they? They look like branches and try and go and collect their
 sticks to make their nest with. So then the bird will go and land on them to pick up a stick to
 make a nest. Snap. You're done. Dinner. Do you know how to measure? This is for alligators. I hope
 I'm allowed a sort of slight curve. How to measure an alligator if you see one in the wild.
 So it's possible to measure an alligator in the wild, but it's not possible to measure
 this crocodile, which is in captivity. Good point. I suppose if you're in the wild and you see an
 alligator and you think, I wonder how big that alligator is. Okay. So you want to see, you don't
 want to go up to it with a tape measure. So you see something else around it, which you know,
 you throw your iPhone at it. That's it. The iPhone lands on it and you work out how many
 iPhones it is. Exactly. Actually, you have to find an old pair of its shoes in its vest. Crocodile
 shoes. That's what the song's about. No, it's so easy. And I just want to get like another little
 tip. Yeah, you just approach it at night with a torch and then you locate the midpoint on its
 skull and you estimate the distance to the end of the nostrils. Don't wake it up. And then every
 inch of that distance is a foot of the alligator. Okay. So like if that distance is six inches,
 you've got a six foot alligator and so on. Okay, that's clever. Crocodiles do a crazy thing where
 they, you would think in any scenario where they live, they're like the dominant species, right?
 And they're not. Often hippos, if they're around, are much bigger. So talking earlier about
 crocodiles running to a baby monitor and hearing baby crying, one thing that hippos tend to use
 them as is basically like a baby chewing toy. They'll go up and while the croc is just laying there,
 they'll go and they'll start licking it, they'll start chewing it and the crocodile will just lay
 there as if nothing's going on. Yeah, because if it makes any movement, it might antagonize the
 hippo into eating it. So it just has to sit there and be. Is this a baby hippo though that's chewing
 on it? Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's just, you just, it has to lay there and just be sucked on, licked on,
 just take it. Well, not everyone has a Henry Hoovey, you know. We've all got one somehow.
 I need to wrap us up very soon. Oh, just some things on big animals. Okay, yeah.
 Seeing as that's what this was about. I was looking at big, small animals. So the largest ant,
 the largest ant in the world is the safari ant, which is five centimeters in length,
 which is the same length as David's penis if he was human sized.
 If he was human sized, okay. So if you can imagine a human with the world's largest ant,
 where your penis would be. Yeah. Yes. That's David. That's really helpful. Thank you, James.
 The world's longest insect in total is a stick insect. They found one in China,
 which was 24.6 inches in total length, which means that you couldn't legally use her as a rounder's
 bat. So good. Anything else before we, Anna, you all again? I've just, all I can think about now
 is giant house spiders, because I've had a real problem with spiders lately. So we've been talking
 about big animals, but they are the biggest. And genuinely, there was one in my room the other day,
 and after an hour and a half of staring at it, I was on my own and eventually managing to kill it
 with the longest object I could find, me at one end, it at the other. And they don't die, obviously,
 so that its legs are so wriggling. They don't die. They die. They can't. It's not possible to kill them.
 They don't die. And it was two in the morning. I was on my own. This newborn baby was next door.
 My newborn baby was next door and asleep. And you know how like the worst thing that can possibly
 happen if you have a baby is that it wakes up and then it's legs. There were three legs still
 moving over the thing that I crushed it with. And I screamed at the top of my lungs, no, no, no,
 you can't be alive. You can't be alive. Please die. And anyway, so I looked up how to deter
 spiders and you can draw lines of chalk everywhere. So apparently they don't like the taste of chalk
 and they taste with their legs. Like it's all over there. I thought you meant like drawing an outline,
 like emergency. Yeah, yeah. Whoa, this person kills spiders. Let's get out of here, man.
 Okay, that is it. That is all of our facts. Thank you so much for listening to our 500th episode,
 everybody. We can all be found on our Twitter accounts. I'm on at Shriverland James.
 James Harkin, Andy, and Anna. I'm uncontactable. Oh, sorry. Yeah, podcast.qi.com and Andy will
 pick it up and he'll text me and I'll ignore it. Yeah, we can get us on a group account at no such
 thing. You can also find our website, no such thing as a fish.com where all of our previous
 episodes are up and you can find merchandise and so on. Thank you everyone so much for being here
 in the room tonight. Thank you everyone watching us from around the world. We really appreciate it.
 We're going to be back again next week with episode 501. The story continues. The facts
 keep going. We'll see you then. Goodbye!
 you
 you
 you
 you
 you
 you
 you
 you
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
