 [music]
 Hi everybody, just before we start this week's show, we have an exciting announcement to make.
 And that is that the National Comedy Awards are coming up very soon.
 And the great mothership that is QI and the mother herself that is Sandy Toxfig.
 How creepy, I don't know how she'd feel about me calling her my mother.
 But that is Sandy Toxfig are both up for awards.
 That's absolutely right.
 QI is nominated for Best Comedy Panel Show and Sandy, or Mummy as I call her, has been
 shortlisted for Outstanding Female Comedy Entertainment Performance.
 We think that both are deserving winners, so if you would like to go and vote for QI or
 for Sandy in those awards, go to qi.com/vote.
 So easy to do and so important that you get your vote in and help us destroy all comedy
 competition, which as we all know, is the point of comedy.
 Yes, exactly, flatten all that comedy.
 And if you do want to remind yourself why they're the best, all of QI is now available
 on BBC iPlayer, go and watch a few episodes and convince yourself that they both deserve
 to win.
 That's qi.com/vote.
 Do it now.
 On with the show.
 On with the show.
 Hello, and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming
 to you from the QI offices in Covent Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber, I'm sitting here with Andrew Hunter Murray, Anna Tyshinski
 and James Harkin, and once again we have gathered round the microphones with our four favourite
 facts from the last seven days, and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, and that is Anna.
 My fact this week is that the first female composer to become a dame used to tie herself
 to trees to improve her posture.
 I have a question.
 Was her posture originally too bent so she stood next to a tall tree or was it originally
 too straight as she stood next to like a weeping willow or something to bend herself over?
 Tied herself to one of those really droopy branches.
 I believe it was to the trunk.
 She didn't specify, I think she left it for us to assume.
 This was an amazing woman called Ethel Smyth.
 She was writing music and conducting and creating, you know, operas and all sorts of classical
 music at the turn of the 20th century, and there's a new book coming out which covers
 her life.
 It's going to be called Quartet.
 Sounds great coming out in spring by someone called Dr Lea Broad, and she read an account
 of an interviewer who went to meet Ethel Smyth at one point to interview her about her music
 making, and she found that she was tied to a tree and specifically to improve her posture
 as a conductor.
 Oh, come on.
 No.
 Something went wrong.
 Some sort of weird sex game went wrong.
 The interviewer.
 What are you doing?
 Oh, no.
 It's for the old conducting.
 You're so right.
 Come on.
 It's actually sort of a sex minx, so I reckon it was that.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, but you can't admit that to the interviewer first thing, can you?
 And then you have to just carry that on for the rest of your career.
 You just go to people that sort of recommending trees, you know, you've got a big pot plant
 with a thick trunk there in the orchestra pit tied to it mid show, which is what you
 should do.
 She's amazing.
 Yeah.
 She is incredible.
 So, she was very successful in her time given how unlikely it was for a woman to be
 successful in composing writing music.
 What was her time specifically?
 She was born in 1858.
 She died in 1944.
 Yeah.
 And a lot of her most famous works will have been around the 1880s, 1890s and the early
 1900s.
 Yeah.
 And she was prolific.
 She wrote so much.
 She wrote six operas, which operas are a big feat.
 And it plus loads of chamber music and orchestra and stuff.
 She played for Queen Victoria and for Edward VII.
 And she was so ambitious that we know that she kept a diary throughout her childhood
 and she wrote in her diary, age eight, that she intended to be made a peer because of
 her musical prowess.
 And lo and behold.
 She was.
 And she was.
 Yeah.
 That's amazing.
 It's good to have something to aim for, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 Because actually, when she was a child, I read that she was quite good at sports.
 This was on the Surrey Government website and it said, "From the beginning, when she was
 a child, she won a bet for riding a pig and to the end of her long life, she was a keen
 sportswoman."
 Really?
 So, yeah, that shows how keen you are at sports.
 She was.
 She definitely won lots of contests.
 And in lots of different sports, I think she was very vigorous, picture like a good mistrunchable
 maybe.
 So, she did like mountaineering, tennis, hunting, cycling, golf.
 Golf.
 Golf.
 Yes.
 Very keen on golf.
 James, she did do golf.
 Yeah.
 I must admit, most of my facts are about walking golf club.
 Oh!
 Golf.
 So, here is the thing why James actually might theoretically have a point dragging us into
 the golfing world is that I was looking up her Dame Hood, which was 1923, the Honours
 List then, and she was convinced it was because she was a member of the Woking Golf Club.
 Oh!
 Really?
 Okay.
 She had friends in high places, kissing some ass, where it matters.
 Oh, wow.
 Well, it was owned by a guy called Lord Riddell, who was a bigwig, a bit senior lawyer and
 a newspaper proprietor and all that sort of stuff, and he was a member of the club and
 so was she.
 And there was a big dispute about the changing rooms, where the women members wanted to walk
 across a shortcut, a short route.
 What?
 I know.
 And it took them past the men's changing rooms to get to the women's rooms.
 Nightmare.
 And the men were very uncomfortable about this.
 The women walking past the changing rooms, I'm not sure if the men's changing rooms
 were just sheet glass in the windows or something like that, but I don't think they would have
 seen anything.
 But also, it's not like a swimming pool.
 It's not like you have to take your kit off completely to put your golf shoes on.
 You're absolutely right.
 What?
 What are they doing there?
 Well, anyway.
 What do men do in changing rooms, actually?
 Suddenly, it's way more suspicious for them to kick up this big fuss.
 You're right.
 I don't know, but James, you presumably spend a lot of time in those...
 You might have a shower.
 Oh, there we go.
 So, basically, the men were uncomfortable about this situation with the women walking
 near their changing rooms, and they demanded that the women be banned from playing golf
 for weekends as a sort of proportional response.
 And Smythe actually told the ladies' committee, "Look, let's give the men a slightly easier
 ride on this one.
 Maybe they're just incredibly modest, and they're worried about it."
 And the sort of militant women, almost all of them, abandoned this shortcut route.
 So, she basically sold out the sisterhood and gave the men at the golf club a slightly
 easier time, and she thinks that because Lord Riddell was maybe friends with the PM, he might
 have said, "Look, we should make this woman a Dave."
 Lord Riddell had a particularly tiny penis in him, so relieved.
 It's a particularly dangerous place to tie yourself to trees, as well, a golf course.
 Yeah.
 Certainly if I'm playing golf, you'd know I'd be tired of any trees near me.
 She...
 When I read her story, I've never heard of her before, but she just...
 It's begging for a movie to be made about her life.
 She was a suffragette.
 She played a big role in composing songs for the suffragettes, but she also had rumors
 of affairs going on with people like Emmeline Panchurst and...
 Everybody.
 And Virginia Woolf.
 Although, these are all kind of rumors, and I think Virginia Woolf was the one who started
 the Panchurst rumor, suggesting that they were lovers, but she spent time in jail for
 throwing stones.
 She was just...
 She was a badass, basically.
 I think she was in love with both of those two people.
 I think she was a woman who fell in love quite a lot.
 You get the impression, and it was sometimes reciprocated and sometimes not.
 I mean, Virginia Woolf wrote when Ethel fell in love with her.
 She wrote in her diary, I think, "An old woman has fallen in love with me.
 It's like being caught by a giant crab."
 Oh.
 Which is not what you want, is it?
 No, not really.
 You don't say "yes" to that.
 No.
 It just comes at you sideways.
 Exciting.
 Founces.
 We should talk about the thing which landed her in prison, because this was a brilliant
 incident.
 It was in 1912, and the really cool thing is you could hear her talking about it.
 There was a recording made before she died, but she was saying at 5.30pm, one evening in
 1912, relays of women produced from their muffs and handbags, hammers and things like
 that, and proceeded to methodically smash up windows in all the big London thoroughfares.
 And Mrs. Pankhurst was the one who kind of opened the bowling on that occasion, so she
 threw a stone at 10 Downing Street, and then simultaneously, all over London, suffragettes
 and suffragettes were throwing stones at various buildings, and she was one of them.
 So she went to the house of someone called Lord Harcourt, who had annoyed her, and she
 got to the Target Square.
 There was a policeman standing around, and she said, "Whose house is that?
 What about that one?"
 He threw a stone through the window of Lord Harcourt, and he says, "Will you come quietly?"
 And she said, "Yes."
 And then he arrested her, and she went off to prison.
 That was it.
 That was the protest.
 That's cool.
 Virginia Woolf said that she was the first ever woman to write an opera, and she was
 wrong about that, because the first woman to write an opera was someone called Francesca
 Caccini, and there was about 250 years before Ethel Smythe came along.
 And Caccini, she was amazing.
 She sang at the wedding of Henry IV of France, and he was so impressed by her singing that
 he asked her to stay in his court, and by the time of the 1620s or the top of her career,
 she was the highest-paid musician in the court by this woman, and her opera, which was the
 first written by a woman, this is called La Liberazione di Ruggero, and it was so good
 that the King of Poland heard it, and he rushed all the way back to Poland and created his
 own opera house just so that he could get someone to play this opera in it.
 Wow.
 It was such a hassle before, Gramophones or CD Plays.
 Spotify.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Had to build a bloody opera house.
 To be fair to Virginia Woolf, no internet for her.
 No, she couldn't Google it, could she?
 We had to make a guess.
 Do you know we have mentioned Ethel Smythe on this podcast before, but without knowing
 it.
 Oh.
 Dun, dun, dun.
 So, do you remember listeners at home, and you guys, you know the Bishop of Truro, Edward
 White-Benson, who invented the carol concert, the Christmas carol concert.
 We talked about him because he had this amazing family.
 His wife was gay and kept a diary of her 39 lesbian lovers, and had lots of affairs,
 and we mentioned that his wife was going out with this particular woman, who was then stolen
 by his daughter, and it was this raunchy love triangle where mother and daughter were fighting,
 and that was Ethel.
 Wow.
 That's it.
 Yeah.
 It's obviously a different world now for composers, female composers, but survey was
 done in 2020 to see on an average year, how many orchestral concerts worldwide were playing
 music that was composed by women.
 So in percentage terms, what do you reckon it would be?
 Oh, they're still really low.
 Miniscule, I should think.
 Yeah, so they surveyed 15 orchestras worldwide, who did more than 1,500 concerts, and did
 4,000 pieces, and what it comes out is 8.2%.
 So only 142 of the pieces were composed by women, which is not much more than it was
 in her day, according to this stat from Don, D-O-N-N-E, which is women.
 Don.
 Your mate Don, Don the dog, I've met him, yeah.
 Yeah, Don.
 I don't know if he's reliable.
 Don my research for me this week.
 It's a women in music charity foundation, and they did this as a big global survey to
 find out.
 So it's that song about him, isn't it, Don, D-O-N-D-O-N.
 The problem is, I suppose, is that orchestras tend to play classical music, and it is all
 from the past, and almost all past composers were men, so it's so hard to sort of create
 a female composer from the 1800s.
 But certainly there should be more contemporary ones, which still are.
 Just one more thing about Smythe, she wants kidnapped her own opera.
 Oh, yes.
 Mid-show.
 This is so cool.
 It was in Leipzig in 1906, her opera The Wreckers had its debut, which is about a load of people
 who wreck ships.
 She found out there had been edits made, which was absolutely furious.
 She found some cuts had been made to the third act, and she walked into the orchestra pit.
 She took the parts off the musicians, and she took the score with her, and she went to
 Prague, where she thought she'd get a fairer hearing and get a played in full.
 The nuts move.
 For someone who's achieved what no one could have really dreamed a woman would achieve
 at that time, God, they're putting it on in Leipzig.
 It got standing ovation, huge deal.
 She storms off in a strop with all the stuff they need to play it.
 I just find it so funny, though, that how vulnerable are classical musicians that, when
 the paper's taken away, well, that's it.
 We can't do anything.
 We can't remember the chords like any other song.
 What could you do?
 It's a long, it's a long song.
 It's not a Westlife song.
 Opras are long.
 Opras are long.
 Oh, if you're playing a violin, you can memorize.
 You can memorize a piece.
 Dude.
 No, they've just seen this piece.
 I think that, you know.
 Bands play for three hours.
 It's the same chords, guys.
 It's the same instruments.
 Everyone!
 There's no extra chords.
 LA.
 Everyone.
 Play LA.
 Right?
 No, everyone.
 LA.
 There's no extra notes that classical people have that coldplay don't have.
 But sometimes.
 And if you're a classical musician, if you're a classical bassoonist and you think that what
 you do is no more difficult than a rudimentary coldplay song, please write to Dan, podcast
 at qi.com.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 We crave to hear from you.
 Let me hear.
 Okay.
 You're telling me.
 Let the bassoon meet the buffoon.
 Bruce Springsteen does five hour gigs.
 You're telling me you're better than him?
 Bassoon boy?
 He's been playing.
 Oh my gosh.
 And also, yeah, he's been playing the same tunes for 150 years.
 He hasn't seen, I've got a three hour opera put in front of him two days ago.
 He's like, bloody hell, rehearse this and then you're going to play it in two nights.
 It's like a panic dream for any normal human being.
 Dan, he wouldn't have got it first time, a quick glance.
 Nailed it.
 Got it.
 Tears up the paper.
 No, no, no.
 Forget that.
 How do you forget that?
 No, no, no, no.
 Thank you and good night.
 Good night, Vienna.
 Okay.
 It is time for fact number two, and that is Andy.
 My fact is that TV screens are cut from a massive TV screen called the mother glass.
 The mother glass.
 The mother glass itself, does it work as an enormous TV screen?
 I imagine it would do.
 Oh, cool.
 But it's so big that I don't think they've made the TV big enough.
 You wouldn't be able to get out the factory, would you?
 I should say where this comes from.
 This comes from a brilliant Atlantic piece about TV tech and the main focus of it was
 that actually the TVs are so cheap.
 TVs are way cheaper than they used to be, and there are various reasons for that.
 One is that LED panels, which are now the main ingredient in TV, they're much cheaper,
 and another reason is the mother glass because manufacturers are way better these days at
 cutting screens out of the mother glass, so there's much less wastage, and so that's
 part of the reason why TVs are so much cheaper.
 So how do you make mother glass?
 It's basically the glass, so this is, we're talking about LCD screens, aren't we, which
 are basically what your TV screen property is today, and you've got your two thin sheets
 of glass sandwiched together.
 I think in between the two thin sheets of glass, there's like a liquid crystal thing
 which acts as the conductor, and so you just have this huge sheet of that glass, and I
 think each sheet can be dozens of feet, the mother glass, and so you can cut, you know,
 10, 10, 15 TVs out of that.
 And how they make glass, I don't know if they still do it this way, but I think they
 do.
 It's basically float glass.
 So float glass was invented in the 50s in St. Helens, near where I'm from, and the idea
 is it was really hard to make flat glass in those days, but what they worked out is you
 could put a load of glass on a load of molten tin, so you melt a load of tin to a really
 high temperature, and then you put the glass on it, and it sits perfectly on top of it,
 like if you pour oil on water, it would just be a small film of it, and then when the tin
 and the glass cools down, you can just sort of peel it off, and it'll be a really flat
 piece of glass, and I think that's still how they make flat glass, so it certainly was
 10 years ago.
 That's amazing.
 You know, researching this fact, I just came across so much new vocab.
 It was great.
 It was like researching a foreign language.
 Well, you don't watch much TV, do you, Hannah?
 That's true, so.
 So there's a fab.
 Fabs are constantly referred to when you're talking about, like, high-end technological
 production, and these are factories in China.
 It's short for fabrication plants, and no one ever explains what they are, because they
 assume if you're reading these articles, you definitely know what a fab is, so all of these
 screens are made in fabs.
 Apparently, you can spot an LCD screen-making fab, because they'll be very tall.
 They'll go up many, many stories, and they will hoist the equipment up the outside, so
 they have big windows on the outside where they hoist the equipment up, and then they
 just hoist it in to where they need it.
 Everyone in there looks like they're in hazmat suits or Ebola fighters, because they have
 to have what you call clean rooms, because it's so fine.
 You're working with, like, atomic-level stuff, and when you're making these very specialized
 screens, you can't get a single speck of dust.
 So the rooms have to be what you call a class 10 clean room, or even a class 1 clean room,
 and what that means is that you have to have fewer than one particle smaller than 0.3 microns
 in diameter per cubic meter of air.
 So for comparison, so that's class 1.
 So who was that the best?
 That's the best.
 Are you about to ask who cleans?
 Who counts them?
 And I'm not going to ask who goes in and counts them.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, that's an 8.
 That's 8 of those.
 Some, yeah, technician with a magnifying glass.
 So for comparison, the article I was reading, which I guess was written by someone in Harvard,
 so they compared it to Harvard Square, they said Harvard Square would, in Boston, would
 be class 8 million.
 Oh, right.
 Just in the air, not even on the ground.
 In the air, yeah, in the air, 8 million particles per cubic meter.
 This has to have one.
 If there's more than one, you shut down the factory.
 Wow.
 That's awesome.
 My TV's got one of these.
 It's so annoying.
 What?
 Well, I think it's actually more of a dead pixel, but it's just this tiny spot and it's
 absolutely dead center.
 Everything I watch, whatever's in the middle, has like a small fly on it.
 Really?
 But you're always watching the darts, aren't you?
 Are you sure?
 Yeah.
 I'll stop drooling in when I watch it.
 That's so funny.
 You were saying that they need to be really thin and part of the reason for that is because
 to make your glass non-reflective, you need to put a kind of film on it.
 So if you just have normal glass, all the light's going to reflect off it, you're not
 going to be able to watch TV properly.
 And so they have something called non-reflective glass, and that was invented by someone called
 Catherine Burr Blodgett.
 And what she did was she basically would build up these one molecule films of atoms,
 and then she put another layer on and another layer on and another layer on.
 And so she could control exactly how thick it was going to be, and she worked out the
 exact thickness that it would have to be to make this glass non-reflective.
 It's absolutely incredible.
 The first movie that used her invisible glass was Gone With The Wind, and people said when
 they watched it how clear the cinematography was because the cameras had been using this
 amazing glass.
 When was this?
 This, well, Gone With The Wind was '39.
 Oh, so it was when it was released.
 I didn't realize they could do that kind of thing.
 Well, exactly.
 Amazing, right?
 But it was also her glass or her non-reflective glass was used in World War II to make periscopes
 as well.
 Oh, cool.
 And I was looking into new TV innovations and just trying to see if there's a TV that
 I haven't seen.
 Most of it is kind of just permutations, isn't it, at this point?
 It's just, you know, like, higher, higher, you know, Blu-ray, screen, you know, blah,
 blah, blah, blah, kind of stuff.
 Why were you fired from Curry's then?
 If you're a TV maker at the moment, and Dad's just saying how piss-easy it is to make a new
 TV, I just add a permutation right into Dad's right now.
 God.
 So, check this out.
 This is Samsung, and this is clever.
 Samsung have released a vertical TV.
 They've turned a TV on its side.
 Yeah.
 Cool.
 Now, it's very clever because why do you think they've done this?
 Oh, because people film vertically on the phone.
 Exactly.
 So, the new generation of kids that are sending their videos to the TV are not getting the
 proper view.
 Well, wait a minute.
 So, if I buy that TV, great.
 My daughter will be able to watch her TikTok videos whenever she's old enough to.
 And you'll have to watch the Sopranos.
 The Sopranos?
 No.
 So, Samsung very cleverly have made it so that you can flip it back the right way around
 and you still have.
 I know.
 I feel that's a gimmick.
 I'm going to say major, major advancement in the innovation of TV.
 Okay.
 All right.
 Here's another one.
 In fact, this sort of links back to why TVs are cheap these days is the TVs that watch
 you.
 Oh.
 Oh.
 It's not such a good show as the Sopranos.
 Poor things.
 No, no, no.
 The Sopranos are bored out of their fucking minds watching this guy.
 He's trying to rub off a little spot on his TV.
 So this is a really interesting thing.
 TVs are smart.
 They're internet connected.
 All TVs sold these days pretty much are that.
 And one thing that loads of TVs do, they collect your data and they will sell it to advertisers,
 right?
 And what that means is that TVs can be sold more cheaply because they know that for the
 next several years, they're going to be getting your data and that will be worth some money
 to them.
 So TVs are now being sold effectively for exactly what it costs to make them and then
 they will sell you viewing data and they can make the money back on the long run.
 And sometimes the data will be sold to places like Netflix, even if you don't have a Netflix
 account, which I find so bizarre.
 Yeah.
 And I think that might-
 Makes sense.
 I wonder if that theoretically means that when you turn on Netflix for the first time,
 if you do later get Netflix, they're like, "Ah, Mr Murray."
 "We've been expecting you."
 But jokes on them because I always make sure to only watch stuff I hate on my smart TV.
 That's really interesting because I do the same on Amazon.
 I only buy things I hate just to get those things.
 Just screw with those algorithms.
 They don't know what data they're getting.
 It's not the truth.
 I read about a very old bit of TV technology that I just had never heard of before and
 it seems an extraordinary thing, but have you guys heard of phone vision for TVs?
 No.
 Don't think so.
 Okay, so this was back in the '50s and what it was is that this was pay for TV.
 This was like pay-per-view TV.
 So if a movie had been out in the cinema for two years, they managed to get the rights
 to it and they would put it on TV and it would be the first time anyone would be seeing it
 on TV in their house.
 So how do you do pay-per-view for TV back then when you don't have the kind of payment
 systems and stuff that we do now?
 There was one that had a coin meter on the side of the TV.
 There was one that had a coin meter at night, but this is more interesting in a weird kind
 of technological way.
 What they did was you would go to the channel and you would see the movie playing, but it
 would be completely blurry and all just didn't make, you know, the sound wasn't there and
 didn't make sense.
 So you could see like, "Oh my God, Don with the wind is on.
 I need to get to it."
 And what you did was you then called up an operator and you told them that you would
 like to now watch this movie.
 It would cost a dollar and they would add that to your phone bill and what they would
 then do is send a frequency through the phone that would somehow play with the TV and un-blur
 it and give you all the sound.
 So it was your phone and TV working together to get a frequency right.
 Yeah.
 I mean, it's mad and they did many tests on it and never kicked off, obviously, because
 various reasons.
 If you were quite stingy, because this is definitely what I would do, especially if
 I was a teenager or something, do you know if you could watch the whole thing, but like
 the blurry crap version that didn't really make sense, like that would keep playing?
 I think so.
 I would totally do that and just sort of try to work out.
 You know when you used to get like bootleg DVDs from foreign countries?
 Filmed in a cinema.
 Yeah.
 And you watched the bottom quarter of the screen and you'd only see half of their bodies.
 Yeah, exactly.
 I was reading about what claimed to be the first remote control, the lazy bones.
 And it was a remote control and it was connected by a cable to the television.
 So it's not completely remote and the operation is mechanical, it's not electronic.
 So you know, when you press it now, it's a little infrared beam or whatever.
 These days, if you press the button, it activated a motor that was used to physically turn the
 dial on the television.
 It feels like this should be a little hand-like thing for the Adams family to do.
 Yeah.
 On remote controls, is that what your family calls those items, everyone else, what do
 you call it?
 I'd say the buttons.
 The buttons.
 They say channel changer.
 Channel changer, that's not unusual.
 We used to call them the magic buttons and there was a list online of someone did a survey
 of what people in the UK call them and magic buttons wasn't in the top 100, I should say.
 But the number one was remote.
 Can you guess any of the others in the top five?
 We haven't said them yet.
 The doofa.
 Doofa number two.
 Yes.
 The word doofa originally meant half a cigarette in the 1920s and it came from this will doofa
 now.
 This will do for me.
 That's brilliant.
 Nice.
 Okay, so that's remote doofa.
 Was it one?
 Was one the thing?
 Like a magic?
 That's not one that I saw.
 The thing?
 No.
 Zappa, Flickr and Flickr.
 Jobby?
 Jobby.
 Jobby, you got something to say about that.
 Someone's left a jobby on the arm of a sofa.
 No, Anna.
 Put the jobby on the table where it belongs.
 You haven't seen much Billy Connolly, have you?
 Jobby, I believe, is only a euphemism for poo, to my knowledge.
 Okay, come on.
 You used the word jobby when you can't think of the right word for something.
 They're right.
 You passed that jobby over there.
 Your poor housemates come home with remote controls in the toilet again.
 Puts doesn't make any sense.
 You're just plunging away at it.
 They were leaving poos on our tables.
 I never understood why.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that Queen Charlotte once got seasickness while visiting an art
 exhibition on land.
 Amazing.
 I can't believe we got a fact about sickness.
 Literally recovering from food poisoning.
 I just feel like a terrible listener, just so you know.
 I got this fact from a brilliant book by a buddy of ours, Edward Brook Hitching.
 It's called The Madman's Gallery, which is an incredible book, by the way.
 I love his books and this is a beautifully illustrated book all about the weirdest and
 most quirky and curious bits of art that have been made over the course of history
 all over the world.
 It's like he's curated this really stunning book.
 And one of the chapters talks about this incredible thing that happened just five
 minutes walk from where we are, Leicester Square, down the road in 1790s.
 In 1794 particularly, when Queen Charlotte went to see what was a giant panoramic piece
 of art, huge in a purpose built building so that you could go inside and be immersed
 by this extraordinary scene.
 And one that he did was a sea battle and Queen Charlotte went to see it and she was
 so immersed and felt so overcome by all the movement of the ships that she got seasick.
 And there's a few stories that said she vomited into her handkerchief.
 There's others that say she was very nauseous.
 Yeah.
 But yeah.
 Which handkerchief?
 Was that a blower or a shower?
 Must have been the blower.
 It was a vomer.
 It was a special handkerchief.
 Yeah, it's interesting.
 She, I think the main part of the story comes from the memoirs of the man who created this
 panorama, whose name was Barker, Robert Barker.
 And he wrote that Charlotte had told him that she had felt seasick at the time.
 There is a suggestion that he was quite a salesman.
 Yes.
 I used to make stuff up.
 Absolutely.
 So there's a chance it might not be true.
 Totally.
 But there's a chance though of just like how people who went in.
 That's for sure.
 It did happen.
 The people got seasick.
 Yeah, people got seasick.
 But also the thing was that the paintings themselves were, they were beautiful paintings,
 but they were sort of presented in this way that they kind of were a bit of an illusion
 that you got a bit confused that maybe something was going on and your eyes were playing tricks
 with you.
 So in the sea battle one, there was a capsized shipboat and there was sailors that were struggling
 in the waves.
 And according to one story, there was a guy who was visiting and he had his dog with
 a Newfoundland dog and this dog saw the drowning man in the painting and leapt over to rescue
 the drowning man.
 That is one of the stories.
 Again, I think that was used in the advertising for the panorama.
 I think whether it happened, it might have happened, but yeah, they said this is so realistic,
 but this happened.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Keep your dogs at home.
 Do not risk your dogs.
 That's so funny.
 I'm imagining like the end, you know the end of the Truman Show where the dog bites through
 the screen and he's suddenly in the real world.
 It's not a spoiler.
 He's been trapped.
 It is, yeah.
 If you haven't seen the end of the Truman Show yet, James, it's almost as old as Anna Karenina.
 This building is so cool and like Dan says, the building where he hosted lots of his panoramas,
 I went to it today.
 Oh, did you?
 Yeah.
 It's right next to the Prince Charles Cinema and the Leicester Square Theatre, you know,
 the street just off Leicester Square and it's now a French Catholic church.
 It's the church of Notre Dame de France.
 And you're a French Catholic, aren't you?
 So you just have to be taking a map.
 That's how I got in.
 Yeah, yeah.
 And it's, you go into the church and it's a completely round church and you think, oh,
 that's interesting.
 It's not a classic, your classic church cross shaped and it's beautiful in there and you
 can, you can really imagine.
 You could still go in.
 That's really interesting.
 It's completely open every day of the week.
 He actually invented the word panorama, he said.
 And he, it is worth thinking about how amazing it would have been to go into this place.
 It was two levels.
 And so I think he had two panoramas exhibiting in there at the same time.
 Yes, yeah.
 And it was kind of like when you go to a fairground, like one of the bit more crap rides where
 you just walk around it.
 But still, you look at the big painting on the ground floor and then he went through a
 series of pallet cleanser dark corridors and staircases so that you could have raised that
 from your mind so that you could get up to the next floor and enjoy that one.
 Even to get to the first one, you had to go through some weird dark corridors, didn't you?
 And the way that it was lit was really impressive.
 Like it was lit from above using natural light, but it meant that it was really realistic.
 And so you would kind of go through all these dark corridors, dark corridors and then you'd
 be hit by this incredible scene.
 Yeah.
 But what that did mean was that at certain times of the year, it was better than others.
 So for instance, if the weather wasn't good, it wasn't that good to see.
 If it was foggy, you probably wouldn't go.
 If it was raining, you probably wouldn't go.
 In winter, you probably only go on midday.
 The rest of the day, it was not quite so good.
 And it was like a shilling to go, which is not that much, but to some London as it was.
 So if you're going to spend your money, you go on a really good day.
 But they kept putting them on.
 So he started in 1787, painting his first ever one.
 And it opened up in London in the 1780s or '90s.
 At the Leicester Square one, they had a new show every couple of years until 1861.
 So they had 126 different panoramas.
 So good.
 It's a huge industry.
 And it meant you could travel the world from London.
 You could see all sorts of different cities and places and historical things.
 You could see battles and you could see revolutions.
 And it just sounds unbelievably good.
 And what's particularly beautiful about it is so you do have the ones where it's all battle scenes.
 And the painters used to go and interview people of the area and they would try and get the landscape.
 But for me, the most beautiful ones are there was a panorama of Edinburgh.
 And what it was is he stood up, I think, with his son on Coulton Hill in Edinburgh.
 And so when you stand in the centre of this panorama,
 what you're seeing is literally the view absolutely perfectly matched for what you would see
 if you were standing in his shoes when he was painting it.
 I just find that absolutely stunning as a concept.
 That was his first one.
 I mean, that is the premise of all paintings.
 You'll see what the painter was seeing.
 Yeah, apart from abstract ones.
 Oh God, I mean, yeah, but the sea battle ones that were showing, you know,
 that wasn't someone while everyone was falling out of their boats and everything was on fire.
 Sorry, can you just hold it for one minute?
 Stop! Moving!
 The panoramas in general, they became huge.
 So Barker started this trade. He really quickly had imitators.
 He trademarked it, didn't he?
 He tried to make sure that that was his invention.
 But then it ran out after about a decade.
 And so then it was a complete free for all the panoramas everywhere.
 And then in 1831 in Paris, which was about the Battle of Navarino, a naval battle,
 and the producer, this is so cool, he was called Charles Longlois,
 and he replaced the normal viewing platform that everyone would stand on in the middle
 and look around at the picture with the poop deck of a ship
 which had taken part in the Battle of Navarino.
 - Nice. - Ultra realistic.
 He had a ventilation to give a sea breeze,
 and he did all of this clever stuff to make it feel incredibly accurate.
 The poop deck, of course, covered in channel changers, wasn't it?
 Yeah.
 We covered very slightly ages ago about Banvard,
 and that brilliant book, Banvard's Folly,
 which we always get asked about from listeners.
 But what that was was those turnstile panoramas
 where it was basically a movie wrapped up,
 and you would turn it, and it would be a moving,
 as if you were on a train and the view was passing you by,
 the painting would pass you by, and they would have sound,
 they would have smells, kind of like what you're saying with the other immersive thing,
 and you would watch that like a movie, which is amazing,
 and Banvard had one which was the Mississippi Valley,
 and it was a three-mile canvas, three-mile-long canvas, he called it.
 It was actually half a mile, when people probably looked into it.
 But all of this, which feels like it's such a shame that we don't have this anymore,
 these panoramic retundas, I think they'd be beautiful to go into.
 It was cinema that killed it.
 And when cinema arrived, that just no one was interested anymore in seeing these things.
 But the panoramas, I don't know, they were still going
 at the turn of the 20th century, they were still really popular.
 They were still going, and basically the 1900 Grand Exhibition,
 which I think was in Paris, was the last, it was sort of the absolute apogee,
 and the final grand hurrah of the panoramas.
 I was reading a really great book called Panorama,
 and it said that between 1870 and 1900, 100 million people around the world went to see panoramas.
 Although 100 million tickets were sold, maybe a lot of that was the same people, but huge claim.
 Just on the kind of last hurrah of the panorama, the 1900 Grand Exhibition,
 so they got really, really fancy, basically, they built and built and built,
 and there were all these, they were called Rama shows, so there was the Daya Rama,
 there was the Alparama, the Cosmarama, Europarama, Neorama.
 - Future Rama. - Yeah, it developed.
 - Banana Rama. - In 1900, in the Grand Exhibition,
 this, oh, this sounds so good, the Mariorama.
 It's a bee, yeah, to find the princess, it was amazing.
 No, there was, so 700 people got on the platform,
 and then you would sail from Marseille to Yokohama, okay, a huge long voyage,
 and I don't know how it revolved or moved around you, but that's mostly sea, I would think.
 - It's all sea, oh yeah, sorry, it's complete sea voyage, but it was,
 - It's quite an easy thing to paint, is what I'm saying, you're absolutely right.
 - Whoa, you're saying a bunch of sea is an easy thing to paint, are you joining Dan?
 - Please write it. - And if you're an ocean painter.
 - Turner, please get in touch. - No, you're right, sorry,
 there were big sites along the way of Naples, and the Suez Canal, and Sri Lanka,
 and it sort of moved around you, and the, this is so cool,
 it was blown through a layer of kelp to make it seem like the sea breeze was blowing around you.
 - Just on vomiting and art, sickness and art, do you guys know Millie Brown?
 - Doesn't sound familiar. - So she's friends with Lady Gaga,
 and so when she was 17 in the early 2000s, she was a young artist,
 she went on stage in Berlin doing some performance art,
 and she decided, hadn't tried it before, to try and vomit art onto a canvas,
 and she lined up seven bottles of different coloured milk, dyed differently,
 and then the whole show is two hours of watching her throw it up.
 - I could have done that yesterday. - But no one would have paid to watch you.
 - Well, that's the artificial barriers of the art world, frankly.
 - Right. - Exactly, I often go to the tape mud and go,
 "I could have done that." My five-year-old could have done that, I literally could.
 - She just goes to Leicester Square on a Saturday night, get the three Millie Brown show,
 all sorts of colours. - Wow, so what did she manage to do?
 Did she manage to do a nice picture of some flowers, or perhaps a portrait?
 - It was a beautiful, sort of impressionist, water lilies, yeah, it was a vomity mess,
 I suppose, but I'm sure it was very good.
 She said there was an old lady who was so moved that she left in tears.
 - Optical illusions? - Sure.
 - Just things that look different or make you feel weird.
 So if you're a footballer and you score a goal, the next time you approach the goal,
 you perceive it as bigger than it is, and if you take a shot on goal and you miss,
 the next time you perceive it as smaller.
 - I watch a lot of basketball and you read about that a lot of players saying that
 when they get on a run of three-pointers, the basket, the rim just feels like it's a bucket size,
 like you just can't miss.
 - Yeah, bucket size is actually smaller than a basketball ring.
 - Sorry? - I think we have the average bucket.
 - Yeah, no good point on it. - Hang on, little garden bucket.
 - I'm sorry, Anna, I think you're really knowledgeable about loads of stuff.
 I don't think you know the size of the average bucket on Earth.
 - I'm watching, like, a metal bucket used for gardening.
 - I think she's right, I think a rim is right.
 - No, I'm thinking of a paint bucket, or a KFC bucket.
 - Also small. - Definitely, yeah.
 - That's small, that's small. - What's a bigger bucket?
 - Well, an ice bucket for the ice bucket challenge, absolutely huge, can be.
 - But that tended to just be a big, like, plastic box full of water used.
 - Yeah, that's a laundry basket. - You're thinking of a barrel, I think.
 - I think we're all making my case for meat, which is that a bucket is not a size.
 - When you take your kids to the beach, do you just take a giant,
 just dunk them with this giant barrel size bucket, make a sandcastle, bitch?
 - I read one last thing, this is quite rude, it's quite recent as well.
 It's a news story, it's a guy who was, he was at an optical illusion show
 with his girlfriend, and there was one room in it where you could do an illusion
 which made things look bigger, right?
 Now, he did what any funny young man would do.
 - I've been in one of those rooms, I know what the one should mean.
 The person goes in one corner and then another person stands in the other corner
 and one of them looks like a giant and the other one looks tiny, right?
 - And he, obviously, obviously, got his knob out and said,
 "Look, look how much bigger it is from here."
 And his girlfriend said, "God, I can't take you anywhere."
 They were alone in the room.
 What he didn't realise was that the image was being projected onto a screen
 in another room next door, which was full of people.
 - Oh no.
 - He was arrested for exposing himself.
 - It feels, I mean, that kind of half there enough,
 but on the other hand, they should have told him that it was being...
 - They should have told him.
 - Definitely.
 You've got to be told, if you think you're alone in a room, you can do any sort of thing.
 - That's crazy.
 - He was completely mortified, he was so worried about it for two years.
 He has ended up being officially admonished.
 - I think that actually women shouldn't be allowed to walk past that illusion
 on a Saturday anyway.
 - I think Woking Golf Club should actually install one of those mirrors
 in the changing room, so that's going to solve lots of issues.
 - Okay, it's time for our final fact of the show, and that is James.
 - Okay, my fact this week is that when hyenas hunt,
 they often go for low-hanging fruit.
 They especially like buffalo testicles.
 - Oh, buffaloes.
 - It does not mean the buffalo is angry, and the buffalo is big.
 - Sure, but hyenas are quick.
 - Yeah, they are.
 - Convicious.
 - Then they've got hot chopped teeth.
 - Yeah.
 So hyenas are famous for being scavengers, I think, mostly.
 But if you look into it, they are all-rounders, really.
 They do scavenge sometimes, but they also hunt a lot,
 and they especially hunt when they don't have anything to scavenge.
 So there's been a thing recently in Kenya where there have been fewer lions around,
 and because there are fewer lions, there's fewer dead animals for the hyenas to go after.
 And because a hyena can't really chase a gazelle,
 because they're not fast enough, it's hard for them to catch big animals.
 They tend to go for things that are kind of easy for them to get.
 And according to this article I read, which was actually about the 2022 Kenyan election,
 weirdly enough, in this article,
 they said that there is a thing where they've been found to be grabbing the balls of buffaloes.
 - Oh, wow.
 - Is it kind of on the go, as in are they aiming to get the whole buffalo,
 and they just settle for the balls, or is it just--
 - I believe they go for a quick testicle and then they get--
 - The thing is, their teeth are so sharp, they're so fast at eating as well,
 they can just absolutely decimate their prey really quickly.
 I imagine the buffaloes might not even notice to begin with.
 Just to begin with, it's just so quick, it's just like, your balls are gone,
 and then it's like a few minutes later, feels a bit looser, goosey down there, what's going on?
 That is just such a precision cut.
 - I-- - Nope, no one?
 - If you're a buffalo, and you're a feeling sore, they're amazing though.
 So their teeth, properly, properly sharp, and this is the spotted hyena.
 So we've got four species of hyena that are alive today.
 We used to have a lot more.
 In the fossil record, there was something like 70 different species of hyena.
 They're even finding ones now that were sort of in the Arctic, North Canada,
 where they didn't think they were before, they found teeth extracts and so on.
 So we're finding more hyenas. - Probably bear balls.
 - But their teeth are so strong, they can chew through the skulls of elephants.
 And they can digest things in ways that most other animals can't.
 So they can properly digest bone in the hyena.
 - Yeah, they're the only things. - It's extraordinary.
 - Really, the only mammals that can digest bone are one of the only mammals.
 - Oh, wow. - But they're bone crunching,
 and that's really good because it sort of recycles stuff on the savanna,
 and it returns all those nutrients, all that good stuff in bone,
 like phosphorus and calcium goes into the soil, and they have white poo.
 So if you are looking around on the ground and you see some bright white poo,
 likely to be a hyena around.
 - Are they dangerous to humans? - They can hurt you.
 - You get your balls out.
 - They sound like a buffalo. - Not without my mirror.
 - You're an amusing optical illusion thing, I think that's really funny.
 I just want to say, I find hyenas very gross, personally.
 I know Anna... - Ooh, you're going to get letters.
 - You're going to get letters from the... - They're sort of pretty mean customers,
 and I know they have lots of good things about...
 - What do you like about them? - Oh, they're all God's creatures.
 - They're all God's creatures, but they just... - I know they look weird and ugly.
 - They're that weird sloping shape. - They make a horrible laugh.
 - They're in the Lion King, aren't they? - But they do make that horrible laugh.
 - They're pretty... - And do you think they're kind of laughing at you?
 - No, they never do whenever I'm here, and that's the annoying thing.
 I've been banging out some great material for them.
 - That solo show you took to the savanna was... - Have you ever gone to the zoo with Andy?
 - I eat his abyss of themselves until Andy was passed and they go, "I prefer his old stuff."
 - Obviously Andy's not alone and not liking hyenas,
 and we've talked before about the Lion King effects, not helping their reputation as well.
 - I like them. I'm going to put it out there. I like them.
 - The kind of woke police comes along now.
 - Wait, I thought you were saying you like them too, Anna?
 - Yeah, I'm not going to make a big deal of it. - No, I'm not going to start an old campaign.
 - That's what happens when you try to do something nice, Dad.
 - You can't win here.
 - The word "mafisi" means hyena in Swahili, but in Kenya, it's also an insult.
 It's also slang. I think it means something like "shithead" or "shit friends" or something.
 - It's so weird that the people who know most about hyenas would have a negative word,
 which also means hyena. Wow, they're clearly misinformed, aren't they?
 I hope you go over and do a re-education tour.
 - There is something actually that they screw up for us, and that is if you are a paleoanthropologist.
 So maybe you don't like them from this perspective.
 Because this is people who are looking for evidence of hunter-gatherer humans,
 ancient humans or proto-humans.
 And sometimes it's really hard to tell if humans have been somewhere or if hyenas have been somewhere,
 because they are the only two things that can break up bones.
 And so you'll find piles of animal bones that have been shattered or mostly devoured,
 and humans had stone tools with which they could smash up bones.
 Hyenas obviously can just chew through them.
 And they actually, scientists did an experiment to see how we can tell the difference.
 And they fed some bones to hyenas, and they gave some bones to humans with a hammer,
 hammer stones, and told them to smash them up.
 And you can't really tell the difference.
 - That's so interesting.
 There is one interesting thing that hyenas can tell your paleo guys.
 Angles, and that is that there might have been neanderthals nearby.
 Because hyenas were kept by neanderthals as pets.
 So in the same way that humans had dogs for various different things,
 for partnership or hunting or whatever, then the neanderthals had hyenas.
 And the thing is that hyena is a type of cat.
 But it really fills in the niche of a dog.
 If you didn't know, you would think it was kind of a dog.
 And it could be that that's why they exist even,
 because they're basically the neanderthal dog.
 And then the neanderthals died out, but then the hyenas are still here.
 - And that's why they really miss their owners, which is why they're so bad.
 - I bet they ate their owners.
 That's why the neanderthals died out, actually, was because they had such incredibly unfriendly dogs.
 - It's funny you say that there was a find, I think, last year in a cave in Spain of neanderthal bones,
 and they think they were eaten by hyenas.
 - They might have sometimes turned on them.
 - They're just animals, they're just doing what they do, but they're unfriendly.
 They're not well-exposed to us.
 - They sort of arrive unfriendly as well, don't they?
 So hyenas, it's dominated by the females, their societies.
 And when the mother is pregnant, in the later stages of pregnancy,
 there's a moment where sort of a lot of testosterone is released into the womb,
 and they basically just soak in it like a bath for the final stages of the pregnancy.
 And then when they come out, it's usually the female hyenas who really get more of this testosterone in them
 than the male hyenas, the boy hyenas that are coming out.
 And so the females are furious.
 They're in there, the testosterone is going crazy in them.
 Their teeth are ready, they get born with their eyes open, and they're just ready to fight.
 And if the litter that the hyena has, if that's the correct term, is two girls, let's say,
 then those two will immediately see some food and just try and kill each other
 to make sure that they're the one who gets the dinner.
 Whereas if a boy comes out with a girl, then there's no fighting,
 because the boy's like, "I'm not touching you, you're vicious, you're crazy."
 - These are Lion King ones.
 The ones that were animated in the Lion King, they were based on some real hyenas.
 I mean, obviously they're based on hyenas, but in fact, we know specifically
 which hyenas they were based on.
 And these are the hyenas from Berkeley, California.
 And it's a classic Hollywood.
 - I was going to say, do you think they go back to their pack and they're sort of,
 "Oh, well, I'm the famous hyena." But if they're already living in Berkeley, then...
 - They're already completely out of themselves. They've all been in something.
 Yeah, they're on the bone smoothies.
 There was this research centre in Berkeley which had 30 hyenas living in it,
 and they were being studied by brilliant research scientists.
 And I read a great piece all about this research centre.
 One of the keepers of the hyenas who was interviewed in this article,
 she was called Mary Weldella.
 I don't know if I'm pronouncing it right, I'm sure I'm not.
 But when the guy who's writing the piece goes and speaks to her,
 he notices that Mary had a very, really peculiar thumb.
 And you know why she had such a peculiar thumb?
 - Well, she part hyena, a very small part hyena.
 - Exactly right.
 - She traps it in a door.
 - It's more related to what I was trying to say.
 - She had a very peculiar looking thumb.
 - Had it been eaten by a hyena.
 - It was her big toe.
 And the reason was because her original thumb had been bitten off by a hyena.
 And so they had to replace it with her big toe.
 - Well, I bet she aggravated that.
 I bet she gave it a thumbs down for something.
 We've said there are four, you said Dan, there are four species of hyena.
 - I did.
 - And yeah, you say that they are more closely related to cats than to dogs.
 But they're actually just their own, they're not even their own species.
 They're their own family.
 They're so different to anything else.
 And each hyena species is in its own genus.
 I think the spotted hyenas get all the most press.
 And they are the ones who do the most hunting.
 So actually they hunt most of the food.
 They actually get more of their kills stolen by lions than the other way around.
 - How do they?
 - But my favorite hyenas are odd wolves, which get not that much press.
 And odd wolves are the fourth species, which only eat insects.
 And they're quite slow and quite crap at fighting.
 - They only eat the testicles of ants.
 - They're able to get down really low.
 They're very good at limbo.
 - God, I've heard of an odd wolf, but I did not know it was a kind of hyena.
 - No, I didn't either.
 - And now I've gone right off them.
 - Well, bad news, Andy, because I know you don't want hyenas strolling the streets of Britain.
 But, and they can't, according to the Dangerous Wild Animals Act of 1976.
 You're not allowed to have a pet hyena, but you are allowed to have a pet odd wolf.
 - Wow.
 - Specifically in the lore, it says all hyenas are banned except for the odd wolf.
 - No way.
 - Wow.
 - Well, because all they do is eat termites.
 - Have you guys seen a photo of one?
 Did they look like a hyena?
 - Yeah.
 - Are they sort of indistinguishable?
 Same height, same size?
 - Yeah, I would say they look, all four species look a bit different,
 but very similar to each other.
 - But they have like really long tongues, like an odd bark.
 - All four, for instance.
 - Yeah.
 Basically, they're only way of defending themselves.
 One of the only ways is they secrete this substance from the anal glands,
 which is really disgusting.
 And actually, we don't know.
 It could be defense, or it could be to mark their territory
 or tell other hyenas where they are.
 And according to, there was a book on African mammals I was reading,
 which explained how they wipe their substances on the ground.
 And they straddle a grass stalk, and then they rapidly squat,
 I think, up and down on this grass stalk while inverting their anal pouch.
 And it wipes this smear.
 So you know if they've been around, you can see a little smear of their presence.
 Do you know the hyena men in Nigeria?
 - No.
 - These are traditional storytellers, but their main trick seems to be,
 there are a few of them there, itinerant.
 They never stay in one place more than a couple of days.
 And the main thing is they have sort of pet hyenas.
 And their job, I think, is to sell kind of powders and potions
 that can, you know, cure you of things.
 And they have these pet hyenas.
 And what they do is they beat drums to attract crowds,
 and then the crowds come.
 And then they put their arms and their heads inside hyena's jaws.
 And so, look, I didn't bite my head off.
 And that's because I've used this powder.
 Why don't you buy some powder that won't bite your head off?
 - What is the reason?
 They've just domesticated the hyenas.
 - Yeah, or maybe sometimes they do bite their heads off,
 and they don't hear about those hyenas.
 - Or it's an art wolf.
 - Or it's not.
 - It's just dressed as a hyena, yeah.
 - It just licks inside your ear while it's long time.
 - Wow, that's great.
 Hyenas go on a diet during Lent in Ethiopia, specifically.
 - That's amazing.
 - Is it a Catholic country?
 - It's very Christian.
 - It's very Christian, yeah, sorry.
 - In Ethiopia, there's constant fasting in the Christian community.
 - Yeah, I really do.
 - So I guess they're subscribing to that.
 - Well, this was, again, a study done by a scientist
 called Gaidi Yerga and colleagues who analysed 553 hyena scats
 before, during and after the period of Lent in Ethiopia.
 And what they found is that basically during Lent,
 the butchers aren't selling meat
 because people aren't eating meat as much, right?
 So that's a problem.
 Hyenas don't have as much scavenging to do.
 So they hunt donkeys instead.
 - All right, they don't say, oh, you know what?
 I'm going to give up buffalo testicles just for the 40 days.
 - Quite the reverse.
 It's really bad to be a donkey during Lent in Ethiopia
 because the odds of you being eaten by a hyena are rocket.
 - Right.
 - And they basically analysed all the hyena feces
 and they found that donkey hair proportion in the feces
 shoots up more than doubles during the Lenten period.
 - That's a real stab in the face, isn't it?
 Because as the creature that brought the Virgin Mary
 into Bethlehem to give birth to Christ our savior.
 - And took Christ into the...
 - On Palm Sunday, wasn't he?
 - When he arrived on a donkey, yeah, yeah.
 - Well, and you're the one who's getting punished
 at Lent of all times.
 - There's irony.
 - There's irony.
 - No, one of those bloody gloomy all the time.
 - That's what E.R. is thinking about.
 - I missed that bit of the hundred acre one
 that E.R. gets eaten by a hyena.
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we've said
 over the course of this podcast,
 we can all be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Shriebland, James.
 - @JamesHarkin.
 - Andy.
 - @AndrewHunterM.
 - And Anna.
 - You can see my podcast at qi.com.
 - Yep, or you can go to our group account,
 which is @NoSuchThing or our website.
 NoSuchThingAsAfish.com.
 All of our previous episodes are up there.
 Do check it out.
 Also check out Club Fish, the secret membership club.
 Not so secret, you can just join it, anyone can.
 And you should.
 It's really fun.
 You get bonus content.
 There's a really cool community hidden away in Discord
 where all the fans get together
 and chat about their favorite things.
 It's really, really fun.
 Have a look.
 But otherwise, just come back here next week.
 We'll be back with another episode.
 We'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
