 Hi everyone, James here. Now, before we start this week's show, just a couple of bits of business,
 first of all, this episode was recorded while Anna was still away and so her place has been taken
 by one of my oldest friends, the absolute genius that is Jenny Ryan. Now, if you're a fan of quiz
 shows, you would know her as the vixen of The Chase. If you're a fan of singing talent shows,
 you might remember her from Celebrity X Factor last year where she got to the final.
 If you're a fan of podcasts, which I know you are, you might know her from Fingers on Buzzers,
 the brilliant quiz-based podcast that Jenny does with comedian Lucy Porter. And actually,
 if you go into the back catalogue of Fingers on Buzzers, you might find an old episode with myself
 and Anna Tyshinsky on, if you are missing her so much that you really need to hear her dulcet tones.
 Okay, on with the podcast.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming to you
 from four undisclosed locations in the UK. My name is Dan Schreiber. I'm sitting here
 with Andrew Hunter Murray, James Harkin and special guest Jenny Ryan. And once again,
 we have gathered round our microphones with our four favorite facts from the last seven days.
 And in a particular order, here we go. Starting with you, Jenny.
 Here we go. Trigger warning for grossness. One theory of the origin of the nursery rhyme
 Pussycat Pussycat is that it's a reference to Queen Anne's poor personal hygiene and an accumulation
 of grime that once fell out of a skirt during a service at St Paul's Cathedral.
 Wow. Wow. Okay. Where to start with that one? Okay, well, let's start with the with the actual
 nursery rhyme because not everyone might know it, right? So how's it go? Andy, why don't you regale
 us with that? Oh, it's Pussycat Pussycat. Where have you been? I've been up to London to look at
 the Queen followed by loads more lines. There is more. Pussycat Pussycat. What did you there?
 I've chased a little mouse under her chair or I've frightened a little mouse under her chair.
 That's actually the important bit now, I think. That is the important bit. Yeah, yeah.
 So it's thought that little mouse is a mouse shaped deposit of all sorts of things that
 might accumulate in a time when nobody really had a bath or washed their nethers. So supposedly,
 this particular lump was known as a suttikin, although that may be a more modern name for them
 because they resembled little mice and people would have to go and sweep them up off the streets.
 Wait, hang on. Are you saying that the TV series Suttie and Sweep has anything to do with this?
 No.
 Thank goodness. Okay, great. Well, my childhood is intact. I will. I'll link them up somehow,
 right? So the word suttikins does exist. It comes from the Dutch. It was kind of a joke
 about Dutch women. Supposedly, they would put heaters up their dresses to keep warm. And some
 people thought that by doing so, they were breeding a small animal up there and that the animal would
 kind of drop out and they would find this thing. And the word came from the word sutt. It's similar
 to the word sutt, as in the stuff you get in of chimney. And of course, Suttie and Sweep is a pun
 on the fact that chimney sweeps would also find sutt. So they are linked in a way, Andy, if that's
 what you think. Oh, great. Okay. No, my childhood is ruined. Thank you very much. Yeah, brilliant.
 What kind of person was running so low on inspiration for nursery rhymes that when they saw
 a mess-shaped mouse fall out of the Queens, that they thought this is perfect for kids?
 Well, I think what we should say is the most explanations for nursery rhymes are speculative
 at best. And there was a couple called Iona and Peter Opie who wrote the Oxford Dictionary of
 Nursery Rhymes. And they basically came to the conclusion that all of these things that people
 think probably not true and also that they might just be kind of nice words that kind of sound
 like a good poem and there might not be any reasoning behind them all. So whether that's
 true or whether it's not, I don't know. But the other thing is that Queen Anne had quite a lot
 of enemies, right? So it's possible that if this is true, this origin, that it was people trying to
 say bad things about her and you know that. Oh yeah, it was basically gossip, wasn't it? The nursery
 rhymes you've had a way of spreading anything is to make it into a little folk song and get it
 spreading around the streets of London. Weirdly, this is not the only nursery rhyme that Queen Anne
 is supposedly involved with. Really? Yeah, there's another one. Okay, so do you remember the Warming
 Pan, baby? Nope. So Anne, when she wasn't Queen yet, she was in line to the throne and so was her
 older sister, Mary. And their dad was James II, who was King. And in 1688, James II had a son,
 a baby boy, with his new wife, which displaced Mary and Anne from the line of succession. So
 they were kind of lowered down the rung now. And Anne was furious about this. She refused to attend
 the birth. And there was a rumour spread that the baby had not been born alive, a miscarriage,
 and actually a live baby had been smuggled into the bedroom in a warming pan, which were these
 big brass pans that you would put hot coals into warm up the bed. Right, that's the story.
 Okay. Is that also untrue? But we might get the nursery rhyme, rocker by baby, from that child.
 Really? Yeah. And what's the explanation behind it? It's incredibly furious. Okay.
 That thing about how you thought that someone might swap the baby, isn't that why, and I'm going
 to get this wrong, but isn't the home secretary supposed to be at every birth? Is it the home
 secretary? Every royal birth, not every birth. It might not be the home secretary. No, it is,
 it is. It is the home secretary, yeah. Who's the current home secretary? Pretty Patel. Oh, man.
 Imagine if she had to go around to every single birth in the country. But she would be saying,
 "Get back in there. Get back in there. Don't want you. Don't want you. Go on. Back up, you go."
 I love that idea that you would sort of shame people in history via children telling rhymes.
 We don't do that so much these days. That would be an incredible satirical kids program where it's
 just us shaming politicians and so on with new songs that we put out. There was a nursery rhyme
 when I was a kid, which was called Maggie Thatcher sticker in the bin. So in a way, it still does
 continue that there will be, they'll probably sing Boris Johnson's sticker in the bin now.
 It'll be any Prime Minister. Maggie Thatcher sticker in the bin, put the lid on, sell the
 tape her in. And I remember when she actually resigned as Prime Minister, they came in and
 told us in the classroom, and we all sang it. Really? Wow. We think we're about eight.
 We had also Maggie Thatcher, Milk Snatcher kind of a little rhyme about that, didn't we?
 Yeah. Hey, just very quickly for international listeners, and I included myself slightly in
 this because I'm not O.F.A. with the British monarchy's history, but Queen Anne was a queen
 from her birthday, it was 1665 to 1714. And there's not really been much about her. She's not
 one of the more popular people for pop culture, except for the fact that she had the movie The
 Favourite, which was a fairly recent one, which Olivia Coleman won the Oscar for the portrayal
 of her. But outside of that, she kind of slips through the cracks a bit in terms of people's
 knowledge about her. And the only stuff that really comes through is all this quite shaming
 sort of information about her, people attacking her for her looks and her hygiene and all the
 accounts of her body size and so on. It was claimed that when she passed away, 14 men had to carry her
 for her burial. And I don't know if this stuff is true. I don't know if this is part of the
 shaming of her, but that's kind of what we know about her. It's 100% true that she did have health
 problems and that she was definitely a large lady. She had a lot of gout. She really struggled with
 that. But there was definitely also a lot of... She had a lot of enemies. For instance, this thing
 at St. Paul's Cathedral, it was a Thanksgiving ceremony after the war. They just finished a war
 with either France or Spain. Spanish succession, wasn't it? Spanish succession. Yeah, I trust you
 to know that, Jen. I'll probably just throw out some half-remembered facts and then you can just
 fill in the gaps today, maybe. But they built stands along the side of the Strand and they had
 4,000 children singing patriotic songs while they walked down to St. Paul's Cathedral. But a lot of
 people weren't really happy with it because they thought that Queen Anne was secretly trying to get
 the Jacobites back onto the English throne and that she was kind of slightly sympathetic to the
 Catholics. It was a real kind of time where the monarchy was losing a lot of its power and Parliament
 was kind of coming in. I think that's why we don't hear much about her. It got called the Age of
 Party. Wow, that sounds cool. Well, yeah, it was... Unfortunately, it was the Age of the Wigs and
 the Tories, as opposed to everyone having a good time. I was thinking it was Gatsby style.
 Poor time travellers who read that said, "Let's go over there."
 Everybody stank and there were no parties.
 Nursery rhymes. Yeah, let's do it. Okay. There always seems to be,
 James has mentioned, there's a lot of debunked stories about the origins of nursery rhymes.
 And I'm sure that some of them have been retconned into the nursery rhymes themselves.
 The Grand Old Duke of York is clearly about a failed military campaign, but there is about a
 dozen different ideas of who it's talking about. Who's the current Duke of York? Oh, I don't remember.
 Anyway, Pop Goes the Weasel. I really like that one. I love Pop Goes the Weasel.
 That one actually is about Prince Andrew. Yeah.
 No one really knows what it means, what Pop Goes the Weasel is.
 There's a lot of copy rhyming slang in there, though, and references to the city road and
 the eagle on the city road, which is actually still there, the pub.
 It is, and it has like a side on the side of the building, doesn't it, with the nursery rhyme on it.
 But yeah, so weasel could be your weasel and stout, your throat. So it's like, "Get it down,
 your weasel, mate, when you give someone a pint of beer. Get it down your weasel."
 Or your weasel could be a coat. So there's an idea that it's about putting your coat into the
 pawn shop to pay off all your debts. And any time a new expense comes in, Pop Goes the Weasel,
 there goes your coat again. So yeah, it's a really good cockney knees up.
 But what I really like about it is in the 1850s, it was like a dance craze,
 Pop Goes the Weasel. So if you were a time traveller and you wanted to find a real good
 party, then you want to go to 1850s London because you're going to know the dance.
 You're going to absolutely smash it. You can go into your music hall and you just dance around.
 And then at the end of it, everyone shouts out, "Pop Goes the Weasel!"
 And that's kind of the big sort of ending of every verse. And it was absolutely massive.
 The baby shark of its day.
 So adults were doing this?
 Adults were doing it, yeah. There was an advertisement in the Bath Chronicle in 1853
 that offered instruction to the highly fashionable dance of Pop Goes the Weasel.
 So you could pay people to teach you how to do the Pop Goes the Weasel dance.
 And even then, no one really knew what it meant. It was just like a nonsense phrase, really.
 But yeah, it's just like us loving the Macarena. I don't know what the hell that means,
 but it's a dancer. I haven't dedicated myself to understanding the lyrics.
 I think it's about a lady called Macarena.
 It's about a lady whose husband has gone away and she's
 courting all the other local boys because her boyfriend isn't there anymore.
 500 years from now, people will be saying, "Actually, the Macarena is about..."
 Actually, it's about Brexit.
 I love it. Do you guys remember the one that goes, "Do your ears hang low?
 Do they wobble too and throw back kids' song?"
 We said, "Can you tie them in a bow?" I think.
 Yeah, "Can you tie them in a..."
 And actually, I think it was, "Do your boobs hang low? Do your ears hang low?"
 Well, I think it's, "Do your balls hang low?"
 "Do your balls and do your boobs are the sort of the rude versions of it."
 But the assumption is that it was the kids' song, "Do your ears hang low?"
 And then when you got sort of rude kids at school going,
 "Have you heard this version?" You would sing it.
 Anyway, it turns out that the original versions were,
 "Do your balls hang low and do your boobs hang low?"
 And then it got sort of turned into a more presentable for kids,
 "Do your ears hang low?"
 So it was sung in wartime during World War I on the Western Front.
 They would be singing it in the trenches, "Do your balls hang low?"
 And then, "Do the sailor's hornpipe." Yeah.
 Right. "Do your balls hang low? Can you swing them through?
 Can you tie them in a knot? Can you tie them in a bow?
 Can you tuck them to the ceiling with that free and easy feeling?"
 Anyway, it goes, "That's amazing."
 It's true. I've never heard that version. I don't think so.
 That's the only one. I like that one as a child. Yeah?
 These things just stay with you, don't they?
 Along with, you know, Margaret Thatcher, "She's our hero."
 Okay. We went to very different schools.
 Gave everyone in the classroom a black armband when she resigned.
 Have you heard of telltale tit? This is a really short one.
 Telltale tit, "Your tongue shall be slit,
 and all the dogs in the town shall have a little bit."
 So I'd never heard that before, but it's very common in Bolton, I can say.
 Yeah. All the dogs in Bolton will have a little bit.
 But I just think that's amazing.
 It's because it's basically a children's equivalent
 of saying snitches get stitches. Yeah.
 Yeah? Telltale tit, "Your tongue will split,
 and all the little doggies will have a little bit."
 That's what it used to say. It's terrifying.
 Do you guys know Pissabed? No.
 It goes, "Pissabed, Pissabed, Barley, but your bum is so heavy, you can't get up."
 And this was published in the very first nursery rhyme songbook
 that was printed in Britain in 1744.
 It's the first time that Ba Ba Blacksheep was ever printed in a nursery rhyme book.
 So it was called Tommy Thumb's Pretty Songbook.
 And we thought there was only one copy that was left,
 which was held, I think, in the British Library.
 But one went up for auction a few years ago.
 So there might be a couple more out there.
 But it had 40 nursery rhymes in it.
 And all the classics, Ba Ba Blacksheep, Hickory Dickory Dock,
 London Bridge is Falling Down, Mary Mary's Quite Contrary.
 This thing, a song with six pence.
 And then Pissabed.
 Tommy Thumb's Pretty Songbook.
 They were actually all about Pretty Patel, weren't they?
 That's where that name came from.
 OK, it is time for fact number two.
 And that is Andy.
 My fact is that in 1862, there was a special cravat invented
 to stop people strangling you in the street.
 So if I went to strangle you, Andy, with this, my hands go for your neck.
 Is it that the cravat is so full of folds and so on,
 I can never actually find your neck?
 How does it work?
 It's a real pencil neck, yeah.
 No, it's got spikes on the inside.
 So you could go for the neck.
 On the inside?
 But you get a pretty nasty--
 Oh, sorry.
 The spikes are on the outside.
 Oh, right, OK.
 Concealed by a layer of cloth.
 Don't put that on the wrong way round.
 No, you're right.
 You're right, you're right.
 Sorry, they're on the outside.
 But they're cleverly concealed by the ruffles at the front of the cravat.
 And so Dan, as soon as you probably try and put your thumbs around my windpipe,
 nice try mate, you're going to get a spiky thumb.
 I also read that some of them had razor blades sewn into the folds as well.
 Yeah, pretty intense items of clothing.
 And these were designed to fight the menace of garrottings,
 because there was a panic.
 In fact, there were two panics in the mid-19th century about garrottings.
 One in 1856, and then it sort of flared up again in 1862.
 And there was this massive panic about actually a relatively small crime wave
 of people being mugged.
 And the method of mugging was someone would grab someone around the throat,
 and then their accomplice would rob them.
 And--
 Yeah, I should just say, like a garrotting to me is like you get some cheese wire or something,
 like in a movie, they would get some wire and they would put it around your throat.
 But this was actually more like putting someone in a sleeper hold
 in like a wrestling move, wasn't it, than--
 Yeah, yeah.
 I mean, it could definitely, it could hurt you very badly.
 I mean, it could absolutely, it could kill you as well.
 I don't think very many people at all were actually killed by this.
 But it led to a change in the law.
 The parliament passed the 1863 Garottas Act.
 And yeah, this was a big panic.
 There is an argument that not only did not many people die of this,
 no people died of it.
 And it was completely made up.
 Yeah, absolutely.
 So there's an argument that it was completely made up by newspapers.
 So there was an MP who got mugged.
 He was called Hugh Pilkington, and he had his pocket watch stolen.
 And they said that he was garrotted when they stole his watch.
 But actually, it seems like he wasn't really.
 And then basically, newspapers started calling any minor instant.
 They said, oh, this was a garrotting.
 And then some of the magistrates would say that it was a garrotting,
 even though it wasn't, because they knew that the person would get more time
 or a stronger punishment for it.
 And then after the 1863 Act, there was no more garrottings.
 But the argument among historians, a lot of them,
 is that there were never any in the first place.
 It's very much what's it in the Simpsons,
 where it's like this rock scares away tigers or whatever it is.
 Yeah, right.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 But there were descriptions of how it worked.
 So it would be a three-person gang,
 which consisted of a front stall, a back stall, and the nasty man.
 OK, so.
 Tag yourself.
 I think the front stall distracts you.
 He stops you and says, oh, excuse me, do you have the time.
 And then the back stall is the lookout,
 who's making sure there are no police coming along.
 And the nasty man is the one who actually does the garrotting.
 I could have worked that out.
 Oh, OK.
 There was another thing you could buy in 1858,
 a guy called Henry Boll invented a pistol one on your back,
 which would discharge into a criminal's crotch.
 I love this.
 That would go, I suppose that would go for the back man, would it?
 Oh, yeah, that would be to take the back stall.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Well, no, the grotter is going around you with the sleepball, right?
 Oh, good point.
 So that's for the nasty man here.
 Yeah, that's nasty man.
 Wow.
 I think I can't believe this was a real thing.
 Did that work?
 Did anyone?
 I'm not sure any of this stuff was.
 No, this is a real thing.
 It was real, sorry.
 It was real, but I don't think everyone was wearing them.
 You know, it was kind of.
 Right.
 Wow.
 Imagine that you're going out just to the local pub,
 you're wearing spikes around your neck,
 you've got a pistol facing backwards.
 I mean, Jesus, what a look.
 This gun sounds amazing,
 because it looks just like a little belt pack, doesn't it?
 And you, but the thing is, obviously,
 you had guns weren't that advanced yet.
 So apparently you had to reach back to cock the hammer of the gun.
 And then you had to kind of pull a ripcord at your waistline,
 which would actually fire the gun and fire a lead ball into your attackers.
 It would be recoil.
 Like normally recoil goes in one direction,
 but if it's firing there,
 you would just be kind of thrusting your crotch forward,
 wouldn't you?
 Like whenever you fired this gun.
 Yeah, you would get blasted into the front stall.
 So you're a kind of human cannonball.
 The nasty man's nowhere to be seen.
 It's so amazing.
 The Henry Ball Belt Pistol, I love it.
 Oh, you could just hire some bodyguards
 to walk you to and from the pub,
 like the Bayswater Brothers who advertised.
 The Bayswater Brothers whose height is respected
 with six feet four inches and six feet 11,
 and the United Breadth of whose shoulders
 extends to as much as three yards, one foot five inches.
 Give respectfully notice to the gentry and public
 of Paddington, Kensington, Stoke, Newington,
 Chelsea, Eaton Square, and Sheppard's Bush
 that they will be most happy
 upon all social and jovial expeditions
 to escort elderly or nervous persons
 in the streets after dark.
 Wow, they sound great.
 So they'd served several months in the police force
 and they would go through any neighborhood,
 even the worst grotting district well known.
 Yeah, but they don't go south of the river, do they?
 Typical.
 It's just like cabbies all over again.
 No, grotting south of the river.
 Wow.
 Some more kind of panics.
 Oh, yeah.
 Because I'm saying that this grotting wasn't really a thing.
 It might have been a thing, but that's the kind of angle I'm taking.
 It's definitely a way smaller thing than
 the 1863 Garottas Act would suggest.
 In 1954, a load of people in Seattle were really worried
 because there were loads of holes in their windscreens.
 And everyone was going out looking at their car
 and they find little holes and they didn't know what had happened.
 They thought it was vandals.
 They thought it might have been fallout from nuclear tests
 that were happening, to be honest, not that close to Seattle,
 but they thought maybe it was that.
 And then a load of scientists were brought in
 and they looked at what had happened.
 And it turned out that these pits were there all along,
 but it was just happened that in that year, 1954,
 someone noticed it and then everyone else went,
 "Oh my God, I've got that as well."
 "Oh my God, I've got that as well."
 That's very funny, that's so weird.
 Yeah, in 1788, you have the London Monster.
 Oh, yeah.
 Oh, yes.
 Who was a guy who went around basically
 stabbing ladies in the skirt area,
 ripping their clothes.
 Sometimes he'd be presenting them with flowers
 and there'd be something sharp concealed within them.
 Oh, no.
 Yeah, it was a disgrace.
 But it probably didn't happen.
 Oh, okay, roll a question.
 There were up to 50 women reported to the police
 that they'd been attacked.
 And it was like approving that some of these women
 had inflicted wounds themselves.
 They were just scratched or they just ripped the dress.
 But somebody did get convicted.
 A woman was attacked in the January, I think, of 1790.
 And she saw a guy in the park six months later,
 got a boyfriend to follow him home.
 It was this ex-Ballet dancer who now made artificial flowers,
 this Welsh guy, who got up before the beak
 and they found out that the worst offence they could charge him with
 was actually damaging clothes.
 Oh, right.
 Apparently they're damaging clothes under the law at the time
 because their expensive foreign clothes came with a harsher penalty
 than actually injuring these women attempting murder and stabbing.
 So eventually this guy got six years,
 but mysteriously there were no attacks after that,
 even though he probably wasn't the attacker.
 But during a two-year period,
 women started wearing copper pans under their petticoats
 as a form of self-defense against the London monster.
 So there's a James Gilray engraving of the monster
 attacking a woman in a pulsa pescat
 and there's just a pan there, so he's disappointed.
 Yeah, well, you would be.
 Thank you.
 Did you say this was 1788 that this was happening?
 1788 it started, yeah, to 1790.
 I didn't think there were people making artificial flowers in the 1780s.
 Yeah, they'd be made of silk, I would guess, rather than...
 Yeah, I just sort of assumed that they were a thing from the '70s onwards,
 like kind of like plastic or...
 I can't believe that.
 Is that what you got out of that story, Andy?
 Apparently, apparently, yes.
 In the earliest, earliest days of this podcast,
 I mentioned a fact about the precursor to the London monster,
 which was a man who used to go around London
 and he would slap women on the bum and then he would run off
 and as he ran off, he would yell, "Spanko!"
 I think he was called whipping Tom or something like that.
 Can I just say with that, I think in that case,
 if you had a copper pan in your petticoats,
 then it would have the opposite effect,
 because it would make a really nice resonant sound
 if you spanked someone and they were like...
 Yeah, absolutely.
 ...a copper pot there, wouldn't it?
 That's true.
 Like playing the timpani.
 That would be like the J. Arthur rank symbol
 at the beginning of films, wouldn't it?
 It's a spanko running on,
 hitting a petticoat and running off.
 So was he caught?
 Dan, was he caught?
 Do we know who the real Spanko was?
 Oh, Spanko? No, I don't know any...
 I just... That's an old memory,
 as Jenny was talking about the London monster.
 He was a precursor.
 But yeah, amazing character, the London monster.
 And huge panic off the back of that.
 Oh yeah, if James Gilray is doing engravings of you,
 then you know you've made it.
 Yeah.
 I don't know James Gilray.
 Was he Mr. Engraver back then?
 Oh, he was Mr...
 You know, your political cartoons, those are all him.
 You know, he's the Steve Bell of his day.
 I didn't know who it was either,
 but I thought by keeping quiet,
 people would assume that I did.
 You've definitely, definitely 100% seen his work.
 Okay.
 Yeah, there are all the really big complicated drawings
 where people have to be labelled quite precisely.
 So, you know, there's a brilliant engraving.
 I'm just making this up now,
 but you know, there'll be a monkey and a hot-air balloon,
 but the monkey has to be labelled
 Britain's response to the Eritrean.
 And the balloon is labelled European integration
 after the 1763 act of...
 Oh, I don't get this at all.
 But back in the day, people have one glanced at it like,
 "Yeah, I've got it like, like... "Brilliant art.
 "Marius, the Montaginius."
 Okay, it's time for fact number three,
 and that is James.
 Okay, my fact this week is that for 24 years,
 any ship travelling between Wellington and Nelson in New Zealand
 would be guided through the most dangerous section
 by a dolphin called "Pelarous Jack".
 I should have done that in a pirate voice,
 shouldn't I?
 Would be guided through the most dangerous section
 by a dolphin called "Pelarous Jack".
 Is that better? No.
 I couldn't tell the difference.
 So, James, what north is this?
 This is a fact.
 Okay.
 Perhaps.
 So, at the north end of New Zealand's South Island,
 there's a little stretch of water.
 It's really, really perilous.
 It's called the French Pass,
 and there are loads of really bad currents and high waves,
 and it could be really difficult to get through.
 And at the turn of the 20th century,
 any boat that was going through there
 would always have this dolphin alongside it.
 Now, whether the dolphin was deliberately helping
 the humans across,
 or whether it was just being a dolphin
 and kind of swimming in the wake of a boat,
 like dolphins often do, we don't know.
 Well, we do know,
 because it didn't even know it was a dolphin.
 It was just a goat.
 But what is true...
 But it was there. It was there, right?
 It was there, and people believed
 that that's what was happening.
 So, people were writing at the time,
 there's articles from 1905, 1906,
 where people said they were on this boat,
 and the dolphin was acting as a pilot for the ships,
 and that it would take them deliberately
 into the areas where the water was deeper,
 because it knew there would be less chance
 of the boat being smashed on the rocks.
 And then, some people didn't like the dolphin being there,
 and some people shot at it.
 On one particular time, when someone shot this dolphin,
 there was a law that came up that said
 you are specifically not allowed to shoot
 this particular dolphin in New Zealand,
 and it was the first sea creature
 to be protected by law anywhere in the world.
 I mean, between this and the 1863 Garotas Act,
 it does feel like legislators had a lot more time on their hands
 back in the day.
 But so, the story goes that the boat,
 the ship that shot at Jack was called the SS Penguin,
 and the story goes that he disappeared,
 and he came back later, but five years later,
 the SS Penguin struck rocks and sank,
 and 75 passengers perished, and as the story goes,
 it's because Jack, when he saw the SS Penguin coming,
 would ignore it.
 He knew that that was the boat that shot him,
 and so, maybe without his help,
 that's what led to it being slammed into the rocks.
 It's a great story. I love it.
 I should leave it.
 "Pellaris" is a really weird name,
 because I thought when you said that the French Pass,
 this strait of water was very perilous,
 I thought, oh, maybe it's a burden of that.
 I don't think it is.
 It's not, no.
 It's a ship's instrument or something?
 There was a ship called the HMS Pellaris,
 and there's a Pellaris, sorry,
 and it kind of went around that area of New Zealand
 and Australia, so there's a Pellaris Island as well,
 and a few different things named after Pellaris,
 which was this discovery ship.
 Okay.
 But Pellaris was also the name of Hannibal's pilot,
 so that may be where it comes from.
 Hannibal.
 Hannibal Lecter.
 Yeah, Hannibal Lecter needed a pilot to take him around to eat people.
 You've got to have a private pilot.
 You're a busy man.
 These livers aren't going to cook themselves.
 Do you mean Hannibal as in the...?
 Hannibal as in the elephant dude.
 The elephant dude.
 Carthaginian general.
 Elephant dude.
 Now sounds like we're talking about the elephant man,
 who is a different person to Hannibal.
 That elephant dude would definitely be the name
 of Hannibal's YouTube channel, wouldn't it?
 We're going to try and take some elephants
 and invade Rome next week.
 It's going to be completely crazy.
 Hit like and subscribe to see if it works.
 But yeah, there was, when I sent this fact round,
 Andy, you found an article that said that perhaps it wasn't real,
 and that the fact that the people thought that Dolphin was guiding
 people was invented quite a few years later.
 But I found an article from April 1905,
 where there was a guy called Mr. Generous Hayes,
 who said that...
 No, not...
 Definitely not made up.
 What date in April, James?
 It was the 29th of April,
 but this story had come all the way from Australia,
 so it could definitely take 28 days
 to get to the central Somerset Gazette,
 which is where I read it.
 But he said that Jack acts as a most effective pilot,
 escorting all kinds of vessels in and out of the French Pass.
 Yeah, and he was sort of globally famous.
 There's stories of Mark Twain specifically going on that route
 to see him.
 Wow.
 Yeah, and another, an English author
 called Frank T. Bullen as well.
 Both had written about it.
 So, yeah, I think the contentious thing is,
 was he piloting them or was he just having fun?
 In real.
 But there's photos and so on.
 I must say, every time I read that,
 I read that in a few places,
 and it always said well-known figures such as Mark Twain
 and English author Frank T. Bullen.
 And I always thought, one of those I have heard of, for sure.
 I saw, when I saw New Zealand,
 I obviously got in touch with my friend,
 who's an ex-pat Kiwi, Amy, and I messaged her and I said,
 "Have you heard of Pellaris Jack?"
 And she went, "Oh my God, I love him.
 "He's a celebrity dolphin in New Zealand."
 And I was like, "A celebrity dolphin."
 And there's more than one celebrity dolphin in New Zealand.
 It's a thing, and they all have statues.
 So, there's Oppo, who was famous in New Zealand
 during the summer of 1955 to '56,
 because he played with children,
 and very soon after, he'd become stranded and died.
 So, that's a cheery story.
 Well, his full name was Oppo-Ni-Jack, wasn't it?
 Yeah, Oppo-Ni-Jack.
 Oh, wow. Sorry.
 Pellaris Jack himself, because he's the archetype
 of celebrity dolphins in New Zealand, obviously.
 And then Mokko came around in 2006 to do a similar kind of thing.
 But, you know, neither of them was that useful.
 They weren't guiding.
 They were just kind of interhumans, so became quite famous.
 Mokko was a guide on one famous occasion,
 because, again, another Kiwi dolphin.
 In 2008, there were two pygmy sperm whales who were trapped.
 I think they were trapped between the beach
 and a sand bank that was built up.
 But they didn't know what to do,
 and the authorities were saying,
 "Oh, well, should we kill them?
 "Because otherwise, they're going to really suffer,
 "and they might die."
 And Mokko the dolphin led them out through a narrow channel
 at the end of the sand bank that they were in,
 so there was a bit of water
 that was just deep enough to get these whales through.
 So, obviously, it became a huge celebrity,
 and then it all went to his head, and he started sexually...
 Doing a lot of cocaine.
 Well, he started sexually assaulting swimmers,
 and I know it is, you know, celebrity excess.
 He started making what was called amorous advances
 to women in the water, and also just being a bit of a thug.
 He started tipping over water skiers,
 and I can't believe this,
 but apparently stealing surfers' surfboards?
 Now, I don't know...
 I can't envisage how a dolphin does that.
 Why do you need to?
 You're already quite efficient in the water.
 I mean...
 For a dolphin, a surfboard might be like a hoverboard for a human.
 Like, he might...
 Oh, yeah.
 Can you imagine if you're a dolphin
 and one of your mates comes along
 and he's just kind of lying on a surfboard?
 That guy is cool.
 He's chilling.
 OK, so James is trying to justify Mokko's crime wave.
 You Mokko apologist.
 But he still has a statue, though.
 They are all blooming statues, yeah.
 Wow.
 Going to commemorate your local celebrity dolphin.
 That didn't get pulled down in the whole recent...
 It might be re-evaluated.
 You know who also seems to be into New Zealand dolphins?
 Is the Scottish.
 So, it's just a very curious thing,
 but Perilous Jack was turned into a song and a dance in Scotland.
 And so there's a song that goes...
 And I don't know the music to it,
 but a famous fish there used to be called Pelerous Jack.
 He'd always swim far out to sea when a ship came back.
 And this got turned into a dance which you could do.
 And there's a move called the dolphin hay,
 which I guess is a bit like the pop goes the weasel.
 It's sort of like a dolphin move.
 So that was turned into a dance,
 and there's a full dance routine about Pelerous Jack,
 but also Oppo, who we were talking about,
 in 1994 was also turned into a Scottish dance as well.
 Yeah.
 So, if you go to Scotland,
 likely there are people who know two New Zealand dolphin dances.
 Well, Dan, I've got some ends
 with the Scottish country dancing community,
 and I can confirm there's no shortage of things
 they've named dances after.
 There are so many hundreds of dances that I'm kind of...
 And they're just going through Wikipedia on random pages
 and going, "Okay, well, I'm going to do this
 after George Washington High School in Milwaukee."
 It is amazing the number of things they have done so now after.
 Yeah, very cool.
 I think it must be an extension of the nursery rhyme thing.
 So Scottish country dancing has taken up the mantle.
 Have you ever done any Scottish country dancing?
 What, me?
 Yeah.
 Yeah, yeah, I've done a bit.
 Yeah, it's great.
 It's really, really fun.
 Do you know the dolphin hay?
 I don't know the dolphin hay, no.
 I'm not off the top of your head, but...
 Thousands of dances, Dan.
 It's not entry level, anyway.
 No, absolutely not.
 That's a dashing white sergeant is the first thing you learn.
 I think you have to be pretty...
 You have to be balls deep
 before you learn the dolphin hay off by heart.
 Did you do country dancing at school?
 No, I didn't.
 Jenny, did you?
 I remember a couple of sessions of it
 when they didn't have a PE teacher.
 Emergency country dance.
 It was raining, and so a teacher,
 he happened to know some country dancing.
 Oh, OK, so you didn't have a dance instructor
 who'd been kept in a cupboard for years until the PE teacher fell ill.
 Because when I was at primary school,
 so Jenny and I went to the same secondary school,
 but when I was at primary school,
 we did country dancing every week.
 Wow.
 Was it English country dancing you were doing?
 It's like Morris dancing, I guess.
 It's like, all I remember is that you had to dozee-doh your partner.
 Yeah, that's all I remember.
 All I remember is dozee-doh.
 There is one dance that's an English country dance,
 and English country dancing's a bit rarer for whatever reason.
 There are still loads of dances,
 but they just don't get danced as much,
 because they're all from Jane Austen's time.
 But there's one which is called Mr. Beveridge's Maggot.
 It's my favourite name of a dance.
 That's wonderful.
 That's absolutely wonderful.
 And what happens at the end of that?
 Um, I don't know.
 I don't know if this was named after an actual maggot
 that was like a celebrity maggot,
 which saved a carriage from crashing or whatever.
 I don't know what to go from there.
 Dolphins?
 Let's talk about dolphins.
 Yeah, yes.
 One thing that dolphins do, which I didn't know,
 is that they can wear gloves over their noses.
 Okay, well, this is amazing.
 Andy, is this a real glove over a nose,
 or is this an analogy for a glove over a nose?
 Because Sarah Pascoe called us out last week,
 if you remember, about this ladybird bought a hat.
 And then it's never an actual hat.
 Oh my god, I've fallen right into the Pascoe ladybird hat trap,
 because no, it's not a glove.
 It's not a glove. Obviously, it's not a glove.
 What is it?
 They, so, you know, marine sponges.
 They're animals, technically, aren't they?
 The sponges are very simple animals.
 They kind of pick up these sponges,
 and they press them onto the end of their snouts.
 And then when they're foraging, they're using their snout,
 and they are probing for prey sometimes
 under the surface of the sea.
 But there can be sharp things there.
 And so these sponges on their noses
 act as a kind of bit of protective equipment, if you like,
 to stop them hurting themselves when they're jamming around there.
 And they particularly pick conical sponges,
 because they can jam them more easily onto the end of their noses.
 They're nice.
 That's cool.
 Yeah.
 I think glove is acceptable for that,
 because that's basically their hand.
 And they're putting something over the hand
 so they can go rippling about in things.
 So, yeah, I'll accept it.
 I'm not going to Pascoe you on this.
 I don't know.
 If James hadn't called Andy out just then,
 I would be at parties going,
 "You know they wear marigolds on their face?"
 Dolphins can talk to each other on the telephone.
 Jesus Christ.
 OK.
 I think we all want to Pascoe you on this one.
 Well, there was an aquarium in Hawaii
 where they had the mother in a separate tank,
 to a two-year-old calf dolphin.
 And they organised an audio link between the two tanks
 and got them chatting to each other.
 And the calls and responses were in line
 with the kind of calls and responses you would hear in the wild,
 even though they couldn't see each other.
 And they don't know what they said.
 We've spoken about the dolphin dictionary
 that they're working on at the moment, scientists.
 But we do know that they were calling responses
 that were happening.
 And it's sort of, they think the conversation was like,
 "Hey, what's your name? Oh, my name's this. Oh, great.
 There's lots of fish here. Oh, that's good to know."
 Yeah, so they can chat over the phone.
 OK, actually, again, sounded unreasonable,
 but I think that's completely legit.
 They can chat over the phone.
 They can't dial, and they can't, you know...
 No.
 They'd have to take the glove off to dial, obviously.
 So, also, dolphins can attack enemies of the Soviet Union.
 Because that's the thing, isn't it?
 Dolphins, they are trained in various armies.
 The Americans have done it, and the Soviets did it.
 Their first use of dolphins by the Navy
 was in 1970 in Vietnam, where they were put on guard duty
 for the Americans.
 Was that river dolphins, or was it sea going dolphins?
 That's a really good point. I don't know about that.
 I don't know. It's actually the least relevant part
 of the most amazing fact I've ever heard, obviously.
 I mean, the dolphins fought in Nam
 is a more interesting factor,
 whether they were river or ocean dolphins.
 But you do get river dolphins in Vietnam.
 Yeah, I suspect there'd be river dolphins there,
 because it was the Mekong Delta and all that.
 So, I'm guessing there would be guarding
 certain entry and exit points.
 Fingers, Andy. You always ask the questions
 that the people at home are all thinking.
 And the Soviet Union, they used their dolphin guards.
 They would carry a titanium clump on their nose,
 which was about the size of a ping-pong ball.
 And they would attach it to a diver that they found.
 And the little kind of thing would report back
 and tell you where that person is, so you'd be able to find them.
 And if they couldn't find them, eventually,
 the ping-pong ball thing would inject
 a high-pressure charge of CO2 into the diver's body.
 Oh, so this is an enemy diver, is it?
 Well, like a U.S. diver or whatever.
 That's the idea, yeah.
 To tag them, and a guard.
 And again, I don't know exactly what species of dolphin it was.
 [music]
 OK, it's time for our final fact of the show.
 That is my fact.
 My fact this week is that the Arthakonin Doyle estate
 is currently suing Netflix for showing Sherlock Holmes
 as having feelings and respecting women.
 So this is really interesting.
 So Netflix is making a movie called Enola Holmes,
 and it is the story of the teenage sister of Sherlock Holmes,
 and Sherlock Holmes appears as a character in it.
 And in the show, they show him as having sort of
 not sociopath qualities that we know Sherlock to have,
 but to be warmer and gentler.
 And the Conan Doyle estate is claiming
 they are unable to represent him like that,
 because yes, even though Sherlock does have those feelings,
 he did eventually sort of respect women
 and become a nicer character.
 He only became that in the last 10 stories
 that were written by Conan Doyle.
 And it just so happens that those 10 stories
 are the only stories that are still in copyright
 and belong to the Conan Doyle estate.
 So anyone who wants to use the ad of copyright
 has to use the more mean, misogynistic Holmes,
 and they're fine.
 But if you want to show him being a nice guy,
 you're going to be sued.
 Wow.
 There's a few other things that you're not allowed to...
 Or if you do show Sherlock having these characteristics,
 then you have to pay them, pay the family.
 So if you show Holmes and Watson having a genuine friendship,
 that's in copyright.
 If you show his love of nature, that is.
 And if you ever show him liking dogs, that's in copyright.
 So if you ever make...
 I'm just going to say this to everyone out there.
 If you're making your own version of Sherlock Holmes,
 make sure that he doesn't like dogs whenever you do.
 Yeah.
 I guess the hand of the basketballs is out of copyright,
 in which he doesn't like dogs.
 No.
 No, it's quite right.
 And the thing is, if you are going to make
 something where he does like dogs and respects women,
 all you need to do actually is wait two or three more years,
 because that is...
 We're in the final years of them owning this copyright.
 I think that's why they're trying to rake in as much money
 as possible, because they're about to lose it entirely.
 But these stories obviously have...
 He wrote them over a lifetime.
 So there's a bit of spread on when the copyright ends.
 And the final batch, these final 10 were written
 after he returned from World War I,
 and he lost his brother in the war,
 he lost his eldest son,
 and he came back and he was a different man.
 And he thought, "I want to reflect that in Sherlock."
 And so that's why there was this sudden change
 in the attitude of Sherlock.
 It's interesting.
 Yeah, I got deep into the legalese of all this,
 because that's my background.
 So there's actually an in-fight between
 the Conan Doyle estate limited
 and Arthur Conan Doyle's literary estates,
 both of whom claim to have the copyright of those stories.
 And it's actually the Conan Doyle estate limited
 is the litigious one of those two.
 And so they are described by the literary estate
 as copyright trolls, which is a whole new tale.
 So tracing it back,
 the way that the story is told by the literary estate
 is that all the rights were sold after Conan Doyle's death
 because the three inheriting children,
 so it's two daughters and the widow of his son,
 couldn't agree on anything.
 So they all sold to the widow.
 And from then on, she went bankrupt
 and the rights were acquired by someone else
 who was acquired by someone else.
 And so they traced that route back.
 In 2000-ish, when EU copyright law started to indicate
 that there wasn't much money left to be squeezed out
 in Europe of the literary copyright,
 that's when Conan Doyle estate limited,
 which is some descendants of Conan Doyle himself
 decided to put the squeeze on some of the studios
 who are interested in his work.
 So they basically went and threatened Warner Brothers
 when they made the Robert Downey Jr. versions.
 And because in those films,
 he's got a romance with Irene Adler.
 There's all that sort of stuff that would come under
 the sort of stipulations.
 And the...
 I think it would be fair to threaten those filmmakers
 actually at the Robert Downey Jr. Sherlock Holmes
 in the game of Thanos movie.
 No, the people you want to threaten
 are the people who made Holmes and Watson.
 What? Oh, sorry.
 This is Dad's favourite film, The Will's Feral Sherlock Holmes.
 It's so good.
 Yeah, but nowhere in Holmes is he bloody hilarious.
 I think, oh, true.
 There you go.
 So that's actually more of a divergence
 from the original text.
 And I'm guessing that that studio paid them off.
 Do you know the, obviously, the very famous quote,
 "elementary, my dear Watson?"
 It never said in any of the written work of Conan Doyle's.
 So it's a line that came much later.
 But there's someone who runs a site called Quote Investigator
 who's written a fantastic article
 about trying to find the very first instances
 where we use "elementary, my dear Watson."
 And the oldest that he could find was 1901,
 the Northampton Mercury.
 They published a short parody featuring the characters
 Shylock Combs and Pottson.
 And it is in that that the line "elementary, my dear Pottson"
 is said.
 Wow.
 Then in 1902, there was a piece that was written
 about Dr. Joseph Bell.
 Now, Dr. Joseph Bell is someone who it is claimed
 was the inspiration for Sherlock Holmes.
 He was a doctor who could walk around and look at you
 on site and pick out what was wrong with you
 by just simply staring at you,
 which is a thing that Sherlock is famous for doing.
 And in this article, the person writing it says,
 "As the remarkable man would say,
 'It is the merest elementary knowledge, my dear Watson.'"
 So that's the second closest that we get to it.
 Yeah.
 But yeah, no one can find it in the actual canon itself
 of official Sherlock writings.
 I think if it was there, people would have found it, right?
 Yeah.
 Because people do take these books very seriously.
 You're right.
 You get people.
 And they're all digital now.
 There's a search term.
 Yeah, it's a search term.
 I've got just a recommendation of an extraordinary
 real-life story to do with Sherlock and Conan Doyle.
 That is worth reading.
 So it's written by a guy called David Gran.
 And the story, it was published in The New Yorker
 and it was called Mysterious Circumstances.
 So basically, one of the leading Sherlock Holmes experts
 in the world, living in Britain,
 was found dead in his room, in his house, with no break-in.
 No one could work out how anyone got out
 because there was just one body in there.
 So this turned in itself into a Sherlock Holmes-style mystery.
 How did the leading expert of Sherlock Holmes die?
 It was a guy called Richard Lancelin Green.
 He was the son of Roger Lancelin Green,
 who wrote The King Arthur Fables in their modern version,
 with the most famous version that we would all know.
 And yeah, so it's extraordinary.
 He was found death by Garotting, by the way.
 Oh, hello.
 Hello.
 And what year was this?
 Did he say the year then?
 No. Well, he wrote about it in 2004
 and it wasn't much long before that that this story happened.
 Did he have one of those guns that shoots people in the crotch?
 Because then I'm just trying to channel my inner Sherlock Holmes here.
 Yeah, I mean, I know the answer to the story, but it's not that.
 Is that Doctor, what was he called?
 Dr. Bell.
 Bell.
 Yeah, he could tell just by looking at you
 if you'd been shot in the crotch.
 This man is a Garotter. He's a nasty man.
 Sorry, Dad, carry on.
 No, no, I think that's all that I'd like to give in terms of details.
 It's an extraordinary mystery.
 Sherlock expert found Garotterd.
 Yeah, in a locked room mystery, and he's the only person in the room,
 no one knows who killed him.
 There was a big paranoia on his part in the lead-up to his death
 about people wanting to kill him that he told everyone about.
 It's a big mystery and the story does resolve,
 so I highly recommend reading it.
 Oh, you're not going to tell us?
 No, no, it's honestly, that's what I was saying.
 This is just a, you need to read it.
 It would be horrible to ruin the brilliance of this writing.
 No spoilers.
 So have you told people how to get hold of this, how to find it?
 Yeah, the New Yorker, Mysterious Circumstances,
 it's called by David Gran, or in the book The Devil vs. Sherlock Holmes.
 But once we stop recording, you'll just tell us what happened, right?
 Because...
 Yes, absolutely.
 It was a self, he put his cravat on the wrong way around, didn't he?
 So easy.
 OK, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we have said over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sribeland, Andy.
 @AndrewHunterM.
 James.
 @JamesHarkin.
 And Jenny.
 @GenLion.
 Yep.
 Or you can go to our group account @NoSuchThing or our website.
 NoSuchThing is at fish.com.
 We have everything up there from our previous episodes
 to bits and merchandise that we've released.
 Also, do make sure to check out Fingers on Buzzers.
 It's Jenny's brilliant podcast.
 James, you were on it not too long ago, I believe.
 Buzz, Anna and I were on it.
 Yeah, talking about quizzes.
 Great guess.
 Yeah, very cool.
 Great guess.
 Yeah, I mean, you know, there's two others that would have been really good,
 but, you know, that's cool.
 If you want to check it out,
 it's available in all the places you get your podcasts.
 So do listen to that and listen to us again next week
 when we will be back with another episode.
 We'll see you then.
 Good bye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
