 [music]
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming
 to you from the QI offices in Covent Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber, I'm sitting here with Andrew Hunter Murray, James Harkin and
 Anna Tyshinski and once again, we have gathered round the microphones with our four favorite
 facts from the last seven days and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one and that is Anna.
 My fact this week is that pedestrians used to be expected to give way to sedan chairs.
 Oh wow.
 So they're the e-scooters of their day.
 They couldn't have been more so from everything I've read about them.
 A pedestrian is still expected to give way to sedan chairs but there aren't any sedan
 chairs so it doesn't matter.
 Oh like legally.
 It's a really good question.
 We'll have to, I guess we have to set it up with one of us, well it would require three
 of us to have a sedan chair and then one of us to find a policeman to arrest him.
 Well no, no, we only need one sedan chair and two people to lift it.
 We need three people.
 Yeah, that's what I mean.
 Three people.
 I thought you said a sedan chair each.
 No, no, no.
 So we'll need three people, one sedan chair and then one of us to be the pedestrian who
 doesn't give way.
 Oh well I'll be the pedestrian, please.
 Can I be the person's…
 I'll be in the chair, shotgun in the chair.
 Dang.
 All right, front, front.
 I got the front.
 Yes.
 What a joke.
 Sorry James.
 God.
 Anyway, this was the other rules of the road or in fact the rules of the pavement in the
 great sedan chair era, which is quite a short era really and just in case you're unfamiliar
 with the sedan concept, it's obviously a chair that one person is sitting on and then
 it's attached to sort of pole railings and those are held by one person at each end and
 you're walked around the street in this chair.
 And normally there's a box around the chair, we should say.
 Yeah.
 There's some rough and ready sedan chairs where it's literally just a chair and you're
 being carried.
 Really?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 You can't see that.
 Very cheap fit for those.
 There were military sedan chairs or for expeditions and it's literally just a chair with some
 handles that fold out.
 Right.
 And that's it.
 You wouldn't have thought it was that useful in a sort of military assault, would you?
 It's no tank.
 The sedan chair.
 It's free.
 It's before the battle.
 Okay, right.
 You're in the chair.
 Galloping in on the sedan chair.
 Over the lip of a hill, thousands of sedan chairs.
 Anyway, yeah, there were quite strict rules about how they could be used.
 So it was in 1634, I think, that they really kicked off in the UK.
 They came over from Europe and a guy called Saunders Duncombe got a bunch of licenses
 to hire out some sedan chairs.
 And the great thing about them was they were allowed to go on the pavements, much like scooters
 and there's much like scooters, it's really irritated pedestrians.
 But the rule was that pedestrians had to get out the way and the men on this who would
 be carrying the sedan chairs and it was usually men, obviously, would just shout, you know,
 buy or leave as they approached or sometimes rude of things, according to some accounts.
 I thought that it was very polite.
 I thought a sedan chair would be making its way leisurely to you and they would say you'd
 pause.
 These guys were bolting down the street.
 Yeah.
 Really?
 Yeah, that's the thing.
 If you didn't move, you weren't sort of in a standoff.
 You were just mowed over.
 That's why I think like this was the rule.
 But it was kind of an unwritten rule, I reckon, right?
 Because and the reason it was unwritten was because if you didn't get out of the way,
 you would get smashed.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 They could be quite, quite violent.
 I always thought that sedan chairs were pretty much in the way that you might, if you're
 in London these days, you know, getting a rickshaw in the middle of the night.
 Like it was just a thing of convenience, which was really nice, but actually they were really
 practical.
 They were particularly practical for people whose legs, you know, had problems who couldn't
 walk and so on.
 And sedan chairs weren't just for the outside.
 You had indoor sedan chairs, which I just didn't think of.
 So you could get, you could get from your room downstairs and have a wash, go out.
 I think it was, it was usually the same sedan chair, right?
 What they would do is they would change the poles so they would have shorter poles when
 you were doing the indoor bits and then they would give you longer ones for the outdoor.
 So they were really popular in Bath in the city of Bath.
 They were, like Dan said, because you could use them indoors.
 You could literally be picked up from your bed in your lodgings.
 You could be carried to the bath waters, which were regenerative.
 You could be put into the waters and then picked back up again and taken back to your
 bed and put into your bed.
 And these guys, the chairman, who would take you, they would also strip you and cover you
 in blankets.
 So they would take off your nightclothes, put you in blankets, put you in the sedan chair,
 take you to the baths, put you in and then put you back as you were.
 It's like being a baby.
 Yeah.
 Basically, I'm being a...
 I just think Uber should bring this in.
 I don't want...
 I think workers' rights might have got to a place where we wouldn't be able to sit in
 the sedan chair anymore.
 Yeah.
 There's a bit like a hover wheel chair, isn't it?
 Like you're...
 Yeah.
 Did you think about it?
 It's like, you know...
 Hovering no wheels.
 Just like, you know, an old...
 An old...
 Like the concept.
 It's a hovering chair.
 If you imagine the men who are carrying you aren't there, then it is, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 Imagine they are the wheels.
 The men are the wheels.
 They were...
 So they were mostly for the higher society.
 Yes.
 Obviously, because you had to pay fares to ride in them.
 And so they had great fixtures, like they tended to have hinged roofs, especially as
 hairstyles got bigger so that people's hair, big hairstyles would fit out on top or headdresses
 or top hats.
 I saw a drawing as well, which, again, it's done in that style where you kind of wonder,
 is this being satirical or is this being real?
 But you can see the hinge on the top of the roof and this giant wig coming out.
 Now, obviously, one of the problems is if...
 What if it's raining?
 Or what if there's a light drizzle?
 You're obviously going to get your wig wet.
 So the person on behind, in James's position, they have on their back a sort of huge pole
 that comes up with an umbrella on the top and that then sits over.
 I think it's a satirical drawing, sadly.
 But it's kind of makes sense that you would do that, I would say.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I think from the attitudes of the chairman that I can gather, their vibe would be, "Your
 hair can bloody well get wet, madam."
 So there was a thing as sedentary sickness.
 Oh, yeah.
 I think sedentaries were huge in China, too, and in Hong Kong as well.
 And sea sickness was known as sedentary sickness because that was the best example they had.
 I think more people might have experienced sedentaries than the ocean.
 No way.
 Yeah.
 So you went out to sea and you suffer from sedentary sickness.
 Oh, possible.
 I don't know if they called it that when they were at sea.
 Oh, I thought you were saying that was what they called sea sickness.
 I think if you're a salty old sea dog, you're probably still called it sea sickness.
 Yeah.
 But I think most people would have said, "Oh, I've got a sedentary sickness."
 Because it feels like I've been in a sedentary, if they had motion sickness.
 If they'd been on the waltzes or whatever, they would think of it as sedentary sickness.
 But cures included drinking the urine of young boys, which does seem to crop up quite a lot
 in ancient cures.
 Was that in, would you get a little vial of that in the sedentary?
 For a nice one.
 Just if you felt it coming on, yeah.
 Well, like when the Uber driver has a bottle of water in his back, you know, it's the classy
 one.
 Sedan lux.
 Yeah, or bringing some earth from your kitchen floor for protection.
 Well, that was how they used to treat sea sickness, I think we've said before, right?
 Ah, so it must have been the urine of young boys for the sedentary only.
 Okay.
 Also, taxi drivers get annoyed if you get their cars dirty.
 So if you bring earth into a car, and similarly with the sedentary, they used to, they were
 able to charge passengers for any mess that was made.
 So I think if you dumped a bunch of earth in the chair, or if you drank some young boys
 urine, and then vomited it back up, but that's presumably fine.
 Because they're the ones who introduced the boys urine into the, yeah, just don't spill
 it.
 And I really like it how when it got to nighttime, the sedentary, the price would then double
 on top of all these other fees that you had.
 It would double.
 It kind of makes sense because you needed one extra member of the vehicle, as it were,
 which was the link boy who would be standing in front of the sedentary with a torch lighting
 the way like a big old headlight.
 You know, so cool.
 And it was, I read a thing about that was very dark and jolting in the sedan because
 there are these just slight gaps of light where the curtains are or whatever, or you
 see the torch.
 And at the end of the journey, the link boy would thrust their flombo into your trumpet
 shaped extinguisher.
 How cool is that?
 Yeah.
 That was if you paid extra though.
 And those extinguishers, you still see them in houses sometimes, don't you?
 I walked past the building yesterday and I saw this weird iron trumpet on the outside
 and it was for them to stick the torture and extinguish is it?
 That's great.
 Cool is that?
 If you ever need to put out a candle in London and you happen to be in the right place, you
 can do it.
 It's quite sushi buildings.
 It's not.
 Yes.
 This was in, you know, Piccadilly or somewhere.
 Yeah.
 If look, if you live in one of those buildings, you can probably afford a torch, so you won't
 need to put the candle out in there.
 The world record longest journey in a sedentary.
 I'm not sure if it's still the world record.
 But this was in 1728, it was Princess Amelia, who's the daughter of King George II.
 And she was carried from London to Bath in a sedentary.
 So far.
 Wow.
 It's a long way.
 She must have got through so much young boys urine on the way.
 They have like service stations where you can get some young boys urine, some drive-throughs
 and stuff.
 It's 172 kilometres and she did it with eight chairmen working in turn and they had a coach
 that was going alongside him that they would jump in and out of and then they would carry
 her.
 Who was it?
 Who did this?
 Princess Amelia.
 So an actual princess.
 Yeah, daughter of George II.
 Wow.
 It wouldn't be your average pleb would it?
 No, no, of course.
 But what this reminds me of, every so often there's a new story today, which is like this
 drunk person got an Uber 200 miles.
 That was the first thing I thought I was like, but she was really kind of quite unpopular
 Princess Amelia.
 She famously closed Richmond Park to anyone apart from her friends.
 Bastard.
 In London.
 And so you had to get a ticket to go to Richmond Park and you had to get it from Princess Amelia.
 You couldn't get it from anywhere else.
 And so for instance, there was a guy called Lord Barock who asked her for a ticket and
 he said, "Can I have a ticket to Richmond Park?"
 And she said, "I denied one to the Lord Chancellor.
 I'm hardly going to give one to you."
 Ouch.
 Wow.
 It was like a huge sort of right to roam thing.
 And there was a guy called John Lewis who took her to court saying, "I should be allowed
 into Richmond Park."
 And in the end, this was in 1758, he won, John Lewis won.
 And so they had to put ladders up over the walls so that people could get into Richmond
 Park.
 But Princess Amelia made it so that the steps in the ladder were too far that people could
 get off.
 Oh no.
 So they had to go back to court to get them put in.
 How was she getting in?
 She was, you know, she had her gates that she could go into that would guard and stuff
 like that.
 Oh, I see.
 Okay.
 She didn't have a human trebuchet or something tossing her in the house.
 But yeah, John Lewis who did this, he became like a local celebrity and people who lived
 near Richmond Park would have his painting in their houses because he was so famous for
 getting people into Richmond Park.
 How cool is that?
 Yeah, Princess Amelia.
 Hang on.
 So could we say that without the sedanshire, we might not be able to access Richmond Park
 today?
 No.
 Well, it's another one of my talking about someone quite a long way from the actual
 fact.
 Yeah.
 I'm only talking about her because she did have the record for the longest sedanshire
 race.
 And just very quickly on the trip, you said that these guys were jumping out.
 So was it like passing a baton?
 As in, did she ever touch the ground, we know, or was it just one journey?
 That's a really good point.
 I would imagine, she's a princess, right?
 Do you reckon it's uncomfortable to be put down and picked up again?
 Because if it is, they probably did a pass, baton pass to try and make it as good as possible
 for her.
 But it's also uncomfortable to walk 170 miles without a piss.
 So I imagine she would have stopped the bet along the way.
 Yeah.
 There must have been.
 Yeah.
 Hardly any of them had toilets inside the sedanshire, did they?
 So...
 For that one, you would build that in, wouldn't you, for that long a journey?
 That's a rough gig for the guy at the back, is what I'm saying.
 Oh, no.
 What I'm thinking now is this is just so obvious that this must have happened.
 You get your free vial of young boys urine, neck it to make you feel better, and then
 you need a piss where you're going to go in that vial.
 And then the next person who uses the taxi, they're not going to get young boys urine.
 Yeah, you're right.
 And if they get the motion so it was badly, they'll think, "I bet that wasn't young
 boys urine, after all, only four stars."
 Okay, it is time for fact number two, and that is James.
 Okay, my fact this week is that a woman called Mary Papa Nicolaou once had a smear test
 every day for 21 years.
 I thought he's been a hypochondriac.
 That is...
 I mean, it's quite something, isn't it?
 No, she was the wife of Dr. Georgios Papa Nicolaou, who was the guy who invented the
 PAP smear test, and that's why it's called the PAP test, because it's named after him.
 And he needed to do experiments, and it's kind of hard to get people to do experiments,
 and so he got his wife to do it, and she unbregrudgingly, or maybe a little bit begrudgingly, did this
 for 21 years.
 It depends on the day, doesn't it, if it's Christmas day, or your birthday.
 So the other thing is that he was a zoologist, really, and he came up with this idea of doing
 a smear of the vagina of a guinea pig, and he could find out when they were menstruating,
 and so he was kind of doing that experiment on humans, and everyone's like, "Yeah, but
 we kind of know when humans are menstruating, it's a bit dumb."
 But there is an obvious sign.
 There's the odd sign here and there, but what happened was Mary invited some of her friends
 to a party, and I don't know how you bring this up in the party, but as part of the party,
 they all had a smear test, and then one of her friends was diagnosed with cervical cancer,
 and Georgios Papa Nicolaou, he had the smear, and he managed to see that there was something
 in that smear that pre-saged the fact that she was going to get cervical cancer, and
 that was basically why we have smear tests today.
 So brilliant.
 What a hero.
 Like, he should be a household name, really.
 Well, she should be, as well.
 Both of them should be.
 Yeah, the Papa Nicolaou's should be.
 She should just lay there.
 As the only person among the four of us who's had a smear test, it's genuinely not that
 difficult.
 21 years in a row.
 It's not very pleasant.
 I understand.
 It's not that pleasant.
 No.
 So it's a sort of little, what is it about?
 A little sort of taking of a few cells from the inside of the vagina.
 Yeah, exactly.
 So it's something, a little speculum.
 I imagine, I really want to know who made the tiny speculum for this guy's guinea pig.
 I can tell you that.
 So he went to, he went to a shop and bought a nasal speculum for humans.
 So a speculum is something that kind of opens up a gap a little bit.
 And so he would take the nasal speculum for humans and used it in the vaginas of the guinea
 pigs.
 And so what that tells me is that guinea pig's vagina is almost exactly the same size as
 a human nostril.
 Oh.
 Oh, well that's, it's useful knowledge probably somewhere.
 It's going to be useful at some point.
 One day.
 A pub quiz.
 What a pub quiz.
 The pub quiz as I go.
 The pub quiz as I set.
 Oh my God.
 I just can't see the sec.
 I want to.
 I've desperately tried.
 But we have a lot of listeners.
 There's like, how many people listening to this show?
 One day.
 Just a little bit.
 I reckon maybe you're going buying some nose plugs, right, as you're a swimmer and you
 go to the nose plug shop and they say, you're not allowed to put them in your nose before
 you buy them.
 And you're like, luckily I have a guinea pig here.
 So I can test the size of the guinea pig instead of testing it on myself.
 And that's the loophole in the chemist rule.
 We don't have any rule that says you can't put them in a guinea pig vagina.
 Oh, I've seen it where it's like someone's being held captive by an eccentric billionaire
 and they're like, I'm about to kill you unless you can answer this impossible question.
 That's quite good.
 I'll be.
 I've got another one.
 So you're being held captive by this guy and he wants to put some poison in your nose.
 And so what you do is, oh, no, I need to put my hockey mask on first and you put your hockey
 mask on.
 He begrudgingly says, oh, that's, I understand.
 But then when you've got your mask on, you put a guinea pig where he thinks your nose
 is.
 And so he puts the poison in the guinea pig's vagina instead of your nose because he fixes
 your nose.
 Yeah.
 That's quite good.
 Yeah.
 Anyway, look.
 God.
 Papa Niccolo.
 Yeah.
 So George asked the husband, he started working on the guinea pigs during the First World
 War, I think it was about 1916, maybe within a year or two either side because that was
 the length of the war.
 But it took him so long.
 He published his landmark work on it during the Second World War, it was 1943 that the
 work was published.
 And that was with a brilliantly named fellow scientist called Herbert Trout.
 Just on very quickly on Trout, Herbert Trout, because I know you want to know this.
 I read his obituary and he loved fishing.
 Brilliant.
 Lovely.
 Good on you.
 Very good.
 What is truly amazing about this though is one article that I read is that in the early
 1900s, cervical cancer was the number one cancer killer in women in the USA.
 And now it's basically the most preventable cancer up there.
 I mean, it's extraordinary what this guy's discovery along with his wife's vagina did.
 Another good name in the history of Smith's is the sort of simultaneous inventor, in fact,
 Oral Babes.
 Stop it.
 Yeah, stop it.
 That's not real.
 How do you actually pronounce it Anna?
 All right.
 Fine.
 I think you probably say Oral Babes.
 It's Oral Babesh.
 Oral Babesh is the name of the person who was Romanian I think and he also was doing experiments
 around the same time and sort of came up with a slightly different twist on taking a cervical
 smear test at the same time.
 Right.
 And yeah.
 And in fact, in Romania, it's called the method of Babesh of Papa Nicolaou.
 Wow.
 So they give him joint credit for it.
 Cool.
 He was, by the way, Babesh.
 He worked with Robert Bunsen of Bunsen burner fame.
 Stop.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 He was his pupil.
 I thought Bunsen burner was kind of hundreds of years old.
 I thought they were back over a hundred years old.
 Okay.
 That is really cool.
 It's so cool.
 God, so many great names being chucked around.
 I know.
 In 2009, Papa Nicolaou at George else, again, was named the second greatest Greek of all
 time in a national poll.
 I mean, that's of all the countries, that's a biggie grease, isn't it?
 It's one hundred percent is because they got a lot of pedigree in there.
 Yeah.
 He was beaten by one man only.
 Was it that guy who did?
 Anassas.
 Not anassas.
 Oh.
 Well, who's that guy who did all the politics and the economics and stuff when they had
 a...
 Sure, it's like Socrates.
 Yeah.
 Was it him?
 No.
 I think it should be Anas, but I think it's Socrates.
 It's under the grade.
 Oh.
 The only Greek voted greater than George Papa Nicolaou.
 What did the Macedonians think of that vote?
 I don't know.
 I really love the speculum as said no woman ever as a historical object, I don't like
 it too near me, but it's got a very interesting history, so it was invented by this chap called
 James Sims.
 He was actually a very unsavory character in pretty much every way.
 Wow.
 At the time, doctors were totally discouraged from looking at women's private parts.
 Gynecologists would be told not to look at the affected area, and they'd be...
 They were instructed to blindly fumble around under a lady's skirt and have a little bit
 of a feel, and I think there was even a textbook that suggested either the doctors stare determinedly
 out into the middle of space or look the person in the eye consistently as you're doing it.
 Which is better.
 Which is worse.
 But, yeah, he didn't like doing it any more than any other of these male doctors at the
 time, and it was sort of as very unseemly, but he did say one time this poor girl came
 to him with a fissure, a really bad fissure, and he said this girl was in such a condition
 that I was obliged to find out what was the matter with her.
 And so we started investigating ways to see into the vagina, and he tried a bent handle
 of a gravy spoon at first, and I don't know if it was clean before it was eaten off again,
 not clear on the details there, but it was really controversial.
 Even after he came up with a speculum, lots of people refused to use it in case it corrupted
 people, in case women got very proud.
 In case it was just too damn sexy.
 It was exactly that.
 And the thing about Sims is really controversial is that he did a lot of experiments on African
 American enslaved women, and there was a question about how much consent he got.
 And to such an extent that his statue was removed from Central Park in 2018.
 Was it?
 Yeah, it was.
 So, I mean, I think he's been roundly cancelled now, Mr Sims.
 Yeah, yeah, he's not a good guy.
 Another person famous in the history of smear tests is Anna Marion Hilliard.
 She was a Canadian physician, and the pap test was invented by this Greek guy, but actually
 she invented the way that they do it in modern days, because she made it much more simple,
 and she made it in a way that any gynecologist or family doctor could do it without having
 to have loads of extra training.
 So she's really, really important in this story.
 As well as being a physician, she was a midwife.
 She was one of the best women's hockey players in Canada in her day.
 And there was a brilliant interview with her, and they asked her about her life as a gynecologist.
 And she said that sometimes women would come up to her six years after their wedding day,
 and she would have to inform them that the reason that they still haven't had any babies
 is that they are still virgins.
 Whoa.
 Yeah.
 What is this?
 This was in the '50s.
 This interview was in 1957.
 Okay.
 They were like, "Why have I not had a baby yet?"
 And they're like, "Well, let me tell you something about life."
 That's leaving it too late for the birds and the bees chat, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 It's also very fitting that she played hockey, because in terms of gynecological lessons,
 I was taught to apply condoms by putting them on hockey sticks by my English teacher.
 Were you?
 Yeah.
 I was the first possible nod of my English teachers to this.
 Why is your English teacher telling you to do this?
 It comes up in middle-march, do you remember this?
 Dorothea has to pop, yeah, yeah, pop it on a hockey stick.
 Yeah, on Calzabon, it was quite difficult, because it was very fulfilling now.
 I thought, "Oh, no, I'm thinking of ice hockey sticks."
 A hockey stick?
 Which end is the hockey stick?
 I mean, isn't the hockey stick, like, 180 degrees curved at the end?
 Yeah.
 And the old pipey again?
 The gravy spoon.
 That's what we call it.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three, and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that ships can squat to get under bridges.
 That's really cool.
 Pop a squat and get under bridges.
 They don't have any legs.
 They don't have any legs.
 Obvious response.
 No, they can't.
 What are you talking about?
 So this is a pretty amazing thing.
 Basically, what they do in order to achieve the squat is they make the ship go faster.
 And when you move a ship faster, there's obviously a lot more water passing faster.
 And when it passes faster, particularly underneath the boat, the pressure decreases.
 And so the ship sinks further down into it, sort of gets sucked to the bottom.
 And that's how they achieve it.
 And they work out the measurements.
 They work out how much they need to go down, and that's the speed to which they move in
 order to gain that extra distance from a bridge.
 And we've seen it happen a few times.
 I mean, it's pretty crazy.
 There's one of the biggest cruise ships in the world.
 It's called the Oasis of the Seas.
 And it needed to do this.
 It needed to get under a bridge that connects the Danish islands of Zeeland and Sprogo.
 So it couldn't get under at the height that it was at.
 And they did a few things like they had to collapse the tall standing funnels.
 What could you do that?
 Yeah, yeah.
 Some ships are built to do that specifically for bridges.
 Yeah.
 I mean, but normally those ships are in bottles that can do that.
 So in this case, this particular ship could, the Oasis of the Seas, but it still wasn't
 enough.
 So they needed to approach the bridge at 20 knots.
 Oh my gosh.
 So they did that.
 And if you get it wrong, then that's it.
 You're going really fast.
 You're going really fast into a bridge.
 But it managed to do it.
 And it made clearance by a foot.
 So they must have, I mean, imagine the maths for that, working out that this is exactly
 the right speed.
 Yeah.
 That's a lot of pressure, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 So I'm a mathematician just hearing this enormous crunch above deck and looking at your notes
 and going, "Oh, I didn't carry the one.
 Oh no."
 Yeah.
 That bridge is called the Great Belt Bridge, right?
 In Denmark.
 And I checked out whether it has been hit in the past.
 It's been hit once since it was opened.
 And that was by Karen Danielson.
 Funny name for a ship.
 That's the name of the ship.
 You're joking.
 I'm going to be Karen Danielson crashed into it in 2005 and because you couldn't get any
 traffic across, this is one of the main bridges from one of the most populous parts of Denmark
 to the rest of it.
 It basically cut the whole of Denmark into two and no one could get from either side.
 Karen Danielson, as far as I can tell, must be named after Karen Danielson, who's a psychoanalyst
 because I can't find any other Karen Danielsons.
 She might be better known to you as Karen Horney.
 No, she's a really, really famous psychoanalyst who is like a feminist Freudian, and Freud
 has the theory of penis envy, right?
 Women are neurotic because they want to have penises and stuff like that.
 She invented something called womb envy in men, and she says that this is just as common
 if not more common in men, and men are neurotic because they're envious of women's ability
 to bear children, and whereas women fulfill their society simply by being here, men have
 to achieve their manhood by succeeding in life.
 So that's Karen Horney.
 That's, well, speaking of invention, something I've always wanted to invent the name for,
 the opposite of nominative determinism.
 She's Horney, and so she's gone in the opposite direction.
 She denies all the horny-ness that old Freud put forward.
 Yeah, according to Wikipedia, Horney was bewildered by psychiatrists' tendency to
 place so much emphasis on the male sexual organ.
 What a good reversal would be for nominative determinism, you could call it nominative
 deter-minism.
 Yes.
 So it's putting things off.
 I watched that to you a while ago.
 Sorry?
 I watched that idea to you a while ago.
 Yeah, you did.
 And as I said it, I thought this bell went ding-a-ling of plagiarism alert, plagiarism alert, but
 I thought, ignore the bell, because it was quiet enough that I thought, what are the
 odds of plagiarising someone in this room?
 I'm really looking forward to your court case, eventually, where when the IQ stands
 up and explains what you've done, you just immediately go, "Oh, yeah, no, you're right.
 I did.
 Do you mind?"
 Yes.
 As I was stealing that loaf of bread and the little bell went off, I thought they must
 have been a boy wizard called Harry.
 Okay, well, can we go back to shipping?
 Yeah.
 Let's have a ship fact.
 Oh, okay, so you want to hear a cool sinking ship fact?
 Yes.
 This is something I probably said three years ago, but something that someone else said
 three years ago.
 There are ships called, I'm so paranoid now, semi-submersible ships, they're called heavy
 lift ships as well.
 Okay.
 Is that going off?
 No.
 Great.
 Thank you.
 What they do is, they're designed to carry other ships or they're designed to carry
 oil rigs or they're designed to carry enormously heavy things, things that weigh tens of thousands
 of tonnes.
 What they do is, they're these weird, mad, huge platforms with towers at the corners.
 They float along.
 They then take on huge amounts of water as ballast, millions and millions of litres,
 and they sink.
 The ship sinks, and then the oil rig or the other ship or whatever floats over the top.
 Wow.
 So clever.
 And then the submersible ship just jettisons all the ballast it took on, and Bob's back
 up bringing the thing with it.
 Wow.
 Nice.
 It's insane.
 It's absolutely insane.
 Some of them have feet to clamp onto the key as they're being loaded, so some ships have
 legs.
 They're just nuts.
 Did you guys ever read about the Sean O'Casey bridge in Dublin?
 Sean O'Casey.
 Again, they say Karen Danielson, Sean O'Casey, and we just run out of names.
 I actually didn't look up who Sean was, I should have.
 There's a bridge that would open in the middle, but not long after they opened it, they lost
 the remote control that opened the bridge, and they couldn't find it for four years.
 Four years.
 It didn't open.
 Well, that ship stuck in a traffic jam, the back up getting worse and worse.
 Some pilot needed to get in for dinner.
 And they found it.
 They know they had to just get a new remote.
 Why didn't they do that after three years?
 It's a slightly confusing story because from what I read, the cost wasn't even that great.
 It was only like, compared with the cost of a bridge or the shipping life of a nation.
 Exactly.
 I sometimes do that.
 You know, when you've lost your cheap headphones, you're like, "I will find them.
 I know they're in my room somewhere."
 It's all in one small lounge that they've lost their remote control for the bridge.
 They just need to look in the sofa one more time, and it will be there.
 Yeah.
 My God.
 In 2020, there was a Donald Trump boat parade on Lake Travis, which was in the Colorado
 River.
 There were over a hundred boats, all pro-Trump, they had flags, and they were just having
 a great day out doing it like, "Do we support Donald Trump?"
 Whatever.
 Unfortunately, they generated massive waves, and five of them sank to the bottom of this
 lake.
 And it was a completely calm day.
 That's the thing.
 Oh, no.
 And it's due to a really bizarre shipping effect.
 So basically, there were boats with planing hulls, which as far as I understand it is,
 above a certain speed, the top rises up a bit, and the boat is effectively riding its
 own bow wave.
 The problem is that these boats, if they all go at the same speed, they kind of act on
 each other.
 Oh, yeah.
 And the waves that they're generating at 10 miles an hour, which was the speed they had
 all decided to go at, was the worst possible speed to go at.
 Nice.
 And so they created this enormous set of waves, which they created their own storm, basically.
 Oh, my God.
 That's incredible.
 I know.
 I know.
 If they'd gone at five, it would have been fine.
 If they'd gone at 20, it would have been fine.
 Or if some had gone at five, and some had gone at 10, and some had gone at 12.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Yeah, yeah.
 That was terrible.
 It's quite impressive.
 If it had been intentional, that could be a useful naval military tactic, couldn't it?
 Yeah.
 Better than the Old Sedanche.
 How are we going to sink our own navy?
 Oh, yeah.
 What's the tactic?
 You need a mole.
 You need a mole.
 Yeah.
 You need to infiltrate the enemy navy, don't you?
 I was actually reading a bit more about the effect that you were talking about at the
 start.
 Yeah.
 And so there are a few effects that ships can pull off.
 Another one is the bank effect.
 This isn't actually a good thing, but it's very similar mechanism that Dan was talking
 about.
 So as you said, the ship goes faster and faster, and the water in front of it is displaced,
 as we know, so you get that wave.
 And that creates a decrease in pressure underneath the ship, and that's called Bernouy's theorem.
 But also, it can create a decrease in pressure in the water around a ship's sides.
 So if a ship goes too fast, and then it turns a tiny bit accidentally or something, then
 the pressure will be decreased, and so the ship will move to fill up that space of, you
 know, decreased pressure.
 It'll get sucked in, kind of.
 It gets sucked in.
 And that means as soon as you turn a corner, you can suddenly get sucked up onto a bank.
 And actually, it's posited that, you know, the ever-given that got stranded in the sewers
 canary last year, was it?
 That that may have been what happened there.
 Just very quickly, I was reading an article in Hawkeye magazine.
 Hawkeye magazine.
 Your favorite mag.
 My favorite mag.
 Yeah.
 It's about ships at sea and all the interesting methods that ships use for various different
 safety reasons, and one of which is if you look at a photo of a ship at sea, next time
 you see a photo, have a look out for some people standing on deck, sort of on lookout.
 And that's two people, sometimes one, sometimes more.
 They're looking out for pirates, because that's a big problem when you're out at sea.
 Sure.
 But the thing is, is that they're not real people.
 These ships have dummies that look like people, who they just place on the side.
 Scarecrows.
 Scarecrows.
 Scarecrows.
 For pirates.
 Yeah.
 Pretty cool.
 That was, I think it was in that article as well, that it said about, there was a passing
 comment about the metal discs that you see when big ships are moored.
 And next time you see a big ship moored, then you'll see that the ropes obviously tied
 around the mooring pole, and then there's often a really big metal disc that looks like
 a giant CD that the ropes woven through.
 In fact, I think that almost always is with big boats.
 And if it's not down by the mooring, it's up against the side of the ship.
 And do you know what that is for?
 No.
 No.
 So like the big CD that you get in taxis sometimes, is apparently they think that it will stop
 speed cameras from being able to catch you.
 It's not that, but I did not know that.
 Really?
 I was told that by a taxi driver once, I don't know.
 Right.
 Okay.
 Oh, it doesn't work.
 I was a little bit quite anxious in that taxi as he was going at 85 miles an hour and at
 20, so I got the CD.
 Calm yourself down, drink some of that young boys' beer and we'll be there in a minute.
 Come on.
 So it's not that.
 It's not that.
 It's not that.
 It's a safety thing.
 It's a rat stopper.
 Oh, really?
 Oh, really?
 A big problem on ships.
 Big problem in harbours.
 Rat can't run up that rope if you've got a big CD in the way.
 Brilliant.
 It's amazing.
 That article just talks about all the things on the side of a ship.
 And I've never stopped to think about what I haven't really looked at the side of ships
 too much in my time.
 But it's basically covered in graffiti for the various things that you need to know.
 So there'll be signs that will show you how far the ship can dip as a result of the weight
 that it's carrying.
 So here are the certain lines that you need to be aware of.
 And the lines, there are different lines because if you're going to be in saltwater
 versus freshwater versus sort of like tropical water as well.
 Is that a flimsole line or something?
 Yeah, that's exactly it.
 The flimsole.
 The flimsole.
 And then there's lines to show you that sometimes boats have this little protrusion at the bottom
 of the ship at the front, which you would never see.
 So when tugboats are coming out to get it, there's a little symbol.
 It looks like a five that's missing the top that says watch out because you might smack
 into something underwater.
 I think that's to stop the waves from, is it to help it aerodynamically or something?
 Yes.
 Yeah, yeah.
 It's to break the waves somehow.
 And it's pretty amazing that these giant ships are basically guided when they come
 into shore.
 If they don't have a pilot doing the various, like very, very careful turning, basically
 tugboats, just tiny little boats because they can't turn it, but those little things are
 able to shift an entire ship.
 And a maritime pilot, which I always think is quite cool that you have the pilots who
 wait in the harbors or at difficult channels like the Suez.
 And these are the real pros who just know that very specific area of water and they
 leap on the boat and tell you how to do it.
 I saw that in action in Sydney at the Sydney Harbour.
 So I was having a drink outside the Opera House and there was a cruise ship that was
 going out.
 And it's a very hard turn that it needs to make by the bridge.
 So they just have a pilot come on, get it out, and then he gets in a dinghy or a helicopter
 and just gets off the boat again.
 That's it.
 It's amazing.
 Yeah.
 Not dissimilar to airline pilots, right?
 They take off and land, but then when they're cruising...
 And then they jump off in the middle of the boat.
 They get a helicopter off the plane at night.
 One more thing about boats and bridges from me, and that is about the Kinsey Street Bridge
 in Chicago.
 This is a bridge going over a river and the bridge is kind of...
 It's mesh on the bottom, right?
 So it's to kind of make it easier to clean.
 If anything falls onto the road, it's just going to go straight down.
 Do you know what I mean?
 It's like a mesh.
 Sort of.
 Because when he said mesh, I was thinking of a sieve and they're the hardest things
 to clean.
 Absolutely right.
 But absolutely right.
 In this instance.
 Yeah.
 The holes are big enough that things can pass through like a sieve.
 You're not going to get little bits of rice stuck in the culver.
 The main traffic on the road is just loose rice.
 Anyway, so there's a band called the Dave Matthews Band.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, you know, right?
 And they were gigging and the guy who was driving their bus decided that he was going
 to dump all of their human waste as he drove over the Kinsey Street Bridge because he felt
 well, it's a mesh.
 It just passed straight through.
 Right?
 So he did that.
 This is in 2004.
 Unfortunately, at the same time as he did this, a tourist boat was going underneath
 the bridge.
 Open top?
 Open top.
 Oh my God.
 And that incident led to more than three hundred thousand dollars in settlements, donations
 and fines.
 Wow.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 Oh my God.
 And the Dave Matthews Band always now has agreed to keep a log of whenever it empties
 its septic tanks.
 Keep a log, eh?
 Logs feel like they were the problem in the first place.
 That's amazing.
 OK, it is time for our final fact of the show, and that is Andy.
 My fact is that the art of wooden lacrosse stick making is extinct in the UK.
 Oh no.
 Is that global warming?
 I said it in a cheery way, but it's actually a very sad fact, obviously, because you can't
 go to wooden lacrosse stick in the UK anymore.
 Well, you can import one.
 Well, you can import one.
 You can buy an old one.
 We've just done a whole section on massive ships, you know what they use massive ships
 for?
 It is importing.
 Lacrosse stick.
 This is a fact about, basically, I was on the website of the Heritage Crafts Organization,
 which they're the advocates for traditional crafts, and they keep this amazing watch list
 of traditional crafts, which are either fine, you know, sustainable, or slightly endangered,
 or critically endangered, or extinct, and lacrosse stick making went extinct.
 In 2014, there's a phone called Hatter's Lease, which is the UK's main lacrosse stick manufacturer.
 But their last wooden stick maker retired in 2014.
 He was called Tom Beckett.
 Oh, Thomas Beckett.
 Probably not.
 Well, no one rid me of this troublesome lacrosse stick maker.
 Yes, how did his life end, actually?
 He wasn't murdered on the steps of a...
 He's still alive.
 Tom Beckett.
 There we go.
 Well, thank God.
 Still goes for a curry every year with the rest of the people at Hatter's Lease.
 Does he?
 Yeah.
 James, you've been in touch with them.
 I have.
 What a blindingly good guess.
 I have.
 I was asking them why they have a stick called the Victoria Cross, but Victoria was with
 a K, and it's the best stick that they ever made, and I asked them why they called it the
 Victoria Cross, and why it has a K, and neither Tom nor David Hay, who's the head of sales
 knew.
 Because it's all plastic these days.
 That's the sad thing.
 Is it?
 The lacrosse sticks.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Because they're lighter and they're more efficient.
 One reason is because they yield on impact, because it's quite a violent spot lacrosse,
 and so if you hit someone across the head with a lacrosse stick, which is wooden, they're
 going to do a lot of damage, but the carbon fiber ones bounce right off.
 Yeah.
 It's all gone soft these days, hasn't it?
 You can't even beat people over the head with a stick anymore.
 Well, did you hear?
 Did you hear?
 I mean, that is an important thing.
 It's a record.
 Wheaton College.
 Sorry.
 Wheaton College.
 Where were you educated?
 Wheaton...
 Eaton College.
 Eaton College.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 Wheaton College is the equivalent.
 It's twinned.
 It's twinned with Eaton.
 He was 19 at the time, called Alex Chew.
 It's the French Eaton, isn't it?
 Meh, Wheaton.
 He was up until this point playing lacrosse his entire school life for the school teams,
 and then he became a freshman at Wheaton College, and was told he couldn't play anymore because
 his head was too big for any of the helmets.
 They just didn't make helmets big enough for this guy's head.
 I think what he used to do was, the reason he was allowed to play before was that he
 pieced together parts of two different helmets.
 He created a bigger helmet for his massive head.
 Does it sound very safe?
 You know, if you get two cars and weld them together, that's really unsafe, isn't it?
 Yeah, exactly.
 So he didn't get to play.
 Wait, sorry.
 You need to sit on the sides.
 Are the helmet makers of Massachusetts also extinct?
 Is there no one available to make him?
 No one built him a bigger helmet.
 He couldn't play.
 He played, I think, one game that season, and I think that might have been a mistake.
 You know what?
 He could have played women's lacrosse because they don't wear helmets in women's lacrosse.
 No, not because it's almost a completely different game.
 It's so weird.
 Yeah, it's so weird.
 They're different sports.
 Well, so they say, I actually think they're really similar, but if you ask people who
 play lacrosse of either type, they say they're really different sports, don't they?
 Yeah.
 And they don't really do the body contact so much in women's sports.
 So the men's lacrosse is incredibly violent.
 Basically, you can essentially just attack someone with a large stick, as long as it's
 not deemed to be sort of like unduly really intentionally aggressive, I think.
 Whereas in women's, you can stick people.
 You can stick people.
 What do they call it?
 Stick people?
 Slashing and cocky?
 Stick check. In women's, you can stick check so you can hit their stick with your stick.
 Oh, okay.
 You can't really bash them around the face.
 Could you hit their fingers holding the stick with your stick?
 I think you can do that.
 Oh, yeah.
 And I should say in men's, actually, you can't bash them around the face, but the torso,
 free for all.
 Golly.
 Really interesting.
 And it's all down to a woman called Rosabelle Sinclair.
 And what happened was, so lacrosse is an old Native American sport.
 They played it in America, but it was in the early 20th century.
 Girls weren't really allowed to play lacrosse, and so it was an all-boy sport pretty much.
 They came over to the UK and had an exhibition in front of Queen Victoria.
 So this is a bit earlier.
 And Queen Victoria said it would be a great game for girls to play in public schools.
 And so they started playing it in public schools.
 And so you had this one spot in the UK, which was all girls playing in school.
 And you have this one spot in America, which was all boys playing, and they've kind of
 evolved quite differently.
 And then Rosabelle Sinclair took the girls' game over to America, but she decided she
 was going to stick to the girls' rules that they had in the UK.
 And so that's why now in America, it's almost like netball and basketball.
 Not quite, but they're quite different sports.
 That makes sense.
 And I'd love to see a team of traditional women's lacrosse players play the men's,
 because just FYI, if you're an American listener, lacrosse in the UK is pretty much, I think,
 reserved for, well, this is an anecdote, this is just based on my own life experience.
 But in my own life experience, lacrosse is basically reserved for very posh school girls.
 And in America, it seems to be reserved for extremely hardcore, large men.
 So I was talking to someone the other day, a friend of mine who played a little bit of
 lacrosse, and she said it is quite violent still.
 Yeah, it's pretty primal.
 So the kind of aggression of it, I think kind of makes sense for the origins of it.
 So it was played in the 1500s.
 Native Americans did it as a way of kind of battling between local tribes, didn't they?
 They sort of, they would have games that would last for days, and the teams could be anything
 from five players to over 100 players.
 And it was...
 You set up with your four mates.
 Oh, no, they've gone for the opposite, actually, in many ways.
 But yeah, that's kind of the origins of it, isn't it?
 Yeah, there's one claim on the World Lacrosse Federation website, which says that sometimes
 games can involve up to 100,000 players.
 What?
 It's so clearly balanced, isn't it?
 But that's what it claims in there, the authority.
 That is amazing.
 It would certainly come and have over 1,000 people, and I thought it was true.
 100,000?
 Was it war?
 Or was it, were they fighting?
 Well, we don't...
 That's still a big war.
 It is.
 Yeah.
 On one side, you've got lacrosse players coming, Sedan chers, or the other.
 That's the type trouble.
 It was actually one team of five, and then another team of 99,995, and it was a draw.
 It was a draw in the end.
 Amazing.
 That's mental.
 Wow.
 But it was like it would be over vast distances, so Native Americans would be, you know, running
 between states practically, and people subbing in and out quite a lot, I think, over many
 days.
 It is the only sport that recognises Native Americans and First Nations people as their
 own individual nations, so they will, you know, in international games, you would enter as
 an individual nation, like the Mohawk nation, and in fact, that caused a real problem.
 They travel on their own passports, so I think the Iroquois lacrosse team travels on Iroquois
 passports.
 Iroquois and Haudenosaunee, by the way, are sort of synonymous, except they call themselves
 Haudenosaunee.
 But, yeah, the passports tend to be recognised.
 There was a bit of an issue in 2010 when Britain denied entry to the Iroquois team because
 they didn't accept their passports.
 They wanted them to have US passports, and they said, "Well, we don't consider ourselves
 American."
 Right.
 They didn't play.
 Lacrosse might come back, by the way, to the Olympics.
 It is coming back.
 Yeah, because it's such a growing sport, isn't it?
 So, 2018, they were given the status of receiving funds, which meant that they could sort of,
 like, start showing that it was possible.
 And now an official, whatever the official sport that you need to be in order to get to
 the Olympics, they are now that.
 Yeah.
 So, they'll be there for the 2028.
 Yeah, hopefully.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 So, speaking of, this is just something I read today about hockey, so it must be the
 same with Lacrosse.
 And that is that if you're a sports person in Canada, you're doing your sport, you're
 getting really sweaty, all your gear, your mitts, and your shirt and everything, your
 underwear gets really, really smelly, but you can't put it outside to air, right, because
 it's so cold.
 Okay.
 And so, traditionally, you find that these people have really, really smelly clothes and
 a kit and stuff like that.
 And so, they invented this thing, I can't remember what it's called, but it's like a
 big sort of trunk, and you put your kit in, and it fires UV light into the trunk.
 And then that makes ozone, and the ozone kills all of the bacteria.
 Wow.
 And when the bacteria is dyed, it means it can't make all the smells, and so, it kind
 of gets rid of all the smell of your kit.
 And this is the amazing thing.
 What they hope in the future is, they might be able to scale this up to the size of a
 room.
 So, you would come in after your game of hockey or lacrosse or whatever, you'd hang
 up your stuff, you'd go out of the room, close the door, and when the last person closed
 the door, the whole place gets filled with UV light and ozone, and then when you come
 back in, it's all clean and not salient, isn't that amazing?
 So, might we have these instead of bathrooms in the future, instead of a shower?
 Oh my, you know what I thought, because I read this article, and what I thought is,
 it could be useful for putting your underwear in, right, you know, like if you have a linen
 basket or something, get changed at night, take your underwear off, put it in the basket,
 next morning, take it out again, it's fine.
 Brilliant.
 You don't need clothes anymore, basically.
 You don't need more than one of everything.
 Just one set of clothes for the rest of your life, and one set of night clothes if you
 wear them.
 Yeah, exactly.
 I mean, you can also put your clothes on a washing machine and a dryer.
 Yeah, but that's two things.
 It's a combined system.
 You can use loads of water.
 Can't do it at night, because it upsets your neighbors.
 I do it literally every night, oh my god.
 What?
 Put your washing machine on?
 Oh my god.
 Your psycho.
 It's all right.
 He lives in a cottage on the top of the mountain.
 In the moors, yeah.
 What you can also do is take your clothes to a tanning salon, presumably, and drop them
 off, and ask them to book in a session.
 Book a bed.
 Book a bed, and you come and you take all your clothes off, and they go, well, if you'd
 like to get in, you say, no, no, here you go.
 You've got to make sat in a chair naked next to it.
 I'm going to climb into a washing machine now.
 You've got to make sure all of the employees know that that's happening, because they don't
 want to open a sunbed.
 Just see the missing body.
 Oh my god.
 It happened again.
 She's melted.
 Can we talk about some extinct crafts?
 Sure.
 So I spent quite a while on the Heritage Crafts website, Patron, Prince Charles, obviously.
 So I thought I'd do a little quiz for you.
 Okay.
 Right.
 Is this craft endangered, critically endangered, currently viable, or extinct?
 Okay.
 But you sent us the link of this list, so we all have a bit of an advantage.
 We might still do badly, but- Absolutely.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 I've got it literally open in front of you right now.
 Shit.
 Okay.
 I'll close it.
 I'll close it.
 I never bothered to read the sources you sent around, so I'm coming to this knife.
 All right.
 Orary making.
 Orary.
 Orary.
 So an orary is like the solar system, right?
 Exactly.
 It's a model of the solar system.
 Oh, that's fine.
 That's fine.
 Because, oh yeah, it's in every kid's toy shop, you've got to make them for kids.
 I'm with Dan, then.
 He has inside a knowledge here.
 Okay.
 You're so viable.
 I'm saying, yeah.
 Okay.
 No probes.
 Probably 200 of them.
 Two in North London alone.
 There are 100,000 actually.
 They all pale across.
 No, it's critically endangered as one full-time professional orary maker in the UK.
 Really?
 Well, he's doing a damn good job.
 I won't just sing in toy shops, Dan.
 I'm not sure I'm made by the real hand-made heritage.
 Mechanical, mechanical.
 The craft.
 Dice plastic ones.
 Mr. Fisher, he's the last one.
 Timothy Staines and his father, Derek, who was the previous full-timer, they make six
 to ten of these per year.
 Timothy Staines, by the way, is a sentence name.
 Oh, so it is.
 Welcome to the club, Timothy.
 Rake making.
 Is Oral Babes a sentence?
 No, it isn't.
 Sorry.
 No.
 What were you saying?
 Rake making.
 Rake making.
 I think, yeah, everyone needs a rake, don't they, if you have a garden?
 A garden implement, not a bit of a slimy, sleazy, loud-about clown.
 No, no.
 Okay.
 Then there's loads of them.
 The least five.
 It's endangered.
 Yeah, there are only about 5,000 made per year.
 There's specific kinds of rake, not just in all galleries.
 One more.
 Rocking horse manufacturer.
 Viable.
 Extinct.
 Yeah.
 Viable.
 It's viable.
 Okay.
 There is a guild of rocking horse makers, which has 2,000 members.
 The only qualification is you have to have made a rocking horse, which is fair enough,
 to be a member of the guild.
 Yeah.
 You don't have to have made it in the traditional age or sculpting.
 I imagine there are some barriers to entry about what qualifies as a rocking horse.
 Of course, you can't just make any old shit and save some rocking horse and then claim
 your guild's membership.
 No, you have to.
 Okay.
 Yeah, but I don't know exactly what the criteria are.
 I'm going to test this.
 Level of rock or whatever.
 I read this incredible article.
 Did any of you read it?
 It's called Raiders of the Lost Crafts.
 It was in The Independent in 2016.
 No.
 Raiders of the Lost Crafts.
 It was written by a woman called Amalia Ildner.
 She talked about, so, pole leaf woodturning, which is when a crockery used to be wooden.
 I didn't know you had wooden crockery.
 Most people would because it was just the most available substance, so back in Tudor
 Times, for instance.
 It's probably not...
 I thought crockery was like the noise it made, got that.
 It's probably like blockery or something.
 Blockery.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Woodery.
 I mean, blockery is a joke.
 Woodery is just...
 It's not...
 I can't wait to hear Andy make that joke again in three weeks time.
 I tell you what.
 When I tell it, you'll laugh.
 Okay, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we've said over
 the course of this podcast, we can all be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland.
 Andy.
 @Sriberland.
 James.
 Bit weird, but James.
 @JamesHarkin.
 And Anna.
 You can email podcast@qi.com.
 Yep.
 Well, you can go to our group account, which is @andrewhunterm, or you can go to our website.
 No such thing as a fish.com.
 All of our previous episodes are up there.
 There's also a link to the upcoming tour dates that we're doing later this year.
 Do check them out and see if we're coming to a place near you.
 Otherwise, you can listen to us again next week on this channel, on this podcast.
 We'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
