 Hello Clubfish members, welcome to this week's episode of Fish and a special top of show
 announcement just for you.
 Now, first things first, let's get the guest out of the way.
 Bit rude for me to say that, I suppose, considering it was the fantastic Melanie Bray's
 well.
 Melanie's a really good friend of ours, we've known her for many, many years.
 She's a regular on Australian television in New Zealand as well.
 She's been on New Zealand Taskmaster.
 She hosts a TV show called Cheap Seats Australia, but you've seen her on TV in the UK as well.
 She's been on QI a couple of times, and she has very recently been on Richard Osmond's
 House of Games.
 She's a brilliant stand-up comedian as well though, and so if you would like to see her
 on tour, great news.
 She's coming to the UK and her tickets are available at MelanieBraySwell.com/taw.
 So do get tickets for that, and, indeed, speaking of people who are going on tour, we are doing
 a live show very soon, and it is an unbelievably exciting one.
 It is at the Royal Institution, no less.
 Can you believe they are letting us in to the venerable building to do a podcast.
 It's just before Christmas, the 20th of December, there'll be a very, very special guest there
 on stage with us.
 However, it's going to be a whole load of Christmassy and Society fun, and so definitely
 come along to that.
 If you would like tickets for that, get in there fast because it's a pretty small venue,
 and we're not announcing it to the main feed for a little while.
 This is just for you, Club Fishers.
 If you go to nosichthingsandfish.com/ri, you'll be able to get details for that show.
 Anyway, enough about the future.
 It's all about the present, and this week's show with MelanieBraySwell, so really help
 you enjoy it, and all that's left to say is on with the podcast!
 Hello, and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast this
 week coming to you from four undisclosed locations around the globe.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I am sitting here with Andrew Hunter Murray, James Harkin, a special guest.
 It's MelanieBraySwell, and once again, we have gathered around the microphones with our
 four favorite facts from the last seven days, and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, and that is Mel.
 My fact this week is that a congested tunnel in Australia has installed moving lights
 that you race against, and it has helped reduce stop, start traffic by 70%.
 And I drive this tunnel frequently.
 Do you, and you've done the racing against the lights?
 Yeah, I mean, when I say race, I don't think that's what you're actually supposed to do.
 It's what I do, but it's essentially, it keeps pace with kind of the slowest traffic in
 the tunnel.
 Therefore, the pace is consistent, and people aren't driving super fast, and then stopping,
 and then driving, and then stopping, because that's what causes traffic.
 I had a look at it, and from the look of it, I mean, I haven't driven it obviously, but
 it looks like a ring of light around the edge of the tunnel, which sort of pulses through
 the tunnel, and you drive level with that ring.
 Is that right?
 As it moves.
 Yeah, so if you look in your lesson right, there's sort of these green lines that you are
 trying to keep pace with, and it feels really bad when one of the green lines overtakes
 you.
 Maybe it would have been better, like, it doesn't have to be lights, right?
 I thought about like a Pac-Man coming and trying to do something really good.
 Oh, yes.
 But once you see it in your review, hang on, you're the ghost.
 Yeah, you're the ghost in this situation.
 Well, maybe, wait a minute, you're the Pac-Man, and that's the ghost, the ghost is chasing
 it.
 It's too, we can't have a, like, you're the baddie in this situation.
 I caused a collision, but I didn't get a high score.
 Can you eat the strawberry turn around, and then you can drive backwards through the
 tunnel, that's right, yeah, yeah.
 So from the sound of it, the problem is that people drive downhill into the tunnel, they
 drive a longer tunnel, and then they drive up on the way out, but they slow down on the
 way up, because they don't really register that there's an uphill slope on the way out.
 So naturally, you just slow down, and that causes a ripple effect going all the way back
 through the tunnel, and then everyone slows down.
 Yeah, and so since this has been installed, there's been a 17% increase in speed.
 When there is traffic, it returns to the normal speed, 95% faster compared to before that
 installed.
 It's really good.
 They heard there's, like, a lot less breakdowns as well, because usually trucks are, like,
 stopping and starting with their brakes, but when they're not using their brakes as much,
 there's less things that can go wrong.
 So they're breaking up.
 I thought you meant emotional breakdowns, and that too.
 Can I just quickly say, this is an absolute nightmare, though, for a super villain to hack,
 and then set the lights going to 200 miles an hour.
 Wow, that is a great, that is a great plot, any super villain's listening.
 But then the police can kind of slow them right down when they're doing the chase, can't
 they?
 Yes.
 I hadn't thought of that.
 James, let's talk scripts later, but I think we're all just up again.
 So this is a tunnel in Melbourne, and James, you just mentioned about trucks stopping
 and starting.
 Truck seemed to be a big problem for tunnels in Australia, generally, and there were
 a few management systems have been put in place to help them.
 So the Sydney Harbor Tunnel.
 They have a system in place for trucks that are constantly ignoring signs that say, your
 truck may be too high, stop if you are at this high, and they'll get to the entrances of
 this tunnel.
 They'll crash in, stuck, right?
 So this new system is in place there, a sheet like a waterfall will go over the front
 of the tunnel, and then they laser project a giant stop sign onto the waterfall.
 So it's literally in front of them, and you can't ignore it.
 You have to stop.
 Oh, it's like a log flume.
 I love that.
 You'd be like, ah, no, it's a truck.
 It's going to move at the last second.
 If I've seen any cartoons, and I have, I know I'll get through here.
 Are you saying that that exists, Stan, Sydney?
 In the Sydney Harbor Tunnel, and quite a few other tunnels.
 Yeah.
 So it literally has an emergency moment.
 Oh, man.
 You want to see it though, but the only way to do it is that you have a truck too high.
 Honestly, next time we're in Australia, I have hired in a truck, and I have fly
 in towards that tunnel.
 Yeah.
 I'm very tall.
 I should just get like, just stand on top of a car and make it happen.
 So do you ever drive around in Queensland, Mel?
 Not often.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 It's a big country, Andy.
 No further questions.
 Well, it's not where I live, so if I was to go to Queensland, I'd be more likely to order
 a can.
 Okay.
 So you don't do interstate trucking in Queensland.
 There's what I'm doing.
 Not so much these days.
 That is shame because if you do, the highways are basically a large, slow pub quiz.
 So Queensland is seven times as high as the UK, just for context.
 And you know, you get people driving, do you get the road trains?
 Do you get those in Queensland?
 I think you might do.
 Anyway.
 What?
 I'm sorry, Andy.
 Andy, Andy.
 It's a road track.
 Yeah.
 You just put two words together that don't really fit together.
 It's like a convoy of trucks.
 And you, you know, it's halfway between just normal logistics and Mad Max, because you're driving
 across Australia with a load of trucks and it's a road train.
 Anyway, if you're a trucker in Australia, in a road train or out, it's obviously really
 boring and there are long stretches of just nothing for ages and ages and ages.
 And so you have to keep drivers engaged.
 And so Queensland's authorities have put a pub quiz basically on the signs around
 the state.
 So you will see a sign saying, which animal is the fastest on earth?
 And then like five miles later, you'll see a sign saying, it's the Paragram Falcon when
 it's diving.
 Is it, it counts as on earth if it's diving?
 It's a good point.
 No, you're right, James.
 I mean, Quibble, do right in, too.
 Okay.
 Well, the next sign says, no, no, we do realise that it's not actually on the earth.
 No, okay.
 Let's have another couple just to see if you're as smart as a road train captain.
 What is the coldest town in Queensland?
 It'll be like Wollongong or something like somewhere south.
 Well, no.
 Is it right?
 No.
 Oh, of course.
 This is around the world.
 It'll be screaming, screaming at their phones.
 Okay.
 And the last one, when is rabbit breeding season?
 Oh, it's, that's all the time in Australia, isn't it?
 Oh, yeah.
 Correct.
 Oh, yeah.
 Trick question.
 I'd be so pissed off after five miles if I heard, kind of by a trick question.
 Beautiful.
 Yeah.
 It's, um, the roads in Australia are pretty mental.
 The, um, the longest road in the world is the one that goes round Australia.
 Highway one.
 Oh.
 It's 9,000 miles long.
 And if instead of putting it all the way around Australia, they decided to go from Perth
 outwards, they could have got all the way to London.
 Stop it.
 Whoa.
 That's, why didn't they?
 They should remember that.
 Fools.
 The flights are so tedious.
 I could just have 15,000 pub trivia questions.
 I, it would be done in no time.
 No, the scale is mad, isn't it?
 It is.
 Because if you, if you break down as well in 2017, there was a tradesman who crashed his car
 out in the outback on one of these roads.
 And the closest help he could get was I believe 150 kilometers away, which he had to walk.
 So he did.
 Yeah.
 So he did this walk, survived initially on water, had to start drinking his own urine, um,
 and finally got found after he'd walked about 100 or 120 kilometers.
 So he only had like 30 to go before he could have rocked up to this town going.
 You won't believe what I did.
 Please.
 I'm so thirsty.
 Can a, can a very oversized truck go through this tunnel?
 Right?
 Have you, so, Mel, have you heard of the outback way?
 Because I don't know if this is the road you're talking about just there, Dan.
 So this is, it's a series of roads and it runs from the middle of Western Australia to
 the middle of Queensland.
 So that is over two and a half thousand kilometers, it's really long.
 Um, I think much of it is not paved and a lot of it you need permission to go over, um,
 and some bits are just for remote indigenous communities.
 And it's known as the world's longest shortcut because it does technically shave time off
 your roof, if you are as opposed to going up and then right around highway one that James
 was talking about.
 But it was made by this guy called Len Bidell.
 Is he a house or daim in Australia, Mel?
 Oh, Len Bidell.
 He started a limb.
 Okay.
 Oh, man.
 Did he win, uh, dancing with his stars this year?
 Oh, man.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 So it's not a house or a name, but he's just an amazing guy.
 So he, he wrote a lot of books about his time.
 He just made roads all his life and his books include beating about the bush too long in
 the bush, still in the bush, blast the bush and bush bashers.
 And um, he named them all after members of his family.
 So there's the Gary highway.
 There's the conny suit highway.
 The bugs were named after the members of his family.
 This one's after my daughter Bush, Bidell, um, but the amazing thing about him was he was
 also a bush dentist, right?
 So he knew that he was going to be out with a road building crew for ages.
 So he took a course in tooth extraction in case anyone got a toothache, you know, because
 obviously you're hundreds of miles from the nearest dentist.
 So by the time that he and his crew had finished the gun barrel highway, which was his first
 really long road, uh, he'd taken 29 teeth from his crew.
 Wow.
 That's stunning.
 Wow.
 Those can't all have been necessary.
 Yeah.
 I think he's gone.
 I've got the qualification.
 I'll be stupid if I don't use them.
 I had a fact for James actually on this one.
 So there's a road in Australia, which James would probably find so attractive.
 Any pictures from the other two as to why?
 Oh, because you can play.
 It's got golf holes.
 Oh.
 It's gone way through.
 I mean.
 Am I that one?
 I bet you still has a character.
 Sorry, James.
 I'm so sorry, James.
 But the, is it pronounced Nalaba?
 No.
 Nalaba plain.
 Nalaba links.
 And you're right.
 No, it James.
 Nalaba means no trees, right?
 It does.
 It does.
 It's also a good place to play golf.
 Oh.
 There's no trees.
 But also Andy.
 Yeah.
 Mal is a New Zealander who's just emigrated to Australia.
 Give her a break.
 You know.
 I don't know.
 What's the warmest town in Western Australia now?
 What is the name of Len Bdell's upcoming book?
 Because we all know it.
 I'm so sorry about it.
 You're right.
 You're right.
 You're right.
 That famous bush-debtist we all talk about.
 So the Nalaba links is the world's longest golf course.
 It's 850 miles long.
 Oh.
 Is it like 18 holes or is it?
 I believe it's still 18 holes, but they are spread out.
 Oh, I see.
 So you play one hole and then you drive 100 miles to the next one.
 You can walk, but you're going to need to drink a lot of your own wee on the way.
 You played golf with me before.
 Do you guys know who doesn't have issues with traffic?
 Oh.
 And.
 Have you guys talked about this before?
 There's a study that they did in 2019 looking at the way that ants move because they do follow
 sort of roads leading from food back to their colonies because they lead these sort of chemical
 trails and they found that even with a lot of congestion, the ants never had any trouble
 with traffic or build up.
 And I love the way that they did this study, which is they made tiny little bridges for
 ants and increased the width of the bridge or narrowed the width of the bridge and found
 that they would find alternative routes or they would kind of move in this kind of constant
 state of travel and they had no traffic issues.
 And that means the problem with traffic is just us.
 If we all just drove at a constant speed and had an eye out for each other, then we'd all
 be better off.
 That's really wise, Mel.
 And I think actually what I try and say sometimes is I don't say I'm sorry I'm late.
 I was in traffic.
 I say I'm sorry I'm late.
 I was traffic.
 Wow.
 You know what I mean?
 It's so beautiful.
 Yeah.
 He's really cool to work with Mel.
 That's a shame you don't get to experience these day to day, absolute zingers when he walks
 in.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two.
 And well, actually, because she sent in so many great facts, we're going to go and give
 her another fact.
 First time we've ever done this.
 Oh my gosh.
 It's time for fact number two.
 And that is Mel.
 Wow.
 Oh my gosh.
 I'm flattered.
 The fact this week is New Zealand decides new laws to debate and Parliament by pulling them
 at random out of a 30-year-old biscuit tin.
 So that's amazing.
 Yeah.
 It's true love that.
 What I thought when I heard this a while ago was that they pulled the actual bills out,
 but they have numbered tokens, numbered one through 90.
 And they are assigned to a specific, a specific bill.
 Very important bills were pulled from this.
 Game average was pulled from this.
 Really?
 Euthanasia was pulled from this.
 It's surreal.
 There's a lot of significant stuff in this biscuit tin.
 I know.
 Exactly.
 Probably the theory that no biscuit tin contains biscuits.
 It's like sewing supplies or laws.
 You know?
 Yummy biscuit.
 I know.
 It's the water care amendment bill.
 New Zealand is often a socially progressive country and a few things have passed there ahead
 of the world.
 And it sounds like it was because of the biscuit tin and having this system, these things might
 not otherwise have come up.
 It's not every law.
 It's not, it's basically ones that are presented by maybe some minor parties that don't have
 the floor.
 I see.
 It would be insane.
 It would be insane to have every law, like just incredibly aside from the biscuit tin.
 Oh, murder's legal in New Zealand because it hasn't come out of the biscuit tin yet.
 Sorry.
 That's what the lucky dip says.
 Murderousness.
 There's some stuff lurking in there.
 So I think it's, I think that's right.
 It's called a members bill.
 I know.
 I think Britain has an equivalent in, we have one in our parliament.
 A private members bill is the British equivalent.
 So if it's not part of the agenda, but you're passionate about it and it's a cause that
 you believe in.
 One thing that's interesting, I think, is that in the past, obviously this biscuit tin
 has only existed for 30 years or had this role for 30 years.
 It might pre-existed.
 I don't know.
 Before that, you would have a bit of time when you can have these special members bills
 and to decide which laws you would debate, you would basically have to get to the clerk first.
 So they would say, okay, Thursday we've got a bit of time, we're going to do this and
 everyone would leg it to the clerk saying, I want my Lauren, I want my Lauren, or they
 would even queue up overnight, like they were trying to get tickets for Wimbledon or something
 just so that they could get their law debated.
 Because would they ever, would the, did you say it was the clerk you needed to find?
 Yeah, that's right.
 Would he, or should he ever hide and it's kind of, if you find the clerk?
 There's a thing in the UK here that I'm sure James, you and Andy will know about, but the
 division bell for UK Parliament, which is also to do with voting.
 So if a vote needs to happen and there's a division, this bell goes off, which gives
 MPs eight minutes to get there to register their vote.
 But because people are so spread out, division bells are all over Westminster.
 So some local pubs will have division bells, or there will be a direct phone call to a
 landlord to ring a particular bell, or it'll be in cafes and so everywhere.
 So you'll be sitting maybe in a pub, a lot of MPs having a pint of beer, this bell goes
 off and they'll just bolt out of there to get back to vote.
 Is that still true, Andy?
 I thought they might have changed the pub one a few years ago.
 I don't know.
 I think the red line is a pub.
 Yeah, yeah.
 I don't know if it's still there.
 The plan was to start phasing it out of pubs in 2021, but I think yeah, there's possible
 that there might be a few, but there's 384 division bells, let's say, before the phase
 out.
 Yeah.
 This is having a bat signal.
 Basically, it's what it is, isn't it?
 Like it's just, but you need to just need to go vote on a lot.
 Like it's an unsexy bat signal.
 But it is cool.
 Yeah.
 On pubs and Parliament, New Zealand Parliament has a pub now.
 It did have a pub.
 It was closed down.
 The pub is reopened.
 It's called pint of order, and I think it's great.
 And on the wall of the pub is the first sort of, they say proper bill to be passed by a newly
 independent Parliament, so not under the colonial governorship.
 And it was for allowing Parliament to circumvent the liquor laws.
 That was the first thing we wanted to do.
 That was the first pint of order.
 Yeah, put that bill in the biscuit tin at 90 times.
 So we've just talked about the French Parliament.
 That is shaped.
 So the British Parliament is two benches, and the one side is on the left and one side is
 on the right, and they argue.
 I can't remember what the New Zealand one is, but the French one is like a semicircle.
 And the reason it is that is it's based on the School of Surgery in Paris.
 It was a place where you would cut up bodies, and everyone had to have a good view of you
 cutting up the bodies.
 And then they chose the Parliament to be based on that, which I think is really cool.
 And there is one country in the world that has their Parliament in the shape of an Athletic
 Stadium.
 Can you guess which it is?
 Yes, yes.
 Yes, yes.
 Is this an especially athletic country?
 Maybe.
 You've got a guess.
 Okay, so a load of Olympic long distance runners are from Kenya, aren't they?
 So I'm going to say Kenya.
 But they don't.
 Is it somewhere in like South America or something?
 You have loads of them, but like long distance runners often aren't in the stadium.
 They're running like marathon running, or 10k is outside the stadium.
 That's a really important thing.
 Okay.
 So who runs in a stadium?
 It's just sprinters.
 Keep going.
 Do you say in bold?
 Yeah, who is from?
 Jamaica.
 Jamaica?
 Well done.
 Yes.
 Oh.
 On the shoulders of giants.
 I was using a tailwind, yeah.
 So Jamaica, I've got an Athletic Stadium shaped Parliament.
 That's great.
 Wow.
 Does it?
 When you say Athletic Stadium shaped, is there a bit in the middle where you get to
 throw the tablet?
 What?
 Yeah.
 What does that mean?
 It's just because there are nine countries in the world with circular chambers.
 There's quite a lot of them.
 We've got hemispheres like France and like the European Parliament.
 A lot of got the same as the British Parliament.
 But theirs is kind of an elongated circle.
 That's great.
 Right.
 That's really good.
 There's a thing that happened in Australia a number of years ago, about 20 years ago now,
 which is that the Parliament banned all the security staff from saying, "Good, I mate."
 When people walked in, they were like, "Mate, mate is not a word that we want to be encouraging
 when George Bush is walking through our doors."
 And then Prime Minister John Howard would often call Bush mate.
 It was just, we don't like this word.
 So security staff were told, "You can't do it anymore."
 And the ban lasted less than 24 hours because Australians said, "No way, mate."
 It was just like, "Are you kidding?
 That's a national pride that greeting and that word."
 Well, New Zealand has a list of words that they've deemed unparliamentary.
 So these are words that are insulting or unbecoming and had to be retracted.
 In 1949, the phrase, "His brains could revolve inside a pen-ut shell for a thousand years without touching the sides."
 Had to be retracted, it was deemed unparliamentary.
 "Energy of a tired snail returning home from a funeral."
 That was 1963, that was deemed unparliamentary.
 And this phrase, I feel like I just want to say it on my day today.
 This is 1946.
 "Idle vaporings of a mind diseased."
 Oh, my goodness.
 So mysterious.
 Sick bird.
 I found a great little nugget, which is that our UK Parliament, they have their own internal library.
 Back in 2013, they looked into the list of the most borrowed books from this library.
 The number one most borrowed book from Parliament's library was a book called "How to Be an MP."
 For dummies?
 Yeah, exactly.
 It was a self-help book and it had like, amazing chapters called, you know, "How to dilute boredom.
 How to write an abusive letter."
 Yeah, how to convince voters that MPs never stop working.
 How to climb the greasy pole.
 Things like that.
 Previously, for five years, there was another book that was the number one most borrowed
 book.
 And that was called, sorry.
 "How to borrow a book."
 Yeah, that one was called "How Parliament Works."
 That was the previous, yeah, most borrowed book.
 Speaking of libraries, actually, the New Zealand Parliament has a library.
 And in 1968, there was a big storm that hit Wellington, who's a really famous one, some
 boats capsized and stuff, so it was really, really bad.
 But the water from the storm surge started going towards the Parliament and the people
 working there thought we need to get the books out of here.
 So they took all the books and they took them onto the roof to keep them away from the water.
 And this is according to a tour guide, whom does a tour of the New Zealand Parliament.
 And they say, "For mysterious and unknown reasons, they did this in their underwear."
 And I can't work out why if you're going to take books out of a library and put them
 on a roof, you would do it in your underwear.
 No one explained why, no one says there's no written record of her.
 There had been a big storm, but it was a storm surge, which can come after the rain, so
 I don't know if it was raining or not.
 I think that makes sense, because you don't want to get your clothes, if the storm surge
 arrives and you're in your heavy, heavy cotton ruffles or your wool, then it's good you're
 going to get seriously weighed down.
 That's true.
 So they took the books on the roof, you say?
 On the roof, yeah, which suggests that it might not have been raining at that point.
 Yeah, okay, yeah, okay, right, right, right.
 And also Andy, whenever it rains, do you just get completely naked?
 Not completely, but I think it's good.
 Sometimes if you've got a job to do in the rain, it's actually better to have fewer clothes
 on.
 It's like how if you're dealing with a pest or an invasive animal in your home, like a mouse
 or whatever, you don't want to get it.
 You don't want to get it.
 You don't want to get it out.
 Of course.
 Can I please finish?
 I don't want that mouse crawling up my trouser leg.
 I'd rather see it on my leg.
 Do you know what I'm saying?
 No, not really.
 I know, but keep going.
 Keep going.
 Look, it's more upsetting to have a ferret in your trouser leg than it is to have a ferret
 on your bare leg.
 That's all I'm saying.
 This is why you were kicked out of that petting zoo.
 I've just got one thing about biscuit tins.
 Oh, yeah.
 I think I found the third most valuable biscuit tin ever, which I know, the sold in 2019,
 it was from about 1910, beautiful biscuit tin, shaped like a bus, lovely.
 Any guesses as to how much it went forward auction?
 Is there any reason why it was particularly expensive, just a nice and historic thing?
 Just nice.
 I don't think it wasn't a celebrity one, it wasn't historical.
 200 quid?
 3,100.
 Oh, thank God you didn't ask me for mine.
 I was cool.
 I was cool.
 Really overshoot it.
 Well, Dan, do you want to have another crack at the value of the second most valuable biscuit
 tin ever?
 1.5 mil.
 Great.
 Thanks, Dan.
 Thanks a bunch for absolutely torpedoing my fun game.
 Mel, would you like to guess, maybe a sensible guess, as the value of the second most expensive
 biscuit tin that I've been able to find?
 Let's say 800.
 Thank you.
 Thanks.
 How much was the first one?
 It was 3,100.
 So, Mel, you have low ball bit rather given that this is more valuable than that.
 We know that.
 It's quite reasonable.
 Less valuable.
 No, this is the second.
 That was the third most valuable.
 This is the second most.
 We're going uphill for some jeopardy, Mel.
 Actually, I did not say the currency, but it doesn't help, but I didn't say the currency.
 I was saying.
 I was saying Bitcoin.
 I said yes.
 You know, I'm a Bitcoin, exactly.
 Okay.
 I got for one bit, coin, but how much do they worth, that 80 grand loads?
 This is more.
 Oh, thankfully.
 No, this was an island of man-man who was caught with 150 grams worth of heroin in a biscuit
 tin.
 I can't wait a minute, I don't need.
 How much of that value is the biscuit tin without the tin, it's worth nothing.
 So, you're on a, what I did was I paid 150 grand for a biscuit tin.
 I didn't know what was going to be in there.
 And then the most valuable biscuit tin ever, that I've been able to find.
 Okay.
 So, inside it was Hitler's apology for the second world war.
 You're so close.
 There is a second world war link.
 You're so close.
 Wait, so is British tin?
 Is the tin the valuable item here or is the item inside it?
 I think we've worked out that the tin is irrelevant to the recall price of it.
 Okay.
 I'll go 1.5, Mel.
 This is a really interesting episode of antics roadshow.
 I love it.
 1.5, Mel, let's go to Mel.
 Dan, would you like to completely nuke the game again by guessing like 300 billion quid
 or something?
 No.
 17 million.
 Do you know what?
 I think it might be more than that.
 What?
 I think that's priceless.
 Oh.
 Okay.
 In the second world war.
 So, I wouldn't have been nuking the game, it would have been pretty accurate.
 I think that's what we've worked out.
 Why haven't I been asked to quiz, and please, no one ever let Andy write the quiz questions
 for those long roads in Australia, because I swear to God, I'd be crashing my car and drinking
 my piss before I needed to see another question.
 You're like, you've done the first one.
 Okay.
 Now, the seventh most valuable biscuit tin as far as we know.
 And again, I'm afraid I have to say allegedly for this one, but allegedly, allegedly during
 the second world war, the crown jewels themselves were kept in a biscuit tin and berries.
 They said it was got a kiss, got a kiss.
 I was going to say, silly, no, it doesn't mean anything now that you've already seen it.
 No, it's...
 In fact, I think it's pretty well sourced.
 They were kept in a biscuit tin at Windsor Castle, and it was buried on Castle Grounds,
 and they were the most precious jewels from the Imperial State Crown, and they were
 in a tin, just in case.
 Very nice.
 There you go.
 So, one came to steal some cookies, the cookie monster.
 Oh, damn.
 These are useless.
 Okay.
 It is time for fact number three, and oh, do you know it, it's a male again.
 Well, my fact this week, guys, is that a man in New Zealand was reunited with his work
 swipe card, 21 years after losing it in Wellington.
 It was found by researchers in Antarctica.
 And that is a really long way.
 That is a really long way.
 Thousand miles?
 That's...
 You've come up with another game.
 So, this story is...
 This is actually a music producer on it, RNZ, the public radio broadcaster.
 In 2003, David McCaw lost his card, which gave him access to the Wellington Town Hall.
 And he had his briefcase in his car, and someone saw it, broken, took the briefcase.
 A few days later, the police found the briefcase.
 It was sopping wet, and everything, there was a few things inside, but his work swipe card
 was missing from the briefcase.
 And then fast forward to 2016, about 20 kilometres north of Scottbase in Antarctica, which is the
 New Zealand sort of research facility in Antarctica, Rod Bud was diving, and he found this
 swipe card under the ocean.
 And thought, "Oh, that's interesting, that doesn't often see weird objects down there,"
 and so he took it, and saw that it said Radio New Zealand on it, so then figured it must
 be someone who's visited Scottbase, didn't think anything of it to sort of set it aside
 for eight years, and it wasn't until they were like, "Hold on, this guy, they got in touch
 with him, he's never been to Antarctica."
 That's when they went, "Oh, this is so strange."
 So question, could it have been that the person who broke into his car was a scientist?
 So there's some theories, they don't have a concrete answer, no one's come forward saying,
 "I'm the scientist who broke into his car," but it goes against the natural ocean currents,
 and less one theory is that it hitched it right on something buoyant, so it sort of followed
 the surface ocean currents that are a little bit more malleable, or someone who happened
 to visit Scottbase somehow had a swipe card.
 I guess one more question, sorry done, did it still work?
 That's what I wanted to know as well, so I tend to email him, I'd be like, "Doesn't
 still work?"
 I don't think so.
 I'd be waiting at the barriers for 21 years.
 Honestly, I feel like I've been at work and I've left my job, and they've turned off my
 swipe card before I've even finished for the day, so.
 I swear, I've been in hotels and they've made a swipe card, and by the time I got to my
 room it didn't work.
 Right, yeah. Mell, you sent around a link about this story as a source of it, and it just
 has such a terrific opening line.
 It kicks off, "You've heard of finding a needle in a haystack, but what about finding
 a swipe card in the vast expanse of the world's oceans?"
 What a good saying.
 It's so true.
 We'll probably never know, right?
 As in he said, he wants to know.
 I don't think we'll live a no, but it's just one of those crazy coincidences.
 We'll lose something in for it to come back into your life, but through very odd means.
 Yeah, it would have been interesting for it to come through the currents, because like you
 say, Mell, I don't think that's kind of how the currents go around there.
 In fact, there is one current that goes all the way around Antarctica.
 That is the reason that you get penguins all over the continent, because penguins originally
 came from New Zealand, and then they kind of penguins really use the currents to swim,
 but they reckon that the reason you find them all over Antarctica is because they go in this
 sort of lazy river that goes all the way around the continent.
 Once that you find like in the north, up near the Galapagos Islands, that's when the current
 has got a little bit slower and sort of flung them off to the north.
 It is fascinating, isn't it?
 It's sort of nature's travelator where you can lose your energy levels, jump into that,
 and get there faster than if you were actually swimming, and dolphins will actually swim on
 the edge of currents when they just want that extra little bounce as they're going along.
 The way scientists study them is also unbelievably interesting.
 This one you're talking about, James, the Antarctic Circumpolar Current, the ACC.
 I think it might be the largest current on Earth, and scientists want to know when it started,
 because it's incredibly useful for various things like climate science, and that one is
 so cool because it's like a buffer between the warmer waters to the north and the very cold
 Antarctic waters to the south.
 It's like an elastic band all the way around, and scientists are trying to work out when
 it began, and so what they're using is fossilised fish teeth from 50 million years ago, because
 you can detect from fossilised teeth what the water column was like.
 Was it Pacific or Antarctic water in that location at that time, because you can date the water
 and you can track the location.
 It's so cool.
 It's so cool.
 It's so cool.
 It's so cool.
 It's so cool.
 It's so cool.
 It's so cool.
 It's so cool.
 It's so cool.
 I'm so happy.
 Let me know.
 Let me know.
 Let me know.
 I can't believe I forgot.
 Let me know.
 I can't believe I forgot.
 Let me know.
 I can't believe I forgot.
 I can't believe I forgot.
 Let me know.
 Let me know.
 Let me know.
 Let me know.
 Let me know.
 Let me know.
 Let me know.
 Let me know.
 I can't believe I forgot.
 Let me know.
 Let me know.
 Let me know.
 Let me know.
 Let me know.
 Let me know.
 Let me know.
 I can't believe I forgot.
 Let me know.
 Let me know.
 Let me know.
 And probably they were attached to one stage and then when they opened up suddenly there was a chance for this current to go all the way around because all of the currents eventually they hit a bit of flan mass.
 But this one doesn't, this one you can just once you get stuck in it you're there forever.
 That's so interesting.
 Have you guys talked about the Ivalor all before on the podcast?
 This is a cargo ship in 1992 that was containing bath toys that got into some stormy water.
 Knocked over, knocked all of the containers into the ocean and these bath toys.
 They've washed up all over the world and researchers have gone this is an amazing opportunity.
 They've been able to track the ocean currents using these little rubber duckies because some would end up in England and some would end up in New Zealand and they would be able to chart.
 They were like we wouldn't want to pollute the ocean on purpose but this is a happy thing to come out of this.
 If you find one of those by the way, probably I would say according to my research the most expensive bath toys you can get.
 So I wonder if anyone would like to guess.
 James, don't do it.
 200 quid for a duck.
 5 million pounds.
 That's pretty close I guess.
 Now they kind of collect his items now there's like a few different people who collect them so when one comes on the market they all try and bid for it but quite often they find them and they're not the right ones because they all have special sort of barcodes on them so you know they're from this particular ship.
 But of course if you get a little tie on a beach that could have come from anywhere right.
 So every now and then you get new stories saying oh another one of these rubber ties has come up and then everyone gets really excited and it turns out it's just something someone's left at the beach.
 I mean if I found out that people were paying a thousand quid for a rubber duck I would I would try quite hard to forge.
 I'd flood eBay immediately.
 But there's not that just that there was also 4.8 million Lego pieces that were dropped by another boat 34,000 hockey gloves that were dropped by another boat and thousands of Tommy Pickles cartoon heads that were dropped from another boat and they're all being sort of measured by these oceanographers.
 This is too suspicious that these are all little floating things. I feel like scientists driving jet skis into cargo ships. Oh I guess we get some information.
 Do you know my favorite currents are when they take people in boats and put them hundreds of miles away from where they're meant to be.
 Those great those great stories you know when they survive their wonderful stories give us one that I'd not really aware of this is a Lenby Dells.
 No you know you know two people were out at sea and a canoe and a current came and it took them and they were found hundreds of miles out drinking their own piss and so on all that stuff.
 So you brought these facts to the table now. So 2011 two guys who were from the Pacific nation of Kiribats were out at sea.
 They were ironically driving to get gas when they ran out of it and their GPS system was down and so they just floated off and they disappeared and they were out at sea for ages and ages until.
 They eventually 600 kilometers from home rocked up against a little at all so they were safe they were able to get food and so on but one of the guys discovered his long lost uncle who who had been missing for 50 years.
 Who had a lot of things to get stuck on in this fact but one that's throwing me is would you say it's ironic to run out of fuel when you're on your way to go get fuel I would say that's most likely time you would run out of fuel.
 That's a good point so maybe it wasn't the fuel situation maybe the GPS went down and that they just so wandered off.
 I'm sorry 50 years ago this guy's uncle clearly flees his old life and maybe some debts we don't know.
 And then is in theory this good tin in a dream.
 Because he must have felt absolutely busted when he saw his long lost nephew turning up floating slowly towards him saying Uncle Mike.
 He's going to no hide hide hide hide behind that tree go to the other side of the at all the fuck sake.
 Okay, here's one more quiz just because they've got all gone so well so far.
 The fastest ocean current on earth is it faster or slower than the world's fastest running insect.
 Oh gosh.
 What's the fastest running insect is that's the Australian tiger beetle Andy as well you should know sorry.
 And the fastest current is the Florida current which is the beginning of the Gulf Stream.
 Okay.
 I think the current is faster than the beetle.
 Okay, Dan.
 Beetle faster than the current.
 Andy not got many options left.
 I think they go at the same speed.
 You're correct.
 They both go at 5.6 miles per hour.
 Oh you groups.
 I knew if it's a hawking quiz there's a sting in the tail.
 Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show and oh guys.
 What an admin cock up this is now somehow it is you again.
 How okay I feel like I need to make it clear this is not my idea.
 I'm not common during the podcast but my fact this week is that the Australian Bureau of Statistics have revealed that 3.14% of bakers are women living in South Australia which they released as a pie graph about people who make pies including the number pie.
 And that's my fact. I'm leaving now. That's the best fact. That's the end of this podcast now. You can't beat that fact.
 Is it 3.14% of Australian bakers are women in South Australia?
 Yes.
 I think it's 3.14% of bakers are women living in South Australia.
 It's got to be.
 That's an enormous amount of bakers. Just in South Australia. It's not a huge place.
 They must have really had to talk to the figures to get.
 It feels very much like a hawking fact where they've got right. We need to get to 3.14%.
 I think you might be right.
 How many decimal places did they do it to?
 Is it like pie and how many decimal places did they do it to?
 The number of bakers are South Australia women. This comes from the Australian Bureau of Statistics as I said.
 They just released fun little graphs and I followed them on Facebook and I thought it looked fun.
 That's my research guys. It's basically me.
 But I love pie in all forms.
 When I was at school, it was written on the walls all around my maths class.
 And so I learnt 50 digits or so just from yeah, it was me and my friend would compete over how many we could 50 digits.
 It's pretty impressive. That's a lot.
 Can anyone beat that on this call? James, have you got a memory of pie?
 I could do probably five or six.
 Right. Do you think so, Mel? Do you think you could still do the 50?
 I could, but I don't know if it's an impressive thing to do on a podcast.
 We got time to fail.
 I could close my eyes and do it.
 Anything to stop Andy from another biscuit please.
 I just want someone to randomly tune into this part of the podcast and be like, what is going on?
 Okay, you ready?
 Does anyone have pie up on screen? I mean, we can get it.
 I've got it. I've got it here. I'll give you one three number, mouth three.
 Oh crap. You've thrown me.
 Okay, three point one four one five nine two six five three five eight nine seven nine three two three eight four six two six four three three eight three two
 seven nine five eight four one nine seven one six nine three nine three seven five one five eight two zero nine.
 Fucking hell.
 Thank you.
 It sounds impressive, but if you think it's just like if you learned ten phone numbers, you can remember things.
 That was insanely impressive.
 I've got to say the number after the nine is a seven, so you should have rounded that up really.
 Oh, sh*t, sh*t.
 Okay, I'll think you've got 55.
 Amazing.
 Oh, yeah.
 Oh, man.
 You always want to undersell yourself.
 You've out before.
 It's not quite the world record, which is 70,000 dismal places.
 Yeah.
 That was a podcast.
 I loved listening to that.
 That was in India.
 I love the people who learn pie to that number of decimal places.
 Because I find that very interesting.
 So pie goes on forever.
 It's been calculated to 106 trillion digits, but actually NASA only bothers with pie to 15 decimal places.
 So all these people letting it to 70,000 places, NASA even don't bother with that.
 So I read a great piece by someone from the Jet Propulsion Lab at NASA, Mark Raymond.
 He said, "Look, if you calculate Earth's circumference from pie to 15 decimal places, and then you use pie to hundreds of decimal places,
 the distance between your two calculations would be 130,000th the width of a human hair.
 So for all practical calculations, like if you're landing a rocket, you simply don't need pie to more than 15 decimal.
 That is accurate in any real world calculation."
 Not every rocket launch is successful though.
 Maybe Elon Musk is only using like three on his rocket launch.
 So pie day is a very big thing.
 I don't know if you celebrate it, Mel, but March 14th.
 One of the people who were championed on that day is Albert Einstein, because he was born March 14th.
 And so I looked to see if there are any other great mathematicians who were associated with pie day, went through a big old list, couldn't find any.
 But, well, there's other people, but I hadn't heard of them.
 I was going for big, big time names, so I had to shift.
 So other people born on pie day include Mrs. Beaton, who had a lot of pie recipes in her book.
 That's great. Very good.
 And then the only other one who really caught my attention was Chris Klein, star of American pie.
 Oh my god, that's pretty good.
 Very good. We've known about pie since at least 1,550 BC.
 There's a papyrus, called the Rhine papyrus, which was written by someone called Ahmos.
 And it gives like a puzzle of calculating the size of a circle, if you know, like the size of a square around it.
 And it doesn't say, doesn't use the letter pie or anything like that, but it basically gives us the answer to the question.
 And they work out the pies around 3.16, which is not bad for 4,000 years ago.
 Should we say what pie is?
 Oh, yeah. It's the ratio of the circumference to the diameter of a circle.
 So it's a constant, because that ratio is always the same.
 So if you take any circle and you measure the distance all the way around it,
 and then you divide it by the longest line, you can draw in it, then you will get 3.1415, blah, blah, blah.
 And the way they calculated it back in the day was to, so this scribe put a circle in a square.
 And then our comedies improved on that. He put the circle in a hexagon, and then a smaller hexagon inside that.
 And you basically, the more sides on the shape that you're using in comparison with the circle, the more accurate.
 So there's a Persian mathematician called Jamshid Al-Kashi, who calculated by using a polygon of 800 million sides.
 And he worked it out to 16 decimal places. I need the accuracy that NASA has today.
 And he did that in the year 1424. Wow.
 So he had NASA level accuracy back then. I just find that stunning.
 And there's a guy called Ludolf Van Kuhlen in 1594, and he used a polygon with 32 billion sides.
 And published a value of Pi, which had 20 decimal places, and he was so proud of it. He had engraved on his tombstone.
 What? And then 50 years after he died, Isaac Newton came up with a way of working it out.
 He don't need to use polygons at all. So his was completely useless.
 Can we say who named it Pi, first of all?
 Because he's a really interesting mathematician. He's called William Jones.
 He was a Welsh mathematician in the 18th century, born on a farm, received an incredibly basic education.
 But he was a bit of a savant, and he was the first person who appreciated that Pi was irrational and non-repeating and infinite.
 And he named it Pi after the Greek letter. And there's a theory that it was because of periphery.
 It's about the circumference of a circle, so periphery, Greek letter Pi.
 But Jones was, for a brief spell in the English Navy, apparently as a maths teacher on a warship.
 And I can't find much more evidence about what he did.
 Sure, he's time.
 Ballistics?
 Probably ballistics, that's great.
 He also worked in cafes, like this was a thing in the 17th century. They were called known as Penny Universities.
 Basically, you go to Starbucks and there'd be a mathematician sitting in the corner and you'd pay him a penny and he would teach you some maths.
 That's so cool.
 That's a great idea. Do you know about his son? His son was, he was really interesting.
 He was part of the popularisation of the language that's now known as proto-indo-European.
 Or Pi.
 Isn't that cool? That's so cool. Yeah. Hey, check this out. I found out that there's a state, part of the Joe dynasty in China that was called Pi.
 And they existed in the year 314.
 No way.
 Yeah. That's amazing.
 It's very cool. Now Pi in Chinese, Pi, you've got two pronunciations. So I think this might be called P, like P double E.
 And isn't that how we should be pronouncing Pi anyway? Wasn't that the Greek pronunciation?
 It might be. I think it would be. Yeah.
 But that's not how we pronounce it.
 I'm now connecting the final dot to Mel's four facts that are all p-based that she has secretly snuck in.
 Have you guys ever heard of the language of Pi-lish?
 Yes. Mel's over there. This is such a... I'd never heard of this. This is such a cool way.
 It's a part of a thing that's often known as constrained writing. So when writers apply rules to themselves.
 So for example, green eggs and ham, Dr. Seuss was told 50 of the most basic words for kids can only be used.
 Or people have sometimes never used the letter E in an entire novel.
 Pi-lish, this Pi language, is when you write a piece, but you have to match the letters of each word to where the next digit in Pi is.
 So you start with "well" because that's three. Well, I.
 That's four. Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry. Sorry, sorry. How are you selling well?
 Oh, I tried it all of a sudden.
 It's out there. It doesn't even know Pi to one distance.
 I'll cover my eyes, so four points.
 Yeah, no. So let's... I mean, we all know three letter words, right? I can't think of any right now.
 I'm thinking of a few four letter words right now, though.
 Can I do another Pi mistake? Well, we're on that. So Kate Bush has a song called Pi.
 And in it, she sings the number up to the 78th decimal place.
 But then she misses out a load and then starts again on the 101st and finishes on the 137th.
 And she also gets the 54th decimal wrong.
 And then BBC show more or less the radio show who does like math stuff. They came up with a thing called the Kate Bush Conjecture.
 Because Pi is an infinitely long number and we think that it doesn't repeat itself.
 And if it doesn't repeat itself, then that means that all series of numbers are in there somewhere.
 So maybe Kate Bush was not singing it from the start. She was actually singing it from 12 trillion.
 And we just haven't got there yet. Right. Seems like a long way to go to exonerate Kate Bush.
 That's very fun. Kate Bush is also one of the books written by...
 Let me know.
 Okay, that's it. That is all of our facts. Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said over the course of this podcast,
 we can all be found on various social media accounts. I'm Shriberland on Instagram, Andy.
 I'm on Instagram @AndryHunterM. James.
 My Instagram's no such thing as James Harkin.
 And Mel.
 I'm Melanie Bracewell.
 We know that, but what's your...
 Presumably on everywhere, right? Melanie Bracewell.
 Yeah, mostly all Melodoodle.
 Anyway, you can also get through to us at podcast@ky.com. Send us emails there.
 We do a great bonus episode as part of our club fish where we read out the best of your facts and your feedback.
 Just send them and he gets all those emails. Go to our website as well.
 No such thing as a fish.com. You can check out all our upcoming live shows.
 Do come to those if you can. Otherwise, just come back here next week because we will be back with another episode.
 We'll see you then. Good-bye.
 [Music]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
