 (upbeat music)
 - Hi guys, Anna here, just before we start this show,
 I wanted to remind you that we're about to perform
 our very first ever live episode of Drop Us A Line.
 That, of course, is the super secret show
 that we mentioned a lot publicly.
 That is part of our club fish offering.
 If you want to check out some of the previous
 drop us a line episodes, please go to patreon.com/clubfish.
 Join up, and you can hear all previous drop us a lines.
 And we're so excited that we're gonna be doing a live one
 on the 12th of September, Kings Place in London,
 as part of the London podcast festival.
 It'll be at 4.30 in the afternoon.
 Please come us along, and please send in your emails
 with whatever mad, weird questions, insults, comments,
 compliments we accept all sorts.
 Send them into podcast@cui.com.
 And if you buy tickets to that show,
 please mention in your email that you've got tickets,
 and we'll be able to pull up here out of the audience,
 and force you to read aloud your email.
 Do buy tickets at nosuchthingasafish.com/live.
 If you fancy joining in the absolute chaos of our first attempt
 to record that, we can't wait.
 It's gonna be really fun.
 We always love doing it in the office.
 If only to see Andy make a complete tit of himself hosting it.
 And looking forward to doing that in the flesh.
 Okay, that's all for now.
 On with the show.
 (upbeat music)
 Hello, welcome to another episode of Little Fish L.F.
 The weekly podcast where we, the nosuchthingasafish team,
 go through the inbox, specifically Andy goes through the inbox,
 and he takes all of the greatest facts
 that you've sent us this week, and we read them out back to you.
 And they're fantastic.
 Always without fail.
 My name is Anna Toshinsky.
 I'm here with James Harkin and Andrew Hunter Murray.
 Who's gonna start?
 I'll start in 2020, all three of Scottish football team
 Russ County's goalkeepers were named Ross.
 (laughing)
 Russ Duan, Russ Leidler and Russ Munro.
 They also had a midfielder called Russ Draper
 and a striker named Ross Stuart.
 (laughing)
 I'm confusing.
 Yeah?
 Luckily, it's the surnames that go on the back of the shirts.
 But in the middle of a match,
 your panic at a shout-out ross, won't you?
 And then suddenly the goalkeepers run over to you
 and says, "What's going on?"
 You know what, in football, there's a rule
 where you're not allowed to shout my ball
 if you're gonna go to head it.
 Oh, we were always taught this at school.
 I'm not sure whether they would punish you.
 But basically, if you shout that,
 no one knows who you're talking about,
 and so you might be putting the opposition off
 and that's ungentlemanly conduct.
 What do you mean no one knows who you are at that time?
 You would say, "My ball."
 And then the defenders go, "Oh, I'm gonna leave it to my mate."
 'Cause you can imagine like a really good impressionist
 going playing a football game
 and doing an impression of the opposition players.
 Yeah.
 And then, you know, they leave the ball
 and then you jump through and score.
 So you're not really supposed to say,
 "My ball, you're supposed to say your name."
 But I wonder if everyone's called Ross,
 whether you just wouldn't be able to say Ross's ball, right?
 Yeah, that's fair enough.
 I think that's a much better version of football
 where everyone on the pitch is an impressionist
 and it's tricks to football.
 And you're blindfolded.
 So you have to judge whether the impressionist is the guy
 or is the guy.
 And the impressionist also looks like...
 (laughing)
 That's it.
 It's very hard to get the team together,
 but once you've done it, God, it's funny.
 (laughing)
 Anyway, thank you very much for that fact.
 Ross, in Sydney.
 Hey!
 Good stuff.
 Wonderful.
 Here's one from Freyabento, who signs off,
 yes, like the pie.
 Like the touted Uruguay.
 Yeah.
 But that's named after the pies.
 Or the pies named after the town.
 Pies named after the town.
 Freyabento.
 What an amazing name, unbelievable
 that your parents called you Freyabento.
 And a cool way.
 Love it.
 It's a cool way.
 Yeah, what cool parents?
 I wonder if they were huge Freyabento fans.
 In the 19th century, Glasgow's Britannia Panopticon,
 the UK's oldest wooden music hall,
 it's relevant, the wooden bit,
 went on fire, destroying the Attics Wax Museum,
 and killing possibly all of the animals in the basement zoo.
 This is not the funny bit.
 (laughing)
 The upper gallery was saved, however,
 due to the amount of people
 who pissed on the wood over the years
 whilst watching shows.
 Making it so soggy, it never caught fire.
 No.
 Wow.
 That's a good thing, yeah?
 Good fact.
 That's a good reason to urinate publicly.
 You never know when there's going to be a fire this day
 and age quite often.
 Do you know that I think it's the Yazidi people
 are not allowed to urinate onto fire
 because fire is sacred and it's like a taboo.
 I remember they had lots of strange taboos.
 So that's one of them.
 So like for the Y series of QIOs thinking like,
 Alan, who wouldn't piss on you if you were a fire.
 (laughing)
 I had got a question.
 (laughing)
 I might not get through, but...
 But there are so many answers to that question.
 (laughing)
 That was quite cool that there was a fire in a wax museum.
 So it was like an upside down candle.
 (laughing)
 If you just flipped it the other way around,
 you've just got a giant candle.
 But, didn't you say there was wax on the top floor?
 Did I make that up?
 That was in the attic.
 Yeah, the wax museum was in the attic, yeah, yeah.
 Yeah, exactly.
 So normally the fire is on top of the candle.
 Let's see.
 Do you think?
 No, that's a really cool point.
 Otherwise they set fire to your table.
 Instead of pissing it out,
 a load of people whose birthday it was
 could come up and blow it.
 (laughing)
 Lot of good ideas here.
 And here's another good fact.
 Wood related again.
 Allie Mackie says one of the oldest recorded ice cream flavors
 is wood.
 What?
 Yeah, times were tough back in the day.
 Wood.
 And Allie specifies that China's tang dynasty,
 so the seventh of the ninth centuries.
 Okay.
 So before rum raisin.
 Rum raisin was a second, actually.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Had a recorded recipe for a frozen dairy dessert
 that involved camphor wood.
 Oh yeah.
 Which actually does have a scent, scent it, doesn't it?
 So I'm not sure if they left the wood in
 once they've added the scent.
 I don't think that would be very nice.
 Camphor.
 It's very perfumey.
 And I think of it sort of as the thought,
 the thing you'd use to send a room or a car, you know?
 Yeah, and I think of it as a being a scent for a room,
 which means it would taste okay, wouldn't it?
 I know you wouldn't eat a scented candle.
 What do you talk about?
 My incense twiglets are delicious every night.
 Yum, yum, yum.
 I wonder if when you got your ice cream,
 you'd stick a piece of camphor in like a 99-flake.
 Oh yeah.
 Ice lollie, you could have the ice lollie stick.
 I think it was the lollie stick.
 It was the lollie stick.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, you wouldn't know where to stop eating with you.
 Okay, here's another one from Noah Gettle and Noah says,
 "Sorry to keep bothering you with sponge facts."
 So I assume there's been a number of emails.
 Yeah, there's bits.
 No, there's a frequent flyer in the fishing box.
 Welcome back, Noah.
 Finally, Noah, you're on the show.
 I don't know if Noah has been before.
 Everyone's here.
 But Noah mentioned that most sponges are
 viviparous, as in they give birth live, like mammals.
 But the way they fertilize their eggs
 is they eat sperm out of the water column
 and it gets shunted on a different track from the food.
 So it goes down to a different hole, basically.
 How are you doing that?
 What can you do at the wrong way?
 Can it go down the wrong way?
 Sometimes you know your food goes down the wrong way?
 I feel like it does happen.
 Yeah.
 Must.
 Sorry, some sperm went down the wrong way.
 And Noah, to get off that subject a little bit,
 says there are deep sea glass sponges
 that are apparently more than 11,000 years old.
 Jam off it.
 Older than farming.
 All about the same as farming.
 Yeah.
 About the same as the oldest cultivation of lentils.
 And the first pottery was invented around this time as well.
 And are we thinking that they were responses?
 That's the only logical conclusion, isn't it?
 I think so.
 There must be a bit of an uncertainty around on these things.
 11,000 plus or minus 3,000 years.
 Oh, OK, but even at the very youngest,
 that's 8,000 years, pretty good.
 So Noah sent us the link and I read through it.
 And basically, they took some spikules, part of a sponge.
 And they looked at the isotopes of oxygen
 and various different isotopes.
 And you can tell how old things are by using science.
 I don't really understand.
 So cool.
 Right.
 I've got another underwater one now.
 This is from Stephen L. Schesschen.
 Sorry, Stephen.
 Sorry, I've properly screwed up your sign in there.
 But it's a really cool name.
 It's all the only vowel in it is E, but there are three of them.
 That's not his fact, amazingly.
 Stephen's fact is that until 2012, half the functioning Canadian submarines
 were in a shopping mall in landlocked Edmonton, Alberta.
 This is so good.
 Basically, there was a place, the West Edmonton Mall.
 So this was a thing in the shopping mall
 called Deep Sea Adventure Lake.
 And they were real submarines that
 offered you a 20-minute submarine ride
 of the underwater artificial lake.
 You went down five meters.
 This is at the time where--
 That must have been huge this mile.
 Here's a big mall.
 They were small subs.
 The Canadian military at the time had three submarines,
 and the West Edmonton shopping mall had four submarines.
 So were they designed for the mall?
 Were they designed for the military?
 And then they were--
 No, they were designed for the-- they were never military.
 They were the first ever recreational submarines.
 There was a disaster in 1985 with one of them sank,
 but it was fine because it was a submarine.
 So what they meant to do was--
 Well, like submarines can get stuck at the bottom.
 That's very good point.
 Yeah, although this was only five meters down,
 so it was less--
 I don't think anyone ever died in the West Edmonton Mall.
 But this one's got the bends.
 Can I tell you about the coolest thing
 that I've ever been in a mall?
 Yeah.
 This is pretty cool, actually.
 So it was in China in the world's biggest mall.
 I forgot what it's called.
 I think I mentioned it here before.
 It's like the global mall or something.
 Anyway, I was in like a giant robot that was probably--
 I would say three times my height.
 And I would sit on a chair in the robot.
 And I could drive the robot around the mall.
 No, so you're up at the top of it.
 I was like in the middle, like in its tummy kind of thing.
 That's the closest any of us has been
 to living in the film Pacific Rim.
 Yeah.
 Where they're getting big robots.
 It was exactly like--
 Did you have to fight any kaiju?
 No, I chased my daughter around
 who is in a little ice cream fan.
 Camphor, or if you just want to get a camphor flake, yeah, yeah.
 Isn't that cool?
 They had one of those.
 Was it maneuver-- was it quite good moving around?
 Well, it was a little bit cumbersome,
 but I managed to get it around.
 How fast could it go?
 Oh, slow.
 Yeah, yeah, well, that's sensible.
 I think of everything these days.
 I could crush any skyscrapers with it.
 It's helping safety go mad.
 But yeah, I was like, because we walked past it.
 And I just went to my wife, God, that's pretty cool, isn't it?
 She went, you should go on.
 I was like, oh, no, this is probably for kids.
 It was like, you should go before she could say it.
 The second time I was already there.
 I've got a fact here from Mikhail Anderson,
 who's fact is about Swedish footballer Gustav Lagerbilke.
 Gustav Lagerbilke is a baron, and the top dude
 of the noble house of Lagerbilke.
 I don't know.
 Top dude is an official peerage term in Sweden.
 He says, I've not looked into it deeper,
 but it can't be too common to hold a baronial title
 and be a football defender at a World Cup.
 Wow.
 No World Cup.
 Yeah, yeah.
 So, do we know if anybody of our defenders were in the House of Lords?
 Are there any earls or vikers or--
 We all have had the art of the MBE, like David Beckham--
 But her registry, come on.
 But you're not allowed--
 Not these news.
 You're not allowed to have a gong that you got through doing football.
 I do not admit it.
 We're all through doing charity work after football
 that's really about the football.
 I believe not.
 I can't think of anyone of the landed gentry who's ever played
 even professional football.
 The first person I could think of was Jan Vanegor of Hesselink,
 which I think like the off part of his name
 meant that he was of some kind of--
 Oh, wow.
 --but he was, I think he was Dutch, maybe.
 That's cool.
 So, I was wondering if, in some places,
 it's more common to be a member of the landed nobility.
 Only because I found out recently,
 reading up on the Polish Lithuanian Commonwealth,
 as you do, that there was a time in their history
 when 1 million people were nobles,
 like nobles, not just gentry and nobility,
 it was because they had a quite a mad system of distributing--
 Because they were trying to avoid giving people a pay rise.
 They're going to say, "We can't do it in the budget this year,
 but I tell you what we can do, we're going to put you
 in the nobility."
 [LAUGHTER]
 I've got one more.
 Yeah, go on.
 This is from Elaine.
 Elaine says, "You may already subscribe
 to Clive Tompkins' Link Fest."
 Which I don't.
 I don't know.
 It sounds great, because I think it's lots of interesting links.
 There is a site that has water recipes
 that match the waters in various different places and sources.
 So, for example, if you want to make a coffee like you're in London,
 it provides you with a recipe of--
 You need 55% perier, 37% harrogate spring,
 and 8% aquapanna.
 And that provides the right hardness,
 the right calcium, the bicarbonate, and that's pretty clever.
 If you want to feed James' cat,
 it's just 100% evidence.
 100% evidence.
 But I'm interested, because the water in London
 is rankiving, like, very hard.
 Yeah, coming from the north of England
 where we get all our water from the lake districts.
 It's like, you know, the water in London,
 I don't like it at all.
 So, I'm surprised you can make such a horrible thing
 from three quite nice.
 OK, it's a lot more water.
 I understand that for London water here.
 Yeah.
 It's hard.
 I like it.
 I like London water.
 It takes off the soap really first.
 When you go north and you're washing your hands
 and then you put them under--
 it takes about 30 seconds to get all the soap off.
 There's no time for that down south.
 It's busy.
 It's productive.
 You can't get bubbles in your bubble bath.
 Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Every three days, I have to take out
 the enormous block of calcium out of my kettle.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I like that.
 I have no extra cost.
 I have no extra cost.
 You don't need to take it out.
 It adds to the flavour over time.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 It matures the tea.
 You can sprinkle it on your food if you run out of salt.
 It's just a bit of calcium, calcium.
 It's lovely.
 Anyway, any more for any more?
 Yes, I've got one from Lawrence.
 Jan Van Steenis.
 No idea whether that is a person from the gentry
 or from whatever country of Lawrence Janis from.
 But Lawrence Jan says, I don't think this has been mentioned yet.
 And you're absolutely right.
 But Dominico Tadesco just replaced
 Vincenzo Italiano as head coach
 of Italian First Division football team.
 Bologna.
 Oh, maybe you did mention this, Andy.
 Well, maybe we were just chatting about it a lot, but I never
 talked about this.
 No, really.
 The interesting thing about this, as if what I already said
 was interesting enough, is that Tadesco means German in Italian
 and Italiano means Italian.
 It's in Italian.
 In Italian?
 Well, yeah, many different languages.
 So, more interestingly, is the fact that Dominico Tadesco
 was born in Italy and Vincenzo Italiano
 was born in Germany.
 OK.
 I'm sorry.
 So the Italian Mr. German has been replaced
 by the German Mr. Italian.
 Yeah.
 So that is amazing.
 That is fun.
 Amazing.
 That's a good thing.
 So yeah, a lot of things about football and football names.
 I certainly get a lot said to me from Andy.
 I think he's going to handle this well, James and Anna.
 Yeah, I think we do get a lot--
 because there's been a lot of cup-on.
 I'd say the recent supply has dried up a little bit in the inbox.
 But we're dealing with a bit of a time lag,
 because we get the facts several weeks in advance,
 just to have a bit of a buffer.
 I see.
 Our fans are just kind of topical.
 Yeah, it can happen.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 I was kind of interested that the Italian word for German
 is "Tedesco".
 "Tedesco".
 Yeah.
 You heard that before.
 No, where's that coming from?
 Well, what's the German for German?
 Deutschland, right?
 What's the French for German?
 Germany.
 Germany.
 What's the Russian for German?
 Nimm yets.
 What's the English for German?
 German, German.
 Yeah.
 Isn't it weird that all of those different countries
 have different words for German?
 Yes, it is actually.
 Isn't that so weird?
 Where's this to desk?
 Yeah.
 So, "Tedesco" actually comes from a similar background
 as Deutschland, it's just those two words.
 One is morphed into the other.
 But the reason is that Germany was such a huge conglomeration
 of lots of different people that all these countries
 dealt with a different part of Germany
 at different parts of their time.
 And sometimes it was like the Germans,
 or it might be the Alehmanns,
 or it might be the Russian, they called them Nimm yets,
 because it means someone who can't speak,
 because they spoke a different language to them.
 In Finnish, it's Saksa, which comes from Saksa.
 Right.
 So basically everyone dealt with Germans
 for the main part of their history at different times.
 That's what they all had different names.
 That is really interesting.
 Can I just do one more?
 Because I thought this was just amazing.
 And this is from someone called Elambros,
 and it's that dear antlers have memory.
 And the explanation is that if a deer gets injured,
 a certain point in that antler one year,
 it would make a big gash or a cut or something,
 there'll be a small callus, which will then heal.
 And then those antlers will shed as they normally do every year.
 And when the antlers grow back the next year,
 in the same spot, there'll be a line,
 like a proper anectopic line,
 which is a remnant of that injury.
 What the hell?
 What's going on there?
 Because that was just air, until you re-grue your antlers.
 The spot where that was was just in midair,
 and how does it say that that spot of air should become an injury?
 Well, I don't think that's the solution.
 Whatever the answer is, it's clearly not that.
 I don't think, like, when you get a 3D printer,
 it doesn't go, eh, eh, eh, eh.
 Something, something, eh, eh, eh.
 Something running low on air.
 Oh, for God's sake.
 I've got to buy a new air carrier, 3D printer.
 This is so typical.
 So expensive.
 I've mis-explained that.
 But the thing is, it's amazing.
 It is amazing.
 That is really incredible.
 That is crazy, to know.
 And there's a little bonus fact, actually,
 from Lambross, which is that in Greek, when a man
 is being cheated on by his partner, we say he has antlers.
 So, like, if we'd say big cuckolders--
 Like, who's a cuckolder?
 It's half the tawns, yeah, yeah.
 Same in, like, quite a few countries.
 It's, like, the bull's-harm thing.
 Yeah.
 But why is that?
 Because aren't cuckolders about cookies, isn't it?
 And then is the--
 It's about cookies.
 Cookies.
 Or cookies, sorry.
 It might be bad cookies, but it depends on the marriage,
 doesn't it?
 [LAUGHTER]
 That was never a factor for us.
 I know she would break down over that, I can imagine.
 Well, it's the old Shane one, like, fingers,
 and why you sell fat Shane?
 Because every time I have sex with the old wife,
 she gives me a cookie.
 [LAUGHTER]
 We go.
 We should probably wrap out the shouldn't we,
 and move on to the next bit of this show.
 And so we are now about to bestow some of our former headline
 facts on lucky recipients.
 Who wants to go first?
 I'll go first.
 Here is one that goes out to Jane.
 Jane, congratulations.
 Your fact is now that, according to a recent theory,
 Stonehenge was built as part of a team-building exercise.
 Wow.
 It was tough for then, wasn't it?
 Now you go and what do acts throwing or something
 or a round of golf?
 I drove past only the other day.
 Did you?
 Yeah.
 Was there a big old traffic jam next to Stonehenge?
 Of course there was.
 Of course.
 That's traditional.
 And it was very nice, but I think it's
 nice that because you then get a little gulp
 without feeling bad, despite the fact that you--
 I deliberately don't look at it.
 Because I'm like--
 The reason this traffic jam is here
 is because people are looking at Stonehenge.
 There's no reason for those to be a traffic jam.
 It's because people are slowing down to look at Stonehenge,
 so I'm not going to look at it.
 Wait, what possible better reason to there be
 than looking at our greatest monument?
 I'm just saying that there's no reason to have a traffic jam.
 When all I want to do is get to slow.
 Yeah.
 What you need to do, clearly, is make
 the road a six-lane super highway at that exact moment.
 Just at that 200 meters.
 That goes over the top of Stonehenge.
 It goes over the top of Stonehenge here, yeah.
 You just need four hours for a lane.
 You need the Hengelane, which is signposted,
 for the next three miles if you want the Hengelane.
 For gorpers.
 For gorpers, yeah.
 Yeah, that's lovely.
 That's quite a good idea.
 Why don't you know why they haven't done that?
 All right, shall I give a fact to somebody?
 Sure.
 How about this one?
 And this is for someone whose name apparently is
 the fervor of a new convert.
 No further questions.
 No further questions.
 Hey.
 This is amazing, because this person with the extraordinary name
 gets the best fact I've ever said, which is that,
 while digging New York subway tunnel in 1916,
 worker Marshall maybe got sucked through a pocket of air,
 blasted up through 12 feet of riverbed,
 through the river, and then thrown 20 feet into the air.
 Yes.
 I think this was a special request, which we don't do anymore.
 We did a few in the early days of judging out facts,
 but we just, it's basically too complicated now.
 Because this wasn't a headline fact.
 No, it wasn't.
 It wasn't a headline fact.
 So this is actually a bit of a cheeky, cheeky, cheeky one.
 When you say it was a special request, from the fervor.
 I think believe it was, yeah, yeah.
 It's her name Converse.
 Oh, well, Mrs or Mr Convert, there you go.
 Have that fact.
 Although I will say that in Bratso Andy,
 when he's recording all the facts we've said on the show,
 he puts a little caveat sometimes after them.
 And this one comes with the caveat in brackets.
 Much discussion.
 Dubies, question mark.
 Yeah.
 It survived two colleagues perished.
 Yeah.
 So it actually ends with a bit of a tragedy.
 Yeah.
 And I don't think it is dubious, all right?
 It was a newspaper at the time.
 It was in a newspaper for goodness sake.
 Yeah.
 Does it not ring a few bells that his surname is maybe?
 [LAUGHTER]
 Oh, my gosh.
 Do you think they accidentally capitalise that?
 And actually the article was "Marshall maybe".
 [LAUGHTER]
 Very good.
 OK, here is a fact now that is under the custodianship.
 Of Casey Crab.
 Casey, your facts, is that the Great Wall of China
 is held together by Sticky Rice.
 Nice.
 Very funny.
 I've been up the Great Wall of China.
 As a vibe.
 Recently.
 I haven't.
 And the reason I say recently is because I think it's quite new.
 But I came down--
 It's not quite new.
 It's very, very old.
 What magical big robot were you in this time period?
 Do you know what?
 I'm starting to doubt all these stories.
 So I came down on a toboggan.
 Cool.
 So I think that is relatively new.
 If you go to one of the main bits of the Great Wall,
 you can go up on a cable car.
 So you don't have to walk all the way up there.
 And you can come down on a little toboggan ride.
 Wait, so when you say go up it, sorry to show my ignorance,
 but how tall was the wall?
 It's on the top of a big old hill.
 Right.
 It famously follows the landscape no matter where it goes.
 So it goes up and down a little bit.
 And it's in a hilly area because it's on a board.
 Or it was on a board.
 Gosh, it's not like 100-meter high wall
 that you have to climb up there and to book them down.
 So question, James.
 There's the main bit of the wall and there are ramparts
 on either side.
 So are you tobogganing along the wall in a downhill direction
 or are you tobogganing down the hill?
 You're down the hill.
 So you start at the wall.
 And then for the entirety of the toboggan,
 you're going away from the wall.
 I understand.
 That's very cool.
 Yeah.
 It is amazing.
 It is a really fun thing to do.
 I have to say, I'm the queues for it.
 I'm outrageous.
 I bet.
 Just like all queues in China, actually,
 for big fun things.
 Very, very long.
 But the queues for the great wall of China, good grief.
 Did you leave Skidmogs?
 Andy.
 What?
 Children, listen.
 Sorry, that's a very childish question.
 I went down with my daughter.
 My four-year-old daughter.
 My nice toboggan together.
 Wow, that's a dream.
 Yeah.
 And she was just going faster, faster all the way to China.
 But if you go too fast, they tell you off.
 Here's another one.
 Jay Scoines.
 Your fact is that the world's largest single-celled organism
 can get up to 12 inches long.
 Really good.
 How cool is that?
 When it's excited.
 It is, I'm very.
 We probably said.
 It's sure we did.
 This is a single cell called Calerpataxifola.
 And it gets up to a foot long.
 And it's just one cell.
 Really amazing.
 Just so cool.
 Here's another one for Henry Tasm.
 I remember this fact.
 And this is actually a fact my friend told me
 who is obsessed with snakes.
 And it's that if you're bitten by the boomslang snake,
 you bleed from every orifice.
 Every?
 Every orifice.
 How many orifices do you have?
 I don't have any.
 I've had to mind and move.
 It's not appropriate.
 You've had yours filled in.
 Yeah.
 Just a bit of easy fill.
 Wait for it to dry.
 Sand it down.
 And you've just solved.
 You've removed a potential impropriety.
 Sorry for being responsible for the children
 I encounter on the bus or passing in the street.
 Just I think it's appropriate for people to have
 orifices.
 It's 2026.
 Go up.
 Right.
 Thank you.
 We've gone into a strange place.
 But at least you don't need to fear the snake.
 I don't know what will happen if the snake bites me.
 Yeah, you're right.
 Oh, nothing.
 There's a boomslang snake in the room quick.
 Get no orifices by.
 Bum-bidding to the wall.
 It's a weird superpower you elected to have.
 But if we gave him the choice, we said you can have anything, Andy.
 It was vissa via radioactive Ken Dole.
 Oh, dear.
 There you go.
 Yes, it thins your blood, doesn't it?
 It makes your blood very, very thin and it spirts out everywhere.
 Yeah.
 I know, I know, Harry Tossum.
 Hello, Harry, if you're listening.
 Dee.
 Yeah, nice.
 Okay.
 The next one goes out to Olivia and Olivia.
 Your fact is that Albert Einstein has a social media team.
 Yeah.
 This is all about dead people with social media accounts.
 Don't celebrities wear the estate is still trading, isn't it?
 And there are loads of them around because there are all these weirdly active accounts.
 Yeah.
 I used to know.
 I'm sure you have known people who've done, they've had to be the voice of a company
 on social media.
 Oh, yeah.
 I know, bloke who did, oh god, I can't remember whether it was KFC or something similar.
 But actually he did about 17 of them.
 And it was just his way of, you know, making ends meet while he, while he works with the
 comedian.
 I imagine if they don't mind giving you leeway to say whatever you want, which some of them,
 it seems like they really don't care.
 Like is it the Ryanair or EZ jet, where they just basically spend the whole time trolling
 people?
 Really?
 I think like if they give you the opportunity to do that, I reckon that's quite a good
 job for a upcoming comedian.
 I can't stand my flight and you lost all my luggage and they just say, ah, we'll do it
 again.
 (laughter)
 I mean, there is a bit of that that happens.
 Oh dear.
 Here's one more.
 This one goes out to Alice and it's the fact that the very hungry caterpillar was originally
 called a week with Willie the worm.
 Yeah, really?
 It's about the very hungry caterpillar, an Eric Karl who wrote it for all fans.
 I don't remember if it was originally a caterpillar because the big reveal with a worm is what?
 You don't get the big double head spread here.
 Are you trying to invite the spiler for the very unpretentious fella?
 (laughter)
 No, I just don't want to ruin it.
 No, you're right.
 He wouldn't go into the chrysalis or you know.
 Who might get chopped into?
 It must be that.
 It must be old magic.
 It's two worms.
 And then he's got another friend.
 Yeah.
 That's nice.
 I think that's a nice ending.
 But then he has to share all the food with them.
 That good less, this feels like a better lesson for kids, actually, because the very hungry caterpillar
 just teaches you how great it is to be beautiful.
 But a week with Willie the worm teaches you how good it is to have a friend to share with.
 Was the teacher as good to be beautiful?
 That's certainly the lesson I've tried to drill in.
 It basically says, as long as you keep eating non-stop food, you're going to be really,
 really fit, it's misleading piece of literature, I think you'll agree.
 There is, I think people like kids have written into Eric Carl and said, actually all caterpillars
 only live on single leaves and they never have any variation in the diet whatsoever.
 And also they all go into either chrysalis or cocoons, which is the opposite of whatever
 Eric Carl said.
 Get it right, Eric.
 I'm with the kids.
 On Monday he ate a leaf and on Tuesday he ate two of the same kind of leaf.
 No, look, I think-
 This is what you want children.
 Is it?
 Because-
 This is Jen's head.
 And at the end of the week he felt quite sick and didn't really like the look of himself
 when he looked in the mirror.
 But he resolved that that's fine and he's got next week to change things so that I can't
 make a mistake.
 He's got an ascending prescription and everything's okay now.
 Boo.
 So last fact for the day I think and this is for Shannon O'Keefe and this is a fact that
 in World War II the 20 committee was in charge of turning German spies.
 In Roman numerals that made them the XX committee, i.e. the double cross committee.
 Very strong.
 Yeah, really good.
 Did they think of the committee number after they thought of the main job of the committee?
 Maybe.
 I think they did, yes.
 This was a fact by Ann Miller who has been on the podcast many times and is a big spy
 fan isn't she?
 In fact, has written entire novels about spies for children.
 Yes.
 Entirely, factually, accurate, unlike the very hungry caterpillar for the animal spies.
 She's not mixing up her cocoons and her chrysalises anytime soon.
 All right, lovely.
 That is all of the facts that you've sent us and that all of the facts that we are giving
 you this week.
 Thank you so much for listening to this episode of Little Fish.
 And especially, thank you to our eight new custodians who are Jane, the fervor of a new
 convert, Casey Crab, Jay Scoyne's, Henry Tassum, Olivia Alice and Shannon O'Keefe.
 Take good care of those facts.
 For the rest of you, please do come back this time next week for another Little Fish or you
 can listen to a big fish.
 Otherwise known as no such things are fish at the end of this week.
 If you want to become a friend of the podcast and become a fact custodian with which you
 don't only get a fact, you get a special certificate sent to you into your inbox that you can print
 off and frame, stick on your wolf lever and brag about, then go to patreon.com/clubfish.
 And do keep writing into podcasts at qi.com with your favourite facts.
 They might make it to this show and the loves getting the emails, they're always begging
 for more.
 Give him more.
 And we'll see you again soon.
 Thanks so much for listening.
 Good bye from us.
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
