 [MUSIC]
 Hello everybody and welcome to Little Fish.
 The weekly podcast where we, the no such thing as a fish team,
 take your facts, the facts from the audience and we talk about them,
 we analyse them, we tear them to shreds and here to do that.
 With me are my fellow hosts, Dan Schreiber and James Arkin.
 Hello.
 Hello, sorry, I left a weird pause there.
 It's okay, we should say we're doing this in three undisclosed questions.
 Hang on, no James, okay, that seems to be a connection issue.
 This might happen a lot.
 That was just me trying to be funny, don't worry.
 No idea, I was there doubling down on your funny.
 Oh yeah, see this is how natural it always seems,
 as soon as you're recording remotely, which we are.
 Yes, undisclosed locations, we've been asked to go to our separate bunkers.
 And Andrew Hunter Murray is not with us, but I think we're going to be okay.
 So he has sent us some facts from listeners, hasn't he?
 He has. We still make him peruse the inbox.
 Has anyone got a great fact from a listener to share?
 Can I do one that he hasn't sent me?
 I got independently.
 Yes, just because I know if he was here, he wouldn't allow this,
 but seeing this is a way we should subvert the genre a little bit.
 Someone called Dave Swainey sent me this, and it is to do with a big rail crash in Clapham,
 that was caused by an overworked signal engineer.
 And the government made a hidden report to establish all the problems that occurred.
 And this report was named after Sir Anthony Hidden.
 Basically, that's the reason why if you work as a train crew, you need 12 hours
 rest between shifts, and you have to have at least one day off in any fortnight.
 But yeah, named by Sir Anthony Hidden.
 Very good.
 I replied to Dave saying, "Well, you know what, I'm not really a big fan of these kinds of facts."
 And Dave said, "Oh yeah, sorry, I know Dan is the one who's pushing this trend,
 but you're my favourite."
 He's another one who can't tell the difference between Dan and Andy.
 Wow, this is getting wild.
 But you're doing Andy's work for him now.
 You've converted without knowing.
 You were filling that book up every week now.
 Well, that's great fact.
 That's awesome.
 I got one that was sanctioned, that was allowed in by Andrew Hunter Murray.
 This is from Ray Honeyset.
 Ray says, "My fact is that when tomato plants are under attack from hungry caterpillars,
 they produce a chemical that makes caterpillars more likely to eat each other than the plant."
 What?
 Yeah, which is amazing.
 And Ray adds, "My mother tried to tell Dan this fact a few years ago when she lived in South London
 next to him and would share a commute with him into the town.
 Unfortunately, she forgot the details of this and instead told him that scientists have found
 that tomatoes eat caterpillars.
 I am emailing to set the record straight."
 Do you remember this instant stuff?
 They do, I remember his mom, she was awesome.
 Can I just say, I think tomatoes do eat caterpillars.
 Well, they certainly eat insects.
 And they have, well, they have like a fluffy stalk, don't they?
 And I think the fluffiness of the stalk is to kind of trap insects and then they fall down to the ground,
 decompose into the earth, and then the plant can eat the chemicals.
 No way.
 I think so.
 That's interesting. Well, the further details on this particular method to stop the caterpillars
 from eating them is the plant, the tomato plants release chemicals called methyl jasmine it.
 And the idea is that it makes the plant taste so disgusting that they would rather eat each other
 than continue to eat the plant itself.
 And what's amazing on top of that is different plants smell that smell and release their own plant
 smell that stops caterpillars.
 So that's why they end up eating each other, not just another plant.
 Because it does seem illogical.
 If I'm eating, if I'm, I've got dinner and I'm eating peas, and I think I don't like peas,
 I don't instinctively think, okay, I'll eat the person sitting next to me.
 Imagine like the trip advisor reviews.
 The Gazpatia was so bad I ate my own friends.
 Yeah, wow, isn't it?
 This is, yeah, John Orrick, who's an evolutionary ecologist in Wisconsin,
 said basically the plant rearranges the menu for the caterpillar to make the other caterpillars
 the optimal choice.
 So truly amazing fact and would have made the very hungry caterpillar a much more interesting
 book actually, although maybe not as child appropriate.
 I had a great one from Haley Abramson and she is a biomedical engineer.
 So she knows what she's talking about.
 She's working in America and she creates medical devices for hemodynamic monitoring,
 which I think is watching what's happening to your blood.
 And she said that the human heart uses over five kilos of ATP,
 which is the molecule that you use in your heart to release energy.
 It uses over five kilos of it every day, which is 15 times the weight of the heart itself.
 Now I got very into ATP at this point.
 So I realised you learn about it at school.
 You don't really know what I don't remember what it is.
 And it's universal across all life.
 Every single living cell needs to use ATP to get energy.
 And I didn't realise that the way we get it is literally,
 we have this molecule in us and we break it down and that releases energy.
 And then we build it up again.
 Your body contains only 250 grams of it any moment.
 And you produce your own body weight in it every day.
 Because we just break it down, rebuild it.
 Break it down, rebuild it.
 Kind of a mad Caesophian task we're all doing actually.
 But then...
 Yeah, it almost seems like the entire point of life is just to generate and regenerate ATP.
 Yes.
 And like you see these sort of stories in new scientists or whatever saying,
 "Oh, we found a new kind of animal that lives on rocks or whatever."
 And what it actually means is there's some kind of tiny cellular life
 which is turning stuff into ATP, making energy and then making more ATP
 and then making more energy and just doing that again and again and again.
 God, so is ATP, is that what's in charge of us all, do you think?
 I think it is.
 ATP is created life so it can be created and destroyed.
 I've never heard of it, ATP.
 Had you two?
 I mean, James, it sounds like you definitely have.
 Yeah, you went to a non-usual school.
 I think it's fun as...
 I don't think I learned it in GCSE biology.
 Fair.
 I feel like I learned it through doing 15 years of QI work.
 That period where you ate nothing but rocks, I think it was in that.
 Yeah, great fact. Great fact from Haley. Anyone else got anything else?
 Okay, here's another sciencey one.
 Jason Sanderman Allen tells us that in the time it takes to say this fact,
 the world's factories will have made more transistors than there are stars in the Milky Way.
 What?
 Oh my God.
 What?
 People do work very hard, don't they, in some factories.
 That's too hard.
 It says like the time it takes to read this fact,
 but the email's quite long, so I don't know if it's the entire email or just that sentence.
 Basically, a transistor like...
 In my head, a transistor used to be like, oh, it's like a radio,
 a transistor radio or whatever.
 But actually, a transistor is a tiny little switch that you get in any electrical device.
 And in your laptop, there are millions of them.
 In your microphone, there are millions of them.
 In your headphones, there are millions of them.
 They're just, they're in everything.
 And it's just, it's basically the thing which is either a zero or a one.
 So, there's, I think, an estimated about like 100 billion stars in the Milky Way, right?
 So, surely we need just one day in the factory and we have enough.
 That's it.
 Yeah, that's a good point.
 We don't need anymore.
 If we got an oversupply, it's like, stop.
 Someone, where's the off button?
 We've got all these bloody switches, but where's the off button?
 Yeah, that is wild.
 I mean, that's a lot, 100 billion.
 Look, basically, the modern day is ATP and transistors.
 That sounds like it.
 That's how we're going down in history.
 I know, I happen to know that the co-inventor of the transistor was a guy called John Bardeen.
 And when he co-won his Nobel Prize, he was told off by someone who was there,
 either the committee or just someone high up for not bringing his family along.
 He was like, where are your kids?
 You didn't bring your family.
 And he said, no, it's okay.
 I'll bring them to the next one.
 Next time I win, they'll be here.
 He won it again, and he brought his kids.
 Yeah, that's really wild.
 One of the few scientists to get the double Nobel.
 What a dickhead.
 I never thought I'd hear this.
 Sorry, no, an amazing guy.
 I was just still reeling from the surprise of hearing the sentence come out of your mouth.
 I happen to know that the co-inventor of the transistor is just such a casual happen to know.
 Because I mentioned John Bardeen not too long ago on fish,
 because when he found out that he had won his second Nobel Prize,
 he was in his garage, and he went to open the door of the garage to go to the party,
 celebrating it, and the transistor failed, and he was locked in his garage.
 So the thing that he won the Nobel Prize for the first time,
 stopped him from getting to his party the second time.
 All I would say is that we always do this podcast in person, most of the time.
 And when we're in person, we don't have our laptops or our phones or anything,
 and we're just chatting.
 But I watched a documentary about online chess yesterday where basically they said as soon as it
 went online and people went in the room together, they all cheated.
 So if anyone from, I'm not saying that Dan didn't know who that guy was,
 but if anyone in the future is saying, "I just happen to know,"
 then there could be such an afoot.
 That's outrageous.
 That's outrageous claim, and I won't have it.
 I don't know who's here, and I'm kicking you off the show for this kind of slander against your fellow
 man. I'm not even on the internet right now.
 This is all pre-recorded nuggets, Dan, centres.
 We're interspersing.
 It would have been great if I turned my cover on the laptop,
 and you saw six researchers sitting there just showing me facts of big bits of paper.
 We all know he's too analog to be able to use the internet.
 I happen to know, Jane, John Bardoun.
 What is it? What is it?
 That's a spelling. Give it to the guy with better spelling.
 Okay, go on then, Dan. Give us one of your facts from your non-internet perusing.
 Well, this one is great. This one is from Draco, just called Draco. Draco says there are over 100 people
 taking a road trip across the USA together. They've covered over 40,000 miles, yet none of them
 have left their homes. Oh, interesting.
 Yeah. So this, and I want to thank you.
 Could you guys hear there's either an airplane or a helicopter going above my house
 at the moment? I can't hear that.
 Yeah, okay.
 Is that anything to do with your fact?
 Dan sent it to take you out.
 Yeah, exactly. Your betrayal.
 Question my use of internet.
 This is, again, thank you Draco so much for introducing me to this, but this is a website
 called Neil.fun, N-E-A-L.Fun, and it's a bunch of online interactive games that you can do,
 and one of them is called internet road trip, and you click on to it, and it's a virtual map
 in which a car, you know, when you go on Google Maps and you have all the arrows,
 and you press one of the arrows, well, it's this, but right now, I'm on it right now.
 There are 100, just why not being on the internet, 114 drivers right now are on it,
 and whoever votes most for which arrow that wins, and that's where the car turns.
 Do you see what I'm saying?
 So it's an ongoing trip that is being voted for by people.
 I'm going to vote right now. I've just voted, yep, it's gone my way.
 How cool is that? And honestly, this site is amazing, Neil.fun.
 There's a game that you can play on it, which is called Cursor Camp,
 and you just give your cursor a little holiday, and you play, I just played volleyball
 earlier with someone from the Netherlands.
 So this is so sad.
 This is holidays of the future and sport of the future and driving of the future.
 It was all so sad.
 Highly recommend it, guys. There's incredible, incredible.
 Was this site made by TheBuffins@fun.com?
 You'd hope so. Yes.
 Only the brains at fun.com could come up with this.
 This really does remind me of the old days of the internet and being at university,
 and one of my friends going, oh, you need to go on this website where you can play some games.
 Yeah, yeah.
 I had a similar experience yesterday where I felt like I had gone back in technological time when
 you know when you can't, Google can't open a website because you're not connected to the internet,
 and so it says, "Press Baseball to play," and I've literally never pressed it.
 And I pressed it. Have you guys ever done it?
 No, well, could you do play Pac-Man or something?
 No, it's literally you just make a dot jump over some obstacles,
 and it just keeps moving and you hit spacebar whenever you want it to jump.
 Did that for about five minutes, and then thought,
 "Is this how I want to spend my life?"
 No, yeah.
 And the answer was, yes, I did it for four hours.
 [laughter]
 I have another cool fact, and this is from Hugh Fraser from Queensland,
 who says, "Long time, listen, a third time emailer."
 Thanks for letting us know.
 I have a fact for you.
 The man responsible for organizing plays in Elizabethan England was allowed to
 imprison people at will when they offended him or didn't work hard enough.
 I really feel like Andy's given me this one because he knows it's a fantasy of mine.
 They were freed from jail when he decided they'd served their time.
 And this, I think we might have mentioned him before.
 Edmund Tilney, who's Master of the Rebels in Under Queen Elizabeth.
 Is he the guy who was legally allowed to kidnap children to be in his choir or something?
 Maybe he was.
 It sounds like the kind of thing that would be a perk of the job.
 Of Master of the Rebels, possibly.
 He's definitely, I mainly know him because he's one of the baddies in Shakespeare and Love.
 If you've seen that, he's the guy who keeps on censoring Shakespeare's plays
 and generally gets a very bad rap.
 But he's actually a good guy and he reformed the whole art scene under Queen Elizabeth
 and was the reason Shakespeare was famous.
 Starting friend of the podcast, Joseph Feins, just for listeners of the past.
 Is he a friend?
 He almost became my, just before you came back, he almost became solid characters.
 He's only been in that one film, whereas all the other Feins has been in loads of other films.
 Yeah, his brother's really nailed acting at multiple movies.
 That is so harsh.
 I could definitely name another if you gave him the internet in a couple of hours.
 That's a great fact.
 Anyone else got any other facts?
 I've got a few from Dan Under from New Zealand, which are quite nice.
 One comes in from Connor, who says, "If you sold your house with this company and they called
 a Ritzo, a-r-i-z-t-o, they're a real estate company in New Zealand, you could quite possibly end up
 working with someone called Andy, someone called Dan, or someone called Anna James."
 These are all employees of a Ritzo.
 If you're looking for a house and you want it to have a sort of fish-flavored
 thing to find out. Why does this person know that does this person work for that company?
 No, I don't think so. They don't say so. It's just they were going rather the site. Maybe they
 were looking for a place to rent a buy, and that's what they discovered.
 Frantically googling our names over and over again.
 There were also three other choices of James if you wanted to use Anna James as one,
 and you need one more at the table. There's three other James's.
 So anyway, that's thank you very much, Connor. But then we get one from William Wilson,
 also from New Zealand, who writes that Eden Park Stadium in New Zealand has its own pet rock.
 So when the stadium was rebuilt in 2011 for the rugby world cup,
 this rock was there and they considered getting rid of it, but it's so massive that they decided
 in the end, let's just build a room around it. And now when you go on a tour of the stadium,
 they take you to the rock room to meet the pet rock. That was part of the sort of history of this place,
 which is pretty amazing. Why did they why did they build a room around it? That's kind of weird,
 isn't it? Yeah, I think I think the idea was it would cost so much. It's a volcanic rock. It's
 thousands of years old. It's 50 feet plus. They just thought this is such a big job. It's easier
 just to leave it there in place. And so you said it's 50 feet plus the rock. I think so. Yeah.
 Oh, it's huge. Yeah. Yeah. I was imagining a kind of a large pebble. What?
 Okay. It's a big rock. It's right. It's right. Isn't there a, is it mecha got a big rock in it?
 That big building in mecha's got like a meteorite or something. I think so and they built a big building
 around it and now millions of people every year go to visit it. Yeah, I think so. And that's different
 to going on a pilgrimage for mecha to mecha. Hold on. There are loads of Muslims going on pilgrimage
 to mecha. And then there are loads of rock fans going on pilgrimage to the rock next door or the same
 thing. It's the same thing. It's the same thing. Got it. Okay. I was just thinking what a low maintenance pet
 that would be because I was thinking about pets the other day and thinking maybe I'll cave eventually
 and go for stick insects because they're the easiest, but that is easier. Stickers sex are not easy.
 We had pets stick it. We had pet stick insects when we were kids and they would die 10 a week. Yeah,
 but what's easier about them is that you can buy more and no one ever knows. Wow. How many do you have
 James? And they'd be wrong about 10 a week in phytia am exaggerating, but you would just put them
 in big jars. We had them a lot. They wouldn't do anything at all. And you would kind of be hard
 pressed to know that they were even there. And the only way that you'd know that they'd die
 is because they stopped pooing. And you'd be like, oh, I don't have to clean the poo anymore so they
 must be dead. God, I'll be tempting to just leave it at that. How long does it take a kid to go,
 you know, should we not buy anymore? The was a grace for pet rocks in the 70s. It was like, yeah,
 it was like, hey, I suppose it was just like people would go to the shop and buy a pair of
 googly eyes and put them on a rock and say, this is my pet rock, but it was a thing. Jesus. Yeah, right.
 Tough time for the 70s. By the way, the Eden Park venue that this rock is at, it's kind of
 the national venue of New Zealand. It's where the all blacks play. And they've got a record there
 of consistent wins since 1994. And I think it's 53 consistent wins. They've not lost. They've had
 a few draws, but they are yet to lose in their own stadium for that long. Wow. Isn't that wild?
 And there must be the rock. It must be the rock. The the thought is is actually is that they only invite
 teams to play them there when they absolutely know they're going to thrash them when they know that
 they're just not in a good shape. I don't think that can be true. That's the that's the sort of
 ongoing joke in New Zealand apparently from the sports websites I've been reading. We should
 probably move on to our custodians soon. I just want to give Dan a holiday tip for if you ever want
 to take a holiday that's not just a virtual one on your computer. Yeah. Because this is from Rich
 Schaffer, a fact that was sent in and he was saying I was driving through southern Virginia in the US
 and saw signs for Dan Daniel Memorial Park in the city of Danville. Specifies Danville is not named
 after the politician Dan Daniel Norris Dan Daniel named after Danville and yet they're old named
 after that real estate agent from New Zealand. Okay. We have reached that time in the show where we
 bestow some facts upon our lucky club fish listeners and we have some facts from our previous
 podcast to give to you. Does anyone have a fact they want to let go of? Yep. I have one here. This is
 for Louisa and the fact is ancient Jerusalem's lost property office just involved shouting about
 what you had lost in the hope that somebody had found it. That's a good system. Such a good system.
 Presumably you have to shout in a very particular place so people know where you're shouting or you
 just walk around shouting for it. Yeah. Was it you told a you told a specific shout out what you'd
 lost didn't you and they and they walked around the like the tech they were the town cryer but the
 lost property town cryer because then I think this is the one where we discovered that James has
 actually been to town cryer championships or he claimed to have been to them. Is that true?
 I have been there. Yeah. There's photographic evidence. I didn't take part. I was just there as
 as a viewer. How do you think you'd go? Would you be good in a town cry? I don't think so. I don't
 think I have the base in my voice to be a good town cryer. Hmm. Needs Andy or Dan maybe.
 Hmm. Some of that. I got some base. Yeah. I might be able to do it. Hey, do you guys remember
 when I was on the way into the Royal Institution for our recent run of live gigs and on the train
 and the other end of the carriage I heard a man on his phone going hi there. Yes. I've just left my
 second son at the station. Could somebody please collect him and hold him and I'm just wondering to
 what extent this lost property box what would be like the weirdest thing that you would hear someone
 shouting because I've never heard anything weerder than that. I see what someone shouting a second son,
 second son. Anyone found a second son. Yeah. Like that kind of thing. Yeah. What kind of lost property
 are you shouting for? Yeah. I mean, it's going to be something rude isn't it? It's like how
 how much do you want to face embarrassment to say, you know, the pink fluffy. Goat attached to it.
 Yes. Yeah. Fluffy Dildo. Okay. It's just going to be regular cleaning. That's all I would know
 personally, but you're right. It is an interesting idea. And I think if it's washing machine friendly
 and it's got I've got a dust actually which has a really useful removable cover which could easily
 double up as a fluffy Dildo. Last fluffy Dildo. It's machine friendly and it has a removable
 sheath. So it's very usable. You could reuse it and you want to see it.
 Imagine 20 years from now Anna's going to be sitting in an interview and they're going to say,
 now not many people know this Anna, but before you started your humongous fluffy Dildo empire,
 you were a podcast. Right here. I prefer to forget about those times. They're just an embarrassment.
 Okay. Here's another fact. This one now is the custodianship of Julia and Brandon McKay and Julia
 and Brandon. Your fact is that the man who discovered why we sweat did so by getting in a sauna
 with a dog, a steak and an egg. I remember this guy. What a wonderful fact this was.
 What a lad. Yeah. I think was it. Wasn't it just a proof that it was hot enough? Like people said
 they thought the thermometer was wrong. And so he said, okay, well, you can cook a steak in here.
 That's how bloody hot it is. And an egg and a duck. And an egg and a duck. Why take the dog? We believe
 you with the steak and the egg. It's fine. You've got to share the steak with someone.
 Yeah, I think this is the guy who discovered about thermoregulation. Wasn't it?
 What a laugh. What a fun party that sauna party was. Okay, here is a fact for very hunt and this
 is the fact that, oh my gosh, how weird. This has just come up. This is the fact that stick
 insect sex can last for 79 days. And the insects are stuck together the whole time. Yeah. And that
 fact was originally read out by someone who kept sticking sex as a pet when they were younger.
 Did you spend 79 days staring at your little cubicle? Honestly, my parents taught me about the birds
 of the stick and sex. Funny. Was this show, this show was up the creek? I think this was a live show.
 These are all, yeah, they're all mine to me because quite often, despite all these years, this is
 the show that often gets cited as if you're going to start listening to fish. This is the episode
 to listen to. Yeah, because it was over 10 years now. Episode 82, if you're listening to this and
 you want to go back and listen to it. Yeah. Wow. I believe I don't help from that. I think it was
 up the creek. Yeah. Yeah. I think you're right. Okay. Well, anything from the far inferior episode 83?
 Yes. This fact is for Vagana. Vagana natural. And your fact is the seventh time park ranger Roy
 Sullivan was struck by lightning coincided with the 22nd time he fought a bear off with a stick.
 A dang classic. Yeah, Roy Sullivan. What a, what an interesting character. And the further you go
 along the story each time of when he's getting hit by lightning, the more improbable and more ridiculous
 it is. Just one of those fantastic stories that just keeps giving. Yeah. I read an article about people
 who get struck by lightning and there's like a conference every year that they all go to because
 actually it's a really like it's obviously very bad at the time, but the people who live with it
 have a really difficult time of it. And so they have like support groups where they all get together
 and stuff like that. But there is like a various different things that happen to you if you get struck
 by lightning. And I'm going to look because I have it as a fact in my future facts file.
 Behind the scenes here, James, James has had all his facts basically since we started fish in a
 file like we we scrounge around every week looking for headline facts. James has had them all since day
 one. It's amazing. Yeah. And actually there's so many of them. I have got like 20 of them that
 to do with lightning. But yes, symptoms have been struck by lightning include food tasting like
 blue, sexual dysfunction and the inability to sweat. Yeah, you see what I see. I see who you're
 suggesting might have been struck by lightning at some point. Yeah, well, it's unfair and he's not
 here to defend himself. So which Andy? Okay, here is another fact. This one is now under the
 custodianship of Walter. And Walter, your fact is that in 2015, America's hero dog of the year award
 was won by a cat. Unbelievable. They can't even find enough heroic dogs to fill that prize.
 And there's an episode of Harry McLeary based on this that was reading only a couple of nights
 ago, isn't there? When Harry, as you all know, being Harry McLeary fanatics, Harry McLeary wins
 the best cat in show competition. Harry McLeary from Donaldson's Dairy. That's absolutely
 correct. Yeah, that one. And when you say episode, is it now a TV show? Do you mean a book? No, I mean
 a book. I just forgot the word book. Okay. The interesting thing about Harry McLeary from Donaldson's
 Dairy for British people is that he's from a dairy, but the bugs were written in New Zealand
 where dairy is very different. A dairy is like a corner shop in New Zealand. So it's not a place where
 you get milk from or anything like that. So in Britain, we always think that Harry McLeary lives
 in a place where there's loads of cows and they're getting milk, but actually he lives in a corner shop.
 Amazing. When you first told me that it's like everything falls into place because Harry McLeary,
 there are never cows in it. And there's not this bucolic countryside landscape. It's sort of
 suburbia. So yeah, not interesting to our New Zealand listeners, which Dan has confirmed we have
 a lot of. And you know who told me that? It was the sun of the people who wrote The Little Yellow Digger,
 which is I think the second most famous kid's book from New Zealand. Yes. Wow. The Little Yellow Digger
 got stuck and a bigger, bigger, bigger pulled it out and all that kind of stuff. You know their kids.
 Oh no, I got my showbiz pals just like the rest of you. You just don't drop them into clanging
 fours anecdotes like we do on the show. Damn it. That's wonderful. Okay. Here are dogs. Excellent.
 Enjoy that one, Walter. I have got a fact for Ralph Lindsay. And this fact is that the earliest
 known penalty for illegal parking was to be impaled on a stake. Yeah. This is just in the 50s in
 Leicester Square. And no, it wasn't. It was thousands of years ago, wasn't it? I think it was about
 4,000 years ago. Was it one of those old codes of Hammurambi or whatever the cult?
 I think it was one of those like Hammurambi code. Yes, it was in Nineveh and it was the royal road.
 So I suppose only the king was allowed to waltz up and down there. I'm trying to work out if this show
 will go out before the second episode of our Royal Institution run where the crowd were
 begging for blood for any social infraction that anyone could make. Like we would say,
 oh, someone got fined for using their phone on the train. And the crowd was like, "Find them all,
 find them all, strict them up." Turns out we've got some really hard line fans. Like we're loving
 this. All listeners going down right, just still have that for parking infractions.
 I've got one here for Chris Martin. This is your fact now. Female corn earthworm moths go invisible
 after sex. It's a good fact because A, it starts with the thing you've never heard of, the corn
 earthworm moth, and B, it heads into magic. Yeah, it seems unbelievable. And C, it's going to
 Chris Martin from Coldplay Presumably. It must be him. Of course. Yeah.
 Whose ex-wife runs a sex toy website that in future will presumably be selling fluffy
 dildos. Wow. And when we were last in New Zealand, on the day we were in New Zealand,
 guess where Coldplay played a gig? Oh. I give you a clue. There's a big rock there. Oh,
 oh, I can get this. Hang on. I can't wait. Come on, guys. Sorry, just talking to the research team.
 Eden Park. Eden Park, that's right. Because do you remember we had some issues with trying to get
 guests over because all of the flights were booked out because all the fans were going to watch
 Coldplay at Eden Park? Of course. And that must be where Chris Martin heard of us, all that
 kerfuffle and that's why he's writing in now. Must be. And he'll love that fact because C, of course,
 wrote the song "The Scientist" and it is a sciencey fact. Oh my god. It's like we gave it to him.
 blowing shit right open. Okay, the last one for today I think goes out to Jill M. Jill M,
 your fact is that every week two people in Sydney get bitten by ticks and become allergic to meat.
 Those two people need to get out of Sydney. Yeah, that's a huge a few years ago, wasn't it?
 Yeah, and it's still. It's still happens. People can get allergic to meat through being bitten by
 ticks for sure, but gone out of the news a little bit. Right. I always like it because it's called
 the alpha gal, something like alpha gal syndrome or something when you get bitten by ear. It just
 sounds really cool. It sounds like something from mean girls. I'm surprised that there hasn't been a
 sort of like a vigilante group of vegans who haven't collected up these ticks and have just been
 spraying them around in people's homes and getting them allergic to meat so that we literally stop it
 that way. That is such a good terrorist atrocity that you've come up with. Yeah. Let's hope that no one
 does it now because you'll be directly implicated I think. It's such a genius idea. I don't know,
 I think it still might be easier to print out lots of pictures of dogs being tortured and distribute
 them rather than catch these abusive bits. Yeah, but you've got to torture the dogs, you've got to
 print out the pictures. I'm only joking, obviously. Please don't write in. Okay, and speaking of writing
 in though, please do write in because this is the end of this show. But if you want to feature
 in a future show, you have to write in with a good fact. It's podcast@QI.com, Andy goes through all the
 emails and shaves off the best stuff for us to say. And thank you to our brand new fact custodians. They
 are Louisa, Julian, Brandon McKay, Ferry Hunt, Vigana, Natural, Walter, Role, Flynsey, Chris Martin,
 and Jill M. Thank you so much. And if you want to be a fact custodian, you'll have to join Club
 Fish, only way to get there. Look it up, find out how. But for now, that is it from me, James and Dan.
 We will see you next week for another episode of this or later on this week for another episode
 of no such thing as a big fish. Until then, goodbye.
 [Music]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
