 Hey there club fish members, Dan here, hope you're all well. This is a compilation
 episode today so you're gonna be getting the best of the outtakes and the bits
 that didn't quite fit into the main episodes but before we jump into that
 I just want to quickly remind you about all the tour dates that we're doing. So
 we'd love to see some of you there. If you're able to come you haven't yet got a
 ticket those are available now you can go to no such thing as a fish.com/live
 all the dates are there we're gonna be up at the Edinburgh Fringe on the 14th
 of August playing at the Playhouse. That's just gonna be the podcast recording
 because it's the fringe that's how it works everything is a sort of hour slot
 so come see us do a live recording there and then if you want to see the full
 tour with the first half attached you can come to see us in Bristol starting
 from the 6th of September and then we're gonna be going to Dublin then we've got
 Glasgow Newcastle Cardiff we've got a date in London at the Drury Lane then
 there's Manchester and then we're flying over to Australia and there's not many
 dates there that haven't sold out so Perth you still have a few tickets left
 we're gonna be there on the 6th of November then Sydney on the 10th of
 November the State Theatre we're gonna be playing there tickets are flying out
 we already sold the Sydney Opera House there so do get your tickets soon if you
 want to see us there and then lastly Christchurch we're playing the Isaac
 Theatre Royals so if you live down in Christchurch do come and see us it's
 gonna be the closer of the tour and it's gonna be a great night so yeah the
 tickets are available no such thing as a fish.com/live come along nerd out with
 us and have a great evening all right let's get on with this week's
 compilation it's just the four of us this week me Andy James and Anna hope you
 enjoy here we go
 my fact is that in some American states in the late 1980s children could be sent
 sorry I just got the giggles from the last bit
 my fact is that in some American states in the late 1980s children could be sent
 to prison. Why children being sent to prison is rarely such a comical item. Why is that so funny Andy? I would say it's a bit of a sat-in
 indictment of American society because these children are sent to prison. I've been to
 Lynchburg Tennessee which you know the Jack Daniels factory sorry it's not a
 Jack Daniels factory they don't call it the factory what do they call it but
 that's dry and you're allowed to buy the whiskey there but I don't think you're
 allowed to open it. Did you go to the distillery itself? Yeah yeah yeah oh we
 had a tour it was so interesting. Is it true I think they say this that Jack
 Daniels died when he kicked a barrel and got sepsis on his foot. I always can ask that as well did you learn that from a tube
 poster in the London Underground? No I already knew it but then I saw it on the
 tube poster and I thought oh it must be true. Yeah exactly one of those incredibly
 nostalgic adverts in London I don't know if they do this in America but
 basically all the Jack Daniels adverts are old Mr. Jack because everybody used
 to call him and he would have this funny thing he'd say and they have such a
 sucker for them they really work on me despite the fact I do not think Jack
 Daniels tastes nice. Yeah I mean he's gone to the distillery. I know you were just on the
 tube you were gonna get the Northern line that's a Monnington Crescent you're
 like you know what I feel like going all the way to Lynchburg County. I turned around
 on the big Italy line went to Heathrow. Can I tell you the best named Flight
 Attendant I found? Gone. This is in 1956 there was I think a beauty competition
 because it was the 50s for Flight Attendants or Miss Skyway. Anyway the
 winner I can't believe this she was a 22 year old hostess and her name was Muffet
 Webb. Wow. Little Miss Muffet. Wait but those were the days when Flight Attendants
 had to give themselves sort of porn names. But actually remember last week we
 established that the word Muff is a man's name so Muffet doesn't make sense
 that that might be a female name. Yeah I just think what are the odds of being
 called Webb as your surname which a spider makes and then your first name
 being Muffet. Little Miss Muffet famously encounters the spider. So do you think the
 parents were told that I went oh we never noticed. I think maybe. I think it's a
 loose enough connection you have to go all the way through that rhyme to get to
 the spider bit. Disagree it was the first thing I thought of. Yeah. I thought my
 crazy name. But you do recite that 20 times a day don't you when you're cleaning
 your teeth. Used to be quite strange being interviewed to be a Flight
 Attendant. There was a piece which interviewed lots of people who've been
 Flight Attendants in the 50s, 60s and 70s and they recalled things they've been
 asked. One of them in fact who was working for a European airline in the
 1960s said that in her interview she was asked to name the Prime Minister of
 Malta which is weird. Oh gosh I don't think I could do that. No. No well we
 would all fail the Flight Attendant. Would she be interviewed for a gig that went
 to Malta? Among others it was just I think it went all over Europe. Oh that is
 impressive. Yeah it is. She said she'd just seen a TV show on him the day
 before which helped. Suggests that he was more famous whenever this positive
 quiz was coming up. 1969 he was the most famous person in the world. Broadcasting
 has changed hasn't it. You don't get that level of detail these days. No. Though in
 the 1960s one of them recalled that continental airlines you had to have a
 full pelvic exam to make sure you weren't pregnant and nor had you had
 children. Wow. Because I think we've mentioned before you weren't allowed to
 have had children. You had to be a single woman. How invasive do you have to
 get to tell if someone has had a child? Yeah I don't know how they could tell
 actually. That feels like a difficult thing to judge. It does but I'm sure
 every interviewer was perfectly well trained and qualified to respectfully
 perform the pelvic exam before asking you know what are your greatest strengths.
 My pelvic floor.
 I find the story like the old medical uses of leeches you read how the blood
 letting happens but there's one that I'd never heard of which just sounds
 terrifying which is to do tonsillitis treatment which is that you would
 strap a rope or a little string around your leech and you would lower it down
 your throat like Tom Cruise and Mission Impossible sort of slowly not touching
 anything making sure not to set anything off and then boom onto the
 tonsils and that just sounds agony. But they would put on people's bottoms on a
 on a leash as well. Yeah. You'd have. Leech on a leash. That's it.
 Crumbs as well. Crumbs.
 Searched in Dublin called Jonathan Osbourne in the 1830s he said if you got
 inflamed intestines well I've got a new
 collar arrangement for a leech and I'll just send one on up there
 and he said I've never used more than four leeches at once.
 Upper bum. I believe so I'm afraid. Yeah quite right there.
 Well they're very adventurous apparently which is why they needed the leash
 because they would want to go into lots of orifices and would try if you put them
 in one bit the body they'll try to get to another.
 I'm not surprised. I don't think they can be tamed leeches.
 Well people have kept them as pets though. Have they?
 In the past. I was reading about one guy the Lord Chancellor I think in the
 early 19th century. He did life was saved by a leech so he
 thought two leeches who bled him and so he kept them as pets. But he didn't take
 them for like walks in large parks did he? Not only in small parks because they
 don't need big walks leeches like Greyhounds.
 You used to rent them because they were so expensive because they were used so
 much they were driven to basically extinction in Western Europe and you'd
 have a leech in your shop window all dressed up to look fine.
 But they would like decorate them but they would need amazing bodice
 play boxes. Like a sex worker in Amsterdam.
 Like that yes and in the same way they weren't one use only.
 But the trade was mega. The leech trade across Europe was massive because
 in the UK they started running low but there was big demand so there were
 wetlands and they were transported by sea they were
 kept in portable swamps. Countries would raid each other's
 leech farms. Come on. No it's true. It's all 100 years
 well started isn't it. There was smuggling. Leech smuggling. The
 Germans built large leech parks. Oh yeah where did they smuggle them?
 No more than four that time.
 America used to have a group of citizen vigilantes who could bust into your
 home and see if you had too many cans of food.
 Really? Yeah. This is insane. The Harvest Festival squad. It kind of is.
 So this is first world war. There was some rationing on in America
 1918 and the group was called the American Protective League
 and they started off with quite grandiose aims. We're going to catch foreign
 spies in America and then they quickly added to their brief.
 And one of the briefs was finding food hoarders.
 People who'd been you know busting the rationing rules.
 Citizen groups could legally enter other people's homes and just check if they
 had been hoarding food. No way. Yeah and they had badges and
 ranks and I think they were eventually disbanded because people said
 not sure we want this especially now that the war's over.
 So yeah that was the thing. You don't like that guy do you?
 Barry comes over wearing his badge. Looking in your pantry.
 Sod off mate. I got that was there. People in the USA love carrying their own food.
 It's a big trend. What you buy fresh sardines and then you count them at home.
 Your own produce. Your own produce. Yeah yeah if you grow tomatoes or whatever.
 Yeah and there are there are all these different groups. There are some people
 are doing it for preppy reasons. Some people who are kind of you know just
 want to eat eco and all of this and there are home canning machines much like
 James's Electric can open up probably. The opposite really?
 Yeah that's exactly the opposite. Yeah whatever. Okay move on.
 There are rebel counters who claim that government food safety guidelines are
 basically just state overreach. Yeah there's a thriving ecosystem.
 So what are they doing when they claim that that's overreach? Do they say that
 we'll can this and keep it for longer than the government says?
 Or are you not technically allowed to home can maybe?
 No you are technically allowed to do it. So what's rebellious about the rebel
 canners? I think they just ignore government food
 safety guidelines. Oh yeah. Good on them. Fighting the good fight.
 William Wordsworth wrote a poem about leeches once. Did he? Yeah it's called
 The Leech Gatherer. I wandered lonely as a leech.
 Can I read you a few lines? Yes please. Okay. From pond to pond he roamed
 gathering leeches far and wide he travelled
 stirring thus about his feet the waters of the pool where they abide
 and then open quote marks once I could meet with them on every side
 but they have dwindled long by slow decay yet still I persevere and find them
 where I may. So he's writing about the decline
 of the English leech gatherer because all the leeches have been
 used up for medicine. Sorry where's where did the quote marks
 quote marks close? Still I'm still going, excuse me.
 Does his poem includes Dan's outro as well?
 Wordsworth. What a thinker. Yeah but he's sort of writing about changing
 industrial conditions for leech. Yeah. You know working yeah yeah.
 And there was an anarchist community in the late 19th century
 in America called the Mutual Home Colony Association.
 Things were going really well no one's in charge they're all growing their own
 food doing all this kind of stuff but then some of the anarchists
 wanted to go skinny dipping and wear no clothes
 and some of them thought well actually this is the clothes part
 of society I kind of like that part and so there was a big argument
 and nudity was illegal in that part of America and so the people who
 didn't like nudity didn't like the skinny dipping
 went to the police outside of the community and said look there's some
 naked people here and then the police came in and arrested them
 and this obviously went off just went completely off.
 It was known in the press as the nudes versus the prudes.
 Brilliant. One of the prudes had a shop and the nudes
 refused to shop there. The nudes refused to speak to the prudes
 and the prudes retaliated with violence and physically assaulted the nudes in
 the street. Okay I know who's siding on. Who's siding on the nudes?
 If you're not speaking to someone you don't deserve them to come and punch you
 in the face. No I think it was the earlier
 problems you know that led to that. I mean that's where it escalated to.
 But yeah. I think the prudes going and getting the police from outside that's
 a bit like why have you told on me? Yeah if you're an anarchist you
 should be able to solve this within your own. Yeah I believe they tried that.
 I really. They did try to say put some clothes on please.
 It's very hard. My children are here. Yeah if you're in a legal society and
 someone insists on taking all their clothes off I don't know what you
 could do. Yeah it's funny how often the clothes come off
 in these societies isn't it? It just always ends up there.
 So how is that related to this? There was a famous one I can't remember
 but it's called that Louisa May Olcott grew up in. She grew up in like one of
 these communities. The original little woman? Yeah yeah yeah and I wish I could
 remember this but again there was like one person
 who went around with no clothes on. One person who kind of swore all the time
 and just was like okay well I'm an anarchist community I'm just gonna swear
 because you can't do anything. That's so Joe.
 I think there was one person who would say everything backwards
 or something. Can't think of which of the sisters that's like no.
 They're like well you know I'm not part of America anymore. I can speak backwards
 if I want. Wow. It's like if you're in an anarchist
 community what would you what would you do? Like what is
 what are you not doing because the man is stopping you from doing it?
 Oh gosh that's a good that's a great question. I mean you know my answers
 are all going to be punishingly boring.
 I'm not thatching at the moment because but I don't feel like I'm being stopped by
 the man really.
 I've never honked my horn in my life in a angry way because whenever something
 happens on the road I assume it's my fault. Anna always does it when she's
 happiest. I do it. I do a hello honk and you
 know there's that horrible thing where you're like how do I make this honk to
 my friend who I'm passing by for instance sound like a hello
 rather than an angry and you've got to do a bit of a
 boop boop boop. But your car does go ho ho ho.
 And it falls apart whenever you get to your destination.
 Do you know those are illegal in Cambodia? That particular one I just sang.
 Any. Any musical honks. Any musical horns.
 Is it because people honk so much? It is but also I think apparently there's a
 problem with people dancing to them. Right. That doesn't sound like a problem to me.
 Well you want to be in penom pen in rush hour.
 I wonder when you were saying that the birds land down on the ship it suddenly
 made me think okay migrating birds what a great way for
 navigational tools on a on a ship. If you had a migrating birds
 anytime you let it go followed where it was flying off for a bit and then
 manage to bring it back in. Is that what they did? That's so interesting.
 Noah's honk. Noah's honk? Did Noah do that? Yeah.
 Yeah. To where? Where's he really going? He releases the dove
 and it comes back with an olive in its beak. Not an olive. Come on it wasn't
 18 olive. And it's holding a martini in its claws.
 Sorry, an olive branch. And he's like, ah, there'll be land.
 You know that's and then. It was from Devon, wasn't it?
 Um I found one as well which is do you know that New Zealand has a coat of
 arms? I'd actually never seen it before but as a coat of arms and there are
 people on it. Oh. There's a there's a woman on it.
 And the woman is Grace Kelly the actor. Yeah.
 Is she New Zealander? No she's not but in 1949
 there was an election of the first national government and the new
 attorney general who was called Jack Marshall who later became prime minister
 he had the responsibility of running the committee for the coat of arms
 and he asked for the woman to be redrawn based on the likeness of Grace Kelly
 because that was his favorite actress. Oh really? Yeah. So she's on forever now.
 New Zealand has Grace Kelly on it. Yeah.
 It's weird isn't it? Yeah. It's weird. It's weird seeing this thing because
 you get a lot of like with these statues of generic female statues which are
 based on models you get a lot of women who are kind of frozen in
 time forever so there was. Well like the statue of Liberty was
 based on his mum wasn't it? Eiffel's mum. Right, exactly.
 And Audrey Munson have we I don't think we've mentioned her. Audrey Munson no we
 haven't she's amazing. So she's she's in about 30 or 40
 statues across New York like loads and loads and loads of statues because
 when these amazing buildings were being thrown up all over New York the New
 York Public Library the Manhattan Municipal Building
 she was incredibly fashionable she was modeling for sculptors she was
 very famous and very famously beautiful she's all over New York basically.
 So weird you will have seen her but you've never heard of her if you're in New York
 you've seen her. Yeah yeah she's everywhere and she but she had a really
 tragic life because it sort of all went wrong for her and she struggled with
 mental illness and suicide attempts and things like that she
 and she was confined to an institution relatively soon after
 her period of enormous fame and the amazing thing is she was she lived there
 for 65 years. Yeah in this institution didn't she? She died in 1996, aged 104.
 Wow. So when she was still alive all of the
 statues of her were around everywhere. Exactly, yeah. Yeah but no one even knew
 it was only in 2016 that they discovered that that was her who died in 96 no one
 knew who she was anymore. Do you think she would have walked around going
 fucks a bit lightly? Yeah I mean yeah yeah. Going paranoid yeah thinking why you're on
 the treatment shelf. The statues me yeah. There was the weirdest thing about her
 was that she became an actress and was in some films but really only played
 parts and films that involved her being a character who posed for sculptors
 and she was in a bunch of films. She was in the first film that featured a
 naked person that wasn't a porn film it was called Inspiration and another
 film called Heedless Moths and she cited. Heedless Moths? Sorry Andy to disappoint
 you. No that's that title is still available to you it's Heedless Moths.
 Oh okay that's interesting. Sorry. That's fine. But the weird thing is she cited as
 the lead actress but she only was in the scenes where she was posing still as a
 model and she had a stunt double who did all of her acting scenes so there's a
 woman called I think called Jane Thomas who was just did all of the actual
 acting in her films. That's so funny. That was excited but she did the sitting
 still and modeling. Like a stunt single. A stunt single exactly yeah yeah. That's
 incredible. So when Garfield was shot Alexander Graham Bell had been testing
 out this metal detector anyway the idea of it and then he tested it by firing
 bullets into animal carcasses and then seeing if he could find them with the
 metal detector. Right. And then he tested it on Civil War veterans who had
 bullets in them still so to see if I can find that and basically Alexander
 Graham Bell got this device really good and then Dr. Bliss if you remember
 President Garfield's doctor who was actually called Doctor his first name.
 No but Dr. Bliss insisted well the bullet's on the right side of the torso
 and we can't find anything on the right side. Garfield dies, autopsy happens,
 bullets on the left side of the torso. Classic Dr. Bliss. No I meant the right
 side as you're as he stands. Stay tried, stay tried. I thought we mentioned the
 problem in that first episode was that he was laying on a bed that had springs
 underneath. That might have been another problem. Yeah.
 So it was metal not he was bouncing up and down too much to be able to.
 He sits still Garfield.
 Did you guys read that interview with Mama Cass' daughter recently?
 So she was famous for having died choking on a ham sandwich
 apparently. That was the story yeah. That was always the story everyone always
 jokes about it and actually we found out where that story
 originally came from and it was a journalist trying to protect her so
 it's quite similar to the Elvis thing where basically this journalist once
 said to Mama Cass' daughter look I'm really sorry I was the one who started
 that story because further her daughter it's been a real pain in the ass because
 everyone goes oh your mum choked on a ham sandwich.
 It's in the Austin Powers movie. It's in the Austin Powers movie. He's going through the
 holodecks of all his friends who've died and deceased drugs, deceased drugs,
 deceased ham sandwich. Ham sandwich. Yeah.
 You were robbed of that part dude. You were absolutely robbed.
 How did you know it was me?
 Anyway as she said to protect the cause of death in case it's something like
 drugs or something. Let's say ham sandwich shows out that's
 worse. Interesting. Do you all have as a result of
 research a favorite ancient coin because I do now?
 Not ancient. I'm not talking like bronze age. I'm talking just sort of like old
 yeah. Well for me it's from 1503 James the Fourth of
 Scotland. He had a coin which was worth about 20
 shillings which was known as the unicorn. What's really nice is
 he basically he had it made specifically or it was made specifically
 to give foreigners who were coming over. So it was kind of a novelty coin
 but it was legal. But it was legal tender. I bet though in a
 your average tavern you would get a really annoyed reaction from the bartender
 if you tried to pay with the unicorn. It is actually legal.
 This is legal. Yeah. Do you say it was James the Fourth?
 Scotland. Scotland. Oh yeah. We'll try spending that south of the border.
 New York stuffed. I imagine people going pups of hope going
 you can be one of the owners of this James the Fourth unicorn
 coin. Only 500 were minted so get in there fast.
 Yeah but that's what's that's what's quite fun. It is a novelty coin back in the
 in the 1500s in the same way that like Bermuda make Bermuda triangle coins that
 are in the shape of triangles. Yeah. I have one of those.
 Do you? Oh I've been trying to get one that's so expensive on eBay and just Matt Parker.
 I thought they stopped producing them so they kind of yeah yeah exactly.
 That's crazy. Yeah so those kind of novelty things.
 Okay that's it. That's your favorite coin. Has anyone else got a favorite coin?
 I've got my I've got a coin from Bhutan which is also a badge.
 So does it have a pin on it? Yeah it's got a pin on the back but it's a
 coin and it's got a big picture of the of Wangchuk the king.
 Was it originally a badge or is it like some novelty shop has made it into a
 badge? All coins badges. All coins were
 badges. There weren't many of them made. They were and again they were just
 novelty ones but it is legal tender and it's got a picture of the king on the
 front and on the back it's got a badge. And is that because people don't really
 have wallets there so you just have to pin all your money to your chest?
 I honestly think it's just to get idiot tourists to buy it.
 Cool. Well it's worked at least once that we know of.
 How hard to lie when someone asks you for money as you're walking by.
 Sorry I just don't carry cash on me anymore. Bottles used to be made of leather
 did they? Yeah and I read this book a tome from 1921 which I found in the
 library called Black Jacks and Leather Bottles.
 The wanderer through this island of ours may sometimes encounter in castle,
 college or manor house certain strange vessels huge pictures and
 corpulent bottles of leather. They are peculiarly English and have been a
 feature of English life down to almost modern times.
 And I just had to type that all out because I couldn't copy and paste it so I
 had to read it out so it's a justified result. It's a problem with books.
 It's this massive tome and it's just exclusively about leather bottles and
 that is one of the most interesting passages in the whole thing. I've got
 I'm afraid to say books have got more interesting since 1921.
 I think they're would impart a bad taste. I even find certain bottles and cans in
 part a bad taste. I think if I was drinking from leather
 it's going to taste like cow. Yeah unless you're drinking bovril
 it'll it won't fit. Oh a nice bottle of bovril.
 That sounds great. Yeah and a blackjack was a leather picture
 or a jug and that's where we get blackjacks you know we like a cosh
 if you again probably in the 40s like um
 I don't know. You get one blackjack. Comey blackjack is um a card game. It's a card game
 but no you know guys he's got a blackjack you know that's a sort of it's a
 little. Doesn't help me. It's doing it in that accent. It's like
 it's a sort of like Philip Marlowe era detective story you know you'd have a
 blackjack in your but it's a little leather bag basically that you can
 use to hit someone very hard. Got it. All right. A bag. Like a bag.
 If you were waiting for the noun. Yeah it was a bag. Come on. Like a bag of
 snooker balls. Yeah exactly that. Like it's equivalent of a
 knuckle duster or something. It's a little thing you can carry on
 you as to use as a weapon. Didn't know that. What?
 Yeah. Not good to know. Good to know the etymology of a word we've never heard of.
 Oh no. So you said he was called John Byrd and
 Sanderson Haldane but he was named after his great uncle who was called John
 Byrd and Sanderson and he was the person who first
 reported that penicillium inhibited the growth of bacteria.
 I thought that was um Fleming. Alexander Fleming. Yes you thought that
 didn't you but actually there are quite a few people before him that
 realized that this mold stopped bacteria from growing but what Fleming did he
 isolated penicillin from the penicillium. Oh. That's way less
 impressive. I know. You played a trick you said penicillium
 and thought like a fool I would just hear penicillin which I did.
 You're a cillium billium. Oh. No. God. Yes John Scott Haldane he also
 came up with the idea of canaries and coal mines. Oh.
 Papa. Papa Haldane. Oh wow. To find out if the
 coal mine is about to kill everyone. Yeah exactly because they will
 faint from gas before the coal mine as well. I thought canary fainting is a
 funny idea isn't it just swimming. Oh. The cages all
 have a little chase long for them to collapse onto. Yeah.
 But when he was doing his experiments on the bends
 going up and down the water column he said that the drum
 of the ear when it explodes because this is what happened to him
 generally heals up and if a hole remains in it although one is somewhat deaf
 one can blow tobacco smoke out of the ear in question.
 So that was his party trick. What senior. Yeah. Oh my goodness. He used to go to
 parties and because he'd done these experiments his eardrum burst and he
 would like smoke a cigarette and blow rings out of his ears.
 No he could have made rings. That's incredible. That's incredible. Of course he could. Of course
 he could. Yeah I completely back it. Okay. Because you always hear oh it's ear nose
 and throat don't you and everyone says oh well actually it's ear nose and throat
 you know the ear nose and throat are all connected and you're like yeah yeah yeah
 nose and throat sure. Yeah I feel like a bit of a stretch.
 Come on then. That's someone who's obviously never had an ear infection
 immediately after a sinus infection and immediately after a nose infection.
 That's fair. I'm sure I have actually. I wonder if any kings or queens around the
 world would like to marry some podcasters to help the
 PR. Oh yeah. Great shout out. Yeah you got your eye on James.
 Just for any of us. I know we're all happily married but
 things change life is long. And Prince Andrew's on the lookout.
 Okay that is it. That is all of our outtakes. If you would like to get in
 contact with any of us about the things that we have said over the course of
 this compilation we can all be found on our various social media
 accounts or you can email us at podcast@qi.com.
 Just one more reminder before we wrap up. No such thing as a fish.com/live.
 Come see us on tour. It's going to be an awesome night. Tickets are going quick
 so make sure to book now. Okay that is it. We will be back again in a
 couple of weeks with some more clubfish bonus content. We'll see you then. Goodbye.
