 (ding, ding, ding, ding)
 (speaking in foreign language)
 (ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding)
 Hello and welcome to another episode
 of no such thing as a fish,
 a weekly podcast this week coming to you live
 from Brisbane!
 (audience cheering)
 My name is Dan Schreiber and I am sitting here
 with Annachos Insky, Andrew Hunter Murray,
 and James Harkin.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days.
 And in a particular order, here we go.
 Starting with you, Andy.
 My fact is that during prohibition in America,
 the cops responsible for busting speakeasies did so,
 dressed as grave diggers, farmers, statues,
 opga goers, cowboys, judges,
 bums, and old Italian matrons.
 (audience laughing)
 What was the penultimate one there?
 Bums.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Like homeless people.
 Like homeless people.
 Exactly, yeah.
 What was the statues?
 There weren't just as bottoms on the way
 to a fancy dress party.
 (laughing)
 Although they probably could have done,
 they were incredible.
 They had, there were two agents and they had this massive,
 they were the best prohibition enforcing agents.
 So prohibition, 1919 to 1933, alcohol,
 sales were banned across America.
 And there were these guys called Isadot Einstein and Mo Smith.
 And they arrested 4,900 people in--
 Wow.
 Yeah, I know.
 And the conviction rate was 95%.
 They were incredible.
 But they were mainly famous for their disguises.
 So they had a dressing up box.
 They dressed as tram conductors, or opera singers sometimes.
 They went to the Democratic National Convention,
 disguised as politicians.
 But where would they, so like, if they were opera singers,
 were they just going to bars and just being like,
 "Hello."
 What does an opera singer look like, I guess, as a question?
 Yeah.
 Sometimes they would, there were some bars
 which were next to opera houses, I think.
 But they, yeah, go on.
 They like to go for all the different countries as well,
 didn't they?
 All the different nationalities.
 So apparently they dressed as a German pickle packer,
 a pol, I mean, that's just nice to say, isn't it?
 (laughing)
 A Polish count, a Hungarian violinist,
 a Yiddish gravedigger, a French matredi,
 an Italian fruit vendor, and a Russian fisherman.
 They were incredible.
 Supposedly, Einstein and Smith, both dudes,
 once posed as husband and wife,
 which is a much easier costume for one of them
 than it is for the other one.
 'Cause these were two big guys.
 And they said that no one would,
 no one suspected them of being prohibition agents
 because they just looked unlikely.
 So the pickle thing.
 And everyone was so pissed, they didn't notice.
 Sometimes they would go up to a bar
 and they'd say, "I'm a prohibition agent.
 "Let me in."
 And they would say, "Yeah, very funny.
 "In you go."
 And then they'd go in and arrest everybody.
 Wow, that's like jediism.
 So that happened once to it.
 He had the prohibition badge on his coat.
 And he said to him, "Would you sell a pint of whiskey
 "to a deserving prohibition agent, wink, wink?"
 Like pretending that he wasn't.
 And the guy said, "Oh yeah, of course, there you go."
 Well, that badge is amazing.
 Where'd you get it from?
 And he said, "I'll show you where it came from."
 Wow.
 And they took him straight down the station.
 Wow.
 They also said props were very important to their whole act,
 didn't they?
 They were auditioning for the circus at all times.
 But they love props, so they kept with them
 in their, in their satchel a string of fish, apparently,
 a picture of milk, some trombones, a piece of gold.
 Oh, this is Mary Poppins' s satchel.
 When you said a picture of milk, do you mean...
 I don't mean a milk portrait, James.
 Hi, we are milk photographers,
 and we'd like to come into your bath, please.
 LAUGHTER
 But the best part they had was this thing that one of them invented.
 I think it was Izzy, who invented it as the Einstein,
 was an artificial gullet.
 And this was so that he could pretend to drink in a bar
 without actually having to drink,
 because then he's sort of condoning the drinking.
 So it was an artificial gullet.
 It was a rubber bag that he hid inside his shirt.
 It was connected by a rubber tube to a funnel
 that was sewn into his vest pocket.
 And so he'd asked for a drink.
 The bummer would serve him a drink, and then he'd pretend to drink it,
 well, actually pouring it into his front pocket,
 where it got siphoned into this sack
 that he was hiding in his belly.
 That's really cool. That's amazing.
 A lot of effort. I like the tricks as well,
 because these guys were playing tricks on the drinkers,
 but also the people manufacturing the alcohol
 who were known as the moon shiners.
 They had amazing tricks as well to get past the agents
 who were trying to bust them.
 My favorite one is they developed these things
 that were shoes that had cow hooves on the bottom.
 So when it looked like they'd found some tracks
 of a human-making moon shine, he said, "Ah, no, it's just a cow."
 Oh, it's just a cow walking along the two legs.
 Yes.
 Towards this abandoned still of alcohol.
 Well, we'll never solve it.
 [LAUGHTER]
 It was amazing.
 These guys, Einstein and Smith, they arrested 180 rabbis.
 And sometimes-- so Einstein was Jewish himself.
 And he once got told that he didn't look Jewish enough
 to go into this bar, which really annoyed him
 because he was Jewish, but he was a prohibition agent.
 So he sent along a non-Jewish agent
 and who did get it and then arrested them anyway.
 Well, is he Einstein went into a bar once?
 And the barman recognized him.
 And he said, that's you, that Izzy Epstein, isn't it?
 And the guy said, don't you mean Izzy Einstein?
 And then they got into a big argument.
 And Izzy said, I bet you one drink that is Izzy Einstein.
 [LAUGHTER]
 They bet the drink, and when he poured in the drink,
 he coughed him and said, I've got some pretty bad news
 for your hair guys.
 [LAUGHTER]
 People were very stupid in prohibition,
 aren't they?
 No signs.
 But the rabbi thing is interesting,
 because one of the only ways you could get alcohol
 during prohibition, at least at the start,
 we've got a bit of laksa, was if you're a priest or a rabbi,
 because you might need wine in your any religious rituals.
 And so suddenly, the number of priests and rabbis
 really skyrocketed during this period.
 And in California, where there are a lot of Catholics,
 very Catholic region, suddenly, the amount of wine
 being made for the sacrament increased by 700%.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Everyone extremely religious.
 I like that.
 They used to-- other methods that they would sort of get
 the alcohol is, from the Canadian border,
 they would fire alcohol torpedoes underneath the great lakes
 towards the American side.
 Yeah, so there was an agent who was sitting in the lake
 one day fishing, and this thing just went underneath them.
 And there was that, and they found it.
 And it was a torpedo packed with alcohol on the inside.
 Well, because they used to-- the boats,
 when they were smuggling sort of whiskey in, let's say,
 sometimes there'd be a police raid on the boats.
 And so a lot of boats would suddenly dump all their whiskey
 and disappear, let's say they're coming up to Coney Island.
 And so it used to actually wash up on beaches.
 You'd be on the beach.
 And a whole case of whiskey would just wash up for you.
 Wow.
 It was a good time.
 I found a--
 [LAUGHTER]
 It was a happy time.
 They also used to put them in canned fruit.
 So there's a liquid with the fruit.
 Well, the liquid would be the alcohol.
 So they would do that.
 Yeah.
 And what you were saying about the agents,
 they had a sort of interesting situation with their agents
 where some of them were amazing in doing
 these fancy dress box things.
 But other ones, they were so underpaid
 that they were susceptible to bribes.
 So they were being paid to be prohibition agents.
 They were being paid less than garbage collectors
 were being paid.
 So they were really susceptible to these bribes.
 And one in 10 of the prohibition agents actually
 got dismissed from being caught for taking bribes.
 It's a huge rate of, yeah, using them as smugglers themselves.
 So they tried to bring prohibition to Australia.
 You had a vote in Queensland in the 1930s
 and you voted against it in enormous numbers.
 [LAUGHTER]
 The biggest democratic turn out ever after that.
 But there was one place where they did have it.
 And that was in the Australian capital territory.
 OK.
 So--
 Bunch of squares, right, guys?
 Yeah.
 Cool.
 Well, kind of, but for a little while,
 the only place where you could get alcohol in the capital
 territory was in Parliament House.
 Wow.
 Everyone else had to go over the border,
 but you could get it in there.
 And the guy who was behind this whole law
 was a guy called King O'Malley.
 And he, according to Wikipedia,
 is particularly remembered for his role
 in the establishments of the Commonwealth Bank,
 the selection of Canberra as a national capital
 and taking the U out of the name of the Australian Labour Party.
 Really?
 That was him.
 Equally important contribution to the nation of Australia.
 People who campaign are very interested.
 People who are so devoted to campaign.
 So there was one woman called Carrie Nation.
 This was after Maine outlawed alcohol in 1851.
 So they did it well before the rest of the states.
 But the law was repealed.
 She was really unhappy that alcohol was on sale again.
 So she and her associates would smash up bars with axes.
 This is a very devout, sweet looking Christian lady.
 Dozens of women would turn up and sing hymns,
 and then Carrie would smash the bar with an axe.
 And she was frequently being fined,
 but she paid all the fines by selling souvenir axes.
 [LAUGHTER]
 It was very much a women's movement thing, a lot of it, wasn't it?
 And to be fair, there was a lot of problems with alcohol
 and sort of wife beating the town of the century
 and a lot of violence.
 But yeah, the women's movement, they
 used to have a lot of temperance meetings
 about how to make prohibition work because it wasn't working.
 There were a few meetings where they suggested ways
 of punishing drinkers more, some of these suggestions
 that women put forward were that people
 caught drinking or selling alcohol, we should say,
 because it wasn't illegal to drink.
 It was illegal to sell alcohol, wasn't it?
 People caught selling alcohol should it be sterilized?
 Or one woman suggested they should be locked up
 in a bottle-shaped cage in town centers
 so that you could walk past and cheer at them.
 And another one suggested they should be hung by the tongue
 from a plane and flown over the US.
 Whoa!
 Someone needs a drink.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Calm down.
 Such a resource-heavy punishment as well.
 One plane per person.
 [LAUGHTER]
 No, because you could get more than one person on a plane.
 Depends on the size of the plane.
 If you got like a Brian error, an easy budget airline.
 Yeah, there's a couple of budget airlines here.
 -Jet Star? -Jet Star.
 Yeah.
 -Tiger hour? -Local reference.
 Take.
 Have you-- it doesn't count when you ask the audience
 at a local rep.
 What's a good bit to say here?
 [LAUGHTER]
 Hey, we need to move on in a sec to our next fact.
 Oh, can I-- I've got such good boot lagging trial
 that this was in L.A. and there was a trial that was looking
 into whether someone had been boot lagging
 had been illegally selling alcohol.
 But it all turned on its head.
 And in the end, the jury itself ended up
 being put on trial after they drank all of the evidence.
 [LAUGHTER]
 OK, it is time for fact number two.
 And that is Chazinski.
 My fact is that spider wrestling was banned in the Philippines
 because children found it more entertaining than going to lessons.
 Which is unsurprising, really.
 So it's a big deal.
 In the Philippines, it has been for a number of decades.
 And there are lots of instances of educational districts
 banning it.
 And so the earliest I could find is a 1982 article.
 But there's a 2003 report which says,
 loads of districts banned spider wrestling
 because it turned out there was a lot of truancy
 because boys were going out and hunting spiders
 for their wrestling matches rather than going to school.
 And also, it was thought to be a slippery slope
 on the road to being a gambling addict.
 And it still kind of is.
 It thought was the first step on the way
 to a serious gambling problem.
 And it's basically school boys.
 And always boys, never girls in the Philippines,
 find two spiders, and they peel them on a stick.
 And they make them fight each other.
 And then they put tiny amounts of money on it.
 I'll add the way you said in the Philippines,
 as if in the UK it's just girls doing it.
 Oh, it's a very feminist game in the UK.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Equal representation.
 It does sound pretty exciting.
 Yeah.
 How's it by speaking?
 Well, they wrestle until one of them is overpowered.
 And there are various-- sometimes they separate them
 before they kill each other, these spiders.
 Which must be very hard, I imagine.
 Break it up there.
 Above the belt.
 Some of the formal fights, I can't believe they're
 a formal fight, but there are formal fights.
 They have polystyrene foam on the ground,
 so spider won't hurt itself if it plummets from the stick.
 Despite the fact that famously spiders are not hurt
 when they fall to the ground.
 Is that famous?
 It's--
 I think you're thinking you've cat.
 I'm thinking of cats.
 You have been fighting the wrong animals.
 I've only researched cat fighting cats.
 Very much a women's spot cat fighting as well.
 Oh, technically, though, that was genius.
 Just on the technical.
 I just say how a spider can win a spider fight.
 Oh, yeah.
 Because there are not very good ways.
 OK, it's already spider listening.
 Here's some more tips.
 If you kill the other spider, you've won, well done.
 If you seriously enter the other spider, you've won.
 Or if you manage to wrap the other spider in a cocoon,
 then you have won.
 Wow.
 Some spiders try to escape, as you would,
 by dropping off the stick and weaving a thread.
 So hang on a thread.
 But if your spider does that three times,
 it's disqualified, and you've lost.
 Wow.
 So you can't get away that easy.
 I was looking into different spiders
 and their fighting abilities that if they were brought
 to the fight, what they could bring.
 So they are the same species, I guess, these ones.
 That's being the Philippines.
 I guess there's a particular species
 that gets used to a lot called the argyope spider,
 which is apparently a pretty cool spider in the ring.
 Or on the stick.
 But now you've got some better ones.
 So yeah, so this is just spiders from around the world.
 So there's the different fighting styles
 that you can have.
 There's the fishing spider who uses the patient's style.
 Place cards with it.
 Yeah, so it waits on the edge of a water just silently.
 That would have worked really well if that wasn't a one-player game.
 [LAUGHTER]
 But technically, brilliant.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Sorry, Dan.
 Well, no, it sits on the edge of a water,
 and it just patiently waits until it sees the prey coming.
 And then it goes for it.
 And it has a great success, but it stays very still.
 So that's the patience.
 There's the spitter, which is the spitting spider.
 It spits a mixture of venom, glue, and silk at its prey,
 so it captures it, and it kind of kills it with the venom.
 So that's an amazing technique that you could use.
 There's the mimic.
 This is one that uses a little bit of silk
 where they emulate a female moth, and they attract male moths
 to the scent, and they land on it, and they get stuck,
 and they bring them up, and then they kill them.
 And then there's the bite right there.
 Wait, hang on, hang on.
 No, go on.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Well, the moth one is not spider versus moth, these fights.
 Does it trick the other spider into thinking,
 well, it's a moth?
 Where's my spider opponent?
 And then it bounces.
 No, you're right.
 I've gone, I've gone mixed species, martial arts there.
 Yeah.
 [LAUGHTER]
 That is definitely no use for that.
 Yeah, the vibrator is a nice one.
 This is the--
 [LAUGHTER]
 --it goes onto other spiders' webs,
 and it mimics the vibrations of an insect that's caught,
 or another spider walking across it,
 but it doesn't get stuck itself.
 And then the spider comes to eat its prey,
 but then gets eaten itself.
 Yeah, nice, that's great.
 But you can't really put spiders of different species
 against each other, can you?
 Because they're just so different.
 You kind of like have a tarantula
 against a money spider, because that's just not going to work.
 Well, there are weight categories, so that wouldn't work.
 Ah, there.
 Yeah.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Just because the longest spider sperm is twice as long
 as a smallest spider, it's just a fact I have here.
 But it's an example of the difference between the different spiders.
 What fighting style would that be called?
 It's like the drowning style.
 Oh, my goodness.
 Crickets fight, as well.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah, you have crickets-- well, they're
 made to fight by evil humans.
 But this was a huge thing in China.
 And it was banned during communist times,
 because it seemed to be a bourgeois hobby,
 making crickets fight each other.
 But they are given herbal baths before each fight there,
 and said, I'm not kidding, they're put near water with herbs in it.
 They're given a maggot before a fight to incentivize them.
 They are trained by fighting their coaches,
 holding mouse whiskers to see if they can successfully
 wrestle, you know, like a sparring thing.
 And they get conjugal visits from lady crickets, as well.
 They do, do they?
 Yeah, do they?
 They do, do they?
 Before a fight, because I was reading one trainer saying
 that it relaxes them if they get to have sex before a fight.
 These crickets.
 Because like you would hear about sports people not
 having sex before fights.
 Crickets, for example.
 Yes.
 Crickets, crickets, all right.
 That was technically very good.
 Thank you, James.
 Well, in these-- so in these cricket fights,
 I did try and find out whether any people cheat in the cricket fights.
 But it turns out that if you Google cricket cheats,
 it's very hard to find.
 But the Chinese cricket thing is it is amazing,
 because culturally, it was very much part of the emperors
 used to have crickets in their bedside table, basically.
 Because people would go to sleep to the sound of crickets.
 It would be very relaxing.
 Still to this day, $63 million is spent annually
 on tending to pet crickets.
 And like the spiders, there's no casualty in the cricket
 fighting.
 They sort of gnash their teeth at each other.
 And then the loser is the first cricket to just turn away.
 Just be like, oh, I can't do this anymore.
 And it's like, oh, game over.
 Yeah, Mr. Cricket, number one wins.
 They do treat the spiders very well as well in their Philippines.
 They're trained up, and they're given this special diet,
 like proper athletes.
 And they're fed on chili peppers,
 because that's thought to make them a bit more aggro.
 And then they're starved for the day before the fight,
 because again, that makes you kind of angry and uptight.
 But it's thought that the best spider to get
 is one that lives on electricity lines,
 because the electricity pulsing through your body
 gives you special kind of magic powers, like a super spider.
 Wow.
 So they're the most powerful fighters.
 It's not true.
 Oh.
 This is the opinion of turning old boys down.
 To make a whipspider really aggressive,
 you can shave its legs.
 Really?
 Because they are notably third-wave feminists,
 and they don't like that kind of thing.
 They're not doing it for you.
 They're not doing it for anybody.
 Why does that piss them off?
 Well, basically, what it is is they kind of,
 rather than normally fight, they do air punches at each other,
 and the way that you feel it is in the hair on your legs,
 and so if it can't feel the air punches of the other guy,
 it doesn't recognize that it's been aggressive towards it,
 and so then it will be more aggressive towards the other spider.
 So the way they fight is essentially by fanning each other.
 Pretty much.
 Oh, that's hardcore than I thought.
 He's spiders.
 Do you know how scientists do experiments on Black Widow spiders?
 I just really like this.
 No.
 They have to intimidate Black Widow spiders,
 but obviously Black Widow is quite dangerous.
 So they have jelly fingers, and they have to prod the Black Widow
 with a gelatin finger.
 Oh, really?
 Yeah.
 That's rather sweet.
 That makes sense.
 It does make sense.
 It makes perfect sense.
 It would be a more interesting fact if I said,
 do you know how they do it?
 They just go right in there and rest me in person.
 Female spiders, quite scary to male spiders, very often.
 Obviously, we know there's a lot of cannibalism in the spider world.
 Femals are always eating the males rather than having sex with them,
 often just before it, instead.
 They decide they're hungry rather than horny.
 And spiders have developed all these ways
 to combat that male spider.
 So there's one male spider that emits this airborne chemical,
 which is kind of like the Rohit male of the spider world.
 It knocks out.
 Well, it makes her kind of woozy.
 So this chemical makes her a bit sleepy,
 and she doesn't fight back, and she doesn't eat him.
 And then there's another one, which practices bondage.
 So male spiders will sort of play a bit of footsie.
 Yeah.
 That's someone who's in danger of being eaten by their partner.
 They start tickling their legs,
 and then really quickly weave the silk all around them.
 So they tie their legs together,
 and then they can have sex with them again without being eaten.
 It's called a bridal veil when some spiders do that.
 That's so much nicer than you saying it was bondage, right?
 Well, this is nursery web spiders.
 They have to tie females down with silk shackles,
 basically, not to be eaten.
 And scientists know this, because they
 decided to block up the male's spinnerets.
 So they couldn't weave the thing over the female,
 and then the males always got eaten in those experiments.
 Which is pretty rough on the male.
 Yeah.
 Says, we're just going to take away the one thing
 you can do to defend yourself.
 In you go, good luck on your date.
 I found a couple of things.
 This fact was about this practice of spider wrestling
 being banned in the Philippines.
 So I looked into a few other things.
 They've been banned in the Philippines.
 And just one that I thought was really interesting.
 Their president, Deterte, very recently,
 banned tourists from going to a place called Borrake.
 This is fresh in the news as we're recording it.
 This is one of the top tourist destinations
 that they have in the Philippines.
 It turns over an annual $1 billion.
 It's massive for them.
 And it's because a few hundred businesses
 had sewage waste problems that they weren't dealing with.
 So he's shut it down for six months.
 So one of the leading tourist places in the world right now
 is complete lockdown.
 No one is allowed to go to.
 So financially, it's going to absolutely ruin them.
 It's going to be very interesting.
 And then this is really weird.
 Supposedly, the song "My Way" by Frank Sinatra
 has been banned by karaoke use in the Philippines,
 not officially, but most people have taken it off of them.
 Because the only way is Deterte's way.
 This has been over 10 or so years,
 people have been getting into violent fights.
 There's been deaths off the back of people
 getting up and going, I'm going to sing "My Way,"
 start singing it.
 Why?
 They think that they're just saying something
 of huge arrogance on stage.
 It's what they think.
 They haven't got great answers.
 But there's been six deaths associated with "My Way"
 at karaoke.
 And so they've just taken it off all the machines going,
 we can't afford a death in our karaoke club.
 Let's sing "Bee-Gees" instead.
 Stay in our life.
 Stay in our life.
 Stay in our life.
 Stay in our life.
 Stay in our life.
 Stay in our life.
 Stay in our life.
 Stay in our life.
 Alright, let's move on.
 OK, it is time for fact number three.
 And that is "My Fact."
 "My Fact This Week" is that there are more people pretending
 to be Vikings in the game "Vikings War of Clans"
 than there were ever actual Vikings on Earth.
 [LAUGHTER]
 It's not incredible.
 That's amazing.
 Yeah, so I got sent this fact in by a very good friend
 of the podcast.
 He's appeared on a few times.
 He's called "Leven Skyrus," a Belgian scientist comedian.
 And he was watching a video, which they explained
 that there were 20 million Vikings on this game and growing.
 And so he went to verify it.
 He went to a page on Wikipedia that showed
 the total population of Scandinavia in the year 1,000.
 He found it was less than 1 million.
 Vikings lasted from the year 793 to 1066.
 So about 300 years, roughly 12 generations
 that would leave to 12 million Vikings.
 And that's if all the Scandinavians were Vikings.
 So it's a big number underneath the 20 million.
 So we have more Vikings in this game than ever were in real life.
 I would still back the actual Vikings in a fight
 against the people playing this game.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I was looking at some other games to see
 if there were more of the real things and the actual players.
 Oh, OK, yeah.
 I was looking at Farmville.
 Do you remember Farmville?
 Yeah.
 So at one stage, there were 311 million people
 playing it worldwide.
 Do you think there are more or less actual farmers in the world
 than us?
 More.
 I mean, there are far fewer than that.
 More.
 I say it's exactly the same.
 Exactly.
 To the number.
 To the number three and one million.
 The internet seems to think there are 570 million farms
 in the world, so they're a little bit off.
 Damn, that was right.
 Yeah.
 That's a very rare occurrence.
 I'm right.
 So I'll take that.
 And FIFA 18 came out in 2018.
 And their number of users went up to 1.6 million.
 Now, do you think there are more or fewer footballers?
 Actual footballers in the world than that.
 What professional footballers?
 People who are signed up to FIFA.
 What's footballers?
 Oh, a fewer.
 I don't think there are 1.6 million footballers.
 OK.
 According to FIFA, there are 265 million footballers in the world.
 No.
 We wouldn't know if there was.
 Shit.
 I know.
 But this is according to FIFA on their actual website.
 To get everyone together, you've got one footballer to two farmers.
 Our priorities are way out of whack.
 And because they have to fight over the same field as well.
 Apparently, and this is genuinely according to FIFA,
 there are 26 million registered footballers in China.
 And that is more than the population of Australia,
 which is 24 million.
 Wow.
 It's too many.
 It can't be.
 I found a few weird games that exist as online games, as digital games.
 So Donald Rumsfeld, the former Secretary of Defense of America
 and the Bush administration, he released a game.
 Really?
 Yeah, it's called Churchill Solitaire.
 And it's a game that Churchill used to play.
 It was sort of different rules, and Churchill was obsessed with it.
 And so Donald Rumsfeld teamed up with this team to do it.
 He learned it from a man who used to play it with Winston Churchill.
 And so he thought these are amazing rules.
 And when they released the game--
 this is the quote from the company that released it--
 Mr. Rumsfeld can't code.
 He doesn't much even know how to use a computer.
 But he was guided by his young digital-minded associates
 who assembled the video games with the same method
 he used to rule the Pentagon, a flurry of memos called snowflakes.
 As a result, Churchill Solitaire is likely
 to be the only video game developed by an 83-year-old man
 using a dictaphone to record memos for the program.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Hey, why didn't he just use his fingers to phone?
 [LAUGHTER]
 Well, just a celebrity video games is a thing.
 So Kanye Weston, out in 2016, he was working on a video game.
 And the aim of the computer game that Kanye West was launching
 was that you had to escort his deceased mother
 through the gates of heaven by holding her up to the light.
 Oh, my God.
 Now, it's not out yet.
 A lot of people claim it's not going to happen.
 But in September, last year, the game studio developing it.
 So no, no, no.
 We're still working on the Kanye West deceased mum game.
 Wow.
 So look out for that.
 There is a new app, which is available in China.
 And it's a game where you applaud speeches
 by Chinese President Xi Jinping.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And you have to applaud them as much as you can
 by just mashing your button as much as you can.
 Oh, my God.
 And apparently, the record for button mashing on this game
 is 60 button presses per second.
 Wow.
 That sounds like a fee for start, doesn't it?
 [LAUGHTER]
 Apparently, that's true.
 I guess if you use multiple fingers,
 if you can bash 10 fingers at once.
 Yeah.
 And if you think you're going to get arrested,
 if you don't get it, you can achieve great things.
 Michael Jackson released a Compute Game.
 Yeah.
 He was involved with the Bay Compute Games,
 but in one of the Michael Jackson's moonwalker,
 you had to control Jackson to save kidnapped children
 from a villain.
 Wow.
 Please.
 And they played versions of his hits in the background.
 You normally defeated the villains by moonwalking
 or by doing dance moves.
 It was a great game.
 Did you play it?
 Yeah, as a kid a lot.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, I didn't think of how you just put it in context,
 but yeah, sort of regret it now.
 [LAUGHTER]
 That was the great video game crash of the 1980s.
 It was a huge deal in video game, well, but it was 1982.
 It was when all video games went really weird and really
 crap, because everyone jumped on board, made them cheaply.
 There was one in 1982 that came out, which
 was called Communist Mutants from Space.
 This was obviously late Cold War.
 And the way it worked was you were fighting against aliens
 from a Communist planet, which was called Ruski.
 And it was amazing the Democrat planet.
 And the aliens leader was a mother creature.
 And she'd gone mad from drinking too much irradiated vodka.
 How do they think of these things?
 Wow.
 Hey, we need to move on, Shirley, to our next bag.
 You know Second Life?
 Second Life, a big online thing.
 Second Life has support groups called things like,
 has Second Life taken over your life?
 Unfortunately, they take place inside Second Life.
 Oh, my God.
 Oh, wow.
 So you have to be playing to take part?
 That's so sad.
 I just had a look at a couple of games that Vikings might play.
 Oh, cool, yeah.
 So one game that they played in the longhouse
 after their meal was called Haneutu Cast.
 And their game was you threw bones at other players
 with the intent of causing an injury.
 And then you used their bones for the next game.
 Can I throw a bone pretty hard to actually extract another bone?
 Is that where the phrase "throw me a bone" comes from?
 I shouldn't think so.
 No.
 OK, sorry, no James, you got no?
 Oh, just that another one is they had swimming competitions.
 But the goal of their swimming competitions
 was not who could get their quickest.
 It was who could hold his opponent underwater for the longest.
 That would be so much more exciting to watch.
 Just as an Olympic suggestion, too.
 All right, it's time to move on to our final fact of the show.
 And that is James.
 OK, my fact this week is that Aussie Osborne's 1992
 TAR was called No Martos.
 His 2018 TAR is called No Martos 2.
 And has he confirmed how many in the series?
 Oh, I think he's going to go forever, isn't he?
 Yeah, he's going to.
 In between, he did a retirement sucks, TAR.
 Wow, yeah.
 But the No Martos was originally No Martias.
 And then he was misdiagnosed now with multiple sclerosis.
 And then he renamed it No Martos.
 And he thought he would never TAR again.
 But he is out there now.
 Yeah, I love-- I was looking into TAR names, generally,
 because they're all quite fun.
 Sometimes bands do have some really good ones.
 Peter Gabriel of Genesis, he used to have a great one.
 So Peter Gabriel once had a TAR, which
 was called China 1984 TAR.
 The interesting thing about this is that TAR took place
 in Europe and the USA in 1980.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So it had no relevance whatsoever to China 1984 TAR.
 He also did playtime, 1988 TAR.
 That took place in 1982.
 Yeah, he just thought-- he thought, ah, it doesn't matter.
 Just any old shitty name's going to work.
 Elson John once had louder than a concord,
 but not quite as pretty, which I think
 is a really nice name for a TAR.
 Yeah.
 One direction once TAR'd under the name, take me home,
 which doesn't imply that they really
 want to be there in the first place.
 Some 41 did a reunion tour, and they called it.
 Don't call it a sum back tour.
 Very--
 You were the consultant James on that tour, weren't you?
 Elson John first-- his first retirement tour
 was announced in 1977.
 And he is now doing his final retirement tour.
 I think it's going to take him three years
 to get all the way around the world.
 Yeah.
 But Ozzy Osborne was a bit of a rocker, wasn't he?
 Still is, I guess, although he doesn't drink any more.
 And I think one of the reasons is because according
 to his autobiography, he was invited in 1981
 to a meeting with the head of CBS Europe.
 And he decided to lighten the mood a bit
 by doing a strip tease on the table,
 and then kissing the record executive on the lips.
 And Sharon later on told him that he'd actually
 performed a Nazi goose step up and down on the table
 before dipping his testicles into the executive's wine
 and then urinating in it.
 Wow.
 He really-- he doesn't disappoint.
 You think you're going to look up Ozzy Osborne
 and find out he's not actually as mad as he seems.
 But my Lord, he--
 It's amazing.
 He once got bored and he dragged a shark--
 don't know where he got the shark, no information on that--
 dragged a shark into the hotel room, a dead shark,
 threw the hotel room window, soaked in blood,
 and covered the hotel room in shark's blood.
 What?
 He did genuinely bite the head of two live doves
 during a meeting with a PR manager.
 So he'd meant to let them off at the end of the meeting.
 But she says something that really irritated him.
 So instead of that, he took out two of his three
 live doves and bit the head.
 Two of his three?
 Yeah.
 No, what third one must have been absolutely terrifying?
 This magic actor's gone very sour.
 You know the tiny-- if you've seen spinal tap,
 you know they do a thing where they have to perform.
 They get the dimensions wrong and they
 perform in front of this tiny stone hand, which is about--
 it's about 12 inches high and it's at a tall feet high.
 So Black Sabbath went on tour in 1983.
 They had a replica of Stonehenge on stage,
 and it was so massive that it didn't fit on stage.
 None of it could fit on stage.
 So I think-- really?
 I think they wanted it and they got it in a meter.
 So I think that's where that comes from.
 Wow.
 Yeah, that's so cool.
 That must have been onto that, yeah?
 I really like the Aussie Osborne, obviously, famously.
 So the doves story, but the famous one is the bat story.
 So he bit off a bat's head on stage.
 And the story goes that, in fact, he didn't know it was a bat.
 He thought it was a rubber bat that a fan had thrown on to stage,
 picked it up, bit the head off, and then
 realized that it was an actual bat.
 And that's the big story of Aussie Osborne
 from his, from his drunken drug days.
 But a few years back in 2010, he was trying to convert part
 of his Buckingham Shura state.
 But he couldn't, because it turned out
 that he had bats in the loft, and there were protected species.
 So unless he promised to protect them,
 he wasn't able to do anything about it.
 Wow.
 Yeah, so they finally got there.
 The idea was that, like you say, that's what happened.
 He said that-- sorry about this, but he said that as he
 bit it off, he felt the head twitch in his mouth.
 OK.
 But according to the guy who claims that he was the one who
 threw it on stage called Mark Neal, he'd
 found the bat two weeks earlier, and it was alive.
 But by the time he'd taken to it, it was long dead.
 And so he'd actually put a dead bat in his mouth,
 according to that guy.
 Wow.
 I don't know who to believe.
 I don't know, which is worse.
 No, they're both pretty awful.
 Yeah, they're both horrible.
 Yeah.
 So the drummer was called Bill Ward.
 And Tony Iomey, one of the other band members,
 was a known prankster.
 But they particularly loved setting the drummer on fire.
 So apparently, they related a story of one show where Tony
 said to Bill, I'd like to set you on fire now, please.
 And apparently, Bill said, I don't really
 want you to, not now.
 And then at the end of the show, he came out to Tony and said,
 OK, well, I have to go home in a minute.
 So do you want to set me on fire or what?
 He did.
 He sprayed him with lighter fluid, covered him
 in lighter fluid, lit a match.
 And he was wearing polyester pants,
 and said that he went up extremely fast.
 And he was on the floor screaming and crying.
 And Tony said, I couldn't help him,
 because I was so busy laughing.
 It actually turned out to be quite serious.
 And I felt very bad for him yet.
 And ambulance was called.
 And again, in 1980, he got third degree burns,
 because they set fire to him again.
 He just kept on volunteering for this.
 Wow.
 Well, he's actually-- he's one of the few people on Earth
 who's had his entire DNA sequenced for some years.
 He's one of the ones you mean?
 Sorry, Ozzy Osborne, yeah.
 He's one of the few people who's had his DNA sequenced.
 So James Watson had his-- a few others.
 And he was done by a scientist who wanted to work out
 how the hell he's still alive, basically.
 They were like, does he have a special gene?
 Does he have anything?
 And he does have a few oddities within his body.
 Nothing major.
 He's got a bit of neanderthal in him as well.
 Oh, but we all do, don't we?
 Yeah.
 But he's probably got a bit more than most.
 Yeah, he's up to like 70%.
 No, we all have like two or three percent, don't we?
 But they found that he had a little bit more than most.
 Yeah.
 But yeah, so he had a few bits that could process alcohol
 a bit more addictively.
 And that's why it made him an addict.
 So they did learn a lot from doing it.
 They said he was 2.6 times more likely to hallucinate
 on marijuana.
 He had an increased risk of cocaine addiction.
 He was six times more likely than average
 to be alcohol dependent.
 But weirdly, the person who conducted the test said,
 Aussie Aussie wants kryptonite is caffeine, which is bizarre,
 because he's taken every single drug under the sun.
 But apparently, yeah, he's extremely slow to metabolize
 coffee.
 So if you think he's a bit of a mess right now,
 it's just because of the coffee thing.
 That's massive.
 That kind of explains one thing I've got here, which
 is that he keeps failing driving tests.
 And one time, he fell asleep during the test.
 That's a major, isn't it?
 Yeah, that's a major.
 I think June's a lack of caffeine, maybe, I don't know.
 He said, when I woke up, there was a note on the seat saying,
 you have failed.
 And yet, the examiner left him the car.
 Yeah.
 Do you want to hear the least rock and roll story I've ever
 heard that was a piece of the Guardian about the worst gigs ever?
 It was very funny.
 And it was the Jonas Brothers.
 Yeah, they started off as a Christian rock band,
 I think, maybe they still are.
 But Joe Jonas said, we played a strawberry festival where
 they actually judge strawberries with taste test and everything.
 It was the most awkward gig we've ever done.
 There was hardly anyone there.
 And the sound cut out halfway through.
 We had to perform without any sound equipment.
 These poor kids.
 They said, we didn't get angry and smash the place up.
 But we did get asked to judge the winning strawberry
 as compensation for the bad sound.
 The winning strawberry was fantastic.
 Oh.
 I thought they would have deliberately
 given it to a really shit strawberry.
 No.
 What's a raspberry or something?
 They're nice boys.
 Sorry, I just wanted to count about it.
 Biting their head off two dubs, but leaving the third terrified one.
 I've got a good first time to count from someone we know.
 Rock and roll account.
 So Freddie Mercury used to have parties.
 And obviously, he was a wild child.
 And he had parties and he used to invite small people or dwarves
 to the parties and put bowls on the heads full of cocaine
 so they could be easily consumed.
 Which of our friends was at this party?
 I don't like to say, but this same friend did say he also
 toured with black Sabbath.
 And because the done thing is to throw a TV out the window.
 You've got to throw a TV out the window at some point.
 So I think actually one member of black Sabbath
 was on the way to the airport once and stopped the driver
 and said, got turned around.
 I've forgotten something and got driven back.
 Ran upstairs, brought the TV downstairs and threw it
 in the swimming pool of the hotel.
 Then got back in the cabin and said, OK, thank God.
 Right, we better go to the airport.
 But this guy that we know did also tour black Sabbath
 and decided he had to throw a TV out of the hotel window.
 But forgot to one plug it.
 So apparently ended up with the TV just dangling precariously.
 From the 24th of a hotel.
 Do you know what one of the main rules that are rolling stones?
 Gig is these days for the band.
 I don't know.
 You're not allowed to touch Keith Richards' shepherd's pie.
 And there's that. Are you for this one for something though?
 No, no.
 He's completely clean these days.
 And he has a shepherd's pie before every gig.
 And in 1989 in Toronto, he found that someone had tried it
 before him, and he refused to go on stage
 until a new shepherd's pie was made and brought to him.
 He said, nobody touches the shepherd's pie
 till I've been in there.
 Don't bust my crust, baby.
 He didn't say that.
 He said it.
 The mom's a great lyricist.
 That's amazing.
 We're going to have to wrap up shortly.
 Anything before we do?
 Just quickly, I've got one, which is that just on tours,
 recent tours, Beyonce had a thing a few years ago where she's in.
 No, she had this whole thing where she really enraged a lot
 of people from comments that she had made.
 And critics were really attacking her.
 The newspapers were attacking her.
 But she was still going on this tour.
 So she decided to sell as part of her merchandise.
 merchandise.
 You want some merchandise?
 It was a new Jersey tour.
 I'm not merchandise.
 So weird when your mouth just goes somewhere else.
 You're on the road, and it's just merchandise.
 Whoa!
 She sold, as merchandise, boycott Beyonce t-shirts
 to cash in on the fact she was like,
 "Of people are going to hate me.
 Sure, I'll just keep selling stuff.
 It will just still generate funds.
 Yeah, so you could buy at her gig, boycott Beyonce t-shirts."
 Really?
 What's the other thing about Elvis' manager did that as well?
 Yeah, Elvis' manager sold, I hate Elvis t-shirts, I think,
 or an I hate Elvis piece of merchandise
 to make sure he could also cash in on the people
 who weren't huge Elvis fans.
 What else do you want to do?
 Can I very quickly tell you a few?
 I just looked up a few tribute bands who tour.
 And just the names tribute bands have other best things
 in the world.
 So there's the Red Not Chili Peppers.
 There's an Alanis Morissette tribute band
 called Alanish, but it just sounds
 like they're a bit like someone called Alan.
 But there's a tribute band to yes, who are called no.
 There's non-Jovie, earth wind for hire, earth wind of fire,
 proxy music.
 And my favourite is a rather poorly gentlemen,
 but he goes by the name, "Blobby Williams."
 OK, that is it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you would like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we have said over the course
 of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland, Andy.
 @AndruhunterM, James.
 @JamesHarkin.
 And Chazinski.
 You can email podcast@QI.com.
 Yep, or you can go to our group account,
 which is @NoSuchThing.
 You can go to our Facebook page, NoSuchThing as a Fish,
 or our website.
 NoSuchThingAsAFish.com.
 We have everything up there from our upcoming tickets
 for touring.
 We have our book links.
 We have all of our previous episodes.
 Everything is on there.
 We'll be back again next week.
 Guys, you've been absolutely amazing.
 Thank you so much.
 Please come say hi at the end.
 We'll see you again.
 Goodbye.
 [CHEERING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [APPLAUSE]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (audience applauding)
