 - Hey guys, welcome to this week's episode
 and no such thing as a fish.
 Before we begin, we have an announcement to make.
 - What's the announcement then?
 - The announcement is that we're doing a live show.
 - Get out of here.
 - Yeah, at a book festival.
 - No.
 - Yeah, Cheltenham Book Festival, we're so excited.
 It is in Cheltenham.
 - It's in Cheltenham, nice.
 - It's on the 11th of October, it's at 6 p.m.
 We're doing it because we're releasing our book in November
 and this is gonna be the first ever event
 where we bring our book to.
 We're not gonna have the physical book with us,
 it's not publish yet.
 - We're gonna have our heads because we've written it,
 we know it.
 - Exactly.
 - So the whole event is gonna be a live podcast,
 we're gonna take our facts from the upcoming book
 and we're gonna do a Q and A afterwards
 and it's gonna be awesome, it's a legit book festival.
 - It'll be really fun if you've never been to our live shows.
 So go to qi.com/fishevents to get tickets for that
 or you can just look on the Cheltenham Festival website,
 11th of October.
 - So I get a qi.com/fishevents.
 - That's correct.
 - That's correct.
 - Yeah.
 - Do you write that down?
 - Do you write that down?
 - Do you write that down?
 - How do you spell qi?
 - Okay, on with this week's show.
 (upbeat music)
 (speaking in foreign language)
 - Hello and welcome to another episode
 of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast
 coming to you from the QI offices
 in Covenant Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber and I am sitting here
 with Andrew Hunter-Mari, Anacizansky, and Alex Bell.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days
 and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with you, Andy.
 - My fact is that the original director of "Jaws"
 was a man called Richard Richards who was fired
 because he kept referring to the shark as a whale.
 (laughing)
 - So he did not read the script?
 - I don't know if he had read it or not,
 but he had, he definitely had.
 (laughing)
 He had because when you say he kept referring to it,
 it wasn't even like loosely in conversation.
 He was in a meeting with the producers.
 He'd ridden a treatment where all the way through
 the treatment, he kept saying, "And then the whale."
 (laughing)
 - Yeah, the producers have got the rights
 to turn the novel "Jaws" into the film
 and they took him for lunch and they decided to let him go.
 - And then they gave it to Spielberg.
 - That's right, yeah.
 - Here's a classic bit of trivia
 that I bet everyone who knows "Jaws" knows.
 But again, I didn't know that this shark has a name.
 - Oh yeah. - I am.
 - Not in the movie, just on set.
 (laughing)
 So like we know on the back of his seat.
 (laughing)
 - Actors and directors, which was Bruce.
 - Wasn't he named after Steven Spielberg Gloya?
 - That's right, yeah.
 He was named after his lawyer who was called Bruce Raynor
 and Bruce became the name of the shark on the set.
 - Bruce is quite a good name though, isn't it, for a shark?
 There's something about it.
 I know it's an Australian sounding name.
 I think a shark's being Australian.
 - It's the name, you know how you're making that connection.
 It's the name of the shark and finding Nemo.
 - Oh.
 - That must be a nod to that.
 - It must be, absolutely.
 - Well, it's a good thing they didn't give it
 the other nickname that it had on set,
 which was the great white turd.
 - Yeah.
 - And also flaws, because they were never worked.
 - Yeah, which I like.
 - Spielberg basically rewrote the movie a bit
 because they couldn't get the shark to work.
 It was such a bad mechanical shark.
 Which is, I mean, you know, if you're filming
 anything mechanical in saltwater, it's gonna be difficult.
 - Yeah.
 - So they made three mechanical sharks
 so that they could film it from different angles
 with different bits.
 There had to be 16 people on a nearby floating barge
 operating different bits of the shark.
 - 'Cause the whole thing was pneumatic.
 They had loads of nodes of piped operate
 because they had motors which all broke.
 So they had to put pneumatic tubes in to make it work,
 which meant they had to have a huge, like,
 operating station which was quite off-scaling.
 - I know.
 - So they compared it to an orchestra in an article I read.
 So they all had to be doing the right things.
 All 16 people at the right time.
 So it all works properly.
 And sometimes there would be a bit where 15 people
 got a right and the shark comes out of the water
 as you're filming.
 But then it's mechanical eyes are shut.
 - Oh, yeah.
 - So then you have to go back and do it again.
 And then something else won't be working right
 or one of the fins will be whacking me.
 - Are they given it mechanical eyelids?
 (laughing)
 - It was the eyelids.
 - It is George, ever blink.
 We need to rewatch that film.
 - It's not a classic moment.
 There's no one I wink that he give to the camera
 just before he eats some of it.
 - They wanted, actually, the producers asked Spielberg
 to train a great white shark initially for the film, yeah.
 - That is so hollywood.
 - Yeah.
 (laughing)
 - Turns out you can't do that.
 (laughing)
 - That is amazing.
 - He moved on to this.
 Did you know that for some of the shots
 in order to make the shark look bigger,
 they used a body double for the guy who placed
 the main character.
 And they used a jockey, 'cause he was really small.
 So they used a 4 foot 9x jockey to be in a in the shark tank
 just to make it look that bit bigger.
 - That's a bit like I know all these films
 like in Casablanca.
 They had small people wandering around
 the cutout of the plane in that famous last scene
 in the background, 'cause it makes the plane look bigger,
 so they had to have a bigger cutout.
 It was like that.
 All sorts of like, perspective, gags like that.
 - Did you know one of the main problems with jaws,
 the mechanical one?
 It's the jaws.
 The jaws are not right in the jaws of the thing.
 They're not right for a shark or they just wouldn't work.
 - They're not right for a shark.
 I'm sure they wouldn't work at various points,
 but this is really interesting.
 Think great white sharks have a much weaker bite
 than you might suspect.
 They're not weak.
 No one's saying they're weak,
 but their jaws aren't attached to their head properly.
 So they operate with a separate muscle.
 And what that means is what they can do
 is approach you in the water
 and give you a test bite, which is soft.
 And then if they like the taste of you
 and they think you'd be good,
 they come back for a kill bite.
 So loads of people who have had a time
 with a great white shark and escaped
 have probably been given a test bite,
 which is still serious and you can still bleed to death,
 obviously, but they haven't been given the full kill bite.
 - I do that with food.
 - It's really weird, I like it.
 (all laughing)
 - It's not kind of a restaurant with you.
 (all laughing)
 'Cause then you walk off around the restaurant
 once you're given a test bite.
 (all laughing)
 But the jaws obviously on the mechanical shark,
 they don't have those two gradations.
 So it's just a massive hinge and it's just not shithaway.
 - No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
 - So why do they do the test bite?
 Why don't they just go in with the big bites
 to say the energy or something?
 - Well, they might not like what they eat, you know?
 They might find, oh, it's all full of bone.
 I don't want to eat the bone.
 They might say, oh, go off and find a seal to eat and stay
 'cause they're all blubber and delicious.
 - I guess when you've got a mouth out big,
 you're kind of committing when you're biting something,
 you've got to do something with it.
 - What if there's a tree floating in the water
 and you make a mistake?
 If you go in for a massive kill bite,
 you'll feel like an idiot. - Yeah, whereas if you give it a quick test,
 no, that's a tree, I knew it was a tree.
 - So here's something interesting.
 When they first put the shark into salt water, it sank.
 So when they were going to film,
 and they had to retrieve it from the bottom of Martha's Vineyard,
 and it's because it was salt water
 and they don't ever attest it is in freshwater,
 which they were expecting that it was going to work
 like it did in freshwater, but then it sank to the bottom,
 which is the exact opposite of how a real shark would work.
 And do you remember I mentioned this a few episodes
 go on the podcast, they don't have a swim bladder,
 and so they don't often go into freshwater
 because it doesn't work there, so they'll sink in freshwater.
 - But I don't understand, so obviously salty water is more buoyant,
 and so I don't understand what would sink
 in salt water that wouldn't sink in freshwater.
 - No one does.
 - I don't think this is one of those universal mysteries.
 (laughing)
 - No one does, but which I mean, I don't know.
 (laughing)
 - I've got something so bizarre that I found out.
 - Yeah.
 - Of course of this, which is that it is related,
 but you're not going to get know why initially.
 So polygraph tests are sold very often across the US,
 like you can sell your polygraph testing services
 for various reasons, and all the websites
 that advertise polygraph tests say you can use these four,
 and then there's list of the main things you use them for.
 So for theft, arson, murder, robbery, infidelity, assault,
 and fishing tournaments, and it turns out,
 so I learned this looking at these sharp catching tournaments,
 and the idea is that you go,
 and you have to catch the biggest shark that you possibly can,
 and one of the main uses of polygraph tests
 is having lie detector tests after these tournaments
 to check the people haven't cheated.
 - No.
 - Yeah, this is what, and it's on all these lie detector websites,
 they're like, yeah, murder, arson, cheating wives,
 fishing tournament, obviously.
 - Cheating the shark as you can.
 - Because.
 - No, what you do is there are shark sales people
 who collect large sharks around the year
 and keep them alive,
 and then they flog them to people who've entered the tournaments
 on the slide, so you go buy a shark.
 - So you go live at the tour of it with a giant shark
 in your bag, get on a boat and let the slowly lower it
 on your jacket.
 (laughing)
 - That's why bag searches originally come from sharks.
 - Right.
 - The guy, who's the guy here at the original book,
 he really regressed it.
 - Bentley.
 - Bentley.
 - Yeah, so Peter Bentley regretted the fact
 that sharks have vilified via jaws,
 and suddenly it's set off this spate of shark hunting
 and shark murdering expeditions,
 and shark populations in America were reduced by it
 up to 50% some people say,
 not just because of shark hunting,
 but that was a huge thing and it still happens today,
 these shark hunting tournaments,
 caused by the fact that it created this bad reputation
 for sharks who obviously only kill about one person
 every two years,
 whereas we kill hundreds of thousands of them every year.
 - I think it's something like a hundred million sharks
 per year that once kill.
 - What?
 - Yeah, it's huge.
 - It's a massive number.
 - This is about great fact about how
 vending machines kill twice as many humans as sharks do.
 - Yeah.
 - Mm.
 - But if we had a shark in the corridor at the school,
 I think the figures might start creeping up.
 (laughing)
 - If you could only get a twix by reaching
 into the mouth of a shark.
 (laughing)
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, it is time for fact number two,
 and that is Alex.
 My fact this week is that until the 1960s,
 high speed trains in Britain would drop carriages
 off at stations that they weren't stopping at.
 - So your train is going along?
 - Yeah.
 - And then all the people in the back
 carriage wanted to get off at the next stop,
 but the train's not stopping.
 - There's a high speed train, yeah.
 - It's a high speed train.
 So you have to run into the back carriage
 and then they just cut it off.
 - Yeah, I don't think everyone would,
 I think I would get in and sit at the back carriage
 but you wouldn't just like run and jump
 as the carriage is not leaving the train.
 But they would uncouple the trainers,
 they were approaching the station,
 and there would be a guard in that carriage with a brake,
 and then the carriage would just roll to a stop at station
 which meant that anyone who wanted to get off
 at that station could,
 but it wouldn't slow down the train.
 So what would they do with then the carriage?
 Oh, this is the clever bit
 because the carriages would then be picked up
 by the next slow train that was coming through.
 So the slow trains would actually get carriages added on.
 - Why is it only high speed trains?
 It seems like they're the most difficult trains
 to accurately drop of a carriage at a station.
 - I don't think the high speed trains are going faster
 than the actual trains.
 - It's high speed is in express trains,
 they're not stopping at the station.
 That's what's excellent when you stop at every station.
 - So when do they stop doing this?
 - Well, they did it for like 40, 50 years
 and then finished in the 1960s.
 And now the replacement service is when you get on a train
 and it splits in two parts,
 when you get to a certain station.
 - So that's what it looks like.
 - That's so cool.
 So like in theory our grandparents should remember that.
 - Yeah, if they lived in England, you know,
 they might have been on one of the jettisoned.
 - It was a pretty common thing. - Trains, wow.
 - Another thing you could do until the 1970s,
 so this is from 1889 to the 1970s,
 anyone on the train could cause the train to break.
 And this still happens in trains around the world,
 quite a bit. - Yeah.
 - But now I think the driver has an override button.
 So, but I didn't realize this,
 there was a cord that ran all the way from,
 you know, where the driver's sitting
 and where the brakes are,
 all the way along the roof to the back of the train
 and a little cord drops down each carriage and you pull it.
 But what you have now is you pull the cord
 and the driver has three seconds to decide
 whether to override it.
 So if the driver sees the cord's been pulled,
 he's got three seconds to make a crucial decision of,
 is it worth stopping for this emergency?
 I don't know what this emergency is probably
 'cause a passenger's done it and I can't see it.
 - Yeah, but what kind of information can he get
 in those three seconds? - Yeah.
 - How does that help? - Well, exactly.
 I don't know. - Maybe he's running late.
 And he thinks it can't be that bad.
 - But maybe things were coming into a station in a minute.
 So let's speed it better. - Yeah, that's true.
 - Maybe that's it.
 - He has got a communication line
 with the passengers pulled the cord as well.
 So he can't just shout, "Wink, wink, wink, wink."
 What's going on? What's going on?
 You wouldn't have time.
 Three seconds is all enough. - No, look at that.
 - I don't know. - I don't know.
 Most of my conversations with my father
 are about three seconds, and we say everything we need to.
 (laughing)
 Yeah, I was on a train to Edinburgh not too long ago
 and in the bathroom, just above the toilet,
 there was a big red button that said stop.
 - We're in the bathroom, wasn't it?
 - There's in the toilet.
 - I couldn't believe it. - I couldn't believe it.
 - I couldn't believe it. - I didn't go down.
 I could just stop the train.
 It was a train stop button in the toilet.
 - It's interesting you raised the toilet thing
 because there's a blog by someone who works in railways
 who says that this is a serious problem
 with the emergency button because it is
 in the accessible toilets.
 And people often pull it thinking it's the flush.
 - Yes.
 - If you're an older person, you're a bit confused
 or a bit drunk, then it often gets pulled to flush the loo
 and then you've breaks the train.
 - Okay, so one in 10 train characters in the UK
 still jettison's toilet waste onto the track
 or the flush. - Do they?
 - One in 10.
 This was in 2015.
 So they are trying to replace them all by 2020,
 but it's still quite a large number.
 - Yeah.
 - And that's why they're assigned saying don't flush.
 - At station.
 - At stations, but it's pretty medieval.
 - It's pretty medieval.
 Well, there was a massive report in Wales online recently
 in which they said it's disgusting.
 Look at all those excrement on the train tracks
 and they showed a picture of it,
 but then they pixelated everything you could possibly
 have dragged to.
 So it's just a picture of a train track.
 - So what do the others do?
 Do they have a sewage system?
 - They just story it.
 - Story of a tank. - Story of a tank, yeah.
 - Then they fling it out over the countryside
 whether it's... - No, they change it when they're service.
 Could they not build underneath the tracks
 just speaking of the excrement bits and Nappy?
 - Well, a big train Nappy, yes.
 (laughing)
 - You just lay the train on its back on a massive mat.
 (laughing)
 - Sorry Dan, it's honestly way better than what I was saying.
 We'll leave it to that.
 - Did you know we used to have sail trains in this country?
 - No, with what's a sail train?
 - Trains with a sail.
 And these existed as you'd imagine in kind of windier areas.
 So on the coast.
 And in Yorkshire there was one.
 There was one in 1831 that one opened
 which took produce from the Strathmore Valley
 which is in Scotland to Dundee.
 But obviously it had the problem of
 it's quite hard to tack on a trainway.
 (laughing)
 You can't really control the angle of which you're going.
 And so they had to have a horse trotting alongside it
 at all times to take over when the wind dropped.
 So it's very difficult to get every passenger to duck
 when the boom goes in.
 (laughing)
 - That in China, remember I had that fact
 in the super early days of the podcast about
 they have wheelbarrows in China that we still don't know about.
 So they used to do that in China
 and there's descriptions of it where this guy would see
 a fleet of sails coming when he looked over a mountain top
 in a field and what it was is that they used to put
 giant sails on their wheelbarrows and let the wind
 help them carry along.
 - That's so clever.
 - There are loads, yeah, it's amazing, isn't it?
 - Do you not the longest train ever was?
 - The longest train running at the moment,
 it's in someone's native country.
 - Who knows where Dan's from?
 - It's in Australia.
 - Oh it's in Australia, it's called the gun.
 - G-H-A-N.
 - Gun?
 - Gun.
 - So the Sunday service of the gun is 44 characters.
 It's 0.7 miles long.
 - It's about a 15 minute walk.
 - How far does it travel?
 Is it like it only moves about two meters
 and then it's at the next station
 and you have to walk all the way up the train?
 - Yeah, so you even need to go.
 - Yeah, 15 minute walk is like,
 if you're at the wrong end of the buffet
 carriages at the back of the train,
 - Oh, if you're starving, that way.
 - But, so if you built a car that long,
 that's impressive.
 But a train you're just adding carriages, right?
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - Is that impressive?
 - Yeah.
 - Effectively that could be much longer
 if they just added more.
 - There's two days freight trains
 that are like five, six kilometers long.
 - I was just, was this a passenger train?
 - This is a passenger train.
 - Yeah.
 - But you need platforms long enough.
 - That's the really, those are the unsung heroes
 of the operation people could pour in concrete
 for a year as a desert.
 - So where does it go to?
 - It goes across Australia.
 - Right, so it's a proper...
 - Yeah, I think it goes all the way
 from the north coast to the south.
 - Wow.
 - It's a huge long route.
 - Yeah, that's amazing.
 - So you'd need that.
 You'd need that for a variety of fun.
 - A variety of fun.
 - There's probably playrooms in there.
 There's probably a barbers.
 There's probably a cinema.
 There's probably...
 - There's none of these things, the facts.
 (laughing)
 - I can't just make up what your fantasy big train would be.
 - A real conjecture.
 I'm never seen you look so angry, I don't know.
 - Someone's going to remember that.
 And remember it is genuine knowledge.
 - I said probably.
 - I know, but...
 - Yeah, I mean, that's, that in itself is problematic,
 saying probably.
 - Really?
 - Of the balancer.
 - Yeah.
 - And the probability says there will be one of them.
 - But it probably is.
 (laughing)
 - There possibly is.
 - There probably isn't.
 - I think there probably is.
 - You can't say there probably isn't.
 - There's a microscopically small chance
 that there are all of those things you just listed
 as far as we can go with this fact, I think.
 - Okay, this is really cool.
 In Japan, they're now building new trains
 that are invisible.
 - No, they're not.
 - No, they're not, come on.
 (laughing)
 - What they are is kind of invisible.
 They're sort of almost invisible.
 They've put this mirrored surface on the outside of it.
 So it blends into its surroundings by reflecting.
 So if you're going through nature, for example,
 and you're surrounded by trees, blue sky, green grass,
 all that sort of stuff, if that's on the other side of it,
 that kind of mirrors off the side of the train.
 Therefore, oh, so you're not just going to see
 hundreds of passengers like sitting in there.
 - That's not that, yeah.
 - That's good.
 So if you're going on a nice countryside walk
 and your footpath crosses over a railway,
 then now you won't be able to see the train come towards you.
 - Yes, exactly.
 - The chance I do.
 - You would just see yourself coming towards you
 at high speed.
 - Oh, that was nice.
 - You're like, what?
 And that guy is running fast.
 (laughing)
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, it is time for fact number three,
 and that is Chuzinski.
 - My fact this week is that birds and cages
 hop in the direction they're meant to be migrating.
 - Wow.
 - That sounds very sad.
 - Do they do that only during migrating periods?
 - Yes, this is the amazing thing about it.
 If you've got a cage bird that's a migrating bird,
 then as soon as the time comes,
 when it would usually be migrating, first of all,
 it puts on all this body fat 'cause that's what birds do.
 So a lot of birds will double their body weight
 in preparation for big migrations.
 So it'll put on all this weight,
 and it'll get really, really restless
 and frisky and start flapping around the cage.
 And then when the migration period starts,
 it will then start moving towards the end of the cage
 that is in the direction of where it would be migrating.
 And it will stop at exactly the time
 that it would have arrived at its destination.
 - Wow.
 - So perfectly timed.
 - But it's now fat.
 - Exactly.
 - It'll double its weight and it can't burn the weight off.
 And there's not where it wants to be.
 - Yeah.
 - Just in terms of observation of that,
 you obviously see the bird hopping that way,
 but it will reach the end of the cage.
 - Yeah, it's a good point, isn't it?
 - So it doesn't just hang by the end of the cage
 the whole time, right?
 Therefore, some people must observe the bird
 hopping the other way.
 - Yeah, so I think it will kind of maybe wander backwards a bit.
 This is actually not explained
 in a lot of the sources that reference it,
 but what it does do is it faces in that direction,
 it will try to flap towards that direction
 and then get rebounded off the cage, I guess.
 And also what they do is they'll sit on their perch,
 facing the direction they're supposed to be going,
 and they'll flap their wings a lot,
 but stay motionless 'cause they realize
 they can't get out of the cage during migration.
 - That's extraordinary.
 - So they'll flush her about.
 - Do you know how they found out about this?
 Or one of the ways they found out about this
 is with a device called an emlin funnel.
 - Yeah.
 - This is a very cool thing.
 So it's a plastic enclosure
 with a paper funnel leading out from the top of that.
 On the base of the funnel is ink pad.
 So you put the bird in there,
 you cover the top of the funnel.
 So it can't just fly out.
 And then you track the direction it moves in.
 And as it flaps, it leaves foot marks in the ink on the paper.
 So you can tell exactly the direction
 it's moving and flapping in.
 And they have at the surface,
 you can project different star constellations on the top
 to see if that has an effect,
 'cause sometimes they go magnetically,
 but sometimes they might do it
 by looking at the stars above them.
 - That's horrible.
 That's like a dethruman show for birds.
 - It is, yeah.
 - Eventually they end up just writing messages
 in the ink saying, "Please God, somebody let me out."
 (laughing)
 Once they discovered this,
 then people realize you could do these brilliant experiments
 to work out what it was that causes birds to migrate
 in certain directions.
 So as you say, Andy, you could change the constellations
 to see if they navigated by that.
 You change the magnetic field around a bird's cage.
 So obviously they navigate by the magnetism of the earth.
 And so if you put a couple of magnets,
 you create a magnetic field around a bird cage
 and change the direction they think is north,
 they'll suddenly point in a different direction.
 - I heard on the radio the other day
 that whales that suddenly get lost in the ocean,
 they think it's actually down to solar flares
 because the solar flare is mess with the magnetism
 of the earth if you get hit by massive ones.
 So suddenly the whales would just be put
 on a different course and that's why groups of them
 have been, that's not a solid theory
 but because they just are trying to work out
 why seemingly healthy groups of whales get lost.
 - That's amazing.
 - Just one more thing related to this.
 So there was this amazing experiment done recently
 into reed warblers that were picked up in Russia
 and was to work out exactly how much birds can tell
 if you change the magnetic field.
 So scientists went and they found some reed warblers in Russia
 and they created a magnetic field around their enclosure
 that mimicked conditions in Aberdeen.
 And the weird thing about this is that.
 - That's a distinctive magnetic flavor of Aberdeen.
 Most of oil refineries that have been held
 in hard times recently.
 - Yeah, exactly, some weather spoons.
 So they did this but the weird thing was that Aberdeen
 is on roughly the same line of latitude.
 So the same distance from the equator
 as the place in Russia where they'd studied the birds.
 And so you would have thought that for them,
 if they're just testing the magnetic distance
 from the poles, they would think it was the same place
 but it turns out they can tell how far east or west
 they are as well.
 So what happened was all they did was change the magnetic field
 and the birds would usually point west
 'cause they were my great Europe, so south-west.
 And as soon as you change the field,
 the birds swiveled around and they pointed east
 knowing that they're in Aberdeen
 and they need to point in exactly a different direction
 in order to get where they're going to migrate to.
 - But they're very clever.
 - That's very cool.
 It's so weird that we're missing this thing
 that all these animals have.
 - It's so annoying.
 - You've got nothing that even remotely makes us go,
 oh, I can relate to that, which is nothing.
 There's no sense of magnetism's crazy.
 The thing you said about how birds put on loads of weight
 before they migrate so that they've got enough energy
 to get them through, it's amazing.
 Even their organs grow and shrink in this period.
 So all the organs involved with feeding,
 like the stomach and the liver and the kidneys and so on,
 they get bigger to support the fueling process.
 But then during the take-off and migration,
 those organ shrink and then the heart and the flight muscles,
 they all grow.
 - So it's a complete reconfiguration.
 They're changing the way the plane is built as they fly.
 - So cool.
 - That is amazing.
 That is awesome.
 - I should actually say the loads of what I'm saying
 comes from an episode of In Our Time,
 including the headline fact, which is on bird migration,
 which is brilliant.
 You should look it up, In Our Time is always good.
 - Yeah.
 - Yeah, when Planet Earth was coming out,
 the David Adamborough documentary,
 I was sat watching Alistair Fothergill,
 who is the program maker behind Blue Planet and Planet Earth.
 I went to a chat that he did of sort of talk at the BBC.
 And he was talking about his favorite moment,
 being the moment that the birds had to migrate over Everest.
 In order to migrate, they had to go over Mount Everest.
 And it took every ounce of their energy.
 - You get geese flying over Mount Everest.
 - Dee!
 - You've taken all your energy,
 just see a flock of geese flying over you.
 Are they using thermals or are they flying?
 They are flying.
 They never stop flapping their wings.
 They never glide.
 - They never glide?
 - They never glide.
 - It's so rough for us like that.
 - There's only, I think, what is it?
 A tenth of the oxygen you find at sea level.
 Obviously, when you're up that high,
 and they're still managing to fly all the time.
 - So they are panting presumably at that point?
 - We worked out that geese couldn't glide.
 Have we tried to make any ounce of stuff to dead goose
 and kind of do a glider?
 - What I mean is, like, do scientists
 knowing the makeup of a geese know they could do it?
 They just haven't worked out to do it.
 - They just don't have the confidence.
 (laughing)
 'Cause presumably, if they're up there
 and their wings are, you know, they've got wings,
 surely just spreading them out, must buy them some glider.
 - I think they're quite, I think creatures, they're quite,
 I don't know.
 I really don't know.
 - They wouldn't be able to, 'cause of evolution.
 - So the ones that try to fly, a long time ago.
 - The evolution of creation.
 - The evolution of creation.
 - The evolution of creation.
 - That's your answer every week.
 - There was ones that go just like you, Dad.
 - She's always right, don't care.
 (laughing)
 - When is God gonna be the answer, ever?
 (laughing)
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, there's time for our final fact of the show,
 and that is my fact.
 My fact is that each year,
 26 tons of clothing is left behind
 at the starting line of the Boston marathon.
 That is one ton for every mile of the marathon.
 - But why?
 I mean, why people, as people just taking off all their clothes
 when they get to the start of the marathon?
 - This is exactly what's happening.
 It's early in the morning, it's gonna be cold.
 So they bring long trackies, a zip up jacket or whatever,
 and then when the marathon starts,
 they take off the outer clothing
 so that they're in the classic marathon runner clothing.
 - And they just drop it where it is.
 - They just drop it where it is.
 - That's gonna be difficult if you're right
 at the back of the marathon.
 You've got a huge, like a horse jump to go.
 (laughing)
 - Yeah, a really good point.
 - Yeah, I think they chuck it to the side.
 - Okay.
 - This is an article that was written
 about a person in America called Judy Patasi,
 and Judy Patasi used to help marathon runners
 if they needed somewhere.
 Some coffee and some tea and stuff.
 It was just generally a helpful person, love the marathon.
 And for years, runners would be doing this,
 just taking off those bits of clothing,
 leaving them on the ground,
 and occasionally charities would come and collect some of them
 and bring them to charities.
 And in one year, no charities came.
 And they bagged up all the stuff and they threw it in the trash
 and that really infuriated her
 'cause she said this is such a waste.
 So she's made it her mission
 to now collect all of these clothes.
 And to begin with, it wasn't as much as 26 tons.
 It was even less.
 It changes all the time.
 The latest article, the article I'm specifically getting it from,
 it was 26 that they managed to collect.
 Obviously it varies year by year.
 The exact quote from her is now I have 201 volunteers.
 We cover all the way to Ashland Townline
 and we've gotten up to 52,000 pounds,
 which is the equivalent of 26 tons.
 That is amazing.
 And the reason it's gone up dramatically
 is because there used to be a bus service
 right at the end of the Boston marathon
 that would bring you back to the start
 so people could collect their clothes
 but they canceled the bus service.
 So now all of these clothes, people just go,
 what do you know, we'll just leave it there.
 So they now collect these all
 and they give them to charities and raise so much money.
 But yeah.
 There must be an awareness thing as well though.
 If you run, you know what's going to happen to the clothes
 so you think, well, I'm just going to bring loads of clothes
 and stuff.
 I would hope so, because--
 Hey, I can't believe running a marathon is hard enough
 without having to admit to yourself
 that you have to lose an entire outfit in the process.
 And also, I'm the kind of unlikable person
 who would definitely throw my clothes aside,
 bear in mind where I'd thrown them
 and then walk back a bit later to pick them up.
 And I'd be pretty irritated if they'd been sent to South
 who'd down by that point.
 So there's a thing about the Boston Marathon
 which is that it's for--
 it's for very good runners as in.
 Obviously, all marathons are for very good runners.
 But only the fastest amateurs get in and qualify
 for the Boston Marathon.
 So there is a guy, his name is Derek Murphy.
 He's an American man.
 And he is a marathon enthusiast.
 And he's made it his life's work to spot people cheating
 in marathons from hundreds of miles away.
 Hundreds of miles away.
 Yeah, he's got this incredible telescope.
 But it's only 26 miles.
 Who's some really elaborate cheating going on?
 When you run the other way around the world, yes.
 So the BBC did a profile of him.
 He has this blog called Marathon Investigation.
 And he started wondering whether people
 cheat to get to qualify for the Boston Marathon.
 They'll run another marathon, which you have to do.
 And he looks at suspiciously fast times.
 And he looks at photos taken during the race
 to see if he can track people down.
 So he's caught people who've used other people's bib numbers,
 or he's caught people who've perhaps missed out stages
 throughout.
 But he has also vindicated at least one person,
 where the authorities thought that runner was cheating.
 And he managed to find the evidence to say,
 no, I don't think his person was cheating, isn't it?
 Why is he--
 I mean, I really support vigilante justice
 in certain cases, I suppose.
 But is this a major problem in morality and crime?
 If you support Batman, you should support this guy.
 That's what I'm saying.
 This is like--
 And actually, the downgrade the Batman
 would have to take to be doing that.
 So in 1980, there was a woman called Rosie Ruiz,
 who was declared the winner of the marathon.
 But then it was later found out that she
 had taken the subway for part of the way, frowned on.
 Yeah, this is frowned on.
 Can't if no one noticed her ducking out of the marathon,
 popping into a subway station, and then--
 But you probably think someone was ducking out
 just to get themselves the drink or--
 Or ducking out altogether, being like, actually,
 this is not for me.
 And it can't be lined all the way, can it?
 It's in 1980 as well, maybe it was just less organized.
 But I think the suspicious bit is when you come out of the subway
 and join the race.
 That's the crucial--
 That's true, yeah.
 I read about it, lady, because you can go off trail.
 A Florida woman who became lost during a half marathon
 when she just took the wrong corner.
 So she was found nearly 12 hours later
 in the middle of a 25,000 acre park just completely lost.
 Oh, no.
 At what point do you think you stop running?
 At what point is it obvious to you
 that you're now no longer running the marathon?
 Yes, yeah.
 Do you think she just thought she was way ahead?
 I didn't know that you have to wear it
 that one of those bibs when you run a marathon.
 Yeah.
 They have trackers in them, and they
 have mats across the marathon course,
 which electronically log you making particular checkpoints
 along the way.
 That is not made, you sure?
 Anyone who's ever run a marathon knows that,
 but I had no idea.
 That's like in a computer game when you get hit checkpoints.
 Exactly, yeah.
 And so sometimes that's the way of identifying cheaters
 if the bib missed out several checkpoints.
 Yeah, yeah.
 So another cheater was a woman called Catherine Swiser,
 who-- so maybe your guy with a telescope
 might want to get onto her.
 She was a woman, and she tried to run the marathon in 1967.
 And she registered with just her initials,
 so it was gender neutral, so it wasn't
 known that she was a woman.
 And she ran the marathon.
 And people were quite supportive in the crowds,
 but then Jock Semple, who was a race official,
 was really against the idea of women running.
 People thought women were way too fragile.
 It kind of muddied the masculinity of the sport for men.
 And so he stormed onto the track and tried to drag her off it,
 at which point her boyfriend came and kind of defended
 her, which is a little bit annoying
 from the feminist perspective, but her boyfriend
 came on and pushed Jock Semple out the way.
 And she finished.
 And the nice thing about her is that this year
 was the 50th anniversary of when she did that,
 and she ran it again.
 Great.
 How was she?
 She wasn't a cheater, though.
 Was she?
 Yeah, she cheated by pretending to be a man.
 OK.
 Technically speaking, she wasn't allowed to enter.
 Yes, right.
 Yeah.
 I guess so.
 She's the bad guy in this story, anyway.
 The furthest away, I guess, that the marathon
 has ever been run off the course,
 since we were talking about that, is Sunita Williams,
 who's a NASA astronaut, and she ran it
 while she was on the International Space Station,
 on the treadmill.
 So someone argue she was going way faster than anyone
 asking, she was coaching me, yeah, for the very time.
 There's a thing about the Berlin marathon,
 which is that loads of records get broken on that marathon course
 and not, for example, on the London one,
 or the Kuala Lumpur one, or the Boston one.
 And there are all these reasons which
 combine to make Berlin one of the best places
 to break a speed record.
 So it's really flat.
 There are very few corners.
 It's never more than 53 meters above sea level.
 So lots of lovely oxygen.
 And it's in September, which is quite a good time of year,
 because the weather's not crazy.
 And it's mostly on asphalt.
 And so there are all of these different combination
 factors that conspire to make it a great best record.
 Whereas Boston, the Boston marathon course,
 the finish line is so much lower than the starting line
 that it is ineligible for world record attempts.
 - No way. - Yeah.
 Because you're running downhill, basically,
 you're running downhill.
 - Wow. - No way.
 - Why don't they just move it then?
 I don't know.
 I'll put it the other way around.
 - Put it the other way around.
 - Record breaking in the Boston marathon
 is a quite interesting thing.
 So in 2010, a guy broke the world
 record for Boston Marta.
 His name was Robert K. Chirio from Kenya.
 But he broke the record that was set previously
 by a man also named Robert K. Chirio
 by complete coincidence, no relation.
 - No relation. - No relation.
 - So weird, right?
 He must have changed his name to, no, no.
 I mean, I suppose you may be to more common,
 maybe it's a bit like a John Smith for your name or something,
 but that's amazing.
 - So the first African person to win the Boston marathon
 won it in 1988.
 I guess probably because logistics got easier
 for people to enter at that point, maybe from abroad.
 So 1988 was the first African person to win it.
 It was Ibrahim Hussein from Kenya.
 Since then, there have only been three winners
 who haven't been Kenya or Ethiopia.
 (laughing)
 He'll just win.
 Oh, we're actually much better at this than these guys.
 (laughing)
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, that is it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we have said
 over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @ShriverLand.
 Andy.
 - @AndreyHunterM.
 - Alex.
 - @AlexBull on the school.
 - And Chazinski.
 - You can email podcast@QI.com.
 - Yep, or you can go to our website.
 No such thing as a fish.com.
 We have links to the tour that we're doing
 at the end of this year.
 We have a link to the book that's coming out in November.
 And you can find every single episode
 we've ever done up there too.
 Okay, we'll be back again next week with another episode.
 We'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
