 We run it on QI a few years ago.
 Yeah.
 And which was, there's no such thing as a fish.
 It's kind of nice, there's nothing as a fish.
 No, seriously, it's in the Oxford Dictionary of Underwater Life.
 He says it, right there, first paragraph.
 No such thing as a fish.
 Hello, and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast
 coming to you from the QI offices in Covent Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber, I'm sitting here with four other elves.
 I've got Andy Murray, James Harkin, Anna Chisinski, and on fact checking duties, Alex Bell.
 So once again, we've gathered around the microphone with our favorite facts from the last seven
 days.
 And in no particular order, here we go.
 Anna, fact number one.
 My effect is that made in Germany, product labels were originally intended to put people
 off buying the product.
 It was a law pass in England in 1887, which forced foreign companies to put labels saying
 where the product had been made on their items, because British companies were worried about
 German knockoff products flooding their market and being cheap and tacky.
 Typical inferior Germans.
 Exactly.
 The poor manufacturing base.
 I'm terrible footballing students.
 Baron, it was mainly to say the Sheffield cutlery industry, obviously it's ironic, because
 made in Germany very, very quickly became a stamp of very high quality.
 So true fencer is German?
 It became popular during Nazi regime.
 It wasn't invented specifically for it.
 Oh, I thought Hitler commissioned it.
 I thought he wanted like a German soft drink.
 That's what people think.
 But it became popular then, but it wasn't invented specifically by Hitler.
 That would be surprising.
 I find it very weird when countries decide that their products have to be patriotic or
 like, you know, the classic thing during the war in Iraq when America and France fell
 out.
 Freedom fries became the thing.
 I love the story of freedom fries because it was one guy, it was a Republican chairman called
 Bob Nay.
 And he renamed the menus of three congressional cafeterias with freedom fries.
 That's how it started.
 And then it just spread from there.
 Yeah.
 And he didn't need to tell anyone about it because he has control over the cafeterias.
 So he just said, this is happening, and so they changed it.
 Isn't that amazing?
 He has control.
 Yeah.
 Fascistic.
 In position of freedom based.
 Yeah.
 I did read a reference to supposedly French kissing a couple of real zealots decided they
 were now going to do only freedom kissing.
 I don't think that caught on either.
 I would say that.
 Freedom toast as well for a French toast.
 He also changed that on the menu, and that didn't get as much press.
 I don't know why.
 Freedom bread.
 You can make a substitution for anything, which is French.
 And you free the movie starring Gerard Depadieu, dawned freedom, of course, famously the comedian.
 Apparently, the boycotted French is mustard, even though it's owned by a British company,
 and it's named after an American guy called Mr. French.
 That's right.
 He actually came out and said, please don't boycott us.
 It's just a surname of our family.
 Have you guys heard of Star Spangled Ice Cream?
 Yeah.
 We heard this.
 This is brilliant.
 So it was conservative Americans had an ice cream company, and they gave their ice creams
 punning names. So for instance, the mint ice cream was called smaller government.
 So can you guess what the chocolate ice cream was called during the bombardment of Afghanistan?
 Well, it was called chocolate or even better than vanilla ice cream was called.
 I hate the French video.
 But it's right to the point just back to the freedom fries thing very quickly.
 It was really nice.
 It was a counter.
 So when people were doing the freedom fries thing, there was a cafe in Santa Cruz, which changed
 their menu of fries to impeach George W. Bush fries, which is really nice as nuts to
 that.
 Speaking of labels, there were these American handbags, Tom Bin handbags, and they have
 washing instructions in English and French that were made during the Bush era.
 And the English ones are perfectly normal, and then when you read them in French, they
 say, do not bleach, do not dry and dry.
 Do not iron.
 We are sorry, our president is an idiot.
 We did not vote for him.
 That's great.
 That's lovely.
 In the first world war, there's exactly the same thing happened with all German name products
 in the USA.
 So Sauerkraut was called Liberty Cabbage.
 And that was renamed as a result of a delegation, but petitioning the Federal Food Administration,
 they said that Sauerkraut consumption had decreased by 75% since 1914 over the course
 of the war.
 And they said, look, we've got 400 tons of it in New York alone on our hands.
 Please rename it so that we can actually sell some of this stuff.
 That's cool.
 Yeah.
 German measles became Liberty measles.
 Yeah.
 I think some are fun to know.
 Although that's sort of on the fringe of, you know, freedom kissing or whatever.
 I was thinking about on Germany, because obviously Maiden Germany now is something that's associated
 with high quality.
 And in fact, the obverse to my original fact, which is that Maiden Germany was imposed
 on the Germans by the English, now the EU regulations are saying that labeling should
 be more accurate.
 So if actually most of the work on a product has done in Bangladesh, and the most expensive
 part comes from India, then you're not allowed to say Maiden Germany, because you're a German
 company.
 And Germans are saying that's really unfair.
 One of the reasons people buy our products is because it says Maiden Germany, because they're
 really good.
 Anyway, this is a long-winded way of saying German economy is great and maybe there's something
 to do with the fact that their word for borrow is the same as their word for guilt.
 So they obviously have really, really good borrowing rates.
 What?
 Personal borrowing is very low.
 Because it's shameful.
 It's shameful.
 So if you borrow, you have to say the word guilt.
 That wasn't really round the butt way of talking about this.
 It was, wasn't it?
 It was.
 Good.
 I think I wanted to inform people about the EU regulation at the same time as rounding
 it off.
 No one can say you didn't do that.
 I think I did.
 So I was looking into Maiden China as a label.
 I was really surprised by stuff that they produce 85% of all artificial Christmas trees
 are from China.
 Yeah, really.
 But other things that are made in China, the US uniforms for the 2012 Olympics.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 And also in 2008, police in China said they discovered a factory making free Tibet flags.
 Yeah.
 But apparently the workers at the factory said they thought they were just making colourful
 flags.
 They didn't know the significance of them.
 So the Maiden China label is exactly the same as Maiden Germany is in Japan, forced it
 on the Chinese to say to discourage people from buying Chinese products shortly afterwards.
 No way.
 Quite like funny labels on stuff.
 And I just remembered that the iPod shuffle when it first came out on its little safety labels
 said, do not eat iPod shuffle, which was useful.
 My sister bought a pram for her first kid Sophia and it was a huge box and on the side of
 the box it has a picture of a baby saying baby not included.
 I can't tell if it was a joke or if it was, yeah.
 All right.
 We should wrap up on this one.
 Alex, have you got anything to add going back to soft drinks?
 Fanta was invented actually by Coca-Cola because they couldn't import their syrup into
 North Germany.
 So they were trying to make up a drink using the leftovers that were available.
 Okay.
 Time for fact number two.
 And that is my fact and my fact this week is in 1991, a professor at Iowa State University
 proposed that we could solve virtually every problem of human existence by blowing up
 the moon.
 Not every problem.
 This is what he said.
 Not losing the remote.
 I think that was included.
 I think he went literally through.
 Wow.
 So what problems are we solving and how?
 Well, the problems range from weather problems to famine, to disease.
 Now, it has been pointed out by most scientists alive that this is not the case.
 It would not solve the problems.
 In fact, NASA were saying that if we did blow up the moon, most likely part of the exploded
 moon would come back as a meteorite impacting on Earth and causing sufficient damage to
 extinguish, extinguish all life.
 So actually, slightly the reverse effect of what he said, no, it kind of would solve all
 our problems to be gone.
 We wouldn't have any problems anymore.
 That's true.
 Yeah.
 He thought, and his name was professor Alexander Abyan.
 His idea was that you would do it remotely from Earth.
 So you would put explosives into the moon and just push about and...
 When did he say that?
 1991.
 All right.
 It's quite recent then.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 He's dead now, unfortunately.
 And his children say that he was a very sane man.
 So this is not...
 This is not as if he was a lunatic.
 He was a very much loved mathematics professor at his university.
 There have been a lot of wacky suggestions about how to save the world over the years, haven't
 there?
 Some of them you've got to admire.
 And apparently they...
 Some of them could work.
 So one idea is that we wrap Greenland up in a blanket.
 You guys read this?
 No.
 No.
 So the problem is so all the... all the greeners' eyes is melting.
 That's obviously a bit of an issue.
 So in 2009, a bunch of geoengineers covered Greenland in this big, quite blanket.
 And there's meant to reflect the sun, so it means that the sun doesn't heat up and melt
 the ice.
 And it was surprising and successful, more successful than predicted, but it would cost about
 a trillion dollars to do it to the entirety of Greenland.
 Oh.
 Pretty weird.
 It's strange that putting a duvet on something would cool it down.
 Yeah.
 You would think it would just melt it.
 Mm.
 But in a hot country, if you go on, if you've got the sun blazing in on you and you've
 hide under a duvet here, think...
 Well, it's just not a very hot country.
 No.
 That's a fair point.
 So is the theory work or not?
 Yeah, it did work, but it's just that it's way too expensive to be at all feasible.
 Yeah.
 My favourite fact about Greenland is that until quite recently, 10% of the whole population
 lived in the same apartment block.
 What?
 No.
 One, one percent.
 Was it one percent?
 Yeah.
 It was something like 400 people out of 40,000, I think.
 Yeah.
 Something like that.
 Isn't that cool?
 Yeah, that's really good.
 It's called Block K, I think, or something like that.
 Block P.
 I got that completely wrong, didn't I?
 I knew there was a fact in there somewhere.
 So, did we work out what kind of problems he was going to solve?
 It was one of those things where he kind of just made the statements.
 He didn't publish a paper on it or anything.
 He just kind of loosely gave the territories and it was stuff like the weather pattern.
 He didn't really go into it.
 Ties.
 Ties.
 I've been cut off at high tide on a beach.
 Yeah.
 It's always a nightmare.
 That's going to stop.
 Yeah.
 Losing a remote.
 That was a big part of his decision, man.
 Would there be any tides left without the moon?
 Yeah.
 Because the sun does...
 Has tidal faucets...
 There are other tides as well.
 Yeah, it would mean that it would be high tide at midday every day, everywhere in the world
 where you were.
 If it was midday, it'd be high tide.
 Oh, that's so boring.
 It's like decimalisation, isn't it?
 So, no.
 All those tide timetables that I have to be reprinted as, actually.
 The crazy pound-shilling and pens world of the moon.
 Yeah.
 The mollusks reproductive organs grow and shrink according to the phases of the moon.
 So, if there was no moon, would they stay big or stay small?
 It depends when you blew up the moon.
 Yeah.
 They'd be a powerful lobby from the mollusk community to blow it up when they were big.
 Is that like the wind changing when the moon blows up your face?
 You'll be stuck that way.
 Your testicle will remain the same size forever.
 I think we shouldn't be too judgmental.
 It should be because I think he...
 Abian?
 Is that what he was called?
 Yeah.
 When he died, he said, "Those critics who dismissed my ideas are very close to those
 who dismissed Galileo."
 And it was true, you know, when Galileo was thinking that.
 So maybe 300 years when the moon's just in shattered pieces across the universe.
 I don't think Galileo ever proposed blowing up the moon.
 It wasn't smart enough.
 For me, captain.
 It's such a cool...
 There wasn't plan to do a new clear explosion on the moon, wasn't there, by America, as
 a show of might to the Russians.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 It was like a PR exercise.
 Oh, that is fascinating.
 Sort of pointlessly exploding something.
 Yeah.
 I mean, it wouldn't have blown up the moon.
 It wouldn't have just made a bit of a flash.
 The idea was the Russians would look up and go, "Oh my God, they blew up a bit of the moon.
 They must be a lot better than us, do you?"
 Oh, they've got terrible aim.
 Well, they're trying to hit us there.
 They must have in Europe come on, they can't hit up them though.
 I, of course, have taken my head, because I know that is going to say something about yetis
 or vampires.
 No, it's my favourite book of recent times that I purchased, which is called Who Built
 the Moon.
 And it's a really lovely theory that the moon is artificial, because back when the rocks
 were originally brought back from NASA's Apollo 11 mission, the geologists who were studying
 the rocks said, "This says made in China."
 No, they said that basically the moon is just, "It's such a weird thing, the moon.
 The way it sits, the position it sits in, the perfectness of the distance between the
 sun and the earth, and just all the features that it allows for the tides and all that, it
 just, it's easier to prove it doesn't exist than to prove it does exist."
 There are people called eco-sexuals, do you know about these guys?
 No.
 What's going on?
 Is it people who like having sex with the planet?
 Yes.
 In a way.
 There are people who have married the moon.
 Oh, wow.
 There were also people who married the earth, and they interviewed these people, and they
 said there were 450 others, and we're all married to the earth.
 Has anyone had a divorce to the earth because they fell off of the moon?
 I don't think so.
 Because actually these people who married the moon and married the earth, they also married
 the Appalachian mountains and some snow in Ottawa.
 I'm tiring of these people.
 When they go to Spain later this summer, according to the news report, they plan to marry
 some hunks of coal in the city of Guizhoub.
 These people are alive now, so they're all sluts, basically, just putting themselves out
 there for an incentive.
 It's been the wedding ceremony, though, where you've got the person standing on one side
 of the altar and the entire earth on the other side of the earth.
 Where are the guests sit or a mountain range?
 You might now kiss the snow.
 The wedding ended tragically early when the groom melted.
 So could we survive without the moon?
 Is that at all possible?
 I don't think so.
 I doubt it.
 There would be earthquakes, wouldn't there, and volcanoes?
 One theory is that the earth's rotational axis, as if it just disappeared, that the earth's
 rotational axis would go way off and provoke drastic climate change.
 Oh, yeah, because doesn't the moon stop us from wobbling like there's a natural wobble
 of planets, and because we have the moon, it steadies the earth, and without that I think
 it would cause dramatic climate change.
 We like what happens to Mars.
 Oh, really?
 I think so, like, as in we were done with no atmosphere.
 We're so lucky to have the moon.
 Yeah.
 Thank you, moon.
 And your friend, Dan, is trying to destroy it.
 I know.
 He wants to help.
 There's an amazing thing, and Alex, you'll probably have to help me find the proper fact
 about this.
 But there was a story about when Apollo 10 went around the backside of the moon.
 So you know how you lose contact with the earth, because you can't get any signals.
 Yes.
 And so we're going to, on a regular day, it's like this terrible signal.
 So they have a few minutes behind the moon.
 And the astronauts in Apollo 10, as they were going around the moon, they started hearing
 this amazing orchestra, and they couldn't explain it.
 And what's really interesting is it's only recently that they've declassified these papers.
 And the conversation that they had was they were going, we can't tell everyone back on
 earth that we're hearing this because they just won't believe us.
 That will be our career over if we suddenly claim to hear this orchestra.
 Let them years to work out what it was.
 It turns out that it was a beam that was coming off from Saturn, I think it was.
 Alex, you might have to help me on that one there.
 I can fight.
 I found a video about the phenomenon and it obviously happened, but I can't find anything
 about an explanation.
 Eugene Sennon described it several times as an outer space-y style type music.
 He probably just swallowed his iPod Nano.
 Perfect.
 I've seen a keen musician, I used a Glockenspiel player.
 He played a really fun prank in 1976 on April 1st, because obviously he did his radio program,
 what was it called?
 Sky night.
 Sky at night.
 But on April 1st, 1976, Patrick Moore told a radio audience that unusual planetary alignment
 would cause people on earth to weigh a little bit less at 947 in the morning, and if everyone
 jumped in the air, they'd experience a strange sensation of weightlessness.
 Lots of people did it.
 And they immediately called up the radio to say, "Hey, it happened, I felt it."
 I was weightless for a second.
 People claim they actually levitated.
 That's great.
 It's such a good hoax.
 I love it.
 I like the fact that the first person to play golf, probably the only person to play golf
 on the moon, Alan Sheppard, missed it on his first attempt to kind of enjoy the fact that
 he missed the shot.
 To be fair, he was in a space suit, I guess it's hard to take a golf ball.
 One thing I really, really like is that when Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin first landed
 on the moon, they just landed at NASA, got in touch with them and ordered them to eat a
 meal and go to sleep.
 Yeah.
 Can you imagine having just landed on the moon and being told to go to bed?
 It's happening.
 Yeah, it's happening.
 Can we get to the moon?
 This is what we need to do.
 We don't deserve to be contacted by at this point.
 Okay, time for fact number three, and that is James Harkin.
 Okay, my fact this week is something I read on mentalfloss.com, and it is that in
 New York City until 1925, drivers going east or west stopped to the number light and drove
 on green, while drivers going north or south drove on the number light and stopped on green.
 So it was it was it like a traffic light that had no back?
 Yeah, you could see it from all different directions, so, but you'd have to know whether
 you're going east or west or north or south, which sounds.
 But in New York, I suppose that's easier than London, which has no grid system for most
 of it.
 Yeah, less easy than just saying across the city, red means stop.
 Why did they do they must have had a reason for splitting it up like that?
 I don't know, I think it's because they aren't they use the same lights for people going
 in each direction.
 Wow.
 So when it was on the amber, these guys could go and when it was on green, these guys could
 go.
 But it was amazing.
 Mental.
 Good thing there were no diagonals in New York as well.
 What the hell do they do?
 That's true.
 Similar kind of thing.
 In London, the circle line on the underground used to be owned by two different companies.
 I, the clockwise bit was owned by one and the anticlockwise is owned by another.
 And you had to get a separate ticket from a different office.
 Sometimes the companies would try and sell you a ticket, so you'd go around 30 stops
 their way rather than go back three stops with the other companies.
 Wow.
 It sounds like journey planner on TFL.
 I can't have to take seven items of transport together.
 Who is Alex?
 Yesterday, who's saying that the most popular tube journey is Covent Garden to Leicester Square?
 Yeah.
 It's the most popular one.
 And the shortest.
 And the shortest one.
 Unless you take the anticlockwise route in which case it's been really pretty money's
 worth.
 Yeah.
 During the cultural revolution in China, they wanted to change it so that green meant stop
 and red meant go because obviously red was a much more positive colour in those days.
 It's very strong colour.
 What about the cultural revolution, that fact about how they tried to kill all the sparrows
 because they were eating all the crops?
 Remember that?
 I think that was the great leap forward.
 Was it?
 Yes.
 It wasn't a mouth, yeah.
 So what did they do?
 There were like half a billion sparrows in China and they had a scheme where everyone
 was encouraged to kill them all.
 And so everyone killed all the sparrows.
 And then that's great because they're not eating the crops anymore, but they didn't realise
 that actually the sparrows were eating all the insects that were eating the crops.
 So they got rid of the sparrows and then all the crops died because they were eaten by insects
 instead.
 Fools.
 People never anticipate introductions and culling.
 People never seem to anticipate that natural knock on everything.
 Oh, exactly.
 Even though it happens every time.
 Yeah, I really like that guy who wanted to introduce to America every single bird mentioned
 in Shakespeare.
 Oh, yeah.
 And he introduced tons of them.
 And one of them is now the biggest pest in America.
 And I can't always say it is.
 Is it cross-guiling or something like that?
 Yes, something like that.
 Like a huge silence.
 Yeah.
 I have an amazing sparr effect.
 That's cool.
 Yesterday, I'm so glad this has come up.
 I read this in a Carl Sagan book, I was in foils and just flipped it open to random page.
 And it was that sparrows' testicles are a millimeter long and weigh one milligram.
 Oh.
 So I tweeted that yesterday.
 And K. Smolker, who is the natural history museum in Rotterdam's head curator, he got
 back to me saying that in April and May the sparrows' testicles will grow to the size of
 a kidney bean.
 Wow.
 A millimeter.
 Oh, my days.
 That's like, what's that?
 Like a thousand more times.
 Like a thousand more times.
 At a full moon.
 I read yesterday that on also on testicle news, not that was on the website.
 So I read that hippos can hide the testicles around their body.
 What?
 Like on their shoulder?
 Yeah, a pocket.
 Yeah, no.
 What they can do is they can retract them up to a foot inside their body.
 And the reason that they do it is because when hippos use to fight each other or when hippos
 do fight each other, they often go for the testicles.
 And so it's evolved as kind of an evolutionary way of moving the testicles out of the way.
 And it's a real problem if you're trying to castrate them.
 Can't believe hippos have beaten you guys to it.
 You've surely wished that you'd evolved them.
 Oh, W.F.
 Wrestlers do it.
 That's the one.
 Okay, right.
 Let's go back to Ian Fleming, because in one of his books, I think it's in "You only live
 twice".
 Bond's getting his instructions from Emma and Emma says, "Be careful of suma wrestlers in
 Japan because they can all withdraw their testicles into their body."
 What?
 Why be careful?
 Watch out for those testicle retractors who die of shock.
 They're going to some non-testicles where you expect to see them to respond, just to
 prepare yourself.
 But can they?
 I don't think you know that.
 So humans can't.
 No, but can't you?
 I've not tried, but I thought the idea was that they sort of shoved them into themselves.
 If I had a half hour with you, Andy, and I had a lot of the tournament lunch, but the
 fact that I'm kind of, we've slightly jumped past, which I love way more, is that hippos
 kick each other in the balls.
 No, it's okay.
 Bite, bite.
 Bite their balls.
 Oh, wow.
 Because if you think about it, it's a good, if you're fighting someone for sexual reasons,
 as in you're trying to get the lady, hippo.
 Yeah.
 And a good way of going against the guys to bite his testicles off because then he can't
 make with the female.
 Two birds of one stone.
 So you sort of cripple him and also?
 One bird, no stones.
 Two birds.
 I think we should maybe go back to traffic lights.
 Yes, sure.
 These are traffic lights.
 I was reading about the history of signs and when the two people who standardised signposts
 in the UK as pretty thrilling reading, were Jock, Kineer, and Margaret Calvert in the 1950s.
 But one of the things they were uproar about when they were standardising signposts was signs
 that usually been in capital letters and their proposal to put them in lower case, apparently
 caused outrage in the sign making a community.
 I'm sorry.
 I'm sorry.
 I'm sorry.
 They decided because it's easier to read from a distance because capitals can look all
 sort of the same if you're on a distance.
 Oh, that's good.
 And they were tasked to find the most boring font available to them, so it wasn't distracting
 for drivers.
 How was it they go with?
 And it's called motorist font.
 That does sound boring to be fair.
 I like the way that before they standardised it, they would have weird like signs.
 The sign for schools used to be a flaming torch of knowledge.
 It is.
 It's brilliant.
 I want to live in a country where those are the symbols.
 It's great, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 But imagine driving up the road and you see a flaming torch.
 The school is not the first place you think.
 Danger, fire.
 Turn around.
 I mean, actually, the sign for schools...
 The school of liberty straight ahead.
 The sign for schools now, the girl in that picture is, or children crossing, is based
 on the woman Margaret, who standardised the schools.
 Which I didn't know was based on her, because it's the most generic girl picture ever.
 Yeah, and the sign for farm animals is based on her family cow, which is called patience.
 So now we know that the cow on those farm signs is called patience.
 Wonderful.
 Alex, have you got anything to add?
 Yes, a couple of things very quickly.
 It was Eugene Sheeflin in 1890, who released a load of birds in Central Park.
 We were all matching in Shakespeare. He let bullfinches, chaffinches, nightingales and skylocks
 into the park.
 But it was the stallings that he released, which have now grown to about 2 billion massive
 pests.
 In British Columbia is the second largest breed of blueberries, and they just eat all
 the blueberries.
 It was in, you only live twice, that Bond was being taught how to be Japanese, and his
 teacher told him that similarsis can retract their testicles.
 But it's as far as I can tell, a complete myth.
 It's nothing like a thought artificially doing it or otherwise.
 Again, half an hour with me and Andy in a room.
 Okay, time for a final fact of the show.
 And that is you, Andy Murray.
 My fact is that there are companies which lasu icebergs to stop them hitting oil rigs.
 That's really good.
 How cool is that?
 That's very cool.
 So when you say lasu, do they do the cow boy thing if they just throw a rope at it?
 They just throw a rope and they say yeeha, and then they brand it which doesn't work because
 it melts.
 It melts.
 It's not exactly like the cow boy thing, but basically a ship circumnavigates an iceberg
 with a rope.
 See what it means?
 So it ties it on at one point.
 It goes around the circumference and then reattach it and just toes it.
 You don't have to toe more than a few degrees off course to ensure that it doesn't hit an
 oil rig.
 But it's really clever.
 And half the battle is in knowing where icebergs are and checking how they're floating.
 And so they observe the sky or they observe the sea rather from the skies and check what's
 moving where.
 If any icebergs do need to be moved, then they call a cow boy, and that started with the
 Titanic, didn't it?
 It was the fact that the iceberg hitting the Titanic led to them going, we need to monitor
 these things now.
 And they started putting in place the system that we now have to work out where they all
 are.
 The international ice patrol, which I just really like is a name.
 Fantastic organization.
 Yeah.
 It's good.
 But I like the fact that yeah, after the Titanic, they just a bunch of guys and boats were sent
 out to check where icebergs were.
 So I assume they just kept crashing into icebergs again.
 There's one here.
 Got another one.
 Got one.
 You know, they have a photo or two photos that they think potentially where it was the
 iceberg that the Titanic crashed into?
 It's got red paint along the side.
 So there's two icebergs that definitely had paint.
 And so the pictures were taken just for that reason because they thought, oh wow, how
 curious.
 I know that the Titanic incident had happened, which sounds weird, but true, the two boats
 were a German boat.
 They had no idea.
 I read an amazing article on Wired, which was a biography of the iceberg that hit the Titanic
 as much as you could speculate.
 They reckon it started in Greenland.
 Basically, every year, there's about 15 to 30 icebergs that are carved from the glaciers
 and they reckon only about 1% of those make it to the Atlantic.
 And then they gradually melt and so they eventually disappeared.
 So had the Titanic been going a few years later, it might not have been there at all.
 I kind of like the idea of the iceberg then going on to live a normal life with the
 eco-sexual husband.
 Well, it would also have been 3,000 years old because when it fell as snow onto the Arctic,
 it would have been packed and then very slowly moved out from the centre of it.
 That's an interesting life to have nothing happen for 3,000 years and then you run into the
 Titanic.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Really?
 It was probably born as a iceberg roughly at the same time as Tutankhamun.
 Right.
 Yeah.
 That's so nice.
 So that was happening.
 And then it just found its way down to the Atlantic and eventually just hit really, really
 amazing.
 I guess it could be like, say, some sweat from Tutankhamun went up into the atmosphere.
 It turned into snow, fell down, waited there for 3,000 years and then hit the Titanic.
 Yeah.
 Which claim is that Tutankhamun sunk the Titanic?
 Whoa.
 That should be your fact on these.
 That was that conspiracy.
 Yeah, no, no, no, no, but that was the big thing that there was stuff from, it's a huge myth
 from back in the day that Tutankhamun's stuff from the Howard Carter finding was on the Titanic
 and it was the curse that brought it down.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 You guys must know that.
 That was one of the classic childhood myths.
 The classic childhood myths.
 Yeah.
 Like, that was a children were told bedtime stories.
 Dan was told conspiracy theories.
 Okay.
 And it's cradle.
 Raised in terror.
 I think it is Dan.
 Little Dan.
 The lizards are behind it all.
 Sleep well.
 It is weird to think that, yeah, you might have molecules of water that were in the Titanic
 iceberg in you now.
 Do you guys know about the world's largest iceberg?
 No.
 No.
 It's about the size of Jamaica, the half the size of Wales and it calved off in the year 2000
 and they think that there's probably still bits of it that haven't melted yet.
 Wow.
 Was that an antogtic one?
 Yeah.
 It was called iceberg B15.
 Catchy.
 They don't have very creative names, icebergs, like hurricanes, they just, they have B50,
 D12, D14.
 D12?
 Do they rap a lot?
 They do.
 Yeah.
 I was looking at oil rigs.
 America's third largest oil field is LA and it's completely concealed.
 So if most oil fields you picture like those big pylons, LA is full of secret oil rigs.
 So LA started sort of hipifying around, I think, the 1930s and people who had built these
 huge oil rig buildings.
 The skies there's normal buildings in LA and they're all over Hollywood and there are
 just buildings all over LA which look like normal concrete buildings and inside they're
 sucking up, you know, hundreds of thousands of gallons of oil.
 For most of the transformers of the oil industry, aren't they?
 Towing an iceberg.
 Yeah.
 We've done some computer models to see if it's feasible to tow an iceberg from the Arctic
 down to Africa to give people drinking water and they think that you could take an iceberg
 from Newfoundland to the northwest coast of Africa, it would take five months and would retain
 more than 60% of the iceberg's mass.
 If it was the cheapest way, it might have been tried.
 They must be.
 They did try it.
 Well, did that was tried.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 In the second half of the 19th century, smaller icebergs were routinely taken up to Peru
 for refrigeration in the brewing business.
 Oh.
 Over on the South Pole.
 Yes.
 Right.
 I see.
 So why do they keep them?
 In the harbor where they just have loads of icebergs.
 Must look so bizarre.
 It's not only icebergs that we're lassoing, NASA is investing in a project to lasso and asteroid
 using a robotic space lasso, to lassoing an asteroid into lunar orbit to make sure it orbits
 the moon so that it hopes that by 2025, we're going to be able to use it, astronauts will
 be able to use it as a way station from which to extract consumables on the way to Mars.
 That's like the worst idea I've ever had.
 We've already established that losing the moon would solve all our problems.
 And now we're saying, let's bring another moon.
 Yeah.
 A moon for the moon.
 Okay, that's it for this week's podcast.
 Thanks everyone for listening.
 If you want to get in contact with any of us, you can do so on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Streiberland.
 James.
 @Xshaped.
 Alex.
 Alex fell under school.
 Andy.
 @AndreyHunterM.
 Ed Anna.
 Or you can go to our qi.com/podcastpage where she and Alex compile all of the extra stuff that
 we've been talking about from this episode and we're going to be back again next week with
 another episode.
 So stay tuned.
 We'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 Okay.
 Everyone else has left apart from me and Anna with the only ones left in the office because
 everyone else has gone to Edinburgh, but if you want to see any of the guys in Edinburgh,
 you can see Andy.
 He has two shows.
 One is called ostentatious and the other is called Folly Adder and they are improvised comedy
 shows and Dan will be doing his one hour show, which is called Cuck Blocked From Outer
 Space and he will also be producing the Museum of Curiosity Life.
 So if anyone is in Edinburgh, then go and catch those.
 (upbeat music)
