 Hi everyone, welcome to this week's episode of No Such Thing as a Fish where we are joined
 by our very good friend Jenny Colgan. Now Jenny Colgan is, well she's done a bit of
 stand up but she is mostly well known for being a writer, a writer of romantic comedy
 fiction and of science fiction. If you are a fan of Doctor Who then you may well know
 her. She's written all sorts of spin-offs and audiobooks and stuff for Doctor Who. We might
 get into that in the first fact today, spoiler alert, but what we'd like to let you know
 about most of all is that Jenny has a brand new book. It is called The Summer Skies and
 if it is anything like Jenny's other work it is going to be absolutely fantastic, just
 perfect for a summer holiday and you can get that wherever you buy your books. On top of
 that the usual stuff do join club fish if you want a bit of extra fish in your life and
 some ad free episodes and if you go to noticethingsafish.com/podfest then you will find that there are one
 or two really not many at all tickets left for our show at Kings Place in September. We
 are on the verge of booking an amazing guest for that. I promise you you will not want
 to miss it. If you can't get down to London then there are streaming tickets available.
 Okay really hope you enjoyed this week's show and all that's left to say is on with
 the next episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming to you from the QI
 offices in Hoburn. My name is Dan Schreiber, I am sitting here with James Harkin, Andrew
 Hunter Murray and Jenny Colgan and once again we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days and in no particular order here
 we go. Starting with fact number one and that is Jenny. There is, on.to, a Dalek named
 after a Dickens character. I learned this fact for money, not actually for points really
 because one of my kids teachers is a great Dickens fan and he said to the kids if you
 bring me a Dickens fact that I haven't heard before there's something in it for you. So
 I can put it out to the world which was kind of fun and actually the most Dickens facts
 that everybody knows, one he's the first person ever to talk about dinosaurs in fiction.
 I did not know that. There is a reference to dinosaur on page one of Blake House and
 then the other thing that most people know is that Hans Christian Anderson came to Stamerton
 on holiday and was the worst guest ever and they both wrote about it in their diaries
 with Hans going oh I'm feeling so weary and Dickens going how do we get this guy out.
 So these, obviously the teacher knew these very famous facts but what he did not know
 is a friend of mine who's an actor plays a Dalek on.to and they tend to keep the same
 people because obviously it's quite skilled and you tend to be in the same Dalek casing
 because they're really small and it's not very pleasant to spend 10 hours in a really
 small space. So you have your own Dalek and the Dalek is named after you in the props
 covered and my friend is called Barnaby and he's named after Barnaby Rodge and so there
 is in the BBC Dalek Barnaby.
 Dalek Barnaby that's so good.
 Go ahead and dig in there sir I must exterminate you.
 Yeah that's amazing. So yeah so for anyone that doesn't know Doctor Who James I'm looking
 at you.
 Yeah I'm afraid I don't.
 You know what the Daleks are though?
 Yeah they're like little robots are they?
 They're a tall villain.
 Oh so are they?
 So are they?
 Yeah they're tall.
 They're not little when we say little they're about.
 Yeah but if I had to describe a Dalek the first word I would say wasn't oh they're
 quite tall.
 The guy over there can you describe him?
 Yeah he's tall.
 No he's got a same punch coming out of his tall side.
 Can you tell me anything about the criminal who came over and tried to exterminate you?
 Well yeah first of all he was tall.
 I was simply addressing your first point and saying they're small.
 I was simply hitting that off as a busted myth straight away.
 Okay so there's like Jenny do it she knows Doctor Who.
 They're a paper pot they're tall and they have a kind of plunder at the front and they
 are in fact they look like they're the monsters but they're not they are kind of strange creatures
 inside.
 They used to be people.
 So they're like a tank for a month.
 That is exactly what they're like.
 When you say pepper pot I read that when they were designed the person who decided how they
 would move used the pepper pot to kind of move around the table and say this is how
 they'll move.
 Is that true?
 I think it is.
 It was Ray Cusick who designed the look of the door.
 It's a really weird the story of how they were come up with because the creator was Terry
 Nation who was involved in working on the very early scripts and he just described them
 in the script but he didn't really describe them very much and then Terry Nation was...
 He said tall.
 He said just some cool aliens.
 And then Ray Cusick took the job to design them and he worked with a model maker called
 Bill Roberts and they actually they're the ones who built the look as far as I understand
 it.
 Is that fair?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And Terry Nation though holds the as it were...
 But they belong to him.
 The copyright.
 They belong to him.
 Well he became hugely wealthy because he owned the copyright to Daleks and so...
 And to the point where when the new series came back all those years ago with Russell
 T. Davies the first one with Christopher Eccleston we didn't know if we were going to get the
 Daleks back because the Terry Nation estate said well we don't know if this is going to
 be... They had to consider that the Daleks would not return with Doctor Who.
 And what is the very first thing the Daleks do when they come back?
 I know this one.
 I actually know this one because that's one of the very little bits of Doctor Who I've
 seen.
 They go up some stairs.
 They fly up the stairs.
 Yeah.
 It was in such a lovely moment when kind of rose escapes up the stairs and the whole
 country's going...
 Aha!
 The one thing I know about Daleks and then the limited.
 Yeah.
 I'd love to know if your friend Barnaby if he's been in the same Dalek for all these
 years.
 Whether or not it's like when you go into a small biplane and you know the person's
 got a picture of their kids up on some dice, you know, is he inside?
 Have they got all these little mementos?
 It's a complete Dalek!
 This is not the only literary reference that made its way into Doctor Who.
 The very first companion of the very first series of Doctor Who was Ian Chesterton.
 And Ian Chesterton was named after GK Chesterton because the original scriptwriter for the
 show Coburn was a devout Catholic and a massive fan of Chesterton and so gave him that name.
 Yeah.
 So Chesterton made it in as well.
 And Dickens is the first historical figure that turns up in New Who.
 Oh really?
 Wow.
 So he's in the second episode I think.
 Of the original series?
 Of the new series.
 Of the new series.
 So which of course isn't new anymore.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 It's like really old.
 Right.
 As played, of course, by Simon Cowell who has played Dickens so often I get them very
 muddled up in my head.
 Yeah.
 So the first companion was named after who?
 GK Chesterton.
 GK Chesterton.
 Yeah.
 So I've got, I thought the first assistant was the Doctor's granddaughter.
 Are we confusing companion and assistant?
 Oh my God.
 I'm sorry.
 We're going to get letters.
 It's the one who does the inbox.
 I just feel like, I did a Pump Quiz recently and the Quiz Master, she said we had a Doctor
 Who quiz in here last week and I barely got out alive.
 Like, famously the quickest way to end a punch up in a Pump Quiz is to ask how many Doctor
 Who's there been?
 Oh.
 Luckily your inbox is bigger on the inside than ours.
 Yeah, that might be a technicality because the granddaughter is the granddaughter.
 Right, right, right.
 There she comes.
 The brief was really interesting for the casting.
 It was, she had to be a with it girl of 15 reaching the end of her secondary school career
 Eager for life, lower than middle class, avoid dialect, use neutral accent laced with the
 latest teenage slang.
 That was the gig.
 Hit cat.
 Yeah, exactly.
 And then she was made his granddaughter because it was, was it William Hartnell, the first
 one?
 It was.
 And it was to avoid any suggestion of, this is a bit weird, isn't it, this whole bloke
 traveling around with a 15 year old girl.
 What's going on?
 You know, they were really careful with that for so long.
 In fact, right up till I started writing for it and I started.
 Did you change it?
 But no, when I went to see them, they were really, because I write romantic comedy and
 they were really quite funny, like, you know, we can't have any kissing or anything like
 that.
 And I was like, fine.
 I promise you I'm a David T. I will not do any of that.
 Then the show completely changed and actually Matt Smith spends pretty much his whole time
 being naked or getting married to folk by mistake or, you know, they suddenly became a massive
 romantic overtones all the time.
 Did he get his heart broken?
 I just kind of slip in.
 Oh dear.
 I did read that there have been Doctor Who top trumps over the years.
 This is interesting because I do know about top trumps and Pac six has a lot of bad guys
 in, including Adolf Hitler.
 And if you put Pac six against Pac seven, you can fight Adolf Hitler against Queen Elizabeth
 the first.
 So I want you to guess who is the bravest out of Adolf Hitler or Queen Elizabeth the
 first according to top trumps.
 Elizabeth.
 Yeah.
 Agreed.
 Everyone.
 I'll say the minority.
 Sorry.
 Are you voting for Hitler?
 Just checking.
 I just wanted to say out loud that you think Hitler is braver, braver.
 Not better.
 I'll say Hitler.
 In fact, bravery was his lowest possible thing.
 He was good in lots of the things, but the bravery was the worst.
 Who do you think is the strongest out of Hitler or Queen Elizabeth the first?
 I got completely ambushed last time.
 The first. Stronger. She is the strongest and Hitler wins on brains and terror.
 Okay.
 Just a thing.
 Right.
 Victory for Hitler.
 Thank you, Doctor Who.
 He does spend his entire episode locked in the cupboard.
 Does he?
 So I could have got you to the bravery thing, but the brains one slightly defeats me.
 What was Hitler's episode, Doctor Who?
 It's called Let's Kill Hitler.
 Oh, wow.
 Really?
 Gosh.
 One of the first people involved in the BBC side of things, there was a guy called Sidney
 Newman who was the head of drama.
 He was a really interesting guy.
 So there was a play that was broadcast in his career called Underground, right?
 And it was about a group of nuclear holocaust survivors living in the London Underground.
 I think it was early '60s or late '50s, like it was quite, you know, it sounds very terrifying
 and dramatic.
 But it was a live broadcast and one of the actors in it died of a heart attack halfway
 through the television screening offstage.
 So he wasn't on camera, but it was in between scenes basically.
 He was in costume and makeup and, you know, he died and the play had to improvise its
 way through and Newman was kind of in charge of it.
 He said, "Just treat it like a football match.
 Just play on.
 Adjust."
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 Oh, so it wasn't like there's been a murder.
 Like they didn't shift the whole thing to do.
 I don't know.
 Like really deathful care.
 Can I just say, if someone dies in the middle of a football match, they do stop the game.
 That's a very good point.
 That's a very good point.
 Well, that's the weird thing.
 The character was meant to die of a heart attack later in the play.
 The character, not the actor.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 So I guess they just had to shift it.
 Of course not the actor.
 What a gig to agree to.
 This will require you dying.
 It's going out on BBC One, so you've got to think of your career.
 Peter Capaldi, I think, auditioned for the Doctor Who and got the role, but he got it
 20 years later.
 So he auditioned in 1996 when they were casting for the, they made a film, didn't they then?
 And that was...
 Yes.
 Yeah, yeah.
 And lots of people auditioned.
 Michael Palin, Eric Idle, Rick Mail.
 Oh, wow.
 Rick would have been great, although you need to be kind of kind to be the Doctor.
 And I think he was a very kind man in real life, but on screen he was terrifying at all
 times.
 Yeah.
 Others auditioned, Brian Blassid?
 No.
 No?
 Do you know what?
 There's a certain, I think it's about English tolerance for Brian Blassid and I have not.
 Oh, that's wonderful.
 The gene.
 I can't, you know, I get it.
 Everybody loves him.
 It's one of those English things that I don't get.
 Like freaking Tim Henman.
 Do you think Andy would make a good Doctor Who, I think he would.
 I think...
 Yes?
 Let me see your fingers.
 Hold it.
 Your fingers.
 Yeah?
 Okay.
 Sorry, what are you looking for there?
 They've all got really long fingers.
 Are they?
 Oh.
 Is that?
 A requirement.
 A requirement?
 Yeah.
 Maybe that's why Capaldi got the gig 20 years on.
 Yeah.
 He was older.
 Taller.
 Fingers longer fingers.
 Actually, the very nice thing is Shitty Who is the new Doctor Who is also Scottish.
 So we've had the most sensational run of it since we were up in 5th, yeah.
 One of the most famous things about Doctor Who is the fact that during the 1950s and
 60s, or even to the 70s, about 60 to 70% of all BBC video that had recordings of shows
 were deleted.
 And so we're missing, it was over 100 episodes of Doctor Who.
 It's slowly going a bit slow.
 I think it's under the 100 mark now, purely because there is a dedicated group of fans
 who are out there in the world trying to track down all of these missing episodes.
 And it's fascinating.
 Every few years we get a message that comes through from fans online saying, "A nut's
 been found."
 The BBC will say, "Nine found in Nigeria in the cupboard of a random local TV station."
 And they just find the reels?
 Do they?
 Yeah, they find the old, yeah.
 Because what they used to do is they used to send out all of these reels to different
 countries.
 But explicitly would say, "Once you've had it for this many months, there's an expiry
 date on it."
 Yeah.
 Burn them up.
 Yeah, I have at home, I have a vinyl record of a Goon show episode called Yeti, which
 says on it, "Smash this in three months time, here's the expiry date."
 Yeah.
 And someone just hadn't smashed it.
 Is that where the Mission Impossible films got this message will self-destruct in five
 seconds or whatever?
 Could be.
 Yeah, I don't know.
 Yeah, I don't know either.
 It might be.
 But yeah, so we still have like 97 episodes that are still missing, but they keep getting
 fanned.
 If you find one, is it worth like a million quid or something?
 That's interesting.
 Yeah, I don't know.
 Not really.
 No.
 It kind of belongs to the BBC still, and also it's such a kind of proper Indiana Jones
 sleuthathon.
 Yeah.
 You know, people have dedicated.
 It's for every amount of time to this thing.
 Wow.
 It would be seen as bad if you put it on eBay straight away and...
 Yes, it would be seen as bad, but also I think the kind of glory and honour of finding it.
 The missing ones, they've kind of animated them.
 Ah, do they have the scripts then?
 They've got scripts.
 Right.
 Okay, cool.
 When you think of Doctor Who, largely it's the villains of the old Doctor Who, the Daleks
 and so on.
 Slither Man.
 Cyber Man.
 Thank you.
 Well done, James.
 Slither Man.
 But then there's also James, the weeping...
 Angels.
 That's right.
 So Stephen Moffitt, who created that for the show, created a monster that was so iconic
 to the new fans of Doctor Who that when there was a poll done in 2012, it came on top as
 the best villain of Doctor Who, above the Daleks, which is very rare.
 It's the first time I think that's ever happened.
 So the weeping angels, for anyone that doesn't know, it's basically angels that are effectively
 weird aliens or something and if you turn your gaze away from them or you blink, they
 get closer to you and they get closer to you and get closer to you until they capture
 you.
 Like Grandmother's footsteps.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Yeah.
 What time is it, Mr. Wolf?
 Yeah.
 And if they capture you, they don't kill you, but they send you to another time on Earth
 and you're just stuck there and there's no way of getting back.
 So it's basically a death to some extent.
 Also if you're playing top trumps, then they have the same terror as Adolf Hitler.
 Wow.
 There we go.
 I've almost had a problem with the weeping angels as a monster.
 Because I think if we had them now, they'd just be a queue of people closing their eyes
 in front of them saying, "Could you send me back to when I could buy a house?"
 I've had about 1981.
 Manhattan is fine.
 Yeah, exactly.
 But so Stephen Mothwick was actually inspired by an original statue that he saw that looked
 so scary and he had this idea of what if that kept encroaching on me.
 So years later, he decided, having told his son about the story, to go back and show him
 the weeping angel that had inspired this and they went there to the exact spot and it was
 gone.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two and that is James.
 Okay.
 My fact this week is when the atom bomb was dropped on Hiroshima, George Bernard Shaw
 wrote the Times in disgust.
 He was upset that there was an unnecessary B at the end of the word bomb.
 Thank you, George, for your contribution on this horrific day.
 I know.
 It's like Churchill said it was going to save a million lives, Gandhi said it was a potential
 suicide of mankind, but George Bernard Shaw wrote, "I can scribble the word bomb barely
 legible 18 times in a minute and bomb without the B 24 times in a minute saving 25% by dropping
 this superfluous B." And he reckoned that it would save 131,400 seconds per year in
 the entire English speaking world.
 How soon after the bomb was dropped did he send this letter?
 It was a few weeks after.
 Oh, okay.
 So he waited for the initial...
 I think that was more the post.
 Right.
 God!
 I mean, yeah, talk about missing the point.
 Yeah, it was.
 Well, he was one of these people who really wanted to improve the language, so to speak,
 by making spelling simpler.
 Thank you.
 Moments, though, mate.
 What the hell?
 I know.
 Has anyone ever written B-O-M for bomb?
 Was he trying to call back to something or was he trying to solve the language?
 It feels like it's an Italian-ish word, bomb.
 I think it comes from the Latin bombus, meaning it's not a matipaiic, it's just like a nice
 bomb.
 Yeah, yeah.
 And then it sort of works.
 But anyway, I thought we might talk about the Manhattan Project because Jenny, you are
 something of an expert.
 Is that fair to say on that?
 I would say it's not really fair to say because that is a hostage to fortune.
 However, I did mastermind and I picked it as my specialist subject.
 Wow.
 And I don't really get nervous very often.
 I have never been so nervous.
 And I wasn't nervous about the subject, which I thought I knew.
 And I wasn't nervous about being, I'd already lost Pointless and I'd already lost whatever
 that other chasey one is.
 So I wasn't nervous about that.
 I was really nervous.
 You know how every year there's one person that gets zero points and it goes on YouTube?
 And you know, and I just, that was just right in front of my eyes.
 In particular, I was like, oh, they're looking at me and they go, oh my God, there's a girl
 on, you know, she thought she'd pick this stupid topic.
 Oh, and the headline would have been 'Cog and Bombs' among a lot of you.
 And I would have written some of the newspapers going, how are you spelling the word 'bomb'?
 You could have saved this much, hadn't you?
 Who was your host?
 It was one of the tall white-haired pointy guys.
 Humphreys.
 Yes.
 Because everyone who watches Doctor Who has their doctor, don't they, who they grew up
 with.
 For me, it's a Magnus Magnus and it's my master mate.
 Well, you did eat, you know, you did a bit of chit chat.
 Yeah.
 And he said, you're right about cakes.
 And I was like, occasionally.
 And he said, why aren't you fat?
 And I was like, what kind of a question?
 Why are we going for this?
 What?
 Why are we going for this?
 Well, how?
 So I think, yeah.
 That's the to-date program training, kicking in, brutalising the guest before you ask the
 question.
 I can't help Andy, but to notice that Jenny's description of tall there to describe the
 host was very useful.
 Actually, actually, no, you're right, Dan.
 I don't think it was.
 Sorry, Jenny.
 You're one of the rubbish writers describing Humphreys.
 He's sitting down.
 Great point.
 So the Manhattan Project?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Oppenheimer.
 And Oppenheimer.
 He was an interesting cook.
 He wasn't an Oppenheimer.
 He was.
 He's someone who was a bit of a troubling kid.
 He was running into stories where his dad kind of has to bail him out at various different
 times to sort of save the career that he's hoping to have.
 He at one point was at Cambridge University.
 He was studying there.
 And he was furious with one of his teachers, who was called Patrick Blackett.
 And Blackett would go on to win a Nobel Prize himself.
 And Blackett was forcing him to do things that weren't theoretical physics.
 He was taking them away from his interests.
 Not applied physics, fuck it.
 In a bit of fury, in a bit of rage, Oppenheimer.
 And this is the story.
 There's lots of different stories, but roughly this is it.
 He poisoned an apple and left it on Blackett's desk for him to eat.
 Like proper will kill you boys.
 Proper poison.
 Yeah.
 There's a lot of murky sort of territory to the story.
 What we do know is definitely the dad stepped in and said, "If we promise to send him to
 a psychiatrist, can we keep him going on and if he keeps his meetings, can he stay?"
 And they said, "Yeah, sure."
 And so that's the only reason that he...
 Lean in those days, wasn't it?
 I know.
 And they wouldn't like people who'd go to these posh schools, grow up, so they've got
 the rules done at Leighton.
 Yeah.
 It is crackers.
 Wasn't that the way that Alan Turing killed himself as well with the poisoned apple?
 It was, yeah.
 Supposedly that's the story.
 Cyanide into the side of an apple.
 A lot of poisoned apples around, yeah.
 No, Oppenheimer was very odd.
 So Oppenheimer is the person who, when they were setting up the Manhattan Project, they
 came to him and they said, "We want you to head this up."
 And the location, Los Alamos itself, was picked by Oppenheimer when he was on horseback going
 off around and he went, "This would be perfect."
 But even though he was given all of this high clearance and he was the head of this very
 secret operation, he was under constant surveillance because they also thought that he was a communist
 because he was very pro-communist.
 He was never card-carrying, but he'd said enough stuff that they thought, "This guy's
 going to be stealing our secrets and sending them out."
 Well, the guy that did...
 There was a guy called Fuchs who was there who ended up, and is possibly, depending on
 how you look at it, guilty of one of the worst crimes that has ever been done, who did go
 and sell the stuff to the Soviets or he took it to the Soviets.
 How would he compare against Hitler in the top trumps, please?
 That's an excellent question, James, when you want to get back, isn't it?
 Sorry.
 And nobody suspected him.
 Not only that, they all really liked him because he had a car and he used to give them a lift
 into town all the time because obviously they'd chit-chat and go, "Yeah, come on, I'll give
 you a little lift to the airport."
 And he caught all of them.
 Not a single one.
 Super nice guy.
 Would he say, "Oh, just throw your briefcase in the back of the car while we drive."
 Exactly.
 And there was someone in the back of the car, like under a blanket, who would then read through
 the stuff.
 Can someone go and pick up Enrico Fermi?
 I'll do it.
 Oh, my God.
 That was another dad rescue moment for Old Openheimer.
 He once got in a car crash because he tried to race a train and failed.
 What do you mean by racing a train?
 Are they going alongside each other?
 It feels like he was trying to outrun it and outgun it.
 As opposed to sometimes it would be like you're trying to cross the track to the goal.
 I think he was just racing.
 I think he was just trying to get ahead of it.
 And it left his girlfriend unconscious and in order to make up for this and turning into
 a big story, the father had to go over to the family of the young woman's house and
 gave a painting and an original Cezanne drawing as well.
 I do that, by the way, that racing after the train on the M1.
 You know, the last bit of the M1, the train goes alongside the road.
 But my car, it's an electric car, so if I go up of 70 miles an hour I lose all my battery
 so I tend to lose the race quite quickly.
 So funny.
 I really think that this film should probably be about his dad.
 Yeah.
 Old Openheimer film.
 Yeah, well it's a comedy if it's about a dad, isn't it?
 It's like, oh, Robert!
 It's like a Dennis the Menace movie then.
 Yeah, and there's a flat when he was growing up.
 There were three Van Gogh paintings and some Picasso's too and clearly some Cezanne's as
 well.
 They were very, very wealthy people when he was growing up.
 But his, Dan, you mentioned he was suspected of being a communist or of being suspect.
 He was approached by Soviet intelligence in 1943 and he said, "No, I'm not going to
 show you the secrets."
 But it still wrecked his career anyway because he didn't tell anyone.
 So he lost his clearance, his security clearance in 1954.
 Feels like his cat's out of the bag then.
 I mean, they've got the bomb.
 But it was overtized to communism, it was in the whole McCarthy witch trial period.
 But the U.S. Department of Energy did reverse their decision in 2022.
 Just 55 years after he died, they said, "You know what?
 You can have your security clearance back."
 Very helpful.
 I mean, it was a gesture, obviously.
 Maybe he's still alive.
 You don't know what these atomic bombs are going to do to your...
 Yeah.
 I would say that there was a movement on to stop people smoking on film because it wasn't
 very interesting.
 Oh, yeah.
 They just pooped down.
 And then I watched Casablanca because I'd never seen it.
 And everyone is chugging on fags 100% the time and it's disgusting.
 It was so disgusting.
 And Oppenheimer never, ever took a breath that didn't have a cigarette on it.
 So I'm feeling quite sorry for the actor because...
 Killian Murphy who's playing down the movie.
 Yeah, because he never...
 He was a chain smoker.
 He never took a breath without a cigarette.
 That's what he says.
 Part of the prep of trying to become Oppenheimer was basically cigarettes and cocktails with
 the...
 Yeah, cigarettes and martinis.
 Yeah.
 No, bro.
 I'm going to have to go method.
 Oh.
 Gosh.
 It's really weird because when I think about the atomic bomb and I think most people obviously
 where we see it as one of the worst moments in history and there's obviously the arguments
 that people make that it may have saved more lives like Churchill and so on.
 But to sort of actively celebrate it feels quite an odd thing to me.
 And if you do go to Los Alamos now, that is very much what they do.
 Like it's their tourism trade, isn't it?
 So there's a supermarket there with an atomic bar.
 You can get atomic salsa that you can buy and purchase.
 There's atomic bumper stickers.
 There's a... you can buy clothing for babies where there's a mushroom cloud on it that
 says the words, "I've been dropping bombs since day one."
 Oh.
 You know, there's all these merch things and it feels a bit out of taste except I guess
 it's not to them, right?
 Well, I don't know.
 I mean, I grew up in a world where we went to a big room on Sunday and there was a guy
 with nails in his hand.
 That's true.
 I went to Hiroshima.
 Yeah.
 I've said this before, but if you go to Hiroshima, you can go where the bomb was dropped to the
 exact spot.
 Wow.
 And there's a sign on the wall and it says the first nuclear bomb was detonated something
 like 100 feet above this point.
 And then you sort of look upwards and you can imagine the exact spot where the bomb would
 have gone off and then detonated and killed all those people.
 Wow.
 It's really amazing.
 Do you know about Trinitite?
 Trinitite?
 I think it's Trinitite because it was the Trinity test.
 Oh, okay.
 So it's not got three nitrogen atoms.
 That's why it's called Trinitite.
 No, sorry.
 No, I just said it wrong.
 Yeah.
 Trinitite, I'm sure.
 And it was...
 Is it a type of stone?
 It's a type of glass made when the sand turned to glass when they tested the first bomb.
 And it's called, it's also called atom sight, it's light green glass.
 And it was just left there.
 Is it radioactive?
 I think it is not very anymore, but it's still a little radioactive.
 So most of it was bulldozed by the US Atomic Energy Commission and buried, you know, but
 some of it's still there because ants will bring it to the surface, these tiny beads
 of glass because some of it's under the soil and they're digging their tunnels and so it
 just gets pushed up.
 It's crazy and it's illegal to take it away now.
 But for a while it was just thought, oh, it's just sand, it's just sand turned to glass.
 And so there was a period in 1945 and 46 where it was marketed in jewellery.
 You could get Trinitite jewellery.
 There was a designer who made some earrings and a hairpin from it and there was an actress
 called Merle Oberon.
 She wore some of it to a fundraiser.
 Supposedly this is quite dark.
 To discredit Japanese claims about radiation injury.
 What?
 So, you know, well, I mean, an actress is wearing some of the sand fused glass, so it can't
 be that dangerous.
 But obviously...
 That's terrible.
 Supposedly, I don't...
 Just because you've mentioned this, I haven't gotten this written down, but using one of
 these bombs is one of the methods that they've been thinking about it to try and get deeper
 and deeper.
 Boring into the ground.
 It can get something like 18 miles really quickly just through an explosion.
 But because of the...
 What?
 I don't know, as I say, I sort of like...
 For instance, the Soviets were going to use nuclear bombs to open up waterways in the
 north of Russia, for instance.
 So that has been thought of in the past, used nuclear for...
 Oh, no one tell one of those stupid billionaires, they're just going to do it.
 And what would happen, though, is that the surrounding casing of the hole would have
 fused into this glass like substance as well.
 So it would be like a really amazing slide, like almost immediately.
 You've been spending too much time in soft places, has there?
 Not coming to your soft places.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three, and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that the actor John Candy was born on Halloween.
 Pretty.
 Okay, it's time for fact number four, and his name's Candy.
 His name's Candy.
 And what do you get on Halloween?
 There you go.
 Was he called John Skeleton Candy?
 Terrifying.
 I wish.
 Yeah, so John Candy, most of you should know him.
 The Candyman.
 Well, no.
 John Candyman.
 The man, John Candy.
 He was in Cool Runnings.
 He was in Cool Runnings.
 He was in Plain Trains and Automobiles.
 He was in Uncle Buck.
 He's one of the greatest comedy actors that Canada has ever produced.
 And I found this, by the way, in a really great book I'm reading at the moment called Wild
 and Crazy Guys, which is all about that period of when SNL and America exploded, so he had
 Steve Martin and Dan Aykroyd and Bill Murray and Eddie Murphy and John Belushi and Chevy
 Chase and so on.
 And John Candy, obviously a big player in that area.
 And yeah, so it's just a little detail in that book, and I thought I'd love to talk
 about John Candy.
 Great.
 Well, we're not going to.
 Yep, let's move on to the types of Candy.
 Also born on Halloween, John Keats.
 Yes.
 So who in that episode, I think I might have mentioned, was possibly a grave robber, John
 Keats, because he was a medical student, and at that time they needed bodies to do their
 experiments on, and possibly he could have been one of the body stealers.
 Add Rock of the Beastie Boys.
 Oh, yay.
 Beastie Boys.
 Nice.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Sydney Park, who's an actor from The Walking Dead, born on Halloween, and Kirk Noble Blutsworth,
 who was the first American census to death to be exonerated post-conviction, so was supposed
 to be executed and then turned out DNA testing meant that he hadn't done it.
 So he got off.
 And the Halloween link is that he's got blood, doesn't he?
 Death.
 Oh yeah, blood.
 Yeah.
 Get off.
 Come on, that was really stretching.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, I felt the stretch.
 That's an afternoon twerk.
 Yeah.
 But it's unusual, because fewer people are born on Halloween than on other days around
 the year.
 Hang on, or push through, or find a way.
 It's just really miserable in February, it seemed the obvious.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 It's January and I'm really miserable.
 Do I not have sex that way?
 Oh, so good news.
 I was like, Jenny doesn't know when Halloween is.
 Well, actually, in February, that is one of the most common days.
 Valentine's Day is a very common day for births, which is when my daughter was born actually
 on Valentine's Day, but there's a 3.6% increase on births in Valentine's Day.
 And a 5.3% decrease of spontaneous births on Halloween.
 Is that like the Christmas thing, where it's just that hospitals are a bit quieter and
 therefore...
 I think it's a bit of that, perhaps.
 The other thing is that Caesareans is a big difference.
 Right, yes.
 You wouldn't not book a Caesarean for Halloween, would you?
 Well, you might not.
 If you were given three dates to choose, you might decide not to go for Halloween.
 Really?
 Is that...
 They'd have the emergency ones, obviously, but of course, yeah.
 Oh, so don't forget that in some places, not necessarily here, but in some places,
 that's quite a big drinking night.
 So, you may not possibly want a bunch of student meds, so yeah, that's a thing.
 Wow.
 That's very cool.
 I love it.
 Yeah.
 Can we talk about candy?
 Yeah, okay.
 Yeah.
 Now, Dan, you've got a lot of stuff on junk.
 No, I just want to quickly just say, because he died very young.
 He was 43 when he died of a heart attack, and he was, you know, he was in Home Alone.
 He was in...
 There's so many seminal movies of the '90s that he was in.
 He was known as Sweet Tooth when he was a kid, so he did love candy as well as he was
 growing up.
 All kids loved candy.
 All kids loved candy, but he was called John Candy, and he was called Sweet Tooth.
 Are they all called Candy or Sweet Tooth?
 No.
 He wanted to be a sports star.
 That was his big thing, and so he had an injury, which meant that he couldn't do that.
 He played American football, right?
 Yeah, he played American football, so he had the physique, which was trained to be someone
 who was going to play that game.
 So, all the cast members of Saturday Night Live and all the other things he did always
 used to say that if you saw John Candy and you approached him, people like Dan Aykroyd
 say this, he would lift you up with one hand vertically and spin you around like a pizza
 with being prepared.
 What?
 Yeah.
 He used to...
 Every once said that if you saw John Candy, he would lift you up with one hand, hold you
 above his head, and spin you around.
 First of all, American footballers don't do that.
 No.
 True.
 But the point is, is that he had a physique whereby lots of other people say that one
 of their favorite things to do was to act like an NFL ball, and if John Candy came into
 the room...
 He'd throw it at him.
 300 yards.
 No, they would run at him, jump at him, tuck, and he would catch them as if they were an
 NFL ball.
 Come on.
 And these are grown adults.
 You know, Aykroyd's six foot three.
 He was an offensive lineman in American football, I read.
 Right.
 So, that means that he's basically a blocker.
 You give the ball to your quarterback who's trying to do something, and he's trying to
 stop everyone from coming towards him.
 So, he must have been big.
 He was.
 He was a...
 Yeah, he was tall.
 I mean, he was six foot three himself.
 He was a big guy, but he was also just, he was physically ready to catch humans.
 Yeah.
 I just don't think any of that stuff happened.
 He did?
 He did?
 Multiple people said it.
 Like, it's not like...
 It's a...
 Yeah, like a fan saying it.
 I do actually...
 To be fair, I was looking a little bit at John Candy.
 I did read that if, like, if you ran at him, he would put you on a big wooden pallet and
 he'd slide you into an oven.
 Horrible.
 It's just...
 Like, I think they're exaggerating the story.
 They're just, these are the stories, these are the stories they say.
 Maybe it was Gingerbread.
 Should we talk about Candy?
 Yeah, yeah, John Candy.
 Oh my God.
 No, no, no, no.
 Well, I'll just say one really sweet thing is that when he died, again, he was very young.
 He had a heart attack while he was making a movie in New Mexico.
 Did he die from the atomic bomb?
 Oh, was he in that movie that Andy was talking about where people had a heart attack?
 Oh, yeah, yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
 Wow.
 He had a heart attack on everyone.
 But he had a funeral at Sunset Boulevard and then they went down to the cemetery and
 they took the 405 three-way and it was completely clear.
 They had no idea why it was completely clear and what it turned out was is that the highway
 patrol had stopped all road access to anything but this and it was their choice to do that
 and it was them tipping their hat to say, "We loved you and we miss you," and it's because
 in ten of his movies, and, you know, he didn't live that long so it's a short time he made
 these movies.
 He played a law enforcement officer in ten of these movies and so they felt like there
 was a friend that they'd lost, you know, one of them, yeah.
 Anyway, RIP John Candy.
 I know I'm a bit late in saying it but, yeah, condolences to the family.
 All right, do your candy now, your actual candy.
 Andy, give us some candy.
 I was just thinking, Jenny, you're from a great confectionary nation, Scotland.
 I am, yes.
 We have some tunics on the table.
 We have some tunics in front.
 It's very exciting.
 Very good at not diving in, I feel that.
 Yeah, yeah.
 I'm opening one now.
 Okay, correct.
 I might do it as well, yeah.
 Okay, when everyone's finished, okay, so get this.
 This is a sort of scientific thing about sugar.
 People who are from Northern Europe are some of the most sugar sensitive people in the
 world and there might be a proper, an evolutionary reason for this.
 What do you mean by sensitive?
 Do you mean as in it's bad for us or we react to it?
 No, as in it can detect it, can detect it more easily.
 So this is really interesting.
 There are particular variations in a sugar-sensing gene and people from Northern latitudes have
 that more than people who live in tropical areas and the theory is, one theory is, that
 it's not certain, obviously, but in higher latitudes, really sweet fruit and veg are
 a bit less common and they're necessary to survive.
 It's not like in tropical regions where you have really sugary sweet things and it's easy
 to find them and survive.
 So maybe if you move north, you will benefit from having that sensitivity.
 If carrots and parsnips are quite sweet, but if you can't detect that, then you might
 not realise and you might not grow those foods or you might not seek them out and you'll
 be less likely to survive.
 So Jenny, you're from further north and the rest of us are on this table, do you feel
 that that's true?
 I'm very wary of things that feel true, but that does actually kind of feel true and
 whilst it's kind of touching in a way, it's also horrendous that the number one operation
 performed in children in Scotland is tooth extraction.
 Wow.
 There is it.
 I read that you know how dogs are good at detecting things, we might come on to that
 later.
 Oh yeah.
 But everyone thinks that dogs have got amazing smell compared to humans.
 We say do, but it's for certain chemicals and for certain chemicals, humans are better
 and I think, for instance, if you were to put a bar of chocolate in the middle of a field
 and train the human to look for it and train the dog to look for it, the human might come
 out on top.
 Wow.
 So you're looking for sugar and looking for fats and stuff like that, yeah.
 That's so cool.
 I don't know if that's true.
 We might come on to that later.
 Do you know, I was looking for what's the most popular candy, I hate that word.
 Do you say sweets?
 Sweets.
 So my husband says lollies because he's from New Zealand and my children say bombo because
 they're from France.
 Right.
 Sorry, can I just stop and just, I think the way that you're eating this tonic's too
 big to me.
 Yeah.
 You do it upside down too.
 No, that's how I have it.
 It's basically what my only fan says.
 So Jenny has taken, if you know what a teacake is, it's marshmallow with a bit of biscuit
 on the bottom or cake covered in chocolate.
 Jenny has sort of separated the cake and the marshmallow and it's starting to-
 I'm now terribly self-conscious.
 You're like turning it into a naked burger where you just take the buns off and leave
 them on the side.
 Well, you know, just shoving it all in my go up doesn't work very well.
 Jenny, I'll do the same thing.
 There we go.
 Do you?
 You've just been into it.
 No, I haven't.
 I've done it carefully.
 I know what I'm doing.
 I debase it.
 And by the way, I have this family here from Scotland as well.
 Exactly.
 You know, the old skills.
 They kick in.
 Genetic.
 I'm just speaking about tea stuff, Jenny.
 This is an interesting thing.
 Candy Floss was popularised by a dentist.
 Interesting.
 Actually, do you know when you were talking about John Candy, you know, nominal to determinism
 how tedious it is because it makes us all look like really boring humans.
 Literally made us our fortune on this podcast.
 We get a lot of correspondence about it.
 So please be careful.
 Like the inbox will just be recovering from the Doctor Who onslaught.
 Well, I was only going to say, and I think, I hope this is not too controversial because
 it is true, that dentists, first names are vastly over-represented by for women, Denise,
 and for men, Dennis.
 That's so good.
 That's so nice.
 It's just such a kind of, you're a big meat sack, takes the easiest route out of it that
 you can possibly think of, human.
 It was called Fairy Floss at the time.
 Yeah.
 I just wanted to say it was William J. Morrison teamed up with a Nashville confectioner in
 1897.
 And despite being president of the Tennessee State Dental Association, no small thing.
 Was he trying to drill up more business?
 Drill up.
 Very good, James.
 Nice.
 That's crazy.
 I've got to be the one to acknowledge how good it was.
 Who's ever really drilled up in that sense?
 Nobody.
 Oh, God.
 I don't know what came up and be that.
 Yeah.
 You didn't even give us time not to laugh.
 Drill up, dude.
 Do you know what Candy Floss is in Greek?
 Oh, no I don't, actually.
 Well, it translates as old woman's hair.
 Oh.
 Because it's wispy.
 Yes.
 And in Afrikaans, I love this, it's ghost breath.
 Lovely.
 Yeah.
 Do you know what the Mexican term for eye candy is, if you say a little bit about a candy?
 No.
 Eye taco.
 Stop it.
 It is.
 It's eye taco.
 That sounds like a new Apple product, isn't it?
 The revolutionary eye taco after just six hours of charging, you could enjoy the taco
 for ten minutes.
 I was reading about my favorite confectionery, which is popping candy, which I genuinely
 think is completely underused in the world, and I think you should really pretty much
 put it on everything.
 And it was invented by a guy who was trying to make an instant soft drink.
 This is amazing.
 So he's trying to make something like, let's say Coca-Cola.
 And what his idea was, he wanted something like cordial.
 You would have something and you would pour the water on it, and then when the water comes
 in, it turns automatically into a fizzy drink.
 And so he got some sugar and he heated it up really, really high, put it under a load
 of pressure, added a load of gas into it, and then cooled it down.
 And in theory, what a great idea.
 As soon as you put the water in, the gas will get released and it will be really fizzy.
 It didn't work.
 That's so cool though.
 But he started eating it and it gave him these sort of explosions in his mouth.
 So his experiments went wrong and he went, I'll just stick it in my mouth.
 Good science.
 That's so cool.
 And then everyone, all of the other people in his office saw this was happening.
 They used to have competitions see how much they could put in the mouth of this stuff.
 They would get bigger and bigger rocks of it and see how much they could do.
 But immediately, as soon as they went on sale, pop rocks, they called in America, there was
 rumours that children's stomachs were exploding.
 The first fatality was, yeah, it was all over the place.
 And the pop rocks company had to take out full page advertisements in more than 40 publications
 around the country to say, these will not make your child explode, honestly.
 And the head of the company wrote 50,000 letters to school principals saying, can you
 please stop banning these things?
 Marketing genius.
 Yeah.
 That's amazing.
 You almost certainly won't kill your kids.
 Bring it.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Does anybody want to hear my worst Japanese Kit Kat flavor?
 Oh, yeah.
 You know, there's now over 300.
 Yeah.
 Okay, wow.
 And I was looking down the list and there's some pretty bad ones in there, I think, European
 cheese.
 Oh.
 Wow.
 What is European cheese?
 There's no such thing as European cheese.
 I believe the Dutch would like a word with you.
 Sorry, there are European cheeses, but there is not one archetypal European cheese.
 There are hundreds.
 But I guess in Japan, you might lump a sort of yellow pungent cheese as a European cheese,
 right?
 Yeah, because American cheese.
 Like, dairy's not that big in Japan, right?
 Yeah.
 Or China.
 Well, American cheese comes in single shrink-wrapped slice form.
 Yes, but it's different types of cheese.
 But that's, but what, no, no, sorry, no, no, no, I'm not having it.
 Here's the thing.
 This is something interesting, I think, and I might butcher this, but I'll try my best.
 So when cheese first came to Japan, because it wasn't traditionally eaten over there,
 they called it something like dairy tofu, something like that.
 And when tofu first came to France, they called it soya cheese.
 Brilliant.
 I think that's right.
 That's really good.
 That's distracted me from my anger about the European cheese.
 Thank you.
 I was going to say, James always manages to find a fact to calm you down.
 It's really dramatic.
 Yeah.
 Get two on top of it.
 Yeah.
 Have you guys ever had an aniseed ball?
 Yeah.
 No.
 What's that?
 What's that tiny bit in the middle?
 Right.
 Is that what you're going to tell us?
 No.
 That's an aniseed seed.
 I think it is.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Can you describe it to me?
 I don't know.
 So it's a small, round, purple ball, very, very hard, and it's layer after layer of slightly
 flavored licorice.
 It's horrible.
 Boiled.
 Yeah, they're very unpopular with lots.
 They're quite 1930s.
 Not gobstoppers.
 No, it's like a very small gobstopper.
 But it's quite strong tasting and aniseed, right?
 So, okay.
 This is very cool.
 They slightly helped to win the Second World War, aniseed balls.
 Brilliant.
 In 1939, the War Office, they wanted to build a limpid mind that you could stick to the
 hull of the ship, swim away from, and it detonates later, right?
 And the War Office, they contacted a science magazine editor called Stuart McCrae, and
 he contacted someone he knew, an inventor called Cecil Clark, who was also a caravan
 maker.
 Detail.
 They started working together, right?
 They had the details of the mine, and they had the explosive, and they had the way to
 attach it to the ship, so they were doing really well.
 But what they needed was something to keep apart the hammer and the detonator, right?
 So that when you're swimming up, when you're a frogman swimming up, you attach the mine,
 and you prime it.
 It doesn't go off immediately.
 So you need something that slowly dissolves and separates the hammer and the detonator.
 And Clark's kids were eating aniseed balls, and they tried them out, and they found they
 dissolved in about half an hour in water.
 But you didn't have to suck the grenade.
 No.
 Yeah, it's a mouth activated.
 So Clark and McCrae, they bought every aniseed ball in Bedford, right?
 Because they're for their experiments.
 But the problem was they also needed something to keep the aniseed ball dry until the mine
 was in place, right?
 So they also went around buying all the condoms in Bedford.
 Imagine getting to the supermarket checkout, you just got a trolley full of condoms and
 aniseed balls.
 Clark said we got a completely undeserved reputation as sexual athletes because we
 were...
 But they worked.
 The aniseed balls worked in this mine, and the MAD commissioned them, the War Office
 commissioned them, and they started buying aniseed balls directly from the manufacturer.
 And I love this.
 Clark also commissioned some miniature condoms from a rubber factory to cover the firing
 mechanism.
 Imagine if it's the pharmacist to begin with going, "Do you have any smaller condoms?"
 I got smaller.
 No, I got smaller than that.
 I love how we've gone from like the biggest bomb the world has ever known.
 Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show, and that is Andy.
 My fact is that there are only three newt-detecting dogs on the planet.
 Brilliant.
 Yeah.
 This is a woman called Nicola Jane Glover, she's a dog owner, and she's got a spaniel
 called Freya, and another dog called Newtky.
 And this was in an article in The Guardian recently, but it's actually been going on
 for a few years, so I think at least in 2018 Freya was detecting newts.
 And the reason you need to detect newts is that there's a species called the great crested
 Newt which is protected, and if you're developing land you have to show that there are no newts
 there, because they don't want to endanger them, and it's really hard to find them, because
 they spend a lot of their time underground and in the water, because they're amphibious.
 So Nicola Glover, she and her colleagues, they trained Freya, the spaniel, to detect
 live newts, and Freya can do it really, really well now, 90% detection rate.
 And it's a good method of saving the newt and saving a lot of time and fuss, and newt
 detection work.
 And the other thing about this story, although there's a third one, who's Rocky from Flintshire,
 who was also trained separately in 2020, there was a correction in The Guardian article about
 the dogs, which I think you saw, Jenny.
 This article was amended.
 An earlier version said that great crested Newts reached an adult overall length of 17
 metres.
 I thought that's the one I read, and I thought, well, why do you need a dog?
 It should have been 17 centimetres.
 Yeah, I read an article from 2011 that said that they were starting to do this with the
 crested Newts, but also desert tortoises, kiwis, cacopos, bats, cheetahs, I don't know why.
 Brown tree snakes, seals, and bed bugs.
 So dogs were being taught to look for all these things for various different reasons.
 The cheetahs, I think they're looking for the scat for the poo.
 Not actual.
 Not actual.
 Oh, one went past about five minutes ago.
 Who's a dog person?
 Who's a cat person?
 I'm a dog.
 You're a cat person?
 Yeah.
 It's not a bit embarrassing when someone goes, oh, my dog just discovered the ancient caves
 at Lussel.
 And you're like, yeah, my cat ate a curtain.
 Yeah, my cat doesn't give a fuck.
 Yeah, I mean, I would say I'm probably not really either, but I've had cats forced upon
 me, so.
 But I went following the story in terms of things dogs do unbelievable stuff all the
 time.
 Yeah.
 You're a dog person, aren't you?
 Yeah, but my dogs are crap.
 They're absolutely rubbish.
 You've got dogs.
 I've got two dogs.
 Each idiot.
 Fight seals on a regular basis.
 Fight seals.
 Successfully.
 There's a lot of seals where we live.
 Wow.
 That's so cool.
 Yeah.
 Well, it's not cool because the seals just go, see you later, and swim off, and then
 you have to go and rescue your dog, who's the moron.
 But maybe you've not given them the chance to work out if they're like semen sniffing
 dogs or if they are.
 Jesus.
 That's on my list.
 That's on my list.
 Why would you, that's the first on your list to say.
 That just was fast.
 Give me back up a little.
 Is that what you say to anyone who's walking a dog in the park?
 You're like, have you ever given it a chance to be a semen sniffing dog?
 I've got a pocket full of amethyst balls, I've got another pocket full of mini cundoms.
 You've got a semen sniffing dog.
 Let's talk.
 Is that with an A?
 Are you spelling that with an A?
 No, I don't think that is, no.
 No, no, no.
 Jenny, you write romantic novels, don't you?
 Have you ever had a semen sniffing dog?
 It's raining months just here for the inspiration.
 Hang on.
 Tight, tight, tight.
 She was a girl from the city with a semen sniffing dog and a heart of gold.
 So, okay.
 It's used for, you know, I mean, unfortunately it's used for terrible, terrible reasons.
 Yeah, for crimes and so on.
 But that's an important thing.
 They need to sometimes have a dog detect whether or not someone might have recently have left
 some semen out because it can find the traces on it.
 And it can detect as little as 0.016 millilitres of seminal fluid.
 So, they're very good at it.
 So, what I'm saying is your dog might not have been given the chance to show that it could smell semen
 or find whale poo because they do that as well.
 They sit on boats and they can find whale.
 I see clever dogs like Spaniels.
 Spaniels are like real teacher pleasers.
 Oh yeah, right.
 Pairs and they're cool.
 One of your ducks.
 Kind of just terrifying half-cougar things that we found in the laba.
 But I must.
 No, they're terriers.
 Oh, okay, okay.
 So, but they're kind of, they're theoretically ratters.
 But they're just a bit rubbish.
 What does that fit in your...
 I'd need to see a photo.
 There's a game called Hound Pooch or Mutt.
 Almost any dog fits into those categories.
 Oh, Hounds, they're Hounds.
 They're Hounds.
 Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 When Melvis sang "You Ain't Nothing but a Hound Dog", he was playing that game, wasn't he?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 He'd already recorded a version called "You Ain't Nothing but a Pooch Dog".
 I don't think it's rubbish.
 There was an interesting story about a man I'd never heard of, really, really amazing.
 He was a German diplomat.
 He was sort of sided on the side of the Nazis at the time.
 And he was an attach for the Nazis.
 He's called George Ferdinand Duckwitz.
 Duckwitz.
 Must have had a rough time at school.
 Ferdinand Duckwitz is asking for a spoonerism, isn't he?
 Yeah.
 He's an amazing character.
 He sits in the world of Oscar Schindler.
 He was someone who helped to save a lot of refugees who were stuck in Denmark.
 And supposedly 95% of their Jewish population was successfully taken out of the country
 to a safe place in Sweden because of this guy.
 And he risked his life to do it.
 So he's an amazing character.
 Oh, and you called him a fuckwit, James.
 Oh, okay.
 Sorry, Duckwitz, yeah, yeah.
 I'm not going to trivialise his memory.
 Not well done, James.
 Okay, so where's the dog coming in here?
 The dog comes in here because when they were taking them out on all the boats
 and they were hiding them in the cargo,
 a lot of dogs had been trained up in order to sniff out any humans that were on board.
 So this is a problem that they had.
 So what they did was they came up with an idea that they could deceive the sniffer dogs
 by placing seamen in there.
 You were giving me that look like it was heading there.
 They created what was a mixture of dried rabbit blood and cocaine.
 And they gave it to the fishermen.
 They gave it to the fishermen.
 Who would coat it in handkerchiefs.
 And then they would hold the handkerchiefs and the dogs would race towards the handkerchief.
 They would ignore any of the other smells that were on the boat.
 And so as a result, they would have no other interest in what was going on here.
 And that would become the main focus.
 Why the cocaine?
 I mean, rabbit blood, I guess, dogs.
 Well, rabbit blood is to attract them and the cocaine is to not interest it.
 When they're talking about themselves.
 I can tell you about some rabbits.
 I caught a lot of big rabbits.
 A lot of great rabbits.
 It supposedly temporarily would knock out their smell.
 Wow.
 God, that's so clever.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 That's amazing.
 Yeah, so he's a huge hero.
 He saved 7,200 Jewish refugees.
 Wow.
 Can I say something about the great crested mute?
 Oh, yeah.
 Right.
 So they have a very colourful belly.
 Okay.
 No one really knows why they've got a colourful belly.
 If you're a mute and you're colourful, often it's because you want people to know you're toxic.
 And it turns out they are toxic.
 They're warts containing chemicals.
 And there was a naturalist called Eleanor Ormerod who tested it by biting a live mute's tail.
 Just the tail and the tails will grow back and stuff.
 And then she recorded all of her symptoms.
 So she was foaming at the mouth.
 She had shivering fits.
 And so she proved that they were toxic.
 It's a lot of scientists putting stuff in their mouths.
 So we found out that they are toxic.
 But the weird thing is they're nutes.
 So they walk around a lot with their belly pointing to the ground.
 And so no predators can see their bellies anyway.
 And so no one knows still to this day why they have a colourful belly.
 That is so strange.
 Are you sure it wouldn't?
 Moles and stuff come up and eat them.
 The moles?
 Yeah.
 They swim.
 They swim.
 They swim.
 So maybe fish from the predators.
 But you're right.
 Normally you'd feel like birds would be descending on them.
 Eleanor Ormerod anyway.
 She's really famous.
 She's an agricultural entomologist.
 Because she was living in Victorian times.
 So couldn't really be a professional scientist in those days if you're a woman.
 But she found a kind of a role where she could use her skills
 and apply them to agriculture.
 So you know like if people's crops are dying she could say
 well you should get rid of these nutes.
 So you should get rid of these moles or whatever.
 Stuff like that.
 And she was so famous that Virginia Woolf wrote a story about her
 called Miss Ormerod which is named after her.
 Just a pretty cool person.
 That's very cool.
 Things women had to do to be scientists in those days.
 I know, I know.
 She's going to bite this mute.
 We know it's poisonous.
 But we don't know how poisonous.
 So Eleanor if you could...
 I'm going to mention one last thing before we wrap up.
 I don't know if it's useful but just in case you're wondering
 we've been talking a lot about dogs sniffing humans.
 And I discovered that there's a job whereby you as a human can sniff a dog.
 Are we looking for the dog or is that the idea?
 No.
 Is it a chocolate lab?
 This is for people who work in factories that are making dog food.
 Because one of the things that owners hate about dog food
 is the breath that it can leave on their dog.
 And they make a very concerted effort not to make food
 where chemicals are altering the smell of the mouth of a dog
 so that it's very pongy.
 So one of the jobs that if you work in one of these factories
 is to go up and sniff dogs mouths
 who are experimenting with new tastes and new formulas and so on.
 And then if a dog has ejaculated recently you can...
 No, not that.
 I just love how excited the dogs were to get their jobs.
 I'm a taster at a dog food factory.
 The other dogs let go.
 Well that sounds awesome.
 That sounds cool.
 So they sniff you?
 God, that's so...
 That's not a lovely job, I think.
 Can I ask another question?
 You won't know the answer to this, but you might.
 It's not just important, presumably, that their breath doesn't smell.
 You don't want their farts to smell bad.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, really good point.
 You don't want that on the other side.
 So do you not have someone whose job is to smell all the dog farts?
 I do.
 It feels like you must.
 You must, right?
 It's probably...
 You must.
 I think he's right.
 It's probably the unspoken astro.
 That's what they tell you once you've got the gig.
 That's by the way.
 There's a second hatch over there.
 That's what that one happened.
 Okay, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we've said over the course of this podcast,
 we can all be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sribeland, James.
 @JamesHarken.
 @Andy.
 @AndrewHunterM.
 And Jenny.
 @JennyKolgan.
 Yep.
 Or you can go to our group account, which is @NoSuchThing, or our website, NoSuchThing, asafish.com.
 All of our previous episodes are up there.
 And just a quick reminder, Jenny, your latest book is out now.
 It is.
 It's called The Summer Skies.
 The Summer Skies.
 And of course, all of Jenny's other books are available to buy as well.
 And so do check them out and also check out her Doctor Who stuff as well.
 There's numerous Jenny Colgan books that are out there and audio adventures.
 Jenny M. Colgan is the--
 Jenny T. Colgan.
 Jenny T.
 Is the pseudonym, if you want to look for those.
 So yeah, also we are playing a live show for Fish on the 14th of September at Kings Place,
 part of the London Podcast Festival.
 And we're going to be live streaming it.
 You're able to buy live stream tickets for that by going to NoSuchThingAsafish.com/podfest.
 Check out tickets there.
 And of course, check out Club Fish.
 It's our secret members club where we do all sort of bonus extras, compilations.
 Drop us a line, which Andy does, which is a show where we go through all the correspondence that you've sent in.
 It's a really comfy place.
 My doctor is probably--
 But that's it.
 We'll be back again next week with another episode.
 We'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
