 [Music]
 Hi everyone, welcome to this week's bit of bonus material.
 Before we get into it, we have a very special announcement for the people of Sydney.
 And that is that due to the unbelievable number of tickets that you bought for the Sydney Opera House,
 we have announced another show and people of Club Fish get tickets first.
 That's right, we are doing a pre-sale on Wednesday the 12th of June,
 all the way to the morning of Friday the 14th of June,
 whereby the tickets will then go on general sale, but if you want to get in quick,
 head to knowsuchthingasoffish.com/sidney, head there on the 12th of June to get tickets.
 We're going to be playing at the State Theatre and it's November the 10th.
 And for those of you who are not in Sydney but are in, let's say, London,
 you have also done an amazing job of selling out our show at the Theatre Royal on Drury Lane.
 And so we can't let you guys down, we have put another show on in London as well.
 It's on the 24th of October at the Theatre Royal and Drury Lane,
 and just like Sydney, pre-sale tickets will go on sale on Wednesday the 12th of June,
 and you can access them by going to knowsuchthingasoffish.com/london.
 You'll have until Friday the 14th of June before they go on general sale,
 so once again, get in there quick and visit knowsuchthingasoffish.com/london
 on Wednesday the 12th of June to get your pre-sale tickets for our second show in London.
 That's right. Okay, let's get on to this week's bonus compilation episode full of
 outtakes and bits that just didn't quite make it into the main episode.
 You're going to hear a lot from Alex Bell, you're going to hear from Erica McAllister,
 and of course you're going to hear from us four regular fishers.
 So here we go, hope you enjoy it, and on with the show.
 On with the podcast.
 [Music]
 Hello, and welcome to another episode of knowsuchthingasoffish,
 a weekly podcast coming to you from the Kiwai offices in Hoban.
 My name is Alex Bell, and I'm joined by Anna Zhizinski, Andrew Hunter Murray,
 James Hawkin, and once again, we are gathered round the microphone,
 and once again, we are gathered round the microphone to share our four favourite
 facts from the last seven days, so in no particular order, here we go.
 I fucking nailed it. I mean, you can edit out the bits that I fumbled.
 Yeah, you were annoyingly good at it.
 Like, we only asked you to do this because we thought you'd fucking up.
 Do we always say microphone singular now?
 I think we say plural.
 Sorry, gathered round the microphones.
 If we're being precise, yeah.
 Okay, I think you did pretty well, Alex.
 I think it's sort of cuter if there's an image of us all gathered round one microphone.
 Lady in the Tramps spaghetti.
 My favourite part was where you almost forgot Andy's name.
 Yeah, that was the best one for a few weeks, but...
 Ants are pretty extraordinary with how they use pheromones,
 and how they mess up using pheromones, because they've...
 I don't think we've talked about antmills before.
 But they... Ants basically army ants follow each other
 based on the pheromones that the bloke in front of them,
 or the lady in front of them is releasing.
 And so they'll follow each other to their food or wherever they're headed.
 To the picnic.
 To the picnic.
 But sometimes the pheromone trail will get broken up,
 and then they get very confused.
 And so, you know, the leaders disappeared.
 They don't know what direction they're going in,
 and they all start following each other.
 And they end up going round in this circle,
 in this what is literally called a death spiral, until they die of exhaustion.
 They just keep following each other round and round and round.
 This happened to me a few weeks ago.
 We were on a night out, and we were going from a bar to a bowling alley,
 and no one was paying attention to who was following who,
 and we went round Bloomsley Square like three times.
 Following each other's smelly ounces.
 No, we just kept following the person who was quite far in front of us,
 we were all having our own conversations,
 and then eventually someone was like, "Where are we going?"
 So, what was that woman in Iceland?
 Do you remember where she went missing?
 And there was a load of people went out looking for her,
 and then she didn't know that they were looking for her,
 and she saw a load of people looking for someone as though she just joined.
 And they said, "Who are you looking for?"
 They're like, "Oh, it looks, someone who looks a bit like you."
 She's like, "Oh, I'll keep my eyes open."
 I'm sure you read the medical report on Wasabi.
 This was from about four years ago.
 It's from 2019.
 It was a woman, it was in the British Medical Journal case reports.
 It was a woman who had been into wedding,
 and had eaten a large quantity.
 It said, it didn't specify how much, of green material,
 which she naturally assumed was avocado, guacamole, something like that.
 And it was actually Wasabi.
 It doesn't specify whether it was horseradish Wasabi or proper Wasabi,
 but it was too much to have.
 And she began experiencing chest pains,
 which remained for a few hours.
 And eventually, I think, went to see a doctor,
 and she was diagnosed with a serious stress-induced heart condition.
 It's this, we've probably mentioned it.
 It's called broken heart syndrome.
 It's Takotsubo cardiomyopathy.
 It's where your heart muscles literally can't pump blood.
 It's really, it can be really serious,
 and it's caused because your body floods with stress hormones,
 and it inhibits the proper functioning of your heart.
 So was it caused by the Wasabi,
 or was it just discovered because she'd gone to get it checked out?
 It seems that it was caused by the Wasabi causing a lot of stress hormones.
 That seems to be the case.
 It's not, obviously, it can't be proved beyond doubt.
 She'd just been dumped,
 so she was eating anything she could find in the fridge through her tears,
 and that's why she had broken heart syndrome.
 She was at a wedding at the time,
 when she saw this huge mound of green matter.
 And what would you think?
 You would just think that is clearly avocados.
 I'm, as a single-
 She's sushi at the time.
 Because for sugar, they don't just put Wasabi in the middle of a table.
 It is, I do wonder how much she's just gozzling down,
 going, "This avocado does, it's a bit tangy, isn't it?"
 Oh, come on, you're single, you're at a wedding, you're drunk.
 You're like, "I'm not finding love here, I'm miserable,
 I might as well make the most of this evening
 and get as much in the buffet as I can."
 Mice produce lots of pheromones,
 and in their tears they do,
 and mouse tears are a turn-on, sexually.
 A two other mice.
 To me.
 Two other mice.
 Yes, so they produce tears to wet their eyeballs,
 and they almost...
 I'm so bad.
 For internationalism, isn't it?
 Crying is when...
 I've got another pheromone use by...
 This is bees, specifically being tricked by pheromones.
 You've got a burrowing bees.
 There are loads of kinds of bees.
 These ones, they burrow, live and burrow.
 Anyway.
 Or are you Mikaela Strachan?
 Sweat down.
 Again, it's an impeccably old brand mine,
 there are these blister beetles, right,
 which they're much smaller than bees,
 and they're parasitic on them.
 And they release a pheromone, the beetles,
 designed to trick male burrowing bees
 into thinking that there is a hot lady bee
 in their area looking for sex.
 This is a pop-up ad parasite, yeah?
 It's basically a pop-up ad.
 So it's like, oh, like bees are near you,
 and they want it.
 And the male goes and looks, and the beetles,
 the burrowing beetles, the very young ones,
 they have climbed up a strand of grass,
 and they have formed a ball
 the size of a female burrowing bee.
 So the male turns up, sees, aha, there's my date.
 It's not a date, it's a ball of parasitic beetles.
 Oh my God, this is insane.
 It's insane.
 They all have grappling hook claws.
 They wrestle the bee.
 The bee falls to the ground.
 He's now covered in these horrible parasites.
 He's had an awful experience.
 Then they're hitching a lift on him.
 So he's now covered in these parasites.
 Eventually, the male does find a female.
 All the parasites latch onto her.
 They ride off to a burrow.
 Not very picky female.
 Yeah, no.
 So now she lays the eggs, she lays her egg or her eggs,
 and she leaves a load of nice sugar and pollen and all of that,
 you know, stuff for the egg to eat.
 The beetles just eat all the food,
 and the egg doesn't get its food.
 These beetles can target their pheromones
 to different types of bee.
 So clever.
 What happens to the male bee?
 I'm actually just carried on.
 I'd love to do this again sometime.
 I had a really nice evening.
 Get some Uber.
 Never knew it was three beetles in a trench coat.
 Back down in the ocean, another nitrogen-related scheme,
 in the 1970s, I was just looking up different uses for liquid nitrogen,
 which include many things like they're in crisp packets
 because they preserve freshness because they don't react to crisp.
 That's not liquid, of course.
 No, sorry.
 This is what I'm just talking about.
 Other different uses of nitrogen, all its forms.
 It's also interestingly used.
 I didn't know it was used in binoculars and telescopes
 because it stops fogging because there's no, you know,
 you need to basically fill the void with something that's completely inert.
 So you can't get any water vapor in there.
 Yeah, exactly.
 And it's also the gas that they use for the MMU,
 which is basically the jet pack that astronauts used to zoom around in space.
 They only used it a few times.
 Really?
 But another used liquid nitrogen,
 which obviously exists at a very low temperature.
 There was a plan to go down to the wreck of the Titanic in the 1970s,
 freeze it with liquid nitrogen, essentially turning it into a massive,
 ironic iceberg itself and then floating it to the surface
 and so getting it by bringing it up in ice.
 Oh, not then crashing another ship into it?
 No, no, I think, I mean, that would be awful.
 A ship crashing into the Titanic.
 We're going to need more nitrogen.
 We're going to have to make a third iceberg to get the next one up.
 Horrible Jane reaction.
 Wow, that's a great idea.
 Is it?
 Didn't happen.
 Is it?
 The first example of narcolepsy in the medical records
 was a bookbinder in Cooper from Westphal in 1877.
 And this was written up by a guy called Jean-Baptiste-Edouard Galinot.
 And he said that this bookbinder had collapsed at the zoo
 after observing monkeys making faces.
 So basically, and quite often this kind of,
 this illness happens when you have,
 when you're laughing or when you, you know, that kind of thing.
 At times of heightened emotion.
 Yeah, exactly that.
 Interesting.
 Right, you tell me a part of that next time you're in bed together.
 Of course you had times of fight over the metal.
 And I read a paper in the Journal of Pediatrics and Child Health
 that says Rip Van Winkle might have had narcolepsy.
 He fell asleep under a tree for 20 years.
 That's a long bat, isn't it?
 It seems unlikely, right?
 But they gave a lot of different fairy tales
 and maybe decided what illnesses they might have had.
 What a waste of time.
 I hate it when people do this.
 Me too.
 Well, you're not going to like the next 30 seconds.
 So the giant in Jack and the Beanstalk.
 Petuitary gland.
 Exactly right.
 He obviously has a pituitary tumour
 because it not only causes giganticism,
 but it also affects his vision
 because he says he can smell the blood of the Englishman
 but he can't see the Englishman.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 The grandmother of Red Riding Hood.
 This is in a cupboard or she's eaten by wolf?
 Well, that's not a medical condition.
 Maybe she has late stage lupus erythematosus.
 Oh, well, we're saying that she looks like the wolf.
 She is the wolf.
 She looks like the wolf and probably would be in bed.
 Because she's the wolf.
 Because she's got lupus.
 Fuck it, I'm sorry.
 This is such a good argument for cutting funding
 from so many places.
 Like, who is sitting like doing a paper on this?
 But Red Riding Hood is not about a grandmother
 who looks like a wolf.
 No, it's not.
 The wolf disguises itself as a grandmother.
 That's what she thinks.
 But actually, it perhaps it's the grandmother
 just looks like a wolf.
 What's more likely that the grandmother has lupus
 or that the wolf has somehow anthropomorphised
 and decided to take over the grandmother's place?
 That's a good point.
 No, it's really, these academics, they know what they're talking about.
 The grandmother probably also has exophilmus
 vocal cord nodules and a pituitary tumour
 because what big eye she has,
 what a deep voice she has and what big hand she has.
 Doesn't the story end with her being alive
 inside the wolf and saying,
 "Help, I'm inside," and then Red Riding Hood cuts her out.
 Or the woodcutter comes along with a big accent.
 Like, so how do you explain that?
 Well, the woodcutter obviously has gotten
 the wrong edge of a stick.
 And this poor, sick grandmother has also been killed.
 There'll be a grandmother somewhere in here.
 I know it.
 Can I just only think about the dust in the Amazon?
 Yeah.
 This is amazing.
 So I really love this.
 Lots of the dust in the Amazon
 and that fertilises the Amazon comes from the Sahara
 and it fertilises the, it keeps the soil fertile basically.
 It's about 40 million tonnes of dust a year,
 if you can imagine that.
 It's a huge, it's a lot.
 This is the other amazing thing about it, right?
 There was a study in 2007 that found
 that more than half of this dust,
 56% of it, comes from one place in Chad.
 It's called the Bodele Depression.
 It's a tiny, it's a tiny place.
 It's 0.2% of the Sahara produces 56% of the dust
 that keeps the Amazon fertile.
 Just because of weather movements?
 It's because of weather and it's because of the shape of it.
 So the depression is between two mountain ridges
 and it's basically a great big funnel.
 And so it accelerates the flow of air through it.
 It produces 700,000 tonnes of dust a day.
 I imagine just having a house there
 and every day doing the hoovering.
 Oh my god.
 There's another 700,000 tonnes of dust.
 But again, I mean this shows you all the connectivity.
 So every year, four billion hoverflies turn up in the UK
 and they've migrated across.
 So there's a lot of immigrants coming into the UK regularly.
 Is that from France, like from Europe?
 North Africa?
 They even think in sub-Saharan African insects make it up.
 And you're saying they've migrated just temporarily.
 They've migrated seasonally.
 Or they've come here to stay, they've got their visas.
 They've come here, they've met the locals.
 They've copulated, they've produced very fecund,
 well the ladies have been very fecund
 because of these immigrants.
 And they're doing wonders over here, pollinating our crops,
 getting rid of our pests.
 Hoverflies.
 How did they get here?
 Because there's not...
 Why?
 No, yes.
 Okay, second question.
 Okay, sorry.
 I would have thought like they would need a prevailing wind.
 Ah, so they do.
 And so they are doing a lot of studies now
 on how they get here and which winds they take and whatever.
 And they will angle themselves within these winds,
 sorry, to make sure they're going the right direction.
 So you know those times every now and then,
 like every couple of years,
 everyone gets loads of sand on their cars
 because there's a wind coming up from the Sahara.
 And is that also full of these flies, you reckon?
 Everything will be, yeah.
 So it'll be really...
 And again, this is what...
 So you think about the Amazon and things like that
 and how all these species are moved around.
 It's really changing our understanding
 of how animals move, how things migrate.
 And a lot of species we used to think were very...
 kept in very small areas.
 And now we're like...
 Because I just...
 So my most exciting thing recently
 was collecting flies from the La Brea Tarpits in California.
 Oh, that's cool. I've been there.
 Oh, my God.
 I don't really know what a tarpit is.
 No, it's exactly what it sounds like.
 Imagine a pit full of tarp.
 Right, so a tarpit.
 Yeah, and like...
 Are you a mispronouncing carpet?
 Yeah.
 Oh, good news, you've got a flying tarpit.
 Oh, disgusting, horrible.
 These are the amazing...
 So this is like the La Brea Tarpits
 are where they found all loads and loads
 of Smilodon and things like that.
 So they're like the same type of tigers.
 Mammoths and...
 And mammoths, loads of mammoths and all sorts.
 But there's also a fly that lives in them.
 You always want the weird thing
 that lives on the huge thing, don't you?
 Yeah.
 But no, so it's learned to live on tar.
 So the larvae live in the tarpits.
 Oh, I see.
 But the only other places these tarpits are found
 are in Trinidad and I believe Peru.
 And it's like, is this one species?
 Oh, wow.
 Found that far with distribution.
 So it's just bonded to some tar on holiday.
 But this is it.
 I mean, you know, no, I don't know yet.
 The genetics haven't been done.
 Are these isolated populations?
 Yeah.
 Or is there more movement going on
 than we originally thought?
 That's really interesting.
 I mean, I don't know.
 I could be completely wrong.
 I went to those tarpits and it said
 that almost all the animals in them were male.
 And the reason being that males are more stupid
 than females and the males would go in
 and then get stuck.
 Whereas the females would not go in and get stuck
 because they'd realized that there was a problem here.
 And then what would happen is one animal
 would get stuck in there, like a gazelle or something.
 And then all the other male animals would come along
 and go, oh, a gazelle, great.
 And then they would go in and then they would get stuck.
 And then someone else would go, oh, a smiley done, great.
 And then they would get stuck.
 It's the old woman who lived in a tarpit.
 Yeah.
 Do you know Captain Morgan?
 Not personally, but yeah.
 He has a spiced and an ordinary rum.
 Yes.
 He has got loads of varieties of rum.
 Well, do you know how he can save you
 if you have a dislocated hip?
 Drink enough rum.
 You forget the hip.
 Is that it?
 Not that.
 Okay.
 What do you know about Captain Morgan?
 Have you ever drank it, Erica?
 I've drunk it.
 Yeah.
 Can you remember anything about it?
 About the bottle, for instance?
 He's wearing a hat.
 He's got a wooden leg.
 Yeah.
 What stance is he in?
 Now, it's a podcast, so just you showing us.
 Yeah, well, I know, I know.
 But I'm like, okay.
 So he hasn't even got his arms on his hips like that.
 Yeah, yeah.
 And jaunty.
 He is very jaunty.
 And his leg.
 Yeah, he's got his little wooden low leg.
 And another leg is standing on a barrel.
 So he's kind of got one leg on a barrel
 and he's standing like that.
 And apparently this Captain Morgan technique
 is a way, if someone's got a dislocated hip,
 you stand like Captain Morgan with your leg
 sort of slightly higher than the other one.
 And you lift them up and you can sort of pop it back into place.
 But you lift the leg up.
 You put your leg onto a bed like Captain Morgan
 might be standing on a barrel.
 And that's the patient.
 No, you're doing that.
 And then you drape the patient's leg over yours,
 lift your leg up and it pops the hip into place.
 Right.
 And is that an improvement on the previous?
 I've no idea what the previous method of
 relocating your hip is.
 Yeah, I guess so.
 I think what you would do is you would kind of
 crawl onto the bed and try and move it like that.
 It sounds like an improvement.
 It is an improvement.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Wow.
 Okay, good to know.
 Because it sounds like the position
 in which you'd give your children a smacked bottom
 that traditionally.
 Yeah.
 I've got that strange, like weird superpower
 where you can stretch.
 It's the, you know, which I dislocate regularly.
 And so I was born with dislocated hips.
 And maybe that's, my parents would just,
 yeah, just maybe I wasn't born with dislocated hips.
 Maybe that's why you like rum so much.
 Well, this is it.
 I dislocated my shoulder and then popped it back in.
 Yeah, I know, and hindsight.
 Painful.
 May have been some alcohol.
 Oh, right.
 But yes, it was not.
 It's all of these.
 So my knees used to dislocate everything.
 So I should have just drunk rum from an early age.
 You're like one of those puppets
 where you press a button and they collapse all the time.
 So I always think it was a really bad superhero.
 Like, a car would crash into me and I'd just go, yeah.
 And it would be like that.
 And I'd be like, oh, it's not really a lot I could do with it.
 So in Dominica, we have several different types of rum.
 Some of them have different potencies.
 In terms of aphrodisiacs.
 We don't think, I think it's just the advertising.
 Do they add stuff to it?
 No, but there's just sexy women on the label.
 Yeah, I thought I'd do it though.
 Yeah, you know.
 Probably the only proven aphrodisiac.
 Drink rum and it improves your sex drive.
 Mine all has either the Royal Navy flag or Captain Morgan,
 neither of which I find especially.
 You've had plenty of rum in your life,
 but very little sodomy or lash.
 You can't be in a lift with liquid nitrogen.
 No, walk it.
 Because it's very awkward conversation.
 That's true because we had some on QI
 and we had to send it up in the lift by itself
 and we were running up the stairs trying to get it.
 Now you're not really supposed to do that either.
 So anyone listening has ever taken any liquid nitrogen anywhere.
 What you need to do is you need to put it in the lift,
 press the button, leg it out,
 and then tell someone who's already on the next floor
 that it's on its way up.
 But what if someone like halfway up presses the button
 and the lift stops in the way?
 I think you have to make sure that that doesn't happen as well.
 But yeah, and the reason you don't run up
 is let's say you trip up on the way,
 then suddenly you've just got nitrogen.
 An injury and a deadly lift.
 But it's sealed.
 Yeah, so I think it's in case of a leak.
 And we should probably explain the reason why
 is because nitrogen is heavier than air.
 If you release nitrogen, it will come out in a massive cloud,
 force all the air up and there'll be no breathable air.
 And it's actually happened.
 There was a party, I think it was like an event
 for an alcohol brand, I can't remember where it was,
 but they put loads of liquid nitrogen,
 sorry, dry ice basically,
 liquid nitrogen into the pool and it sort of steamed up
 and it looked really cool like a sort of thriller video.
 But they put in way too much and this entire party
 suddenly filled with nitrogen gas
 and like all the oxygen was forced up above head level
 and loads of people were hospitalized.
 I think someone maybe even died.
 They did die when that happened.
 It might been CO2.
 Maybe it was dry ice, it was different then, maybe.
 It was kind of the same principle.
 Yeah, it was the same.
 And what happens with the nitrogen is
 whenever it leaks out, it gets warmer,
 and when it gets warmer, it gets much, much bigger.
 And then it does the displacement.
 I've done karaoke in Singapore with a live band.
 Oh, wow.
 Yeah, that's kind of a thing that they do out there.
 That's very cool.
 I have seen a British national treasurer
 taking part in karaoke.
 Well, you don't need to call me that, Andy.
 Who was it?
 I don't know, can we bleep then?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, let's bleep the name.
 Was it?
 Really?
 Yeah.
 How, were they any good?
 Good idea, save A, so no one knows who it was.
 [BEEP]
 Do you know today if you've watched a movie in the cinema
 or if you've missed it in the cinema, what can you do?
 I stream it.
 You can stream it.
 You could, before that, you could get a DVD.
 Yeah.
 Or even a VHS.
 Yeah.
 Well, what could you get?
 Keep talking.
 Thanks, James.
 Are you advertising for the post?
 What could you get in 1896?
 Flipbooks.
 Exactly.
 Really?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, cool.
 They were known as folioscopes.
 And there was a guy, a company called Bolio, who made--
 Bolio's folios.
 Bolio's folios.
 It's probably Bolia.
 But yeah, they made these flipbooks based on the movies
 from 1895 to 1898.
 So if you've been and enjoyed the movie,
 you could go home and enjoy it again.
 It wasn't a whole film, was it?
 This only works for like two minutes long.
 This only works for the when films are five seconds long.
 She's trying to--
 Let's get across.
 Trying to do dude two.
 Yeah, yeah.
 The flipbooks outside.
 In fact, the flipbooks arrived at the whole street.
 Yeah.
 We're all up and down, flipping.
 And then Michael Strange went out with, in fact,
 Mary John Barrymore, who is the grandfather of Drew.
 Oh.
 John Barrymore was mega famous, wasn't he?
 Yeah, he was one of the most famous.
 I sort of think of him as more famous than Drew Barrymore.
 I know.
 It was quite an amazing takedown of his career, to say.
 Yeah, I know, it's tough.
 It's tough.
 Although I can't name a single thing he would have been in.
 No, I think Drew Barrymore's more famous now, for sure.
 Yeah.
 She's in Spielberg movies.
 Now she's more famous.
 But in the '40s, John was more famous than Drew, definitely.
 Yeah.
 This is how these things progress, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 Absolutely.
 One quick thing on diving.
 This is about Derek Langos from Illinois.
 And he runs the Scuba Bear Diving Recovery Service,
 where if you've been in the area called the "Chain of Lakes,"
 which is like a lot of lakes where people do lots of diving,
 and you lose something in the water,
 he'll go and find it for you,
 and he will charge you a small amount of money.
 Like a human dog.
 Like a human diving underwater dog.
 Yeah, okay.
 And you've lost your phone.
 There's important stuff on there.
 He'll go and find it.
 Before you've lost your watch, he'll find it.
 But he often finds stuff that no one sent him for,
 and then he'll keep it.
 And hope that someone gets in touch with him and says,
 "Oh, I lost this."
 What do you think is the most common thing that he finds
 underwater when scuba diving in Illinois?
 In Illinois.
 Oh, that's a clue.
 Is there a clue?
 There's not a clue, though.
 The Keeney Bottoms.
 When he's on his dive in and they come off.
 Yeah.
 Sure.
 That this happens even more frequently than that happens,
 which I believe only happens in movies from the 1990s.
 I'm going to say prosthetic legs.
 The most common thing he finds here.
 The most common thing.
 Yeah.
 No, it's something even more common than that.
 Oh.
 Oh.
 Wedding ring.
 No.
 iPhones or watches.
 Watches.
 Watches.
 Apparently it's Apple watches.
 Those ones with the kind of sports bands that are plastic
 that go on, apparently they just don't steal people's wrists.
 There was a picture of all the things that he's got
 and literally more than half of the things with these watches.
 Wow, no way.
 So not other watches straps, fine.
 Apple has somehow made a watch strap
 that slips off as soon as you dive into the water.
 That does appear to be the case.
 Well done, Apple.
 That's very cool.
 Any more anecdotes about karaoke?
 I just, I had a, I didn't enjoy karaoke much when I did it.
 What did you do?
 What did you sing, Andy?
 I think it's like Heartbreak Hotel,
 which was a nice song and I love it,
 but it was not the sort of fun raucous Elvis,
 the other song, Heartbreak Hotel.
 I'm not going to do it again.
 I nearly fell for that.
 That's great.
 I don't know why anyone goes anywhere
 near liquid nitrogen.
 It's just because it appears in cocktail bars
 and it appears on QI and all these people.
 The two places you frequent most frequently.
 The coolest places I've ever been.
 It's just bouncing between the two.
 I just think it's what, like minus 200 degrees or something.
 It has an incredibly dangerous effect if you mishandle it.
 I wouldn't.
 It is crazy it's available.
 And you just get a cocktail way to spring on your glass
 and it has led to some awful things happening.
 One interesting thing about it is you're supposed to use specialist gloves,
 but don't use normal gloves with liquid nitrogen.
 It's better to use your skin than normal gloves.
 And the reason is due to something called the laden frost effect,
 where it's like when you pour water on a hot stove
 and it kind of runs around in little...
 Oh yeah, it looks hydrophobic as about.
 Skittles about, yeah, yeah.
 So that's what will happen with liquid nitrogen on your hand,
 because your hand's warm enough.
 To liquid nitrogen, your hand is like a hot stove,
 because it's so cold.
 So it won't, there'll be a protective layer
 and it won't burn your hand.
 If you put cloth on, like cloth gloves,
 then the cloth gloves will freeze
 and then you've got real problems
 because you've got freezing gloves on.
 And no one's volunteering to take those off.
 Absolutely no, no, you're done.
 Your hand is no more and all the nitrogen is gone.
 There was a story, which was quite fun, that was doing the rounds,
 which you might remember, doing the rounds in the 1880s.
 And it came up.
 I was reading the fan book at the time.
 Of course, didn't get around to this.
 Didn't see it, yeah.
 It came up and it was told about a lot of different places.
 I read a version from Canada, from Pennsylvania, from Liverpool.
 And it went that there was a lady, she seated in a carriage,
 she's sitting between two men.
 And one of the men slips his hand into her muff
 for a little bit of naughty.
 Hand holding under there.
 Just to confirm the meaning of the word 'muff' in this case is her...
 It's just her hand warmer, James, as, I think you know.
 No, it's just from herming for the audience, that's all.
 Yeah, yeah, thank you.
 The gentleman slips his hand into her muff
 and she's not up for being handheld,
 so she slips her opposite hand out.
 Then the gentleman on her other side slips his hand into her muff.
 Lovely.
 And she spends a good 10 or 15 minutes watching them
 as they both have a jolly good old time.
 And both of the gentlemen occasionally looking around at her,
 giving her a bit of a wink and a nudge.
 And then at the end of the journey...
 They're just rummaging around with each other's hands, basically.
 They're just rummaging around with each other's hands.
 And then at the end she says,
 "If you gentlemen are done with my muff, I'll have it back now."
 And they both get very embarrassed.
 I've had that done to me.
 I've done it without the muff, like, as in, I've been in a pub.
 And with my arm round my wife's shoulder.
 And then one of my friends would put his hand there
 and just let me stroke his hand.
 And let me allow me to think it was my wife's hand.
 Did he do that to embarrassed or did he just really crave
 for human contact?
 Hey, you know, so these days, you do have,
 before the movie starts, it says,
 "Please turn your mobile phone to side.
 Before the movie starts, it says,
 "Please turn your mobile phone to silent or off."
 Right? Let's not disturb.
 But obviously in early days of cinema,
 we didn't have mobile phones.
 So what do you think was one of the things
 that they had to say to people?
 "Please turn off your gramophone."
 Yeah, yeah, giant gramophone ordered in here.
 To the owner of a horse who's outside,
 sort of done coloured horses.
 It's done a big poo.
 Please go and clean out the poo.
 Is that it?
 No, that's not it.
 It says, "Not turn off your phones."
 Yeah, no, but it would be something on you.
 Ooh.
 And so this was directed for women, specifically women.
 Place your hat pins in the pockets provided.
 Where would you see them?
 I'll tell you why you're close.
 Remove your crinoline dresses because...
 Oh, remove your hats.
 Remove your hats.
 Yeah, they would have signs up saying,
 "Please remove your hats,"
 because pillbox hats got quite big
 during the Jackie Kennedy period.
 Abraham Lincoln's furious in the front row, unrecognisable.
 Well, he stored stuff in his hat, didn't he?
 So if he removed his, all of his notes come tumbling out.
 That's true, that's where he keeps the popcorn.
 On entomologists being useful,
 did you know that both bank holidays
 and daylight saving time were invented by entomologists?
 No.
 Oh, right.
 Oh, were they?
 Oh, did I?
 William Willett was scared on them.
 Well, it's one of those things
 where I think where daylight saving,
 there are a few steps.
 But the first person to suggest it
 was this Kiwi insect lover
 called George Hudson, who was an entomologist,
 and he came up with a concept in 1895,
 and it was because he wanted some extra daylight
 after his working hours to collect insects.
 You're nodding, Erica,
 is it either as if you know that
 or as if you're like, "Yeah, I would have done that."
 No, no, I think I've heard it.
 I've heard that story, and it was like, "Ah, yeah."
 And also, "Yeah, I totally get it."
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 "Totally get it."
 Bank holidays used to be known, in fact,
 as St. Lubbock's days in the Victorian time,
 because they were invented by John Lubbock,
 who was a Liberal MP,
 and he wrote a book called "Ans, Bees and Wasps,"
 which was incredibly popular.
 It ran to 18 editions, like 18 reprints,
 because it kept selling out.
 And he also had a pet wasp.
 He tamed a wasp, and he presented it.
 I didn't know who to know.
 He did.
 He presented it to him.
 Tamed a wasp.
 Mary and Rushyard used to keep fleas.
 So you'd apparently turn up,
 and you'd have a little, like, a little dome of fleas.
 So everyone would suck tea and watch the view.
 Everyone watched the view.
 Can I ask you a question about flea circuses, Erika?
 Are they real?
 Well, some...
 Because I'm used to the thing where the showman says,
 "Look, are there fleas doing the tightrope
 and the tightrope pings?"
 And I can't believe it's real.
 I think there were some.
 Were there not some real ones?
 I think there aren't a few,
 but most of them were completely fake.
 So we've got the dress fleas on my desk at work.
 I've got the dress fleas.
 So these are in Mexico.
 So they were the pugas.
 These fleas were collected by local villagers,
 and they sold them as trinkets.
 And so they make these tiny little outfits,
 and then they use the flea as the head.
 So on my desk, I have two weddings and a mariachi dress.
 Oh, that's lovely.
 Oh, the little fleas.
 How cute.
 Wow, that must be absolutely tiny.
 I've seen smaller.
 The entomologists slam.
 That's brilliant.
 Every three months, the local haiku poets
 go to the post boxes, or they send an envoy,
 and they empty them out,
 and then they judge all the entries.
 The winner gets a prize.
 That's cool.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, so it won't disappear.
 It's not like writing a letter to Father Christmas,
 where, you know, who knows who's getting that.
 He reads it and then probably puts it in her pile somewhere.
 Right, yeah, exactly.
 But he doesn't give you a prize.
 Well, he gives you presents.
 Well, you get a letter.
 You get a letter back from Santa.
 Do you?
 What?
 You correspond with Santa multiple times.
 Throughout the year.
 Well, no, in the last six years,
 since I've had my eldest son.
 Yeah, if you send a letter to Santa,
 a letter comes back to you.
 I didn't know that.
 Yeah.
 Where are you sending it to?
 The North Pole.
 That's just right, Santa the North Pole.
 You get a letter back.
 Yeah, no, so there is a UK system
 where you buy a response letter,
 so you send it, your kids write it,
 and it comes back in the mail,
 and it's really nice to write it.
 Get away.
 No, it's a real thing.
 But kids don't want a letter back.
 No one, no kid writes RSVP at the bottom.
 See, Santa?
 Stop sending me fucking letters.
 You want an Xbox?
 OK, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we've said
 over the course of this show,
 you can go to our website,
 nosuchthingasafish.com.
 There is the links to get you into the world of Clubfish,
 which is our secret members group,
 and there's a great Discord that you can join
 and lots of bonus content
 that we put out through Clubfish.
 Or you can just get access
 to all of our previous episodes,
 as well as bitches.
 As well as bitches.
 [LAUGHTER]
 All of our previous bitches live there.
 All of our previous bitches.
 The word "bitch" is also an offensive word for a woman.
 Or those bits of merchandise
 so you can get your hands on there.
 Otherwise, just come back here next week.
 We're going to be back with another episode,
 and we'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 Bitches.
 All right, that is it.
 That is all of our outtakes.
 Thanks, everyone, for listening.
 You want to get in touch with any of us.
 You can do it through our regular social media accounts,
 or you can email us at podcast@qi.com.
 But again, just a reminder,
 if you would like to come see us live in Sydney
 for our extra show on November the 10th,
 go to nosuchthingasafish.com/sidney
 on the 12th of June.
 You'll have until the Friday
 to get your presale tickets
 before they go open to the rest of the world.
 And that's right.
 And for those of you who want to come
 to our additional show in London
 on the 24th of October,
 then you can visit
 nosuchthingasafish.com/london
 on the 12th of June
 to get those presale tickets for our show.
 In the meantime, why not go to our Discord?
 What is a Discord?
 I hear you ask.
 Well, a Discord is a place where
 like-minded individuals
 can discuss the things that they love.
 And indeed, we have one.
 It's called FishCord.
 And the way to find that is to go to
 nosuchthingasafish.com/fishcord.
 The fish, actually, we dip our toes in there every now and then
 to give you little bits of extra behind-the-scenes stuff.
 So do go to FishCord.
 So that's part of your secret society perk
 of being part of Club Fish.
 That's it for now.
 We're going to be back again in a couple of weeks
 with another bit of bonus material.
 We will see you all then.
 Catch you later, bitches.
 Jesus.
 [LAUGHTER]
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
