 Hi everyone, welcome to this week's episode of Little Fish.
 Now the reason I'm talking to you before the actual show starts is because we have that
 little audio club this week and the microphones unfortunately failed.
 But luckily for us, the microphones on the cameras that we're using to record the episode
 they did work.
 But unfortunately they are not quite the same quality as the ones we usually use.
 And so we sound a little bit like we're at the bottom of the well for this episode.
 So I've listed back to it, wonderful tech elves have done lots of lovely magic to make
 it as good as possible.
 So hopefully it will not impede your enjoyment of this episode too much.
 Really hope you enjoy it.
 We really wanted to put it down because the facts were so good.
 We had a great time recording it.
 We think it's a really great episode.
 So I hope you can get past the bad audio.
 Apart from that, there's not really much else to say I suppose.
 Thank you very much for listening.
 We really appreciate every single one of you who listens to the episodes and really we
 wouldn't be able to do this without you.
 So thank you very much.
 We don't get to say that very often.
 So yeah, thanks.
 Okay, anyway, enough from me.
 Hope you enjoyed this week's episode of Little Fish.
 I'm with the podcast.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of Little Fish, a weekly regular audience fact show.
 My name is Andrew Hunter-Marie.
 I'm here with James Harkin and Anna Tajitsky.
 And we've gathered with your best facts from the last seven days.
 So let's kick off.
 Let's have a fact.
 Doug Steen is who this fact is from Doug, D-U-G.
 No, oh.
 Cool.
 Very interesting.
 Then that's not even the most interesting heart of this email.
 Doug Steen says that reindeer, the etymology, is a combination of the old Norse crane and
 deer.
 Where deer means animal and crane means reindeer.
 So when we say reindeer, we're actually saying reindeer.
 In Western.
 And it's time wasting.
 It's like ATM machine and pin number.
 So we should just call this a rain?
 We should just be calling it a rain.
 It feels like it'll lead to more confusion.
 Does that mean all animals are deer's?
 Yeah, I believe so.
 Oh, that must be confusing for the Vikings.
 Oh.
 Another deer?
 Yeah.
 Oh, you got killed by a deer.
 That's a good point.
 You got to do it today.
 Yes, deer.
 Ha ha ha ha.
 Hold on a second.
 You've grown this out.
 We get a deer.
 A standard deer.
 So we get that from old Norse as well.
 And it just means animal.
 I guess maybe it's the only animals they had.
 Don't question all that.
 Don't question all that.
 That's true.
 Don't write to the Vikings.
 Bloody runes.
 Filling up your box.
 Oh, yeah.
 Gonna come to your town and chop your head off.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Steer all your gold.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Well, that's a great fact.
 I don't need deer.
 Really good.
 Yeah.
 Although it did get quite confusing in the email, which I should repeat, from dog, who says
 reindeer means reindeer animal and thus brackets reindeer animal animal or brackets reindeer animal
 animal animal.
 Ad infinitum.
 Which I'm not sure quite makes sense.
 I think you're saying if you say reindeer animal, you're actually saying reindeer animal animal.
 Yeah.
 You read that out.
 I don't even want to say that.
 People very rarely say reindeer animal.
 Because there's not another meaning of the word reindeer that isn't the animal.
 I don't think there is no.
 No.
 So that wouldn't come up.
 But aside from that, a great email I thought.
 Very good.
 Here's one from Christian Berlin.
 And it's also a bit scandy.
 It fights it's very scandy.
 Christian says that the only national anthem that mentions Sweden in any way is the Polish national
 anthem.
 And the Polish national anthem basically mentions loads of different countries according
 to the website Brilliant Maps.
 Which actually is a really good website.
 It doesn't sound like it.
 Well, it is a really good website.
 They do loads of amazing stuff.
 But I have checked this on other websites and it's definitely true.
 Is it like we will beat Sweden into the ground?
 There is a bit of that in there.
 The Polish anthem.
 You should know this.
 I should sing it every morning.
 Yes.
 I can do things since family dudes and the British national anthem.
 Yes.
 I only know the original Polish and I wasn't sure about the translation.
 Of course, because of course the Polish word for Sweden is very different.
 Actually, the Swedish national anthem mentions the North.
 Oh.
 As a sub-beufermism for Sweden.
 It's going to know you in countries, but it doesn't say Sweden by name.
 You know, the British national anthem doesn't say Britain, does it?
 No, it doesn't.
 It doesn't have anything, does it?
 I guess that's because it's so old.
 I just think you don't say your own name as often as you say other people, do you?
 I do.
 I've never said the name.
 Of course you do.
 You speak about yourself in the third person.
 Oh, I know.
 Well, what about O'Canada or Advanced Australia Fair?
 Good point, yeah.
 Or go on New Zealand.
 Go on that.
 But we do mention one country in the British national anthem.
 Scott.
 In some versions.
 Well, the later verses have some rather decidedly unworked stuff about rebellious gots to crush.
 Yeah, you're right.
 There is a verse about someone called Marshall Wade, who's going to crush the rebellious scots.
 But that is very much non-canon, I would say.
 It was kind of a verse that was invented in the 19th century because in those days we were a little bit anti-scots.
 That's now where all mates were told.
 Now that it was put in later.
 There are a few like verses which were sung for a little while, but they weren't sung afterwards.
 Interesting.
 And that's one of those.
 It's non-canon.
 Although ironically, if you were going to crush rebellious gots, you were probably going to be called a few canon.
 Yeah.
 Multiple canon.
 Good use of the plural canon.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Always something to enjoy, isn't it?
 The plural canon.
 Yeah, absolutely.
 Singular plurals are terrific, you know.
 Or an expected plurals.
 Courts, Marshall.
 Love it.
 Courts, Marshall and beauty.
 I mean, it's a bit of a hack-need example.
 Exit love it.
 Exit love it.
 Exit love it.
 I believe that's in the big German national anthem for you.
 Oh, can I do one?
 Yes.
 Here's a fact from Tony.
 Tony says, "I have a fact for you.
 The continents of America and Europe are moving apart at the same speed as a fingernail grows."
 This means, if you stand at landzend, which is the southwesternmost point of the UK,
 and point west, your fingernail is stationary and you are moving backwards.
 No notes.
 I think that's terrific.
 Yeah, really.
 But both sides are moving away from each other, right?
 Yes.
 What the way I thought you were going to go is that the end of your fingernail is always the same distance from America.
 No, that happens.
 Oh, that's a real mind-exploder.
 You know, I've heard that fact before.
 And I always think of it whenever I cut my fingernails.
 Steady.
 I do, I think.
 Because my fingernails grow relatively fast.
 Yep.
 How do you know, do you ask other people how fast they grow?
 Relasively to what I imagine they should be.
 I didn't say when it was realistic.
 Oh gosh, has it been that long since I cut my fingernails?
 They've grown so fast.
 That's why I do think a lot.
 I find this incredibly variable, so I am sometimes extremely surprised.
 In fact, right now I'm to be honest.
 It is variable.
 Okay, this is the great thing.
 No.
 Your fingernails grow more in the summer.
 Yes.
 What country?
 Which we've become?
 Well, yes.
 So it shoots a global warming.
 We're all going to be like RuPaul.
 Does RuPaul have long fingernails?
 Who was the first person I could think of?
 I don't know.
 No, I don't.
 I still have to be honest.
 It was a great reach.
 But that's so, that's probably due to just more blood flow in your fingertips, basically.
 That's it.
 Yeah, when it's a bit hotter.
 There was a doctor called William Bennett Bean, who spent 35 years from 1941 studying his own fingernail growth.
 He concluded that nothing has any effect on fingernail growth.
 I think he was wrong.
 Just a bit of the chicken, chicken, the teeth, right?
 I know someone who cuts one fingernail a day because they think it's more efficient.
 Lupi is not.
 Then doing all it was.
 It's just over.
 The extra work that's being done is finally the Clepper is getting them out of the cabin, that is they're putting them away again.
 If you're doing that ten times instead of one, I'm sorry, there's just no way that's not.
 Oh, well, he cuts the fingernails every ten days.
 He's psyched up.
 He had the failure to get further out.
 He tells us well, ten days.
 And twenty days, twenty days, twenty days is about right.
 You'll have a constantly shifting border, of course, you'll.
 I used to say that's my mum.
 She used to say, if we clean up a little bit all the time, then it will save us time overall.
 And I was like, no, the best thing to do is to make a load of mess.
 Yeah.
 And then all at once, clean it all up.
 That's the most efficient way of doing it.
 It is, which is why you can't use that argument as well, then.
 You just got to say, I like it being tidy more than one percent of the time.
 I don't like living in a shit pile because once a month you want to clean it.
 No, I think that is, that is sort of sensible thing, that was thing.
 I think I'm going to start doing that with my hair.
 Oh, I've just got to go in every day.
 Yeah, it's just another five pairs of days.
 Yeah, I just get a pressure.
 One, two, every twenty minutes.
 Stop the point, guys.
 Sorry.
 That's a James, too.
 Anyway, this is a vacuum, James, Ralph.
 Something I came across, which I thought was a bit fishy.
 And I don't know, as mentioned, is that the Soviet typhoon class submarine
 was so big and they were meant to be under, I was going to say ground,
 but under water for such long periods, they had a swimming pool, gym, sauna,
 and aviary.
 No, that's what it is.
 It is that extraordinary.
 It's called birds.
 I know, it's not that fun.
 It's it, but maybe that if birds are in a cage, so they care if it's above water or below water.
 Why do they have an aviary, though?
 To keep morale up.
 Yeah, I just think-
 That's a keep morale up as much as one dog does.
 On limits, it cuts or fish for them to have in the cage.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 They're lucky.
 Anything?
 Is it like canaries in a coal mine, maybe?
 Yeah, because they notice that when there's been a pressure change,
 before the canaries are dead, or do you know?
 What do you do?
 What do you do?
 You're in a submarine, you?
 Yeah, I think that must be morale.
 So you can sing that seed ditties and have them accompany you?
 That's a good point.
 Yeah, thank you.
 No, it's nice though, but you wouldn't have a dog on a submarine for a start.
 I think a dog would be more unhappy than-
 Those.
 The poos.
 Because there's already a fast-flushing poos on a submarine, isn't it?
 Because-
 It's really annoying to place the poos, especially when you do what?
 A poop?
 I mean, very high notes.
 Oh, fuck.
 Oh, the dog, the James Trades.
 Oh, that's amazing.
 Yeah, that's really-
 It is very amazing.
 So something else very cool that he added is that he mentioned that they had actually massive things, and they were meant for missiles they were carrying, and they had a double-hole layout.
 So there was an outer wall that was like water-filled.
 It was kind of like a tent in the an empty, and then the in-between bit was water-filled, encasing an inner wall.
 So, as he points out, if you took a toy submarine and put it in the indoor pool there, you'd have a sub in water, in a sub, in water, in a sub, in water.
 Oh, mate, really nice.
 Like the rocher doll of fire.
 And it's so nice.
 There we go.
 Very good.
 Yeah, nice to meet you.
 Nice to meet you.
 So good.
 Another watery one.
 Oh, yeah.
 After leaving the Marx Brothers, Zeppel Marx invented the clamp which held the little biotomic bomb in place on his flight to Hiroshima.
 No way.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, Zeppel Marx.
 He was an inventor, it turned out.
 So he invented- sorry, he invented what?
 He invented the clamp which held the little biotomic bomb.
 So what it is, it's a clamp which holds cylindrical things together.
 Do you know if you have a hose pipe and you need to attach the end of the hose pipe onto your sprinkler thing?
 It's the big wallet.
 Oh, there's tons that never work.
 Yeah, there's little metal things that never work.
 And you have to tighten them and they kind of make a seal.
 It's not that.
 Okay.
 But it's very similar to that.
 Because when I saw an image of it, I thought, oh, it's one of those things.
 So I could just say that thing and everyone will know what I mean and they'll know what the clamp is.
 But then I looked more carefully and it's very slightly different.
 Because I think it is good that they didn't go with that clamp device for the first atomic bomb.
 Because those things never ever work.
 And I don't want a loose atomic bomb rolling around in the planet.
 No, because whenever you use those, you get the sprinkler and it's not working.
 You turn it off to your face.
 It sprays off into your face.
 It might have happened with the atomic bomb.
 But that's only because Jerry the mouse has been standing on the hose and there's a huge bulb of water that spills out behind it.
 But yeah, exactly.
 He was like a proper inventor.
 He invented a wristwatch that checks your heartbeat and can tell you if something was going wrong with your heartbeat.
 Yeah.
 Which is like a watch.
 Like a Fitbit, right?
 Wow.
 When you talk in 1969, he invented that.
 Yeah.
 Well, these are less.
 There are three of them, right?
 That's all right.
 Oh, yeah.
 They're down here for those really.
 And there was a fifth who was I think a non-combatant.
 I mean, not the second world war.
 I just mean like he was, he was not in the Marks Brothers.
 You know, the Marks Brothers, the Chico Harpo graduate.
 Yeah.
 And I think there was.
 George.
 George.
 Ringo.
 Yeah.
 Like the Kardashians.
 I feel like there's one Kardashian that's not there.
 Susan.
 I think what you're thinking of actually is that it was a guy from Black Sabbath.
 Was yours born?
 The Osborne.
 So it was one Osborne who was never in the Osborne.
 Oh, really?
 She did hard to be in the TV series.
 Oh, okay.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Anyway.
 So yeah, he also, one of the thing he invented, this is really cool.
 He invented a thing where you could put two beehives together without all the bees fighting each other.
 How did you invent that?
 Was it a ferramon?
 It's like a reverse bend, which has a queen excluder in it, because it's the queen that calls all of the fighting.
 So they're basically all the bees can go in and out, but the queens can't go from one to the other.
 So it stops the drones and stuff from fighting each other.
 It's done.
 That's really funny.
 Which of those inventions, the clip for the Hiroshima bomb, the Fitbit or the anti-the fight excluder?
 Do you think was the biggest invention?
 Which one did you want to talk about in chat shows?
 I mean, I think they're all completely inconsequential.
 What?
 The Hiroshima?
 The clamp.
 Who cares?
 It's like, oh, the Mark's brother's here with his idea for the clamp.
 Okay, well, that's great, but it's not.
 If it isn't, otherwise they couldn't have picked it up, though, and just had a big bomb sitting in America and not knowing what to do.
 It was quite important.
 I guess.
 You think someone else might have made a clamp if he hadn't?
 I just think if you're in charge of the main fashion project and you're in charge of this hugely significant doomsday device,
 there's just a risk that if you get one of the Mark's brothers involved, I guess there's a big deal.
 It was one of those.
 Sorry, we're the three stages not available.
 Imagine if we invented the ultimate weapon, and the guy responsible for delivering it to the battlefield was Michael McIntyre.
 And we just think that now, here's you're going to do a bit.
 I reckon McIntyre is a secret agent working for the government.
 100%.
 The light entertainment stuff is just a cover.
 Why do you think that? Because no one could possibly devote their life to that?
 No, because he's so good at it, obviously. He must be getting a lot of help.
 I see.
 You see how it turned that around?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 The government.
 If it's good, anything, it's drafting community.
 I got another from George, who says I thought this was fascinating when I overheard it mentioned by a geography teacher.
 Quite interesting.
 Always promising.
 Overheard it mentioned by a geography teacher.
 So some clear of George was in the lesson and not really listening and just sort of overheard it.
 Or if George was in the pub next to someone who's clearly a geography teacher, you know, because he's very corduroy, whatever.
 Sorry, geography teachers.
 Anyway, I love this fact.
 The wrong foot to upmance to branch of the London Overground.
 Okay.
 So branch of the North London marks the furthest line of ice penetration during an ice age.
 Wow, I'm interested.
 Now listen, I've been fooled before by ice age related facts.
 Yes, you have.
 Elephant in Cornwall made the road network there.
 But the ice definitely didn't die as far as Cornwall.
 No, but it did get as far as the Horn Church Till.
 Now, if anyone's looking for a metal band name, I think Horn Church Till is actually quite good.
 It's a glacial deposit and it contains all these rocks and fossils, which were basically carried down from the Midlands, further north of London, 450,000 years ago.
 The most extreme ice age of the last two and a half million years.
 This one got as far south as North London.
 Yeah, then it stopped.
 Well, we want to go south of the river.
 It's the longest time of the night.
 And basically, there are all these rocks and fossils in there that we've, you know, you can tell because of where they belong in the land.
 It's so cool. It's quite, I think it's quite metal.
 It was discovered in 1892 by a geologist called TV Homes, Homes and Sherlock Homes.
 Quite how to Google it because you search TV Homes.
 Yeah, just find the latest Sherlock series.
 Exactly.
 And this ice age is so cool.
 It's the reason that the Thames go through London because the Thames used to go through East Anglia.
 North of London came out of the sea in Clackton in Essex.
 And it now it was pushed south into another valley by the advance of the ice sheet.
 You know what I used to think and I thought I was a genius thinking this.
 That the rocks at Stonehenge were brought down by that ice age because that line where Stonehenge is pretty much as far as it got as well.
 And I was sure like I absolutely nailed the origin of Stonehenge.
 It's just definitely not true.
 I have plenty of evidence that people carried the mother from Wales.
 It's got the BBC publishing articles about the origin of Stonehenge every two weeks.
 So I think you should give them all cool.
 But there's all this stuff of like ice age Essex.
 There's the Clackton Elephant bed and the West Thuruk lion pit.
 There's all this rock stuff.
 I just love it.
 So anyway, yeah, the Thames.
 Just think if the Thames hadn't been pushed south, London wouldn't have a river going through it now.
 Just let them one be there.
 Yeah.
 Well, no, be there, but without the river going through it.
 We can download the branches and stuff.
 So there you go.
 Super thought.
 Yeah, really is.
 Yeah.
 Anyway, thank you George.
 I love that face.
 Yeah, really cool.
 That's amazing.
 What about this one from Kate Haynes?
 This is that in World War II, one of the plans performed to stop Hitler,
 which was a very important aim at the time,
 was to feed him carrots laced with estrogen in the hopes that this would feminise him
 and make him make him mild like his sister apparently.
 I didn't know he had a meek and mild sister.
 Did he have a meek and mild sister?
 So got through Hitler.
 I think there was a sister called Paula.
 Paula, she said.
 It's bad, isn't it?
 It's hate.
 Yeah, I think his sister was called Paula.
 I made perfect of what she was called Paula.
 Did she also have the little mustache?
 That was that.
 Oh dear.
 I don't know how meek and mild she was.
 But that also.
 Probably meek and milder though, which it wouldn't be difficult.
 That's true.
 There were also his in laws, if you remember, the Scouse bars of family,
 but that's because he had a different sister's husband, maybe,
 or I'll know, I'll know why maybe his brother married someone
 who only lived in Liverpool.
 And then one of them moved to America, didn't they,
 and went on the sort of chat show scene a little bit,
 or rather, no.
 The chat shows so much as, like, going to theatres and talking about
 my terrible cousin Hitler.
 Yeah.
 So he got the terrible in at the start.
 Make clearly his idea wrong.
 But yeah, so it's one of those modes plans.
 Yeah, and also, apparently, it was also hoped that his smoother skin
 and large breasts would make him a laughing stock among the military men
 and world leaders.
 You don't know they're going to be large before you feed of the characters.
 I'm sorry.
 I think this is all a bit of a fever dream from whoever's planning this.
 Maybe it depends how many carrots he goes to one.
 There's, like, the boobs size depends on how much Easter do you have.
 It does, I suppose.
 It does, does it?
 I say that, actually.
 Maybe.
 Well, we're not, don't mind not the experts.
 We're not expecting you to be either.
 Oh, no, I'm not.
 Just because I have them.
 I've never really looked into how Easter in carrot consumption corresponds.
 But the Kate Ames does specify that she found this at the World Carrot Museum of this fact.
 So I guess that's why they had to throw in the carrot fast.
 The physical carrot museum on the online one.
 Oh, I think the online one.
 Yes.
 Oh, there is a great carrot.
 Yeah, that website.
 I think it is gone into kind of QIFO.
 Florida's like one of the greatest ever websites devoted to one subject.
 It's just one person who collects a lot of amazing carrot facts.
 So good.
 I just always love these plants.
 I think there should be a competition between plants to kill castor and plants to kill Hitler,
 which were madness.
 And there is so many which involve having to sort of just feed them stuff that they've never eaten
 or slip into their nightgowns, things that they...
 You know, how, how, what were the logistics of this?
 How likely was it?
 And if it was likely, has it happened to lots of other people we don't know about?
 Like was Ming Campbell originally really a vicious person?
 And do you know what I mean?
 If they had these plans a lot, what did you do?
 Yeah.
 Do you think how much effort time money is going to go into making Ming Campbell?
 Particularly relaxed guy.
 Yes, me.
 Do another thing for international listeners on Ming Campbell?
 Former leader of the Liberal Democrat Party?
 Not especially while I'm having a hearing, actually.
 I think we should do something for domestic listeners on.
 I think they're a lot of hurt of him.
 Well, our key when New Zealand listeners.
 He just struck me as quite a gentle person.
 Yes, so I thought maybe he didn't use to be until he was put the carrots himself.
 If you can get close enough to give Hitler some carrots.
 Which guy's origin in?
 It feels like you're close enough to do something more.
 Put a bomb in the carrots.
 And the bomb is attached to the case by a clamp that has been created by Miranda Hard.
 Now, look, Tony Hancock is carrying an incredibly explosive pie.
 I think it's not the idea of the more department than outside you've just got a queue of all kinds of things that have happened.
 Like, Diane Morgan is ready for duty.
 It's a very funny idea, huh?
 You have to make that show.
 But not today.
 We've reached the end of a fax time.
 Well, the good news is we're going to come on to fact allocations.
 So if you join club fish at the top tier friend of the podcast,
 then you will get one of our headline facts dedicated to you.
 If you want to check out club fish, just to say go to patreon.com/clubfish.
 There are three different tiers.
 There are all sorts of good things there.
 There are bonus episodes.
 There are extra long episodes that James edits.
 There is all manner of stuff.
 And as I say, if you become a friend of the podcast, you will get a classy certificate sent to you with one of our facts
 that will become yours in perpetuity.
 So let's dish out a few more of those now.
 Okay, here is a fact that is now under the custodian ship of Alexanderana.
 Alexanderana, your fact is that the world puddle jumping championships,
 bands, fizzy drinks in case they improve participants performance.
 And that's because it's kids.
 It's kids that do it.
 Oh, of course.
 And it's whoever does the best sort of jumping.
 It's not necessarily most puddles.
 It's just whoever does.
 It's more like figure skating.
 It's all about your style.
 Oh, is it arm because I would have seen it with length.
 Oh, but okay, that makes more sense of style.
 That's more interesting to watch.
 Yeah, I'm not sure if it still exists that competition must have met.
 Do we know how rigorous the drug testing is on the fizzy drink?
 How do you test for a fizzy drink?
 I bet there's no blood test that can do that.
 Surely it affects your blood sugar a bit.
 But couldn't you have just had a flat drink that was very sugary.
 That's absolutely true.
 That's the loophole.
 Everyone's just fruit shooting up.
 Oh, that's great.
 That was really good.
 Okay, here's another fact for Nicholas Romaro.
 And this is that the shuffle cocks used in professional badminton
 are made with real goose feathers
 and they're always taken from the left wing.
 Because badminton is traditionally very socialist.
 Short.
 Brilliant.
 Very good.
 Dabton, that was from a guest.
 Martin Grayson.
 Oh, yeah.
 And it's because they spin different ways,
 depending on what side of the bird they're on.
 They're intended to be used by the bird.
 Yeah.
 And so they're a particular shake for a spin.
 And you could have your shuffle cocks all spinning clockwise.
 I think the left wing spins clockwise.
 I wonder if you had an aviary on a submarine
 whether you might be able to farm those birds
 for your shuttle cocks for a bit of R&R for your sailors.
 We don't know that's not why they had it.
 I don't know how big these submarines work.
 It sounds like they were very big.
 It does feel like a goose farm and a badminton court
 are going to, they're going to stress the central committee
 for a proven sense.
 There's no fight having won another round.
 I like that, dear.
 But because submarines are such a boring shape, I don't know.
 Two.
 You know, they're basically big fish shapes.
 Effectively.
 I've got some reason.
 For a good, okay.
 No.
 So you're doing horse.
 You want something that's going to go nicely to the water.
 And I think a fish is a good example of it.
 Okay.
 Yes.
 But what else goes through?
 Actually, through the water.
 A manta ray.
 Imagine a manta ray shaped submarine.
 Well, it's basically one thought.
 It's basically a massive bungalow.
 Then you've got space for your badminton court and everything.
 Because it's so spread out.
 Lovely.
 Lovely.
 Yeah.
 Something to think about.
 We'll get onto the M.O.D.
 Right, let's have another one.
 This one goes out to Danny Thomas.
 Danny, your fact.
 Now and forever.
 Is that the ancient Egyptians had pornographic papyruses?
 Papyrus?
 Papyrus?
 Yes.
 But this is about the Turin erotic papyrus.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 And it's got various rude images on it.
 All in horror.
 Glifix, obviously.
 This is a squiggle, squiggle, squiggle.
 Third.
 I have horror.
 I have horror.
 Yeah.
 And it's not quite sure what it was for.
 I think.
 But it was.
 Oh, we though.
 Well, it was maybe for, it was maybe for, you know, ancient Egyptian teenagers.
 Or maybe it was a manual of some kind.
 Or maybe it was just, you know, a prank.
 I just love the idea that in four thousand years someone's going to find an old playboy
 and go, we're not quite sure what they use this for.
 It could have been that they plastered the pictures up to show people where brockles are.
 Because that's what they always say, isn't it?
 Oh, there's loads of rude graffiti on this wall.
 Oh, that must have been to point out where the brockles are.
 Oh, that must have been to point out where the brockles are.
 I'll be 15 year old boys going.
 Yeah.
 Okay, sure it was.
 Oh, they're there to kind of roll back immediately on that.
 And the idea is like sailors come into a pot and they don't necessarily speak the language.
 So they need to have photos.
 Photos?
 Drawings.
 Drawings.
 Rude, etchings.
 Okay.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Here is one that is now under the custodian ship of Sam and Sam.
 The fact is that the world's only Cornish Pasely Museum is in Mexico.
 Mexico.
 Mexico.
 Yeah, love this.
 By the way, I think it might not be true anymore.
 Actually, I have a feeling that they've got a Cornish Pasely Museum in Cornwall since then.
 I remember there was, in fact, maybe even when we did this bite, they were talking about building it, weren't they?
 But what happened was a lot of Cornish miners went over to Mexico because they had expertise
 in tin mining and in Mexico, they were going to mine stuff.
 And so they brought the Cornish Pasely with them, I believe.
 Yeah.
 Well, I think I'm just looking for an update now.
 Oh, use coming in.
 Use flash.
 This is Austin Chamber.co.uk.
 Plans are developing to establish the UK's first over Cornish Pasely Museum.
 Still developing.
 I just hoped it would be ready for visitors in time for the 2016 season.
 Sorry, the article didn't have a date on it.
 I don't think it didn't get built.
 I don't think it got built.
 This is what Fentany Naturalist is.
 British sort of big construction projects like this often do run over a bit, don't they?
 Oh, yeah, I've just looked it up now.
 Yeah, it's now costing £10,000,000.
 I only got this far as dead.
 Very good.
 Okay, so here's another fact.
 This is for Naomi Robinson Dunbar.
 Naomi, enjoy this one.
 And this one is that 20% of people wake up wearing fewer clothes than they went to bed with.
 It me.
 Oh, yeah, you're feeling seen.
 It me.
 I'm feeling so seen.
 It's me.
 This is classic me.
 Yeah, it's just the thing people say.
 It me.
 You know, that's me.
 It's just an old.
 Who comes in and steals them in the night?
 No, it's normally the night cap comes as a skew.
 And I get discarded.
 I think it's easy to subconsciously take off clothes and put on clothes.
 It is a sandwich.
 Yeah, definitely.
 Okay.
 Of course it is.
 Sorry, officer, I don't know how I arrived here in an extra jump time.
 You never get anyone saying that.
 Very right.
 But you often get people say, sorry, officer, I don't want to make trousers.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 Oh, that's great.
 All right.
 Here's another one.
 Oh, I love this one.
 This one goes out to Lauren Castling.
 Lauren, your fact is there are people who mine for jeans.
 Denon jeans.
 This is in...
 It's in America, isn't it?
 There are all these old leaf eyes buried in mines and things.
 Because people got too hot when they were doing the mining.
 They took off their jeans.
 Without even realizing it.
 People did used to get naked when they were mining, didn't they?
 Yeah.
 That's a pretty common thing.
 Yeah.
 Because they're so hot.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 People would go down into mines and, you know, all the jeans would get...
 And they're obviously valuable now because they're so old and they're full of proper rivets
 and they're actually quite high quality clothes.
 So people sell them as cool agent artifacts.
 So what are we going to be mining for that those people left behind when mining for jeans?
 Oh, I see.
 Like their jean tweezers that they just pick up the jean tweezers.
 Probably their jean tweezers, yeah.
 Yeah.
 That reminds me, I must just pluck a single hair from my eyebrow.
 Stop the broadcast.
 This fact is now on the custodian ship of Nicola and Nicola.
 Oh, Dan Schreiber should be here to justify himself because this is one of his fights.
 And the fact was Jesus had a mono brow.
 Can I remember what his evidence for this was given that I've only seen certain such evidence
 that Jesus was even a historic pop.
 Okay.
 But all of them said, but if he did exist.
 Dan said there was someone who runs a blog of descriptions of Jesus.
 Tom Chivers and at least three of these say that he had eyebrows meeting.
 Okay.
 Although another said he had hairs as white as snow.
 Okay.
 And he might have.
 Yeah.
 And everywhere the pilot went, that Christ was sure to go.
 So Mary had a little lamb that there.
 Well, that's one for the kids.
 One for the kids.
 See?
 That is unconscious pilot.
 Yeah.
 But then Mary was a natural character in the pilot.
 Yeah.
 That would have been a lot better.
 A lot better.
 In fact, that's, I almost think what I've done is amazing there.
 Yeah.
 I'm.
 I need.
 I need to adjust Mary had a little lamb to put in the character for the pilot.
 Pilot.
 Oh, dear.
 I just think your brain works in extreme ways.
 In very mysterious ways, I'd say.
 Right.
 Well, let's have another fact.
 This is one for Henry Smith.
 Henry Smith.
 Take this to your grave.
 Sorry.
 That's a bit dark.
 Just take this with you every day.
 Um, Ernest Shackleton's dogs, names included slippery swabbers, Satan, painful, swanker, bummer, and bob.
 Bob.
 Bobby, poor, Bob, run out of inspiration at the end of the door.
 Shackleton.
 Which of those?
 Which of those would you feel at least confident shouting in the park if you'd lost them?
 Oh, they've all got some problems.
 I mean, bummer and Satan feel like the two least acceptable swanker.
 Swanker.
 Yeah, true.
 Yeah.
 Swanker depends on what you if you said something before, like, you know, um, if you said something that could be pluralized, yeah, like, um, hamms, whanker, hamms, whanker, like a big, big, big, big, big, big, big, something normal that you'd say in the park.
 Hems, whanker.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Good point.
 I'm picking up other people.
 Cool.
 Well, you're in now.
 And so, yeah, there you go, good luck, Shackleton.
 I just love to hire you with paints of yourself.
 As you were saying it, I was like, I can't think of anything.
 I felt it coming.
 I felt it coming towards me.
 It was like that.
 I've seen an Austin Powers with a very, very slow Steve roller coming towards him.
 I'm going to finish this sentence.
 Oh, dear.
 Well, that is eight new fact custodians dished out.
 So congratulations to Henry, Nicola, Lauren, Naomi, Sam, Danny, Nicholas and Alexander.
 You are now custodians of fish facts.
 And if you would like to be a custodian, just go to patreon.com/clubfish and sign up today.
 But that's it for this episode of Little Fish.
 I've had such a fun time.
 And I hope you guys have too.
 And I hope everyone listening has.
 But for now, it's time for goodbye.
 We'll see you in a few days for another episode of no such thing as a fish.
 Bye for now.
 [MUSIC]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
