 (upbeat music)
 - Hello and welcome to another episode
 of "No Such Thing as a Fish,"
 a weekly podcast coming from four
 undisclosed locations in the UK.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I'm sitting here with Anna Tyshinski,
 Andrew Hunter Murray, and James Harkin.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days,
 and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with my fact this week,
 my fact is that while working as a publisher,
 the poet T.S. Eliot liked to sit his visiting authors
 on a whoopee cushion before offering them
 an exploding cigar.
 (laughing)
 - Wow, I mean, did he do this with everybody?
 - Yeah, I don't know if people were warned about it.
 I think most people assumed it wouldn't happen.
 He was a very serious guy according to the writings
 that he released, so the idea that you would enter
 the office of the great poet T.S. Eliot
 and have a cigar explode in your face
 while making a loud fart seems out of place, doesn't it?
 - Do you think maybe the very grave, serious persona
 he had throughout his life was all an act
 so that he could do this, jade, without people expecting it?
 - That's a great idea.
 - Could have been all building up to this.
 - All the front, yeah.
 It wasn't just his authors who came in
 who he would turn these sort of practical jokes on to.
 He once broke up a board meeting as well
 by setting off a bucket full of firecrackers
 underneath the chairman's legs.
 So he was all over the shop.
 He was a nightmare to work with.
 - Sounds like a maniac.
 That sounds dangerous as a fourth of July prank.
 - Yeah, you'd be fired if you weren't quite senior
 in the company or you weren't about to become
 the greatest poet of the 20th century,
 you would be fired for that.
 - But wait a minute, wouldn't it be quite cool
 if you were about to be fired and they went,
 "You're fired," and you went, "No, you're fired, mate."
 And a lot of firecrackers went, "Oh, his ass."
 - That'd be amazing.
 - "Dunning, maybe that's what happened."
 And it was such an event,
 they completely forgot this accent.
 - So T.S. Eliot, he, famous poet,
 but also was actually a publisher himself.
 So he worked for Faber and Faber.
 In fact, he actually worked for,
 before it was Faber and Faber,
 he worked for it when it was Faber and Gwyer.
 Do you know why he became--
 - Can I just say, very, very good publishers,
 Faber and Faber.
 They've got one book out this year,
 I think it's called "Funner You Should Ask"
 by the QALs. - Oh, here we go.
 - Here we go.
 (laughing)
 - Viral marketing. - They are very, very good.
 - Very crafty.
 - Sorry, Dan, you were saying.
 - But so, yeah, so he joined them in the 1920s,
 and he became a director and an editor there.
 - We're saying he was one of the great poets
 of the 20th century, which I guess he was, fine.
 But he did, he did also write "Cats."
 I mean, he is credited.
 - I believe that's what we're referring to
 when we say-- - Oh, I'm sorry, yeah.
 (laughing)
 He is the lyricist, credited as the lyricist
 on the musical "Cats."
 Even though he died 20 years before it came out,
 'cause he wrote this book,
 "Old Possum's Book of Practical Cats" in 1939,
 and it was for his godson, it was, you know, it wasn't.
 - Yeah, that's unfair to say that he wrote "Cats."
 - I say he wrote "Cats" because, for example,
 he won a Tony Award for "Cats" in 1983,
 18 years after he died.
 - And they wheeled him up, didn't they,
 on stage for a very dark award ceremony?
 - And he went, "Surprise, I haven't been dead all this time."
 (laughing)
 - That huge stink bomb goes off at the back of the room, chaos.
 - I think in his defense, he said about "Cats"
 in an interview, and he was asked about it,
 that one wants to keep one's hand in.
 So, you know, you just keep trying stuff out,
 you just keep writing the practice of writing,
 even if you're not really writing serious stuff.
 But he did really enjoy writing about "Cats"
 'cause in this same interview, he basically said,
 "I've thought about writing about dogs,
 "but they don't seem to lend themselves to verse
 "quite so well," which I can see that that's true.
 - A dog on a log does rhyme.
 But I think there's more rhyming words for "Cats"
 than there are for dogs.
 Just, I mean, I'm not a poet,
 as you might be able to tell, but I just--
 - No, I think that's really good.
 He probably hadn't thought of the log thing.
 - Frog, the cat-- - Frog is well actually frog.
 - Yeah, but it's the cat in the hat, isn't it?
 Not the dog on the log.
 - With a frog.
 - Okay, he wasn't Dr. Seuss, go on.
 (laughing)
 - Is that what poetry is?
 I've never read any of his stuff, I must say.
 - Ezra Pound gave him his nickname,
 which you mentioned a minute ago, which was Possum.
 So it's called Old Possum's Book of Practical Cats,
 'cause that was Elliot's nickname.
 And it's related to his serious personality.
 So despite all the practical jokes,
 he was known for being incredibly stiff.
 The nickname Possum came after the fact
 that Possums are known for faking their own deaths.
 So the idea was that whenever he was at a social gathering,
 it seemed like he was faking being dead.
 That's how much life he contributed to the party.
 - Oh, like playing Possum, yeah.
 - Exactly.
 - But so he liked the name Possum?
 Is that what you're saying?
 - He did like it, yeah, it was affectionate.
 And Virginia Woolf said he was so buttoned up,
 he wore a four-piece suit.
 And so he liked the name Possum,
 he kind of embraced this and it was based on--
 - That's the joke.
 I understand that, I was just trying to work out.
 'Cause I wanted to know if there was a bit of a three-piece suit
 I was missing all these years.
 (laughing)
 - No, there's a bit of your sense of humor
 you've been missing all these years.
 (laughing)
 - But that's interesting 'cause he did have a bit
 of a lack of a sense of humor about his names generally.
 For example, T.S. Eliot.
 Why is the S in there?
 Why not T. Eliot?
 Do you guys know?
 - Well, all I know really about T.S. Eliot
 before researching this is that his name
 is an anagram of toilets.
 So is it-- - There you go.
 - Is that it?
 - If you take the S out, it's toilet backwards
 and he did not want that to be the case, yeah.
 - Kidding, that's why he put the S in.
 - This is, a lot of people said it.
 I haven't read him saying it himself,
 but Samuel Beckett has written about it,
 saying T. Eliot is toilet-spelled backwards.
 Ordon mentioned it, that's what you would get.
 I think it was the thing that everyone had noticed.
 And so that's why the S was in there.
 - Wow.
 - So we know he didn't like dogs.
 We know he likes cats.
 Do you know what other animals he didn't like?
 - Spiders, I guess, is the obvious one.
 - Farm yard animals.
 As a group, he famously at,
 or rather, perhaps not as famous as it should be,
 while working at Faber,
 turned down George Orwell's Animal Farm.
 He was submitted to them.
 And he read it and he wrote him a nice long letter
 saying it's brilliant.
 And I'm very upset that we're not gonna be publishing it
 because it means that whoever gets to publish it
 will probably get to publish your subsequent work.
 But I just, I can't do it.
 It doesn't fit with us.
 - Because he doesn't like farm yard animals, does he?
 - I'll tell you another animal he didn't like, flies.
 Because they also turned down Lord of the Flies,
 Faber and Faber.
 - Is every subsequent fact in this show
 gonna have to be linked tangentially to an animal?
 - Was it because Lord of the Flies
 has a character called Piggy
 and you get pigs in farm yards?
 - Brilliant, that's exactly it.
 Yes, they, well, they didn't specify that.
 They turned it down with the notes,
 rubbish and dull, pointless, reject.
 - Wow.
 - Ouch, yeah.
 - God, it sounds like he was quite a bad publisher.
 I wonder he had to write poems to make ends meet,
 turning down all these absolute stone cold hits.
 - Unlike Faber of today, of course,
 who have another stone cold hit on their hands.
 With funny, you should ask.
 The new book by the QIL.
 - Available now.
 - Spawn.
 - I didn't know how fun TS Eliot was.
 I appreciate we've just said
 that he's not fun all the way through this,
 but I didn't know he really liked Groucho Marx.
 He idolized Groucho Marx.
 They had dinner once together, TS Eliot and Groucho Marx,
 but the dinner was a complete disaster
 because all Marx wanted to talk about was literature
 and all Eliot wanted to talk about
 was Marx Brothers films.
 - Yeah.
 - It's really interesting that if Groucho Marx
 was going to become friends with anyone,
 you would think it wouldn't be someone
 who has the big exploding cigar trick up his sleeve.
 - Maybe that was his ultimate prey for TS Eliot.
 I will get him one day.
 - Well, that actually makes so much sense.
 Sorry, because Eliot once wrote Marx a letter.
 So he'd written Groucho Marx a letter saying,
 "Can I have a photo of you?"
 And Marx had sent it and TS Eliot put this framed
 on his table, but then Eliot wrote another letter
 to Marx saying, "In the photo of you,
 "you're not smoking your cigar and it's a bit annoying
 "because all my visitors come, look at it and say,
 "who's that?
 "No one recognizes you without the cigar.
 "Can you do one with a cigar?"
 So maybe that was all part of a ploy
 to get that exploding cigar into his face.
 - That is interesting.
 - I think it's interesting that they were so close
 because Eliot was quite anti-Semitic, wasn't he?
 Do you know what I mean?
 We should mention that, I think.
 A lot of his poems that before he became famous
 do have certain anti-Semitic tropes to them.
 And that it was before Second World War.
 And then obviously after the Second World War,
 people realized that, wait a minute,
 you can't really do this kind of thing.
 But he never really properly backtracked on it, so.
 - Yeah.
 Well, actually it was quite tense.
 I'm not sure they did like each other that much.
 If you read the exchanges of letters,
 they're full of barbs.
 So there was one where when Marx sent Eliot this photo,
 Eliot wrote back saying,
 "I've hung that right next to my photos of Yates
 "and Paul Valeri, you know, in the pride of place."
 And then Groucho wrote back to him saying,
 "That's so weird 'cause I've just read an essay about you
 "which named those other two pictures,
 "but there was a conspicuous absence.
 "I trust this was an oversight
 "on the part of the journalist."
 - What a weird thing to write to someone saying.
 The article about you didn't mention a photo of me
 in your home, get a grip, mate.
 - But then Eliot's excuse wasn't it?
 - He said, "Oh, well, your picture was a photo
 "and the other pictures were drawings or paintings.
 "So maybe the writer had only noticed the paintings
 "and hadn't noticed photographs
 "and didn't want to talk about photographs."
 - Good excuse, very good excuse.
 I mean, it's absolutely mad that in the old days
 you had to write to someone for a photo of them.
 Can we just appreciate that as a really stupid system?
 Imagine.
 - How do you get a photo of someone now again?
 Is it easy now?
 - Yeah, Google it.
 - Google image.
 And then right click and you go print.
 - Yeah, but when you've got a picture of Groucho Marx
 on your wall with all the other people you've met,
 you don't want one that you've taken off Google image,
 do you?
 - With getty images over the top of it.
 - Oh, my lad, do you?
 - You should come and see my gallery wall.
 It's got a lot of lovely watermarks on it.
 - So many celebrity friends.
 It's Nicole Kidman's up there, Barack Obama.
 - Shall we talk about his sex life?
 - Always up for that.
 - T.S. Eliot.
 - Okay, sure, yeah.
 - It was very difficult, I think is the headline there.
 He was very awkward around women.
 He had a lot of relationships in his life.
 And until the end, they were pretty much a disaster.
 - Oh, I was ready for the juicy stuff, James.
 I didn't think it was just, he had bad relationships.
 - Okay, I was just gonna set it up
 for someone else to jump in there.
 But fine.
 - We've all got bad relationships, yeah.
 - His most famous relationship was with Vivian.
 And he told the wolves that he couldn't imagine
 shaving in her presence.
 That's how awkward the relationship
 was between those two people.
 - This is Virginia Woolf's family,
 we should say not actual wolves.
 - It was confusing.
 - Sorry, I just, yeah.
 - He didn't like dogs, but he loved wolves.
 - I thought I pronounced the word wolf
 with the obvious double O.
 It was so obvious that there was a double O in there, guys.
 - I heard the F of wolves.
 - And that's what I was, but I think wolves, wolves.
 It's probably, Virginia Woolf always said,
 "I'm Virginia Woolf."
 - So what did the wolves say about him?
 - They said, "Oh, that's interesting."
 - Well, he was part of that Bloomsbury group, wasn't he?
 With the wolves, Virginia Woolf.
 And Bertrand Russell as well,
 with whom his wife had an affair.
 - Wait, so what did Virginia Woolf say?
 What were you saying about what did the wolves say?
 We need to know what the wolves at the door said.
 - He said it to the wolves.
 He said, "I can't imagine shaving in my wife's presence."
 And then the wolf said,
 "You really need to make this house out of bricks."
 - He said he couldn't imagine shaving in his wife's presence.
 - Yeah, because he was so awkward.
 They got married really, really quickly,
 but then it was really obvious very, very quickly
 that they weren't compatible one little bit.
 They slept in different rooms as well.
 That's another...
 - Well, they tried to sleep in the same room
 on their honeymoon, as is traditional.
 And it sounds awkward, as is the theme.
 So they went on honeymoon in Eastbourne
 and she was on her period
 and had an embarrassing accident
 when they were trying to have their honeymoon moment.
 And they were both so incredibly embarrassed
 that he went and slept out on a deck chair
 outside the hotel for the rest of the week.
 And she trashed the hotel room
 'cause she was in such a frenzy of embarrassment.
 And then she took the sheets away with her
 'cause she didn't want the hotel staff to see them.
 But then of course, they just called their home
 when they got back and said,
 "You've stolen all of our bedding."
 Which sort of is more embarrassing, I think.
 - Oh dear.
 - But they did also, I think, at that point of the honeymoon.
 The honeymoon was meant to be the debut sex fest
 because they hadn't had sex as far as I could tell.
 It seems that they got married really quickly
 because I think he told Ezra Pound
 he said, "I want to have sex."
 And then three months later, he was married to her.
 So he obviously--
 - The debut sex fest.
 - The debut sex fest.
 (laughing)
 - Yeah, they should rebrand honeymoon.
 (laughing)
 - Where are you going on your debut sex fest?
 - Oh, we're off to stay with the wolves.
 (laughing)
 - Ashley Virginia Woolf said,
 "Living with Vivian, who was quite mad,
 "living with Vivian was like having a bag of ferrets
 "hung around your neck."
 - She was very troubled, wasn't she?
 And you know, I think she was,
 was she sectioned at one point when he was away
 and she spent the rest of her life in a hospital?
 - Yeah, so he went away to America, didn't he?
 And then his solicitors sent her a letter saying,
 "I want a separation," rather than him saying it.
 And then when he went back to London,
 she kind of stalked him and would go to his office
 and he would always sneak out of the back door
 so that she wouldn't see him.
 And then she would walk around London with a knife.
 It was like a rubber knife, so it was like a joke.
 She was like, "I'm trying to find my husband
 "with this rubber knife."
 - Wait, did she get it from the same shop
 as the Exploded Cigars and the Wolf Division?
 - Smithy's absolutely clinked up on the Elias, didn't they?
 (laughing)
 - And then she joined the British Union of Fascists
 in the late 30s, yeah. - Oh, yes, that's right.
 - And she liked to wear the uniform in public.
 - Yeah, 'cause when you hear about the early days
 of her life, particularly the university years,
 everyone sort of talked about her as being very flamboyant.
 She was a great dancer, she'd always speak her mind.
 She smoked in public, which you wouldn't usually see
 women doing, she dressed like an actress.
 Aldous Huxley said that he really liked hanging out with her
 because she was vulgar, she was just so different,
 she would say what she thought.
 And then you get to this fascist period
 where suddenly it seems like a totally different character.
 In fact, the last time she ever saw Elliot
 was at one of his book talks
 where she went into the audience.
 She brought three books with her and she brought her dog
 and he signed her books for her
 and then went off with someone else.
 It's the weirdest thing,
 it's the last time they ever saw each other.
 - Wow, wow. - Yeah.
 - But still, you know, she got her book signed.
 - She got what she wanted, she got her book signed.
 - But she not, I've just found his signature
 on the internet, printed it off
 and then stuck it in her book.
 - All right, so you've seen my autograph book too, fine.
 - She did, she tried various ways to get him back.
 So one of them seemed to be bringing this dog
 to his book chat, which is a bad idea.
 Another one was putting an advert out in the times, the 1930s.
 So she thought there was a sort of a conspiracy
 to keep him apart by other people.
 And so she put an ad in the time saying,
 "Will T.S. Elliot please return to his home
 "68 Clarence Gate Gardens, which he abandoned
 "on the September the 17th, 1932."
 - Wow.
 - Yeah.
 - Do you know, Elliot himself was really secretive
 about his correspondence.
 In fact, the whole estate has been very secretive
 since he died, pretty much.
 'Cause his widow was called Valerie,
 he married again much later.
 So Peter Eckroyd was trying to write a biography of him
 and he was forbidden to quote from any correspondence
 or unpublished work.
 And he was hardly allowed to quote
 even actual published poems of T.S. Elliot's
 in this biography of the man.
 Elliot destroyed so much correspondence
 that between 1905 and 1910,
 there was just one postcard left by him.
 That's it, that's all there is for those five years.
 - What does it say?
 Just, dear mom, really sunny here, hope you're well.
 Having a lovely debut sex fest in Yves Bourne.
 (upbeat music)
 Okay, it is time for fact number two and that is James.
 - Okay, my fact this week is that in 2001,
 an artist got lost in Los Angeles
 and decided to make his own sign
 to stop other people from getting lost in future.
 Not only did it remain unnoticed for more than a year,
 but when the city was tipped off,
 they found that it met all signage rules
 and they kept it in place for eight years.
 - It's so charming.
 What was the sign saying?
 - It said five.
 - And the word north as well. - Five more.
 So this was a sign to get off a highway
 and get onto another highway.
 And basically the signpost to tell you where to go
 was really close to the ramp.
 And really there should have been one a lot further back.
 So whenever anyone drove down the 110
 and wanted to get onto the five,
 they would only realize at the last second
 that they needed to be in a certain lane
 and they would kind of swerve in front of the cars.
 And he was like, well, it's just really dangerous.
 So I'm going to put a five,
 maybe a mile further back or a half mile further back.
 And he put it there and he did it in broad daylight.
 He just one day he just got a load of ladders
 and just went up there and did it.
 And it was there and no one noticed.
 And I think he tipped them off in the end.
 This artist named Richard Angrom.
 He tipped off the city in the end and they just kept it there.
 And then they decided we're making some new signs now
 and we're going to have to take this down.
 But actually they put a new five where his five was.
 So they took his down and they put a new one up there.
 So they kind of tacitly admitted that he was right
 that it should have been there.
 - He planned it for ages as well.
 Like he didn't just go in broad daylight
 just dressed as he was.
 He absolutely planned the whole thing.
 So he had his haircut.
 Not sure why, but he had his haircut.
 He bought some work clothes.
 He had a hard hat.
 He got an orange vest.
 He even made--
 - The haircut must have been
 to fit inside the hard hat, maybe.
 - Possibly.
 - He had a mohican before that, didn't he?
 - And he had his truck.
 He did a thing where, as well as making the signage
 for the actual sign itself,
 he made signage for the side of his truck
 to match the Caltrans, which is California Transports.
 The logos and so on to make it look like he was part of them.
 So he was properly planned.
 - And he's an artist, isn't he?
 - And you can tell because he clearly doesn't have a 95 job.
 - He called his piece "Guerrilla Public Service."
 And I should just say that I got this fact from a book
 called "The 99% Invisible City,
 a Field Guide to the Hidden World of Everyday Design"
 by Roman Mars.
 And it's a really awesome book
 based on the 99% Invisible Podcast.
 And it's full of loads of awesome stuff about the streets.
 And if you read it, then you walk down the street
 and you go, "Oh, you know why that's there?
 You know why that's there?
 You know why that's there?"
 It's a really cool book.
 - Oh, great.
 He's amazing, Roman Mars.
 - Yeah, we did, 99% Invisible
 did not need any extra advertising from us.
 Yay, cool stuff.
 - Not compared with the new book.
 Funny you should ask.
 It's so cool how people keep doing this around the place.
 And it's kind of all these micro banksies,
 but with particular bug bears.
 So there is a thing currently going on in Sheffield
 where people are changing noughts on street signs into queues.
 And no one really knows why they're doing this.
 - Oh, yeah.
 So there is a theory that it's to do with queue and non.
 I was wondering if it might do that.
 - Which is the insane conspiracy that the USA has run
 by Satan worshiping child sacrificing pedophiles.
 But I don't know why in Sheffield,
 people will be changing the street signs.
 This will get the word out.
 So maybe nothing to do with that.
 - One of the road based public service that people perform,
 which I think is very cool is in the Czech Republic,
 where a group of Czech nerds basically just saved
 the government $18 million.
 - What?
 - And they did this because there's this guy called
 Tomas Von Dracheck, and he is a businessman.
 He runs some tech businesses.
 And he found out that the country was about to pay $18 million
 to switch their road toll system to a digital system.
 And as someone who knows about coding and programming
 and stuff, he was really pissed off.
 He put a post on LinkedIn saying,
 "This is classic bureaucracy gone mad.
 "This task is simple enough for a group of programmers
 "to do over a weekend."
 And he just put that on LinkedIn.
 And the prime minister got in touch and was like,
 "Well, is that true?
 "And would you mind doing it?"
 And so he was like, "All right, I'll ask some friends."
 And he signed up 150 of his programmer friends.
 And over 48 hours, they got together
 and redesigned the whole Czech road system.
 And they got like meals brought to them
 by members of the public and saved the country.
 - That's awesome.
 Speaking of European road stuff and road signs,
 the big story of this year, as we all know,
 was the town of fucking,
 which is in, where is the town of?
 - Austria? - In Austria, yeah.
 And they are sick and tired of all the fucking tourists
 coming over and stealing their road signs, right?
 They really... - They're fucking road signs.
 - They're fucking road signs.
 So they decided that they were gonna change their name
 to "fugging" and they wrote it on it.
 And this has happened and the town of fucking
 is now called the town of "fugging."
 But it hasn't stopped the vandalism
 because there's been a whole load of more vandalism
 of people changing the signs back to "fugging."
 (laughing)
 - "Fugging" is objectively a funny-sounding word as well.
 And it's quite close to the original.
 They should have changed it to "gent" or something.
 - They can't change it to "gent."
 There's already a "gent." - Well, that'd be confusing.
 - Yeah, something nice sounding like "gent."
 Vienna, yeah, exactly Vienna, thank you.
 - In 2017, in China, in the province of Jiangzhou,
 a man was arrested for repainting road signs
 in order to make his commute easier.
 He was really annoyed being stuck in traffic
 in a lane on the motorway and he was caught
 on CCTV painting big white paint arrows
 to redirect all the cars in his lane
 into the lane next to it to stop the traffic.
 - That is brilliant.
 (laughing)
 But as if he would get out, paint it, get back in
 and then all the cars would go, "Whoa!"
 (laughing)
 - I couldn't work out for a long...
 When you started saying this,
 I couldn't work out how you would choose road signs
 to make your commute easier
 'cause I thought he was putting out directions for himself
 like this way, Derek, or whatever.
 (laughing)
 Which I would love to do.
 - Do you know that's a thing that exists in Los Angeles?
 This is another thing I read in that book.
 - What's that?
 - So if you live in Los Angeles, you would know about this
 but I'd never heard of it before.
 There are these road signs, rectangular yellow road signs
 that just turn up every now and then.
 And they tend to be a black arrow with some letters above it
 and some letters below and the letters below
 are kind of the inverse mirror image of the ones above.
 And what these are is their directions to movie sets
 or to TV show filming locations.
 And when you're in LA and you're filming
 in some kind of parking lot somewhere,
 you'll put these signs up.
 So all the techies will know where to go,
 all the actors will know where to go, stuff like this.
 And obviously the people in LA know what this is
 but if you're a tourist and you're kind of looking
 for celebrities and stuff, you just wouldn't know.
 You just see this sign and you think,
 "Well, it's just nonsense."
 - Also it doesn't say Batman or whatever.
 - No, but what they do is they tend to put words
 that the people in the know would know what it is.
 But the people who don't know what it is
 wouldn't know what it was.
 For instance, it would say, "Magnus Rex this way,
 Magnus Rex this way."
 And that was the Batman reboot, the Dark Knight Rises.
 So if you saw those signs, you would know
 to go to the Dark Knight Rises.
 There were signs for Rasputin.
 So you would think, "Oh, they're just doing some low budget
 Russian movie but actually it was for Iron Man 2."
 But that's got a Russian baddie in it.
 - Does it?
 - Yeah.
 - Does it?
 - So that's a very tricky clue.
 - Iron Curtain Man.
 - Brilliant, isn't he?
 - Yeah, I think that's what they actually tried calling it.
 - Well, in ancient Rome,
 they used to have names on road signs, didn't they?
 I think I read this, that yeah, you used to have,
 if you had a road sign, whoever built the road
 would have their name on it.
 So you could admire the work of this particular person
 and then it would have the name as well of the person
 who last repaired it.
 So it's sort of update on who to thank
 for the smoothness of the road.
 - It's like these toilets were last checked by signs
 that you get in publics.
 - Yeah, exactly.
 - So this is kind of about street art
 and artists mucking around with things.
 So I just thought I'd try and find out a little bit
 about Banksy and I'm here to tell you who he is.
 No, I don't know that.
 But there was a large theory that did the rounds
 that it's Neil Buchanan from Art Attack.
 If you remember that from your childhood.
 - I do.
 - He's very used to large outdoor multimedia installations.
 There's lots of good circumstantial evidence.
 It got so bad this year that he had to put
 at the top of his website an announcement saying,
 "Neil Buchanan is not Banksy.
 We have been inundated with inquiries over the weekend.
 This website does not have the infrastructure
 to answer all these inquiries individually.
 We can confirm there is no truth in the rumor whatsoever."
 - Exactly what Banksy would say.
 (all laughing)
 It's Neil.
 So the Museum of Modern Art in New York
 has had a few of these over the years.
 There was a guy called Harvey Stromberg
 who in 1971 decided he wanted an exhibition in MoMA.
 But obviously they wouldn't let him
 'cause he wasn't very famous.
 So what he did was he went in every day
 and he would take photos of a light socket
 or of a tile on the floor or of a brick on the wall.
 He would go home.
 He would print it out on his printer
 and then he would go in and stick it over
 to the exact place where he'd taken the photo from.
 Like a lot of them, they never found them
 for years and years and years.
 Whenever you put one on the floor,
 they would find it on the same day
 because they had those kind of buffing machines
 that would go around and clean the floor
 and they would find them.
 But there were some that were just over a brick on the wall
 which they didn't find for decades.
 - I'm gonna start doing that in my house
 to broken bits of wallpaper and, you know,
 rusting bath handles.
 Just take a photo of a nice bit of wallpaper,
 stick it over.
 Have you guys been about the Grammar Vigilantes?
 - No.
 - So these are people who go around correcting sign posts.
 They seem to happen in various countries.
 In Bristol, Bristol has the UK's leading grammar vigilante
 and he specialises in apostrophes.
 He began in 2003 when he saw a council sign
 which said open Mondays to Fridays
 but with apostrophes in both of those words
 which obviously is a painful experience.
 And so he invented something called the apostrophizer
 which is an eight foot long tool
 which basically has an apostrophe stamp on the end
 so that he can reach the really high signs
 and insert the apostrophe.
 And he doesn't like to do damage
 so he built his own specially made step ladder
 so it didn't have to be lent up against shops.
 - How much damage is he doing with a normal step ladder?
 You're using the step ladder wrong
 if every time you're taken away from the building
 bricks fall out of it.
 - Yeah, he's not a step ladder pro.
 - I've got a couple of things just on signs,
 general signs.
 So firstly, I found it quite amazing
 that signs played quite an important role
 during World War II in the UK
 in that there was a message that went around
 to a lot of people to remove the signs
 so that if any Germans were coming over
 they'd be confused and have no idea where to go.
 So people encouraged us to take them down
 and people would arrive, not know where they're going
 but on the flip side there was also a movement by Hitler
 to change signs around so you would send people to the rock.
 Apparently that's a thing that was attempted.
 I don't know how successful it was.
 So it must have just been very confusing driving around
 in World War II.
 - It sounds like your sauce for this is dad's army.
 - Yeah.
 - That's amazing.
 - If you are a Hitler and you've got spies on the ground
 during the Second World War,
 I would definitely want to know about troop movements
 and the state of the country's defense
 is more than misdirecting people to their local church
 or whatever the signs are for.
 - Getting a commuter lost on his way home for tea.
 Well, this is why they lost the war, Andy.
 It was definitely a sign of resistance in Norway
 when the fascists took over Norway.
 A very subtle sign of resistance was apparently
 you often gave Nazis incorrect directions
 when they asked the way for somewhere.
 That was a signal that you were on the good guy's side.
 - And they can't find their way back to you
 'cause they're lost.
 So that's actually pretty effective, yeah.
 - Have you ever given someone wrong directions
 in London, for instance, like a tourist
 and then realized afterwards that you've done it,
 you didn't do it on purpose.
 And then you realize, you think,
 "Oh, fuck, I've just sent them to the wrong place."
 That is one of the worst feelings in the world, isn't it?
 - It's bad.
 But if you suspect that they're a foreign spy,
 then it's actually nothing to do with it, yeah.
 - They were a leftover Nazi still plugging away
 80 years later.
 - Okay, it is time for fact number three,
 and that is Andy.
 - My fact is that King Edward III owned a Yeti mask.
 So, riddle me that.
 Okay, so, I've said Yeti mask.
 There is a creature in English mythology,
 which I think is kind of close,
 sort of analogous to the Yeti.
 Basically, these were things called woodwoses,
 and they were wild men who lived in the woods.
 They were big, they were not civilized,
 they were covered in hair.
 They weren't really human from all the depictions of them.
 They crop up a lot in medieval manuscripts
 and things like that.
 Normally, kind of trying to carry women off,
 and then a knight has to turn up and save the day
 and kill the woodwose.
 And in Edward III's accounts,
 they have these wardrobe accounts
 which list everything that the king bought.
 From 1348 AD, there is Capita de Woodwose,
 which is the head of a woodwose.
 In fact, before it, there is XIV,
 which is 14 of Roman numerals.
 I don't think that means he bought 14 of them.
 I really hope it was.
 - Could be, yeah. - It was that.
 Yeah, so this is a woodwose.
 - He really liked, he's from the 14th century,
 Edward III, right?
 He really enjoyed doing like tournaments
 and jousts and stuff like that.
 And according to one paper I read,
 so this is by a guy called A. Chester Beattie,
 who was like an American billionaire who became a historian.
 He reckons that Edward might have used the mask
 for one of his Christmas tournaments
 so that maybe people would be jousting
 with a woodwose head on.
 So it might have been like, you know, like the masked singer,
 where people are kind of jousting,
 but they're in masks and stuff,
 because there was also a Capita elefantum,
 a Capita virginum, a Capita leonum,
 and a Capita signorum.
 So in his wardrobe, he had an elephant head,
 a virgin's head, a lion's head, and a swan's head.
 - A virgin's head. - A virgin's head.
 - The virgin's chances in this fight
 between several wild animals.
 (laughing)
 How can you tell a virgin's head?
 I mean, the hymen's not on the head.
 What's gonna give it away?
 Just on Edward's royal wardrobe,
 he did have pretty lavish taste,
 so this might be the same year as the woodwose costume,
 but in 1337 to 38,
 the clerk of his wardrobe ordered these huge amounts
 of like cloth and yarn and full bull's hides
 and loads of gold leaf,
 and also 86 plain masks and 12 masks with long beards.
 And this was preparation for the King's Games,
 which they had every year.
 And along with that,
 they built an entire fake forest,
 so out of timber and paint and everything,
 a massive fake forest,
 and then they made loads of linen baboons,
 and they sort of dropped all these linen baboons
 into the forest,
 and they sewed the baboons into tunics
 with sort of pearls and hoes and gloves
 and caps on them and everything.
 So they were wearing the proper gear
 'cause they're in the royal household.
 And then I guess they galloped through the fake forest
 and hunted down linen baboons.
 - Oh my God, that sounds amazing.
 A lot of this was because,
 so Edward was married to Philippa of Hainult, right?
 And they were very young when they got married.
 And so there was a regency period
 where Isabella was looking after the country,
 who was Edward's mother, right?
 Isabella.
 So Isabella kept Philippa and Edward in real punery,
 like she wouldn't give them much money to do anything.
 They kind of had to live their life almost,
 not as normal people, but as normal rich people.
 But then when they became king and queen proper,
 they just really went for it.
 And Philippa of Hainult just spent so much money
 on all these incredibly lavish clothes and jewels.
 And by 1360, they owed about 16,000 pounds
 to various different clothing embroiderers
 and tailors and furriers.
 And that's a couple of million pounds in today's terms
 that they owed to these people.
 And I was reading about like one robe that she had,
 which required 952 ventures.
 And I didn't know what a ventra was.
 Apparently it's the fur that you get
 from the belly of a red squirrel.
 So they had to get 952 squirrels for this one robe.
 It's like, whoa.
 - Is the whole blaming the gray squirrels thing?
 Were they a scapegoat that these guys created
 'cause they actually caused red squirrels
 to go almost extinct?
 - Maybe, yeah.
 - He really went bust later on.
 Edward III had to pawn off the crown jewels
 so that he could raise money.
 He didn't have a, yeah.
 But he pawned off the great crown of England
 to Simon de Mirabello.
 - Wow.
 - Just one thing that he did own,
 which is quite similar to something that Dan owns,
 is he had a Yeti mug in as much as he had a silver cup
 that was decorated with Wodewozes.
 So if we're saying that there was a Yeti's,
 then he had a Yeti mug.
 - I think Dan will,
 Dan, you've been keeping a very polite diplomatic silence
 about whether they're Yetis or not.
 I'm pretty sure Dan thinks they're not Yetis.
 - They absolutely aren't Yetis, yeah.
 - It's a completely different species.
 - Completely different species.
 Before we get into me absolutely ripping Andy over that,
 just sticking on Edward III for a second,
 he's an interesting character that I hadn't heard of him
 as a king, have to say.
 Again, I'm not British,
 so he's very far back.
 - But you've heard of, you know,
 Edward's the fifth and sixth,
 presumably you knew that a third must have happened before.
 - Yeah, I've got all the other in the trilogy of Edwards,
 but I've not seen that one, unfortunately.
 - No, it went downhill actually.
 - Yeah, so it's interesting in that all of us
 are probably related to him.
 He's one of those guys where they've done a few reports
 where they say there's a 99% chance
 that if you are of British origin,
 if you were born and your family was through this period,
 you are directly related to him.
 So all of us are his great, great, great, great grandchildren,
 but also he created something that still goes on today,
 which is also connected to clothing,
 which is the chivalry Knights of the Garter.
 And the garter itself is literally a garter
 which you would wear.
 There's a story that he was at some dance
 and he was dancing with the Countess of Salisbury
 and the garter, and this is one of the stories,
 there's many stories, but the story is is that
 the garter slipped down her leg
 and everyone started laughing, but he got very furious
 and he yelled, "Shame on him who thinks ill of it,"
 about the situation.
 And that is the motto of the Knights of the Garter,
 "Shame on him who thinks ill of it."
 And that is a garter that became the code for these knights,
 which is a thing still going on today.
 In fact, there's over a thousand Knights of the Garter now,
 the thousandth of which was Prince William,
 which is a very convenient number to land on, yeah.
 - Yeah, who had to fill in those last 20?
 Was it just 20 folks wandering past?
 - Do you think that they rushed through a load
 to get to a thousand, or do you think a load of people
 weren't allowed to become for like 30 years,
 they weren't allowed to do it?
 - Yeah, interestingly, it's the two princes,
 it's Andrew and Edward,
 and then it's meant to be William next,
 but they just slipped in an MP in between,
 so there's one guy just taking up 999.
 - Genuinely at 999.
 - Anyway, Woodwosers, Andy, you fucking idiot.
 (all laughing)
 They are Yetis, then, they're the British Yeti.
 - Wow. - And this is, okay,
 this is the real thing.
 I think they may have a kind of relationship
 with the real history in that,
 obviously they're mythical, these Wordwosers,
 they're not, they don't exist,
 but after the Norman conquest,
 you did for many years,
 you got gangs of wild men living savage in the woods,
 the swamps, they were social outcasts,
 they were criminalized,
 so that is a possible origin point for this story,
 sort of wild man living in the woods.
 There are lots of medieval churches
 which have Woodwosers in their stones,
 and so there's this weird kind of relationship
 between local myth and newer Christian traditions,
 that kind of thing.
 - Well, even great scientific minds, actually,
 for a while thought that these were real,
 and they didn't think it was a separate species,
 they thought it was someone, as you say, went wild,
 became wild, had children that were wild,
 and they grew up as a sort of subspecies
 that knew nothing but the wild.
 In fact, the person who gave us the name Homo sapiens,
 he had Linnaeus, that was Linnaeus who did that,
 and one of the categories was Homo ferris,
 which was these wild people, and he was convinced,
 and that's been dropped since,
 we don't talk about his Homo ferris group,
 there's a few, but he believed that there were wolf boys,
 or feral children, that were abandoned by lost parents,
 and subsequently raised by wolves,
 that's the actual wolves, not Virginia wolf's family,
 and there's lots of legends like Romulus in Rome and Remus
 who were suckled by a she-wolf.
 - And there was a belief that they sort of naturally grew hair,
 I think, in the forest to protect themselves,
 'cause they were living the elements, wasn't there?
 - That's right, I quite like that Romulus and Remus
 were suckled by a she-wolf, because Edward III,
 who wore a woad-woose, was suckled by a she-wolf as well.
 - No, he wasn't.
 - Was he? - Yeah, that's what his mother
 was known as, the she-wolf.
 - Oh, very fair, yeah, don't ever switch a roux.
 - These tenuous links to animal themes.
 - Aw, that was a great one, Dan,
 don't let the bump around that.
 - TS Eliot would have rejected that for publication.
 - Come on.
 - You know, woad-wooses and wild men and stuff like that
 are in one very famous historical poem,
 seeing as we're talking about TS Eliot,
 and that is the 14th century romance poem,
 "Sir Gawain and the Green Knight,"
 and according to that poem,
 the woad-wooses in the UK,
 they live on the Wirral Peninsula,
 which is just outside Liverpool.
 According to this poem,
 "In the wilderness of Wirral,
 dwelt there but few,
 that God or man with good heart loved."
 And it is basically, this was such a wild west,
 wooded, crazy area,
 that this is where you would get these wild men living.
 - It's a little known fact that if the Beatles
 didn't shave meticulously every day,
 it would be covered in air from head to toe.
 The other stuff that Gawain fights
 in "Gawain and the Green Knight" is quite odd.
 So the Green Knight himself is a kind of woad-woaser
 in the, like Tolkien does a translation
 where he translates the Green Knight as being a woad-woaser,
 and they were often green men as well,
 were another mythical wild man.
 But Gawain also fights in that chivalric myth,
 Wormers, which are dragons.
 Dragons were called worms.
 - Really?
 - I think that's a huge promotion.
 We've given dragons that they were worms.
 People, worms, wolves and word-woats.
 And the reason I'm saying it weirdly
 is because every time it's spelled, it's spelled differently.
 So you can say word-a-woaz-a-ward-a-ward-a-woaz-a,
 any way you like.
 - It is when, isn't it?
 And one of the spelling is water house,
 which is where PG Woodhouse gets his name.
 - So cool. - That is amazing, isn't it?
 - PG Woodhouse has descended from Yeti's.
 - Dan, do you agree with that?
 - I do, but for different theories.
 (laughing)
 - You guys know, you do remember John Falstoff?
 We've mentioned him before, friend of the podcast.
 He was maybe the inspiration for Falstoff.
 - He was, and he was there at the Battle of Agincourt
 and stuff, and he was there when Joan of Arc came
 into Paris and all that kind of stuff.
 - Yeah, he had a big old tapestry
 with word-woaz in his hall.
 Yeah, so they were big.
 - Well, you also said they appear quite a lot
 in architecture and cathedrals and stuff.
 One example of where word-woaz, or in fact, green men,
 the sort of descendant of word-woaz appears,
 is Norwich Cathedral.
 And that is 'cause they were very common in roof bosses,
 which we know a lot about, 'cause they featured heavily
 in our last year's book of the year 2019.
 And that's why, if you remember, in Norwich Cathedral,
 they erected a helter-skelter that you could climb up
 last year so you could get a better view of the roof bosses.
 And I mentioned it 'cause I love that reference,
 who was the guy who decided to put the slide in,
 and he was inspired when he visited the Sistine Chapel,
 and the thing he thought, as he looked over the ceiling
 of the Sistine Chapel, was that Norwich Cathedral's
 decorations were every bit as wonderful,
 but just too high up to be appreciated.
 - Yes.
 The Sistine Chapel, they have recently,
 'cause it's such a pain to look up constantly.
 You get a kind of crick in your neck if you're in there
 and you're always having to, you know, crane your neck up.
 So they, I think, have just installed swings
 so that you get a really good view of that thing.
 (all laughing)
 - Oh, I was with you for so much of that.
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, it's time for our final fact of the show,
 and that is N.
 - My fact this week is that there's a single termite home
 in Brazil that's the same size as Great Britain.
 - Wow, that's astonishing.
 - It's a big home.
 It's not, I don't think a home, yeah.
 I'm gonna preempt to James.
 (all laughing)
 - Right, I wanna say it.
 - No, stop it, shut your mouth.
 It's not a single termite.
 It's a single home, but it is more than one termite
 living there.
 - Since the kids of left were rattling around the place,
 it's the size of Great Britain,
 and I'm the size of a grain of rice.
 - The bedroom tax has taken it as tall on these termites.
 - This is just incredible.
 It was only confirmed a couple of years ago,
 only sort of discovered a couple of years ago
 when they've been clearing this pasture in Brazil
 for agriculture and stuff for 20 or 30 years,
 and people started noticing there were a lot of mounds around,
 and eventually, 2018,
 someone decided to do a proper study of it
 and survey of it.
 They realized there are 200 million termite mounds.
 These piles of excavated termite dirt
 spread across something the size of Great Britain.
 So all across Brazil, and no one had really noticed before,
 'cause then the people who lived there knew
 that there were these termite mounds kind of scattered about.
 - It wasn't that a scientist came along,
 and he went, "What are these massive mounds doing?"
 They went, "What? Oh my God."
 (laughing)
 - It wasn't quite that.
 - Because their termite mounds are quite solid,
 they would just build their houses around them,
 wouldn't they?
 They would, you know, they'd be in your garden,
 and you'd like turn it into a barbecue or something,
 or you sit on-- - Slides.
 - You could put a slide down it for their kids.
 - Yeah. - Yeah.
 - It's amazing as well, isn't it?
 Because it's a single termite species
 that's been working on this,
 and they've looked into the amount of soil
 that they've managed to excavate
 that sits on top of the earth,
 and they say that it's equivalent
 to 4,000 Great Pyramids of Giza.
 It's the amount that they've managed in all these years.
 - Amazing. - Yeah.
 - It's extraordinary.
 - And some of them are as old as the pyramids,
 so all of these are at least 700 years old,
 give or take, a few years,
 and they're up to 3,800 years old,
 and that's just from the 11
 that they've properly studied the age of so far.
 So some of them could be way older than that,
 but that is roughly the age of a lot of pyramids.
 - Yeah, no, they've said it,
 that's actually the minimum estimate of their range,
 and it's like 4,000 years old is the minimum.
 It might be twice as old as that
 from what they've studied so far.
 And like you say, it is one family,
 'cause they thought that it must be
 lots of different species of termites that are rivals,
 but they took a bunch of termites from one pile of dirt
 and then put them with a bunch of termites from another,
 and you'd expect them to always fight,
 and they got along like family, like a happy family.
 And so they basically proved that this is just one home,
 one family house. - So cool.
 Do you know how they found out how old they are?
 This is quite cool.
 What they did was they dug into the bottom
 of one of these piles of earth,
 and they took out a little bit of earth,
 and there's a technique which is really complicated,
 so I won't go into it,
 but you can kind of fire lasers at this earth
 and look at what happens to the electrons,
 and you work out the last time that it was exposed to sunlight.
 So they can just work.
 It's so clever.
 It's like carbon dating,
 but for things that have not been alive,
 and you just fire your little lasers at it,
 and it'll tell you when the last time it was in the sun.
 - Oh, that's so cool. - It's so clever.
 - We're so clever.
 We're here talking about how clever these termites are,
 but look at us, kicking ass.
 - When we say we, it is the scientist,
 because when I say it's complicated,
 I don't wanna go into it.
 Partly it's because I don't really understand it.
 (laughing)
 - We can take credit.
 I bet there were just two termite architects
 that built this whole thing,
 but the rest of the termites are going,
 "God, we're impressive, aren't we?"
 - That's right, yeah.
 - You take credit for your species.
 - But they're not even proper mounds
 like other termites built.
 So some termites build sort of chimneys or ventilation things.
 These were just described by the scientists
 who worked on this project as slag piles,
 because they live underground.
 All it is is they're making space
 for their chambers underground,
 so they make a vertical hole to the surface,
 and then they just chuck the soil out of those holes,
 and over time that builds up into, however tall these are,
 two meters, two and a half meters.
 I mean, imagine what's underground,
 this huge cathedral space that they emptied out.
 - Yeah, and they were first discovered by a few scientists,
 but one in particular, a guy called Stephen Martin,
 who's an entomologist at the University of Salthard,
 and he doesn't even care about termites.
 He is an expert in giant killer hornets.
 - Is it me?
 - The things that actually we should just call
 giant hornets these days, just big old hornets.
 We're not supposed to call them killer hornets.
 - Murder hornets.
 - Murder hornets, we're not supposed to say that.
 But he's an expert in those guys,
 and he was in Brazil looking for some bees,
 because he wanted to see how the bees
 were getting on in Brazil,
 and then as he was going down the road,
 he was like, wait a minute, what are those?
 What are those things, and why are they so regular,
 and why are they in like a pattern?
 And that was when they worked out
 that it was all this same species.
 - Actually, it's worth saying,
 I don't know if this has been mentioned,
 or even if it's assumed by the listener,
 but they're still building these mounds.
 This is an active house.
 It's not dead, it's not like a fossilized,
 old abandoned Great Britain.
 It's an active thing.
 - Yeah.
 - It's an extraordinary house, it's a Great Britain, sorry.
 - Not enough there, are they, Andy?
 - No, no, no.
 - So termites are pretty incredible,
 and possibly the most incredible termite
 is the queen.
 So they've got a queen-based structure,
 like bees and other species.
 - And England.
 - And England, and much like in England,
 the termite queen is the only fertile member.
 And so she is super fertile, the termite, I mean,
 and she basically spends her entire life
 incessantly mating.
 So she chooses a male to mate with,
 and then she spends the subsequent 15 to 20,
 sometimes years, constantly shagging him,
 and she'll make one egg every three seconds.
 So in her lifetime,
 she makes over a quarter of a billion eggs,
 it's constantly producing them.
 - Is there a king termite that produces all the mating?
 - There's a king termite,
 and what's quite funny about them
 is that she's about a hundred times bigger than he is,
 and than anyone else in the colony.
 So he's this microscopic thing, she's next to him,
 and the reason she's so large
 is because she is one giant ovary.
 And do please look on YouTube
 at the picture of a queen termite with eggs inside her.
 So she's like this big, pulsating, transparent lump
 that's full of eggs,
 and you can see the eggs bubbling
 and moving around inside her under her surface.
 And yeah, she can't move.
 So it's awful being the queen because you're stuck.
 She can't fit out of the door of her enclosure anymore.
 She can't move at all.
 So she depends totally on members of her colony
 to wash her, to feed her, to lick this weird sweat off her.
 She's just stuck.
 - Is this still the termite queen we're talking about?
 - I'm just gonna leave that ambiguous.
 - Scandal.
 - But the door thing seems to be a bit of a mystery
 'cause if you've got a house the size of Great Britain,
 you'd think you could make the doors a bit bigger
 to fit your leader out of.
 What's going on there?
 - That's a good point.
 Termites usually have quite small doors.
 They have like termite-sized doors.
 - Indeed.
 - She doesn't wanna go anywhere either.
 I mean, she's attached to this huge body of,
 her legs are tiny compared with the breeding mass of her.
 - Yeah, if you gave her a big door,
 it would actually just be horrifying for her
 knowing she couldn't even get through it
 'cause she can't move.
 - So they're tricking her, they're basically saying,
 "Oh, you could go everywhere, but the doors are too small."
 What a shame, so she never knows.
 - The door thing is quite important in termites
 because a lot of them can't really defend themselves very well.
 They can do a little bit of squirting,
 horrible stuff out of their anus,
 but there's not really much they can do if they're attacked.
 And so usually what they'll do is like a few different insects,
 they'll come back into their door and then use their head
 as a block to stop anything else from coming into the door.
 And so basically then anything coming in
 will have to get past that one door head
 and then another door head would go into their place
 and then that stops anyone from getting into their tunnels.
 And that is interesting as well because in 2018, in Japan,
 they found the first all-female termite colonies
 where all of the termites,
 usually you would have kings and you would have lots
 of male soldiers and stuff like that and male workers,
 but this one is all females.
 And the reason that they think it works
 is that their males are lots of different sizes,
 but the females are all exactly the same size.
 And so they can have a head
 which will exactly fit in the door every single time.
 And you're not sometimes going to have someone
 whose head's a bit too big or a bit too small.
 And so by just having females in this colony,
 it means that they have less chance of being attacked,
 which makes up for the lack of genetic change
 that you kind of need males and females for.
 - So it's kind of interesting. - Nice.
 - That's really cool.
 - It's like they're the IKEA door blockers, you know?
 It's just like made to very basic specifications.
 It's all the same, it's going to fit together.
 - Smart.
 - We do take advice from termites on building these days.
 So they are particularly good at ventilation,
 which is something that we are quite bad at
 because the amount that ventilation costs the atmosphere
 and greenhouse gas emissions, et cetera, is so massive.
 So we're now building buildings
 that are inspired by their ventilation systems.
 There's this place in Zimbabwe,
 which was the first massive building,
 it's a big shopping center called the Eastgate Center
 and Office Block, inspired by termite systems.
 And what they do is they have this system
 of opening and closing doors that they're constantly tending to
 to make sure that air comes in the right places,
 moves up through the termite mound
 so that it's heated in the right places,
 it's cooled in the right places.
 'Cause it needs to be at one precise temperature
 the whole time on the inside for them to be able to survive.
 So yeah, and they make the reason that they work so well
 is the termite mounds catch the wind,
 so it blows through them.
 So a mound is like a lung and the wind comes in to them
 and then is absorbed by the various bits,
 the cells that need it and then goes out.
 - If you want to go into this shopping center,
 there's a security guard with his head blocking the door.
 - Yeah, always female though.
 Yeah, that's amazing.
 And another good thing, because they're ventilated so well,
 they make really good ovens.
 So in South Africa, you'll get people
 where they'll take a termite mound
 and they'll kind of drill a little hole,
 make the door a little bit bigger.
 Hopefully it's the termite mound
 where all the termites aren't there anymore, I hope.
 But they'll set a little fire inside
 and then the air will be sucked in through the door
 and then go up through the top of the termite mound
 because it's so well ventilated.
 - Brilliant.
 - And it means that you can cook like pizza in there
 or anything that needs a high temperature, you cook in there.
 - Do they warn the termites like a demolition order?
 Do they put a sign up saying in three weeks time,
 this will be turned into an oven,
 please vacate your home?
 - I'm just hoping that they're old ones.
 - You don't have any ashes of termites on your pizza
 as you're taking it out of the oven, do you?
 - Maybe it's a delicacy.
 - Well, people do eat termites, don't they?
 They're infused into muffins in certain countries.
 - Really?
 - Yeah, so it's possible that termite pizza is a thing.
 - Yeah.
 - Do you know how they transfer water across their mounds?
 So sometimes a bit of the mound gets really dry
 and it needs moistening lubrication.
 This is so cool.
 They drink half their body weight in water.
 They go to a dry part of the mound
 and then they pass it into another termite's mouth.
 It's basically-
 - All the water?
 - All the water, yeah, yeah.
 And there's a scientist called J. Scott Turner
 who fed them fluorescent dyed water
 and could see it moving from one termite to another.
 So basically it's like it's as if a bucket chain
 to put out a fire was people just, you know,
 pushing the water into each other's mouths.
 - It's not very COVID friendly, is it?
 - It's not very COVID friendly,
 but it would make firefighting a much sexier profession
 than it already is.
 - Is it, wait, so is it to make sure that-
 - Would it?
 (laughing)
 - Sorry?
 - Yeah.
 - I think it would make it a much less effective profession
 because every time you would swallow a little bit
 of the water and by the time it got to the final fireman,
 it would just be a little dribble coming out of as well.
 - You'd obviously hire people with enormous mouths
 to hold as much water as they could.
 So the physical profile of the firefighter might change.
 I'm not suggesting a change in the system.
 I'm sorry, I'd just like to clarify.
 - Is this to-
 - As you see your house being burnt down,
 why not at least have something sexy to look at
 while you're watching your life get destroyed?
 I get it, I get that.
 - Is this to moisten the other side then
 or is this to give a drink to the people on the other side?
 - It's to moisten the other side.
 So it's sort of, it's, but they then go and, you know,
 spit the water out on the actual mound itself.
 - That's incredible.
 - Yeah.
 - They never sleep as well.
 Turmites don't sleep.
 - Really?
 - Yeah, they're just building 24 hours a day until they die.
 - Do they rest?
 Do they have like a nap?
 Or not even-
 - They must have downtime, yeah.
 - Yeah, downtime, exactly.
 - They might play the Xbox for a little while.
 - In fact, I think I've read that they normally,
 like Dan says, they're just all active,
 but if they run out of holes to fill,
 they just stand around touching each other's antennae.
 So that might be their equivalent of downtime.
 - Well, the Queen rests a lot, rests her entire life.
 And then her life ends really tragically
 because her children lick her to death.
 She sort of, she dies in the same sort of tragic way
 that she lives.
 She stops being useful, stops laying eggs.
 And so her kids like lick and lick and lick her,
 drawing all the fat and fluids out of her.
 And she just disintegrates away.
 - God.
 - Yeah.
 - That's another sexy image for you, Loretta.
 (laughing)
 (upbeat music)
 Okay, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we've said over the course
 of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland.
 Andy.
 - @AndrewHunterM.
 - James.
 - @JamesHarken.
 - And Anna.
 - You can email podcast.qr.com.
 - Yeah, where you can go to our group account,
 which is @NoSuchThing or our website,
 NoSuchThingIsAfish.com.
 All of our previous episodes are up there.
 Do check it out.
 And that's it.
 We'll be back again next week with another episode.
 We will see you then.
 Goodbye.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
