 Hi everyone, James here at Merry Christmas. This is our Christmas special and what it is,
 it's a compilation of all the best bits of the first half of our live TV show.
 So what we did is we asked the audience to bring in their facts and we read them out and we
 talked about them. Hopefully you'll enjoy it. The audio is a little bit sketchy because it's made
 of five or six different episodes but we hope it's really good. And if you haven't got everyone
 there present yet then why not run out to the bookshop now and buy one, three, four, two,
 cue our facts to leave you flabbergasted, a perfect stocking filler for that one person who you
 can't think of anything else to buy them. Okay, on with the show.
 [Music]
 Please welcome to stage its anichesensky James Harkin and Andrew Hunter Murray. [Applause]
 Hi everyone. So you guys have sent in your facts. We have a prize which is here which is one of our
 no such thing as a fish t-shirt. Very exciting. And so we're going to read them out now. Do you
 guys want to start with one? Okay, what have I got? Oh yeah, I like this one so it's about
 soon and now and it's from Alex. Hello, thank you very much Alex. Okay, so the fact is the word soon
 used to mean right now but people would misuse it and so it came to mean in a bit.
 Because maybe people started saying soon to mean right now but then they were a bit delayed on their way
 and so they got to the place and then someone said oh they must have meant in a bit.
 Yeah, that's how language it rolls. Can I read another one here? Yeah, yeah go ahead. I just read this and this
 seems, well I actually don't believe it. So Karen, where are you? Karen's favourite fact.
 Karen, you better be right about this. According to Karen.
 The numplate of the car in which Fransford and Ann was shot is the date that World War One ended.
 Do you know what that, how exact to date is 18 or is it literally 11/11/18?
 I've got a picture of the car. Okay. And this is esusicsworldwarone.org.uk and it says, did you
 know the Arschteuk's number plate reads A111-118? So that could be 11/11/18.
 Karen, I take it all back. One thing I know about Fransford and Ann is that
 they used to sew him into his clothes. Oh really? And so when he was shot they couldn't really
 loosen his clothes because obviously he was like sewn into them and that was perhaps one of
 the reasons why he died because they couldn't get the bullet out. Mainly the shooting thing, but
 that's not a layer 100% of the blame for the clothes. He was shot essentially by incredibly bad luck.
 Wasn't here in the end because they missed him and then I think this is trying to get another
 person I can't say. They missed him and then they gave up and all the people who'd plotted to
 assassinate him were arrested and sent away except there's one guy who went to buy a bagel somewhere
 else in town and he stepped out and I think he was holding a sandwich in one hand as Fransford and
 and his wife went past the car broke down. Oh yeah. He stood there with the bagel and the car just
 stopped because he thought that it was going in a completely different direction and then I'm
 pretty sure there might be a historian in here. He then tried to kill himself. The bullet ricocheted
 into Fransford and failed at about six times because he jumped into a river. So he jumped over a
 bridge and he thought this will kill me. I'll drown. It didn't and the river was only about that
 high so he ended up breaking his legs and he took a cyanide pill but it was old so he ended up
 vomiting and then before the police got there all the locals got there and started beating him up.
 He was soaked with broken legs with vomit coming out from a fake side by getting his ass kicked
 by locals. It was a terrible end to a- Was that one of the- I think I was one of the other guys,
 wasn't it? I was a kid. He was tied and failed. So the main guy needed to do the little principle.
 Yes. I've been to that bridge actually and my memory is that that river was a bit deeper than
 that. Well, is it ready historians in? Who know that story? No? Okay, well we'll go with it then.
 We'll believe it. And I go all that by the way from a Benelton novel so I'm not sure.
 And in that, Fransford has killed by a time traveller. So I've got one here from Harrison Fleming.
 Harrison Fleming. There we go. Australian bush rangers, brackets outlaws, would put their horses
 shoes on their horses backwards so that their traps would appear to be going in the opposite direction.
 Isn't that cool? And I like that because apparently that's what Yeti's doing. Oh, I knew you was going to say.
 They take their feet off and they put them on the other way round. So when you think they've
 gone that way, they've busted loose that way. Yeah. And that's the only reason we've never seen
 them, is that right? According to the park ranger, the Yeti Parky says they can turn themselves invisible.
 That's the Yeti Parky and Brutal. Yes. Did you go to it? You've been to Brutal. I've been to Brutal but
 I didn't go to the Yeti Park. Maybe it did. Well, time for his country. Or has a happiness minister
 doesn't it? Yeah. I mean, they show you round and you only see the bits that they want you to see.
 So it seems like a very happy country. So maybe the happiness minister is just focusing on those parts
 for now. We did do this on the podcast but it got rejected which is that, according to Poland's
 only officially registered ghost hunter, the ghosts in Poland are now going on strike. And the
 reason they're going on strike is they're sick of our skepticism towards them. So they've said,
 they said to him, if you're going to have that attitude, we're not going to bother haunting you
 anymore. But isn't that a good... Oh, none of the crockery is broken. That's a good thing, isn't it?
 I don't know. The walls aren't covered in nectar plants.
 Not for the ghost hunter. They'll have to start breeding them. Ghosts? Yeah.
 There's not just killing people.
 So I've got a fact here from Emily and Alan, a joint effort for those guys.
 Hi. Is it just you's Emily, like on the other side of the room? If you had a bite,
 and this is that, the US military bled AC/DC music at General Noriega's, who was a 1980s dictator in
 Panamorsany, at General Noriega's compound in Panama for two days continuously to remove him,
 and he surrendered as a result.
 That's not fair. I think that's... Yeah, it depends which album you...
 Now you won't believe this, but Andy knows every single AC/DC album and that's all he listens to at
 the office. No, I've got six. I'll tell you what though, after the second one, they start getting
 pretty repetitive. Let's do one more from your side too. Sure. Okay, well I have one here. It's
 got a really nice picture on, so that's the reason I'm reading it, by Amy Eastpop. Oh, hello.
 It is that symptoms of the asthma can be treated with a rollercoaster ride, and there's a nice
 picture of someone on a rollercoaster. Those are rollercoasters and not pure gold stones as well.
 They said this way, yeah. Do they cure everything? So someone did a study... Kidney stones maybe.
 Yeah, they took fake kidneys onto rollercoasters, and they put stones into them, and then the stones
 would kind of work their way out of these fake kidneys, and it happened more if you're at the back
 of their rollercoaster than at the front. But doesn't it matter how they work their way out,
 because they haven't put a person who feels actual pain around the fake kidney? So if they're working
 their way out through your spinal cord, that is the viable solution to kidney stones.
 That's true. Shall we carry out? Yeah, you go. This is from Anna Martinez.
 Oh, hello Anna. And it's got a citation as well, which is why I like it.
 It's from nature, from May 2007, even the month. Viagra is excellent cure for jet lag in hamsters.
 Do they find that out by chance? Oh, he's been at the Viagra again.
 He seems very perky. It's fine if I was flying back from Singapore.
 Wait, so I didn't know animals jet lag. Oh yeah, they do even plan skit jet lag.
 Plan skit jet lag. I think they've tried it in bacteria jet lag. I've seen to remember.
 Yeah. What about rocks? Yeah. Anything else? Oh, I got a good fact. It's more of a quiz question.
 According to Steven Spielberg, this is just talking about plants and rocks and animals.
 According to Steven Spielberg, what is ET? Is he, so ET the extraterrestrial,
 is he a plant, a rock, or an animal? I would just say an animal. A rock? He's a plant. He's a
 bullet. He's a plant. He's a plant. He comes from a plant and his job is a biologist. Yeah, yeah,
 because I read I read the sequel to ET, which is the story. I didn't read the actual book.
 I read the review on Amazon, which says, right at the end, it's written by William Cosnicol and
 William Cosnicol wrote the original novel of the movie, so they're like the screen adapted novel.
 And the review ends by saying, I hope there's a future sequel in the trilogy of what should be
 a trilogy of ET because there were so many unanswered questions left at the end of this second book.
 For example, what happens to the turnip ship when it goes into the multi-dimensional wormhole?
 So spoiler alert for the end of the novel ET part two. Okay, Anna, do you got one?
 Yeah, so this is another one. This one's about Sean Connery. Sean Connery was once pulled over and
 fined by a British officer for disaster speeding. It looks like speeding, but I assume speeding.
 What are the odds? It would be the word species. It could be how Sean Connery pronounced his
 spitting was anyway. The officer's name was Sergeant James Bond. No. That didn't have a citation,
 actually. All right, I got another one, which is that, so I'll read the facts and we can find out
 who it is, who sent in an afterwards. Wolfsburg Football Club's longest-serving manager,
 what a slash is called Wolfgang Wolf. That's incredible.
 It's very good. Who was that? What's your name? James. I know some of the funny football names.
 Yeah, yeah. There was one guy you played for Chelsea called Naughty, Naughty.
 And do you remember that guy? He was a goalkeeper for Australia when England
 beat Australia 8-1 or something. I think it was called Norman Conquest. I've got a football
 fact here, which is about a Swiss football team. I don't want to give it away. Who's it from?
 Michael. So this is the fact that Swiss football team young boys play at Wankdorf Stadium.
 Very good fact. I've got another one here. This is from Katie Clark. Where are you Katie?
 OK. OK, so the flag that flies over Big Ben, over the houses of Parliament,
 is the same size as Wimbledon Centre Court. That's a big ass flag. That is huge.
 You're not thinking table tennis. I was walking past it the other day and I did think
 what an unusually large flag it was. I genuinely did. And I was walking past Wimbledon thinking,
 what a small tennis club. It's from Mark. Is it Mark? It's drawing. No fact, just a nice picture of you all.
 Anyway. Mark's thought outside the box. It's an interesting choice for the fact to read out.
 It's not that read out friendly. There's one person in a tie which is Dan. There's one with
 big hair which is James. This one has got the woman's hair which is you. Completely neutral
 stick bag. It's a really good lightness. I got a fact here. This is the reason that scuba divers
 roll out of the boat backwards is that if they rolled forwards they would fall into the boat.
 And that was sent in by two people.
 Exact wording. Sam Brighton. Yeah. Sam Barton and Ellen Crane. Are you two together?
 Oh okay. Two cheeky ones. All right. So I read out an actual fact.
 Yeah. Okay. This is from Ben and it is that major league baseball umpires are required to
 wear black underwear in case they turn their trousers. Oh. My favourite fact about baseball is about
 Clarence Bleckin. Do you remember that one? He was sliding into fourth base once in 1920 and he
 bit himself on his own ass. I think he had to be taken out of the game. You're going to have to explain
 that. He was very flexible. He had false teeth and they fell out. I really like there was
 um Lou Garrig, very famous baseball player, more famous now so for the Lou Garrig's disease.
 So I was reading a Stephen Hawking biography and at the top they mentioned Lou Garrig's disease
 and then there's a little footnote that says recent research has shown that Lou Garrig didn't in fact
 die from Lou Garrig's disease. He died from something very similar to Lou Garrig's disease.
 So he's got a disease named after him that wasn't what he had. Just one more baseball.
 Yeah. Yeah. See the Cubs have got to their major league to the um to the finals this time.
 Oh you know the big deal isn't it? 75 years or something. But when I was reading about that I heard
 about a guy called Joe Sprintz and in 1939 he tried to break the record for the highest that anyone
 had dropped a baseball that he could catch it and so he got a blimp to go up 800 feet and they dropped
 a baseball down. He had a glove and it came down and it caught him in the glove, hit him in the face
 and it broke his nose and he lost five teeth. I'm worse still he dropped the ball.
 So this is from David. It's about rocking chair. Oh hi um so this is that when the world's largest
 rocking chair was built. It was immediately welded to the ground because the sight of it rocking
 in the wind terrified the locals. Very good. That's amazing. Sorry next time. I've got one. Yep.
 It's about Adam and who's that from? Oh what's your name? I'm Steven. Steven hello. So it's about
 Adam and we all know Adam and don't we? Yeah music person? Yeah famed 80s music person Adam and
 Adam and used to walk Paul McCartney's dog because Adam and his mum was his cleaner and he helped with
 the dog walking. I go on here which is that the Kakapo parrot is an endangered species of parrot.
 It evolved out of being able to fly so can't fly anymore. However they have forgotten that they
 can't fly and that's true. They know that they can fly but they don't try it on the ground. They
 climb up trees. They go to the end of branches and go I'll have my fly now and and they plummet to
 the ground and it's killing them. Yeah they're endangered now so they're trying to stop them. They're
 trying to go you can't fly and on top of that that's not on here but they also have this thing where
 and this was in there's a very famous Douglas Adams book called Last Chance to See and he talks
 about how Kakapo parrots have a mating call that when they when they do their mating call
 it's really deep so deep it's kind of like the base of a stereo system so it's just this
 kind of noise. Now the problem with the base of a stereo system is the point is if you put it in
 your room no matter where it's playing from you can't find the source that's meant to be the the
 idea of it surround sound. So their mating call gets them nowhere because the female parrot is like
 where are and so she can never find the Kakapo. That reminds me a bit of do you remember that story
 about lesbian sheep? So it's like the rape on a time story. No so and there are lesbian sheep and the
 thing is if you're a female sheep and you want to mate what you do is you stand perfectly still and
 wait for the male to come and mount you and so when you've got two lesbians sheep and they both
 stand perfectly still and so the both kind of stood there looking at each other. Are you going to go
 or am I? That's amazing. So that bird fact did anyone see the documentary this week which showed
 that kind of seabird and I can't remember what it is it's like a little puffing that lives at the
 top of a cliff and it rears they rear one young one youth every year and then as soon as the youth
 is ready they push it off the cliff really really high and it has to stick its wings out and try to
 hit the sea but the sea isn't directly below it the sea is about 150 meters away from the cliff.
 And it's unbelievably far they're unbelievably high and there are loads of wolves waiting to
 eat the sea and you're just most of them just they go they don't quite and they just do slow motion
 filming are they going to make it a motion don't they hit the ground they tumble over and then
 their wolves come out. Imagine being that wolf though that was pretty good. So if I'm just looking
 up with your mouth. Anna have you got another one? Yeah sure and this is that switch one do I like
 it. Okay I don't know who's the missing is I don't know anything about it but when the ancient
 Romans deployed lions against Germanic tribes the tribesmen simply assumed they were large dogs.
 I don't believe that. I always it feels like really an instinctive fear when you see it.
 I can't imagine even if I'd never seen them going yeah it just looks like straight as panel it feels like
 you probably would get scared of it the first time it turned you into a ghost you probably
 Andy of you Andy? I do like this one John Lakeri's father once seduced a woman on a night train by
 claiming to be John Lakeri. How do you pretend to be him though? We would have known all the relevant
 stuff about his childhood I suppose. Yeah but you could just make that no one knows John Lakeri
 well enough that they'd be like oh yeah I knew about his butterfly obsession when he like no one
 knows anything he's a spy the guy's a spy. Here's another one in 1996 two neighbours in Devon
 spent a year hooting at owls on a where they were actually hooting at each other.
 I was really really good story yesterday about this is from like 10 years ago in Iceland there was
 a lady who who was with this big party and she got changed she just went off and got changed and when
 she got changed no one recognised her and thought that the woman that was she was before in the other
 clothing had gone missing so they sent out a huge day-long search party in order to look for this
 lady and the lady herself was in the search party going what did she look like again? Yeah I'll help
 out and then they worked out it with her just some different clothing. Since you mentioned birds my
 favourite thing about birds this week that came out is that they just found out that swifts can stay
 in the air without touching the ground or a tree for ten whole months without touching down one
 single time it's not incredible and we don't know how they're sleeping or eating but they're mating
 and eating in the air aren't they? They are eating in the air are they mating? I thought it was pre-breeding
 season and then maybe they do a little bit. Oh I think they do a bit. Yeah. Yeah we think they've
 seen that they gain altitude at dusk at bedtime and we think maybe they do this so that then they
 can go to sleep and then they just gradually descend and by morning when they wake up they just wake
 up and time on to the ground. There may be sleep like on a cloud because that's quite fluffy.
 Okay this is about a place in Canada called Church Hill. Who's this that from? Oh hello what's your name?
 Clint? I'm going to call you Clint. Was it Clint? Clint? Clint? Clint? KLIM like that. Okay well
 actually I've just noticed your name is on this. So this is from Clint and people in Church Hill
 Canada leave their car doors unlocked in case neighbors need to make a quick escape from polar bears.
 What? That's good that isn't it. I thought because people always say that people think how to leave
 their house doors unlocked because they're so friendly. They're not friendly. That is terrified.
 Another thing you don't get there is donuts right? Oh yeah. You still kind of do have some
 donuts but if you make a new building in Vancouver you're not supposed to put donuts on it and that's
 so that old people who've got arthritis will be able to use levers instead of knobs. Yeah? That's
 or also polar bears will be able to use it. Okay this is a fact from Alex about oxymorons. It's that
 oxy is Greek for sharp. Moron is Greek for dull. Oxymoron is an oxymoron.
 That's pretty good. I can't really wouldn't know that. We got just on words. We got sent in because we
 asked people on Twitter as well to send in some facts and I really like this. This is from someone
 called @StrayGym and you said during the 1914 Christmas truce, Germans put up a sign facing the
 British truce saying got mit unz. Effectively God with us. The British responded by erecting a
 sign facing the Germans saying we got mit unz tool. How's it going nice? How do they get across the
 slightly offensive German accent in sign form? We got a fact here about Fiji and their declaration of
 independence. Who was that? Yeah what's your name? Joe. So this is Joe's fact. In 2010 Fiji lost their
 declaration of independence and had to ask Britain for a photocopy. Let's do a few more.
 Yeah so this is about pistachios. Is that your name? Or are you just a foul of pistachios?
 Lucy. So this is a Lucy about pistachios and this is the fact that if too many pistachios are
 shipped in the same container, they will self eat and spontaneously combust. Is that true? Yeah,
 is it? Could we try it? Yeah. Do you remember ages ago? I said this on the podcast and then
 everyone was like it can't be true and it's definitely true and then we found out it definitely
 wasn't true. But I was told it by Ash. She's up there in the corner. Ash is the singer and composer
 of our theme tune. This is Emperor Yess, Wasp sash and he told me and I used it on the show. It's
 like that's amazing that when you're bringing sparkling water overseas from somewhere before you
 take the sparkling water into a boat, you have to remove all the bubbles because it'll explode
 on the other side or it will go un-fizzy. So what they do is they take out all the bubbles
 and then they ship the water out and then on the other side they put the same bubbles back in.
 It's the same. It's the fact that it's the same bubbles that makes it impossible.
 It's got to be the same ones. We've got bubbles. Yeah, and then I told Ash I was like after we found
 out that it wasn't real, which like there's no even way to Google. It's not the same thing. I was
 like, Ash, it's like that wasn't real and he was like, yeah, I know I found it wasn't real ages ago,
 yeah. That was the same episode when you said that if you have water which you can't drink,
 you can feed it to a camel and it vomits it out and then it'll be completely drinkable.
 And I still stand behind that back. I'm pretty sure an explorer wrote into us and said,
 I'll do you mock at you. I wrote you. Are you wrote into it?
 I am an explorer of sorts. Yeah, I found in a book. It was like a 19th century explorer's book
 and he said a good way to treat dehydration is to drink the vomit of a camel. So I mean it was
 obviously nonsense at the time but I think people have believed it for a while. I'd definitely
 remember reading a reference. But that's for dehydration and not for poison.
 I'm no sorry it was about a sorry it was for poison. It was a toxin thing, yeah.
 So it's the jury's out on whether if you dehydrated you should drink camel vomit. It's got liquid content.
 Why are we all being so squeamish about this?
 That fact actually reminds me of bees. I think bees air condition themselves by spitting inside
 of their hives, don't they? So that it creates like a nice bit of condensation which calls
 them down in summer. They spit on each other's faces to call each other. So why you've been doing
 that to me? No. Okay. Turkey Vultures we down their own legs to call themselves Stone.
 Which is why I've been doing that. This is actually sorry but you've mentioned Vultures. This is
 one of my favourite facts I found on this series of QI we just research which is the reason the
 Vultures have their necks, they don't have fur on their necks is because it's quite hard for them
 to scavenge actually because it's quite hard to get into the body of a dead animal. So if there's
 not an open wound then they find the easiest orifice to enter through and so they either go in through
 the eyeballs of you know your dead deer all they just go straight up the arse and the reason
 that they they have that little bear bit is so they don't pull their heads out covered in feces
 from the animal that they've been scavenging inside. They do and they'll cover in feces but it doesn't
 kind of stick there because they don't have all the feathers. Yeah yeah yeah it's easier to remove
 just to clarify that. Wait so that's literally why they've evolved like that so they don't get the
 rest of their body covered in shit but their head is... Well they don't usually need to crawl up
 entirely inside the animal usually just the neck is enough. I know but it's just odd that they haven't
 worked out how to eat something else so they've just thought well let's just lose all the feathers
 here and then we can keep getting shit all over our heads. This is about German international
 development agencies. Ah who is that? Joe hi Joe. I pretty much already read all of it. The German
 international development agency is called Chiz. It's called GIZ and then Open brackets Giz.
 Is GIZ that an acronym? Yeah but you you do call it Giz. Great.
 Andy have you if you got one? Yes. Mine is also about German and about squirrels
 anybody? Hello what's your name? Ed. Hello. Ed's back to his. The German word for squirrel literally
 means oak croissant. Icon hind yeah can we get some verification from the back? No. They've left.
 Citation needed I think. This one's about kangaroos and it's got a drawing on it. Is that ring a bell
 with anybody? Hello. Oh right at the back. What's your name? Clint.
 Lewis. There's facts from Lewis and it's I'm going to read it out verbatim. My fact is rubbish but I
 didn't Google it. Brackets for shame on you Googlers. Then we get to the meter the master.
 A kangaroo licks its arms to stay cool and then there's a drawing of a kangaroo
 licking its arms. It's really good. That's great. Don't they pose with their biceps when they're
 trying to pick up lady kangaroos? Yeah there's all these photos of kangaroos are like oh
 do you want me to get that? Like genuinely bicep. That's sort of bodybuilding. They also very
 famously have three vaginas don't they? Yes. Very famously within the QI office. It's not in the
 Australian national anthem isn't it? Speaking of things which have three vaginas. No wait a minute
 no. Are you going to say what I think you're going to say? I think I know. She doesn't have
 three vaginas. No. But do you want us to you talk about it? So a kangaroo has three vaginas which
 means it has two wombs because it has two extra kind of bits that go out to a womb and does anyone
 know some body else who has two wombs? James found this out just today and he can't stop. I want
 to use it. I wanted to use it for the show but they wouldn't let me. Mary Berry. Mary Berry has two
 wombs. As two and three vaginas. That's no way to speak about Melonsou and Paul Hollywood.
 [Music]
