 [music]
 Hi everyone, welcome to another episode of Little Fish, the show when we look at your amazing
 facts that you've been sending to podcast@QI.com and he has whittled them away to the very,
 very cream of the crop and then we pick out the plums, mix all our metaphors and just chat about facts.
 So who's got a fact? I've got one to kick off. Yeah, this is a fun one. This comes from Daniel
 Hamer and it's about the island of Kiribas. Yeah. Oh yeah. Islander Islands. It's Islands. The Islands.
 Apologies. It's starting with an apology now. I'm sorry to the people on the other islands of
 Kiribas apart from the big one, which is the one I was thinking of. Okay. Daniel's Fact is the word for
 dog in Kiribas is Kamea, right? Okay. And that is because it's a bastardisation of English derived
 from the time dogs were introduced to the English and locals heard the English calling to the dogs. Kamea!
 Kamea! Really? Yeah, that's interesting. Is that true? No, Kamea. That's a different breed. Well,
 I just I looked up the language a little bit and it's called Gilbertese as well. Yeah, because it's
 the Gilbert Islands, but it's Kiribas is how you write it. Gilbert. It's so strange. Yeah, they were
 called Les Il-Gilbert and Kiribas kind of derived from Gilbert, Kiribas. So you can sort of see how it
 happens. But previously they were known to Western visitors as the King's Mill Islands. Okay. After the
 bread. After the bread. Wow. Yeah. Very nice. I go on here. Go on, Dan. This was sent in by
 Arthur Wallapot, who has added in brackets an internet name. Thank you for the clarification.
 Arthur Wallapot, who says that there is a species of Chinese ground spider whose technical name is
 Hot Wheels Sisyphus. Okay, so Hot Wheels has in the little toy cars. Yeah, is it? Yeah, and Sisyphus
 has in the Greek guy who pushed the boulder up there. Exactly, yeah. And yeah, it was discovered in China
 and just the nature of how the spider moved reminded them of Hot Wheels basically. And so they gave
 them this name. I wonder which will stand the test of time for longer. The story of Sisyphus,
 the ancient 2000 year old tale of the guy being punished for all eternity or the Hot Wheels
 bread. Hot Wheels, the ones where you pull them backwards 10 times and then let go and they go
 really fast. Maybe. I don't know. Yeah, I'm not sure. They probably are within the Hot Wheels world.
 They are also just small cars and you get those big plastic loops that you can send them around.
 With the loops. Yeah, exactly. Sisyphus had to push his boulder around the loop the loop.
 That was probably level two if he ever got to it, which he never did. Because I think that's worse
 in a way, because when you get to the top of the loop the loop you have this amazingly satisfying
 moment where you can roll all the way back down the other side. Yeah. But if he never quite
 reached there is even worse than I've been to the hill where he allegedly pushed the boulder.
 How do you? Yeah, it's in Greece. And what do you think? Could you have? Do you love it?
 No, I couldn't. It's not that it's not that high. It's just outside of a city whose name I can't
 remember near the Peloponese. Okay. And it's as you're in the town you can see this big hill and
 the locals say that's where he pushed it. Did you say allegedly because Sisyphus is famously
 litigious? He'll see you and then tomorrow he'll see you again. I suppose that didn't mean
 allegedly. I meant according to legend. According to legendarily. Yeah. Hey, this is interesting.
 Hot Wheels. Do you know who invented Hot Wheels? Someone who's famous for making
 maxi-sized cars. No, right. Someone who's famous for toys. Okay, okay. We can get this. A
 famous toy person. I don't know. Rubik. Lovely. I'm excited to know that you know who the inventor
 Rubik cubes are as your first go to. How many other toy makers? I don't know. I don't know. Ed,
 would yo-yo. Gary Scrabble. What's the name? Melissa, who did Barbie? There we go. She was called
 Ruth Handler. Ruth Handler. Hot Wheels is invented by a husband, is a door Elliot Handler. He created
 Hot Wheels. He created creepy crawlers. He created chatty Kathy. These were all massive in their day.
 Sure. Yeah. They were. Absolutely. And I'm sure someone is right now stripped of mining the
 intellectual property to drive desperately turn out another Barbie-level movie. Sun Chatty Kathy.
 That is happening. Chatty Kathy was one of the pioneers of pulling back a string
 and having a voice to come out. Yeah. Someone who's just like the doll being a pie. This is a funny idea.
 That's all right. Yeah. Very cool history. Okay. I've got a fact here from Mira Brown.
 A Mira wrote in from Canada and they said that Jack Daniels has become a bellweather of Canada
 US relations. Okay. So there have been- if you've been following the news, Donald Trump has been
 calling Canada the 51st state and been pointing lots of tariffs on. And so there's been a lot of
 buy cuts in Canada of American goods and especially of alcohol and especially of Jack Daniels.
 And I want you to guess what the percentage drop in sales in Canada of Jack Daniels has been
 in the last month or so. And because I know you two are going to mess up this quiz like you always
 doing bet like a billion percent or something. I'm going to put a prize on the line. So I've been to
 the shop and bought some whiskey. Oh, wow. So the winner. Probably whiskey or Jack Daniels.
 I put good whiskey. So I'm so annoyed because I do the emails and I did not pay any attention.
 So what percentage of sales down since Trump and Canada got into. By the way James,
 this is an amazing incentive structure you've put all the time in here. It's fantastic. I
 should know this because I have been to the Jack Daniels distillery as I've probably mentioned
 before. I've been to Tennessee in the last month. No, during like geopolitically calmer times.
 Right. But they call you up when there's been a change in sales numbers. 2008. I'm probably on the
 mailing list. Who's going to go first? Okay. I will say 72% drop. Drop. Okay. I'm going to say
 whiskey on the line. 0.5%. Not even 1%. 0.5%. Wow. Oh, wow. You don't like whiskey there,
 I suppose. Well, I still could be closer to Andy's. Yeah. Yeah. If you're anything under what,
 36% yeah. I'm afraid. Done. The answer is 62%. Oh, so Andy's there. You get your whiskey.
 There you go. Very nice. Now, oh, this is lovely. It's really nice, isn't it? Open it up. Yeah.
 What is it? It is to do with my facts that I'm about to tell you. Oh, yeah. This is like
 inception. This is amazing. It's called Uncle Nearest. Uncle Nearest.
 Uncle Nearest. Oh, and it's from Tennessee. Lovely. Yes. So it is named after nearest green.
 And nearest green was born into slavery and emancipated after civil war. And he was the guy who
 taught distilling to Jack Daniel of Jack Daniels fame. And the company Uncle Nearest Incorporated
 created this whiskey. We're not advertised by these guys. I just went to shop and got it.
 They created this whiskey in his honor. And Uncle Nearest Whiskey, their master blender is Victoria
 Edie Butler, a descendant of nearest green. And the first known African American female whiskey
 master blender. Cool. That's terrific. There you go. Thank you very much, James. Beautiful. I'm
 actually getting to the end of a bottle of American whiskey right now. Yeah. Yeah. I currently
 don't drink. So this is perfect. Oh, and that's perfect. Yeah. James, you've just given me a prize.
 And I'm afraid I'm about to not return the favour because this is the fact you won't like basically.
 But it's that. And this fact comes from Jay Bagley. The majority of the world's citric acid,
 which is added to so much of our food, is derived from industrial vats of black mold in China.
 I know James, you're not a fungus person. I'm allergic to black mold. Oh.
 As in, I did an allergy test and there was like two or three things and that was one of the main ones.
 I think everyone's. I don't think it's good for anyone. I thrive on it. Okay. Well,
 this stuff is safe. So I'm sure you guys have heard of citric acid. Yeah. It's in lemons.
 It's in lemons. It's often 8% of the dry weight of a citrus fruit, just to give you an idea of
 what's going on inside the lemons. But citric acid is incredibly useful for all sorts of purposes
 and all sorts of foods. And it's in so much stuff. It's in ketchup. It's in fizzy drinks. It's in
 tubal vitamins. It cleans your cattle sometimes. If you know there's lime scale things,
 you drop in your cattle, they can be they can be citric acid. It's used to improve the solubility
 of brown heroin. I knew I knew it for some time. You are all the drink at the moment, but you
 unfortunately. And if you can guess the percentage of citric acid. And basically, so you can't
 get it in fruit, but it's a real pain to extract it from fruit. And the world makes two million
 tons of it. Does does that mean heroin contains vitamin C? Yes. I think it probably does.
 Okay. As I keep telling my doctor, how much would you have to take to get your recommended
 daily allowance? Well, the good thing is it's more ash. So, you know, even if you only have a
 little bit, you know, you'll be at you'll be at a level soon enough. But basically, there's this
 fungus called aspergillus nigia, which causes black mold on grapes and apricots. And that is
 the more that you can synthesize and use to grow and create citric acid. And it's really safe.
 It's approved and everything. But genuinely, two million tons a year, if every person,
 if we were sharing it equally between us, that's 250 grams, give or take per person per year,
 and that we're getting through. Is that a lot? It will probably be a lot more in one go.
 Yeah. That's probably a reason we don't do that. What percentage is it in a citrus fruit,
 did you say? About eight. Okay. And it was 250 grams. Yeah. So, multiplied by 12 and a half times of
 that would be about three kilograms, just over three kilograms each of dried citrus fruits.
 Dried citrus fruits. That's very important. You could directly leave those leavens in the sun.
 Yeah. Very good. Very good. Nice. I go on here from John McComb, who writes that Disney has a
 now closed airport where the runway plays when you wish upon a star, when a plane lands, and goes
 over it at 45 miles an hour. That's incredible. Which Disney? We're talking Florida here. Florida.
 Yeah. So this was built in 1970 or 1971. No one's actually too sure. And the idea would be
 probably they just did it in December, January. That's probably a spill over a month to the new year.
 That's true. So yeah, so this was built and it was largely used for the official Disney plane
 called Mickey Mouse 1. When Walt Disney was alive, he had Mickey Mouse 1, the original plane.
 Like Air Force 1. Like Air Force 1. And it was so that he could go scouting for locations
 for possible future Disneyland properties. It was so that he could continue his meetings.
 Okay. Just quick pitch. Yeah. Quick pitch. The president is visiting Disneyland, right?
 Yeah. But then there's some kind of attack, some baddies attack, and the president has to flee
 on Mickey Mouse 1. Yes. Yeah. Uh-huh. And what then like a load of Walt Disney characters in all
 of their outfits, accidentally get into Air Force 1. That's it. That's it. That's it. And they've
 got the nuclear football and all of that. Yeah. And Goofy's trying to work it out. Yeah.
 And he had some foreign president going, who's running this country Mickey Mouse?
 Which is a famous thing you would say. Yeah. We'll have a script edit, of course. Of course.
 But you've done all the main work, I feel. So anyway, yeah. So it's not used. It's not used
 largely because they've built stuff too near to it. There's a monorail that means that if a plane
 did come in, it would possibly crash into it. So it's largely used as a parking area now. So it's
 still there and the strip with the music is still there. So if cars go over it, you can still get
 when you wish upon a star. Because I thought from the email that it was in a whole abandoned
 Disney park that just wasn't in use anymore and had kind of been overgrown, I was getting a bit
 sort of excited about that concept. Interesting. Cool fact. Here is a fact. This one is from
 Maxine Iglich. And Maxine says that Slovenia harnesses the power of ASMR to attract tourists.
 So Maxine was on the Slovenia official website for visa information. And they stumbled upon this
 page called the Sounds of Slovenia. And it's amazing. It's just a load of embedded audio clips
 of the sounds of Slovenia. They have bobbin lace making, big foot, Dan. I love it.
 A train, Sandy. Great. Yeah. No golf, unfortunately. But yeah, it's just a place where you can hear
 what Slovenia is like. That's great. I've actually been to Slovenia. I didn't hear a single bobbin
 lace being made. No, I have two have been there and I didn't see a single big foot. No.
 As far as I can see, big foot isn't a thing that's associated with Slovenia. No. I'm not trying to
 think of what my sound of Slovenia was. And I think it was the crunch as the higher car we had rented
 scraped along the side of an underground parking garage. And what would turn out to be an incredibly
 expensive moment for me. They do have that. It just says crunch crunch. This is going to be
 600 euros. So I was looking at Bigfoot in Slovenia to see what they're talking about. And it doesn't
 seem to exist, but there is a thing as in so many places. Imagine James solved Bigfoot. There he is.
 No, actually, that's the one place you'd hide if you were Bigfoot. You'd go to a country
 which didn't have a Bigfoot myth. That's perfect. Yeah. They have a thing called Leshi,
 which is like Slavic in general, but they have it in Slovenia. And I was reading the Wikipedia of
 this sort of Bigfoot like thing that lives in Slovenia. And apparently it has green eyes or white eyes
 or blue eyes. It has no eyebrows, although sometimes it's some stories it has eyebrows.
 In some stories, it's described like a giant, but some stories it's described as a small person. And
 sometimes he's of average height. And he wears a wide-brimmed hat or a pointed cap or has no headwear.
 This dad is nodding along like this as I thought. Well, there's, I mean, there are species. It's not
 just one of them. So they're going to have different fashions. Some will suit a hat, some won't.
 You know, when I went to Slovenia last, one thing that was quite interesting, as we stayed in
 there like a hotel in the village, I was with my wife. And the bed had a bundling board in it.
 What's a bundle of bread? I'll tell you, you won't know these, but with not with your number of
 children. But it's a board you put down the middle of a bed to prevent any... hanky-panky.
 Yeah, between a man and a woman sharing a bed. So the idea is like in rural America, they would like
 allow a couple to sleep together before they were married, but to make sure that they didn't do
 anything naughty, they would put this board in between. And I went to this hotel and it had a board.
 Did you bring down a reception? Could we borrow a drill, please? No, small bit is fine.
 This is a great one. It's from Nathan Sheer and it's that the Duke of Wellington was two hours late
 to his own funeral. Okay. What does the thing you say about people sometimes, isn't it? He'd be
 late to his own funeral. Yeah, we did a fact, Elizabeth Taylor actively organised to be late to her
 own funeral. Yeah. And she was two or three different outfits. Did she? Yeah, so really. I've
 forgotten that. Anyway, basically 1852. This was the last, I'd say, mega funeral for many years,
 until probably I mean Queen Victoria, 1901 or maybe Winston Churchill, 1965. It was a big deal,
 because it was obviously a big deal. And basically, they made this mad steam punk carriage to
 transport him through the city. It was modeled after ancient descriptions of Alexander the Great's
 funeral carriage. Wow. I know. It was eight metres long, five metres high. It weighed 12 tons. It
 took six iron foundries to make this thing, like weeks and weeks, a dozen horses to pull. Unfortunately,
 what this all meant was that when it got stuck, it was a complete bastard to free. It took 60
 policemen when one wheel got stuck to lift this thing up and get it back on the road. And the
 horses were absolutely exhausted. A group of sailors had to help give it a push at one point.
 What were they doing there? I suppose, what were they doing there? They were just watching.
 There were reps of all the armed forces there, and so I suppose you'd have a team of sailors
 following the thing. But there were 1.5 million people on the route, the funeral route.
 Wow. And think of the year, 1852, like the population was way lower at the time. Do you know what
 the biggest funeral of all time was? Gandhi. Very close. Jesus, never. Probably closer than
 Gandhi, I think. Unfortunately, someone you've never heard of, so that's a problem. It's Anna.
 Anna. Did you just get it? I'm not Anna. She never takes back, so I thought it was normal.
 You've been on three dots for six months. It's Anna. I've forgotten her name, basically, is an Indian
 politician. I think you might have been deputy prime minister or something like that. I met someone
 recently. She's Indian, and she had at her wedding. 50,000 people. What? Catered? It was catered.
 Yeah. And you were on the invite to the evening, weren't you? I'm sorry. 50,000 number one.
 Can I have a, no, no plus one? That's no problem. That's no problem. I've come a long time. It's fine.
 Yes, I think she, she had political connections, and her family were in politics. And when you have
 a big politicians, even their children get married, it's traditional, but basically you invite everyone
 from the province or whatever it is. Yes, right. I'm just, I just googled the biggest funeral,
 and it was CN and Adurai in 1969 and 15 million people attended. Oh, wow. He was the chief minister
 of Tamil Nadu. Blimey. Did you know him? Well, no, let me neither.
 Okay, that is enough of your facts as great as they are, and they were great. They're brilliant.
 Really enjoyed them. It is time to give custodianship over to some of our facts. So anyone who
 is a member of our Patreon at the top level, which is friend of the podcast becomes a custodian
 of a fact. And so, damn, why don't you kick us off with a new custodian? Yeah, okay. This is for
 Paul Kingham. Paul, we're on episode 29 of the podcast, and you are now the custodian of the fact
 that in the 19th century, you could be committed to an asylum for novel reading. Very good. So this was,
 this was records from West Virginia asylum in Pennsylvania State Lunatic Hospital,
 and other reasons we were told about in that episode for admission included being kicked in the
 head by a horse, bad whiskey, and imaginary female trouble was another one. Imaginary female trouble.
 Is it imaginary trouble from females, or is it imaginary female causing the trouble? Very good.
 I'd probably both, I would imagine. Yeah, either of them's going to get you lots. Yeah, absolutely. I can't
 hear the phrase kicked in the head by a horse without thinking of Brian Blessed. Do you know this Andy?
 It was the first time that I met Brian and James met him as well. He arrived to do museum
 curiosity, and we went to pick him up in the main reception, and he was sitting there with a giant
 blue head like the whole front of his face knows. It was his own head. He didn't have a giant blue
 head by his side. No, it was his own blue head, and he could see us clearly looking a bit worried,
 and said, "Don't be alarmed, old boy! Got kicked in the face by a horse!" And it happened that
 morning. Wow. Yeah, he was in his field, got kicked in the face by a horse, and then thought,
 better go do museum curiosity and came along. Was he impaired? I think. It was hard to tell.
 The horse is fucked. Never record that. Oh, fantastic. Okay, go on Andy, give us another one.
 This one goes out to Hannah Wilson. Congratulations, Hannah, because your fact, this is, I'd say,
 a hall of fame, is that the Greenland shark lives in cold water and can only swim at one mile an hour.
 Its main prey seals swim at two miles an hour. That was one of mine. I remember reading that
 and trying to calculate the speed at which the prey could escape. Does it sneak up?
 Yeah, I had to wait till they're sleeping, basically. Okay, here's another one. This one goes out to
 Ian Wolfe, an old friend of the podcast himself, and his fact is now that the head of the International
 Chess Federation believes that chess was brought to earth by aliens. That's right. This sounds
 like a damn thing, but it's not. It was mine. Obviously, I'm a big chess, not a big aliens fan, but I love
 my chess. He said that the aliens gave us two things, chess and sweet corn. With the gun to my head,
 I don't know which I would give up. Neither has neither plays a massive role in my life.
 I teach in my daughter how to play chess at the moment. I'm trying. Basically, she takes the horses
 and plays Rapunzel with them. You've got a tower for her to be up with the rug.
 Yeah, that's true. Yeah. You just need to work a bishop into the Rapunzel story.
 Yeah, because we have the King and Queen, King Fredric and Queen Aryan. Yeah, perfect.
 I'm not sure where Ponds come in. Yeah. Okay, down another one. Yep. This is a fact going out to
 Monique Julia to attract new members. The Japanese Yakuza crime syndicate has its own website
 and theme tune. I want to say I'm a big fan of the Yakuza. Well, we've talked about them a lot,
 haven't we, over the years. Friends of the podcast? No. Okay. They feature the fair bit. We've done
 their tattoos and their pinky thing as well. You have to lose half a little finger. And Halloween,
 they're very active during Halloween with kids and giving out sweets. That's true. Yeah. But they
 can't do the Adam's family theme tune because they can't click their fingers. Well, they've got a
 theme tune change. So they need to be very strong. Very strong. Don't even know what that means.
 Here's another one. This goes out to Kate Matthews. Congratulations, Kate. Your fact for now and
 forever is that the first BBC radio presenter with a northern accent was given the job to make it
 more difficult for the Nazis to impersonate news readers. Really? I remember exactly where we were
 when you said that fact. We were doing a Soho gig. I think it was one of our first Soho gigs.
 Oh, I think it was, was it not Aces? Is it Aces? You're right. It was Aces and Aces. That's right.
 It was a live show regardless. I think it was that first live show. Our first live show, really.
 It must be episode 30. Wow. Yes. It was called Wilfred Pickles, wasn't it? That's right. And the British
 authorities knew that crossover between Nazis and Northerners is zero. The Venn diagrams are completely
 separate. Well, let's see how that Doughton by election goes next week. But I'm trusting. Yeah.
 That's why I know Nazis have ever been able to replicate this podcast. That's right. They managed
 to get you three to a T. But okay, here is one that is now under the custodianship of Kerry Harvey.
 And Kerry, your fact is in China, if you want to empty a building of people, you just have to play
 the song going home by Kenny G. Yeah. It is because it's just the song they play when it's home time.
 People know it. And so if you're in a shopping center or something, they start playing it. You hear
 it. You're like, oh, they must be time to close. Yeah. They play it if a train has reached its
 terminating point in the underground. So you know, to get off at schools, they play it at the end
 at the end of the day. I think they still do it because it was 10 years ago, obviously.
 What's going on? I hope Kenny G still has the cultural cash aid that he did then. I make Kenny G
 as a kid in Hong Kong. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. That's big. He was hitting on someone. So I wasn't a welcome
 presence in the moment. How old for you? It was in a health club. I was about nine. You get an
 article for anything? I did. Yeah. Please, please, fuck off. I'm trying to hit on this lady. Go home.
 That is exactly the last of you. Scram kid. That's so funny. Dan. Dan, give us one more.
 Okay. This one goes out to Lindy Stevens, the two leading paleontologists of the 19th century
 used to destroy their fossil sites after excavating them so that their rivals couldn't excavate them.
 This was the bone wars. Basically, they hated each other so much that they just wanted to stop any
 other finds being being discovered or old, or dirt they'd been over. And there was a big scoundrel
 when one of them got a stegosaurus the wrong way round, wasn't it? Well, put the plates on the inside.
 Incredible. I think it could live at all. I might be getting that wrong. Maybe it's a deplodicus that
 had it that got the wrong way. I think there was a famous incident at one point. I think it was
 associated with one of these guys. Yes. That's right. Right. Episode number 30. If you want to go back
 and listen to it, find out more. Andy, give us one last one. All right. This one goes out to Henry
 Smith. And it's the fact that in the fuller language, a computer crash is a hookie, which means a cow
 falling over, but not dying. Wow. Okay. And this was about. This was about Mozilla Firefox and translating
 into lots of languages. So there are small languages where you need to come up with new metaphors
 for what's just happened to your computer. Because they're going to translate it into all these
 languages. Yeah. So they need to say what has happened. Where is the fuller language? Do you know?
 I think it stretches across lots of different countries in West and Central Africa. So it's a bit
 of everywhere. And there are a couple of other ones which are a timeout, which is your fish has
 gone away. It's a timeout. Like when your request has timed out, you have to be active. Your fish has
 gone away. And an aspect ratio is a rebuked from elders when a fishing net is wrongly woven.
 I think we can all relate to. Okay. Well, Henry, hope you enjoy that fact and hope you enjoy them too.
 Lindy, Kerry, Kate, Monique, Ian, Hannah and Paul, you have gotten your facts. And if you two are
 a member of the top tier of Patreon friend of the podcast, then listen out in the next few weeks
 because your name might be mentioned as well. If you would like to become a friend of the podcast,
 then go to patreon.com/nosuchthing as a fish. And you can find information about all of our
 different tiers up there. In fact, you can even sign up for free and you'll get some stuff.
 Some little bonusy bits that we're working on. Yeah, so go there and sign up no matter what,
 even if you don't want to pay. That's absolutely fine. But we hope you come back here next week. We
 will be having a big fish on Friday. We'll be back here for a little fish next Monday. It's goodbye
 from me. Goodbye from Andy. Bye. Goodbye from Dan. Good bye.
 [MUSIC]
