 (upbeat music)
 - Hello and welcome to another episode
 of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast,
 this week coming to you live from Amsterdam.
 (audience cheering)
 My name is Dan Schriver, I am sitting here
 with Anna Tyshinski, Andrew Hunter Murray,
 and James Harkin, and once again,
 we have gathered 'round the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days,
 and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one,
 and that is my fact this week.
 My fact is, in 2015, 86 inmates at the Exeter prison
 wrote an angry letter to their local newspaper,
 complaining that the weekly Sudoku puzzle
 was too hard to complete.
 (audience laughing)
 Yeah.
 - You dogs.
 (audience laughing)
 - I don't think they're gonna be in here tonight.
 - So this was 86 inmates.
 They found it completely impossible.
 It was an unfinished puzzle that they ended up sending in
 to the editor of a local newspaper.
 - Wasn't impossible, right?
 - No, it wasn't impossible.
 - The newspaper replied and said actually it is possible.
 Sorry, sorry, sorry, but it was possible.
 Well, they discovered that basically the inmates
 had got some of the numbers wrong in the middle,
 and once you do that in Sudoku,
 it's impossible to fix it,
 if you're trying to just continue on.
 But how were 86 inmates trying to solve
 the same Sudoku puzzle?
 - Because they don't get many newspapers in there,
 so they all join in and take turns and leave.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - Is there a queue?
 You queue up, you do one number, the next person goes.
 'Cause you can't get heads all around.
 - Like, is there 81 cells in a thing?
 They could have one cell each.
 - Holy, yeah.
 - And then five people to just check it over.
 - Right shout.
 - That's nice.
 - Yeah. - That's a good system.
 - Yeah, so they wrote this letter
 and it turned out that they were wrong,
 and that is a problem because they get access
 to Thursday's newspaper,
 but the answers are on a Monday and they don't get that,
 so they couldn't even check it,
 so they were so frustrated, that's annoying.
 That's why they wrote in.
 - But with Sudoku, you know when you've got it right,
 really, you don't need to check.
 Like, you know either you've got it wrong or right, right?
 I would argue you don't need the Monday's paper.
 You know you fucked up,
 now get back to the word search where you belong, clearly.
 (audience laughing)
 - Can I just say, honestly,
 you don't always know when you've got it right.
 So for example, at the 2011 World Sudoku Championship,
 one of the contenders called Weihua Huang,
 he jumped up in the final,
 he started high-fiving his friends in the audience,
 he'd won, and a judge had to point out
 he'd included the same number twice on the top row,
 and then he hadn't won.
 That's a moment.
 - That's unbelievably,
 but it's embarrassing enough to be attending
 the World Sudoku Championships with Ben.
 - Sudoku is, I mean, it took over the world.
 I don't know if you remember, 2006,
 the world became obsessed with Sudoku,
 and it was basically down to a New Zealander
 called Wayne Gould, who--
 - Are we gonna, I'm so sorry,
 but I just know that there'll be 10% of the audience
 that is driving mad.
 Are we gonna address your pronunciation of Sudoku?
 - Thank you.
 (audience laughing)
 So how are you saying it?
 - I'm just saying it how it's pronounced.
 - And how am I saying it?
 - You're saying it Sudoku.
 - And it's--
 - Sudoku.
 - Sudoku is what I was saying before.
 - Yes.
 - Yeah.
 - Right.
 - So don't do that.
 - Okay.
 So Sudoku is a--
 - Tell us about Wayne Gould.
 - So Wayne Gould,
 Wayne Gould was from New Zealand,
 and he basically bumped into it in a newspaper
 when he was in Hong Kong,
 and he thought this was really interesting.
 And then when he was in England,
 he basically, he sold it effectively
 like a door-to-door salesman.
 He went to the doors of,
 I think it was the Telegraph newspaper at times.
 That's how I pronounce times.
 (audience laughing)
 He went to the Times newspaper,
 and he said, "Check this out."
 And they liked it, and they started using it.
 And he patented this idea of a computer
 generating all of the numbers,
 so it could just generate multiple different Sudokas.
 - Did you read the account by the features editor
 of The Times, this guy called Mike Harvey?
 And it genuinely was like a door-to-door thing.
 So he got a phone call, Mike Harvey,
 saying, "There's a man who has a puzzle to show you."
 And so he thought, "Great."
 (audience laughing)
 And he said afterwards, Harvey said,
 "I asked one of my staff to get rid of him,
 "but he said he was too busy,
 "so I went down myself, trying to get rid of him."
 But Wayne Gould had had a mock-up
 of the back page of The Times made,
 which included a Sudoku on it,
 and they ran it the following month.
 And as a result of that,
 Wayne Gould was named one of the world's
 most influential people of 2006 by Time Magazine.
 (audience laughing)
 That's how big it was.
 - It was a quite year, wasn't it?
 (audience laughing)
 But what happened was that The Times decided to run this,
 but the word got out really quickly,
 and so all the other newspapers went,
 "Oh, we're gonna get that in our newspapers as well," right?
 And it was just after the 2005 election.
 And so kind of, there wasn't much stories left
 in the newspaper.
 They had lots of inches to fill,
 so they thought, "Let's just bang a load of Sudoku in there."
 And like The Sun, for instance,
 made a version called Sundoku,
 which featured topless women.
 (audience laughing)
 - How did you get a nine by nine grid of numbers?
 - Lots of eights and zeros, I don't know.
 Sixes and nines, I don't know.
 But one newspaper editor said they were so popular,
 they called them Viagra for newspaper circulation.
 - Wow.
 - And the editor of The Observer said,
 "I'd put one on every page
 if I thought it would increase circulation."
 - Well, that was the thing.
 When it exploded in America,
 certain newspapers carried it,
 and the other ones didn't in the early days,
 and people who were lifelong readers of newspapers
 changed allegiance just for the Sudoku.
 They suddenly were like, "Okay, I'm gonna read
 the right-wing thing or the left-wing thing
 that I never read before."
 - Shit, is that why Brexit happened?
 It's just 'cause 10 years earlier,
 all these Guardian readers preferred the telegraph Sudoku.
 - I can't believe this fact,
 but I'm gonna say it anyway.
 This was a report in the Daily Mail
 that said that global pencil sales increased by 700% in 2005.
 - I 100% believe that.
 You would never have a pencil before that.
 I would never have a pencil.
 Why would you?
 You're a pen, you're not a child.
 You've got to write those little digits up
 in the top corner then when you get the fill-up,
 then you've got to erase it.
 - Got it.
 - There are just a few more things about the craze,
 which was all 2005.
 Radio 4 apparently did an audio version of Sudoku.
 I have no idea how that worked.
 I have no idea.
 - They just read out the numbers, didn't they?
 They went gap, gap, gap, gap, gap, seven, gap, gap, gap.
 - Maybe, yeah.
 - Yeah, that's probably it.
 - Did they?
 - It seems they.
 - Sky One commissioned a 275-square-foot Sudoku
 in a chalk hill at Chipping Sodbury.
 - Yeah, but do you know the thing about that?
 - No.
 - It was wrong.
 - What?
 - So it was on the bath exit or near the bath exit of the M4
 and it was specifically put in a place
 where there was a 40-mile-an-hour speed limit introduced
 because otherwise it would be dangerous and distracting.
 - Yes, I always try to solve my Sudoku
 below 40 miles an hour when driving.
 - I keep it to the built-up areas.
 - The responsible way to do it.
 But they offered 5,000 pounds for the first person
 to solve this, particularly fiendish Sudoku,
 and it was revealed later that it actually had
 1,905 correct solutions.
 - Wow, wow, yeah.
 - That's the one thing that people hate, isn't it?
 There's more than one solution.
 This was in the very early days.
 The mail in the telegraph really rushed out the Sudokus
 and the telegraph's compiler called Michael Mepham,
 he made some puzzles that had more than one solution
 and he said, "My golly, I did get some mail."
 (laughing)
 - What's the problem with it?
 - It's just because it's unsatisfying
 if there's lots of different answers.
 - There should only be one right answer.
 - Yeah, exactly.
 - Part of the craze thing,
 one thing that happened in Sydney, Australia,
 there was a court case that was going on for three months.
 They had 105 witnesses
 and while someone was giving evidence,
 they looked up and they sort of noticed
 that the jurors were looking a bit distracted
 and it turned out that they were secretly doing Sudokus
 underneath their desk
 and then it turned out that four of them were in cahoots
 and what they were doing were printing out Sudoku
 on photocopiers and sharing them around
 and while the trial was going on
 and witnesses were talking,
 they were doing it underneath
 and then comparing notes in the breaks
 and seeing how far they got.
 Yeah, so that cost a million dollars,
 that trial up until that point
 and it had to be thrown out
 because it turned out the jurors weren't listening.
 - Oh my God, what was it, oh, drug trial?
 - No, it was for conspiracy
 to manufacture a commercial quantity of amphetamines.
 - Sounds like a drug trial to me, yeah.
 (audience laughing)
 But it wasn't, it was a conspiracy trial.
 (audience laughing)
 - Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - I was reading an article
 about the world championships in 2009.
 So what they often do in the world championships
 is they'll have normal Sudokus
 and then when you get to the final,
 they'll give you some kind of crazy Sudokus
 that are a little bit different,
 like they might be jigsaws that have to come together,
 might be bigger, and in this case,
 the final variants were so different to normal Sudokus
 that the winner from the previous two years,
 who's a guy called Thomas Snyder,
 says it was like playing the final
 of a basketball championships with a different size ball.
 The hoops are higher up than normal
 and everyone has trampolines in their shoes.
 - Cool.
 - That was the difference, that's how different it was.
 There was a second puzzle hidden underneath the first puzzle,
 but then for two of the competitors,
 the first puzzle accidentally fell down halfway through,
 so that gave away the surprise.
 This was all in an article in the Irish press,
 so they were quite interested in how the Irish team got on,
 and they said that the Irish team came second to last,
 and three of the four Irish players were beaten
 by Tiang Xiong, a 10-year-old boy.
 - Aw.
 - The only guy from the Irish team who beat them,
 a guy called Bernard Sellers,
 he said, "I must make it clear
 "that this is due to incompetence, not lack of effort."
 (audience laughing)
 He said, "He has beaten us at Sudoku,
 "but let's see him after a few beers."
 (audience laughing)
 - We need to move on, guys.
 We need to get to our next facts.
 - Okay, let's do it.
 - Let's do it, okay, it is time for fact number two,
 and that is Andy.
 - My fact is that in 1913,
 it was claimed that French farmers
 were raising automotive chickens,
 which were bred specifically
 to throw themselves under passing cars
 so the farmer could claim compensation.
 (audience laughing)
 - Wow.
 - Should we now know the answer to why did the chicken
 cross the road?
 - Absolutely, it was on a mission.
 - Do we think this is true?
 - I don't.
 (audience laughing)
 Everyone else has been to think what they like,
 I think it's hooey.
 But it was printed in a newspaper called Le Figaro,
 from a famous French paper,
 and, yeah, farmers were breeding this chicken
 so that the owner could claim five francs
 or whatever of damages from a driver,
 and I just find it hilarious that--
 - I did find one guy called William K. Vanderbilt.
 He was known as a scorcher.
 He was American, not French,
 but he was well known that he would pay compensation
 if he ever hit your animals.
 And so there was newspaper articles
 that people would deliberately push livestock into his way.
 - Yeah.
 - So it was kind of some of it happening, wasn't it?
 - Poor sucker.
 I wonder how many times he had a chicken suddenly appear
 in front of his car before he started to suspect.
 It was like the 12th time that day.
 It's just like another cow.
 - Yeah.
 - Come on, guys.
 - Some people said it was horses
 that got pushed in the way of his car.
 - Really?
 - You think he must have been quite a bad driver
 if you can't see a horse.
 - He should be.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - How could you get a chicken to do that, by the way?
 How could you?
 - You couldn't.
 It's not a thing.
 - No, but if he was paying compensation all the time.
 - You could throw it.
 - You can chuck it.
 - You could throw it.
 - Wait a minute, you can.
 - You could get a chicken to do that.
 - You can get a chicken to do that.
 - Someone in the audience has just claimed
 I could get a chicken to do that.
 - For one second, I forgot we were in Devon.
 (audience laughing)
 - I'll do that.
 - I think if you were to draw a white line on the ground,
 sometimes chickens will just follow that white line,
 wouldn't they?
 - That's true.
 - I think that's a thing.
 - That guy, Vanderbilt, William Vanderbilt,
 he was like a squillionaire.
 And this fact came from a great article,
 I think in Littub, the website,
 and it mentioned that he had these crazy adventures.
 He may have been the inspiration for Mr. Toad
 in The Wind and the Willows.
 You know, he's always got his car,
 and he's going poop-poop, and all of this.
 And...
 (audience laughing)
 - That's a good impersonation.
 - Poop-poop.
 - You know, get out of our way.
 He's Mr. Toad.
 - Sure, anyway.
 Okay, but he did have a lot of crazy adventures,
 which were even more exciting than Mr. Toad's adventures.
 So in 1899, visiting France,
 he had to kill two dogs,
 which were trying to bite his tires,
 and then flee from a mop.
 - He had to kill two dogs.
 - Circumstances forced him to shoot.
 He did a lot.
 He had a gun a lot of the time.
 He traveled with a gun, like Mr. Toad.
 You know, crowds with whips and rocks
 were trying to attack him
 because he was just such a reckless driver,
 and he'd shoot in the air and shoot over their heads
 and then drive off saying "poop-poop."
 (audience laughing)
 - They weren't, people were just generally terrified
 about the car for a long time as well,
 and angry and farmers especially,
 but around the same time in Pennsylvania,
 the legislature passed a law
 that all cars traveling on country roads at night
 had to send up a rocket every mile
 to let everyone know that they were coming.
 - Sorry, God.
 - It's just, you know, big on firework.
 - I think suggested the law rather than passed it, though.
 - No, they passed, the legislature passed the law
 and then it was rejected by the governor.
 So the legislature said, "Pass this law,"
 and then they had to send a rocket up every mile,
 explode it, then wait for 10 minutes for the road to clear,
 and then the driver had to proceed with caution,
 blowing his horn and shooting off Roman candles
 as before. - What the hell?
 Wow.
 - So if you were on your horse,
 you'd have to judge was that a mile or two miles
 that the rocket went up, right?
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - Do you think there was like, you know,
 when a thunderstorm's coming and you count the seconds?
 Was it like that?
 - Yeah, between the light and the sound.
 - Yeah, yeah, that would work.
 - Patent number 1,122,742 in America.
 - Don't tell me, don't tell me, I know this one.
 - I'm so annoyed, I know the one before.
 - Yes, it was a huge knife that you attached
 to the front of your car.
 Can you guess, can you guess why you might do that?
 - Cababs.
 Chicken, chicken, cabab.
 (all laughing)
 - Just to make everyone get the fuck off the road.
 - Kind of.
 So like Hannah said, people were really scared of cars,
 but they also hated them.
 And there was a thing where people put ropes
 across the road to try and stop you from going too fast,
 'cause then it would like, you know,
 like a barrier would stop you.
 And so this thing was invented to kind of cut those ropes.
 - Wow.
 - Nice.
 - It's crazy, what do you read about it?
 Because it sounds like it was just hectic
 to drive a car in those early days.
 There were accounts of where sort of like farmers
 and locals would sort of sprinkle nails
 and broken glass on the road.
 They would, as you say, tie ropes across.
 They would dig holes in the ground.
 So they would just, you know, fall into it.
 There was a story that near Sacramento in California,
 13 cars were captured.
 You know, like captured is the word they use in the article.
 Yeah.
 - And they were trying to stop people from speeding.
 So there was one town in America
 where they put a big sign up just said,
 "The speed limit this year is a secret."
 (all laughing)
 And the idea is everyone drives and they go,
 "Oh shit, I'm gonna have to go slow now
 'cause it's probably really low."
 - God, so good.
 - It sounds really fun.
 It sounds like it's like doing an obstacle course
 driving back in the day.
 It's like you're rally driving or something.
 - It's very west, isn't it?
 - Yeah.
 - But one of the legitimate concerns,
 which is like the opposite of the concern we have now
 with driverless cars, is that humans were gonna have
 to be responsible for concentrating the whole time.
 'Cause if you think about it,
 cars back then were called horseless carriages, basically.
 And the difference between a horseless carriage
 and a horse carriage is that you can kind of leave
 the horse to do most of the work,
 much like a driverless car.
 So, you know, if you're driving,
 if you're the cabbie, you can lose concentration.
 You can have a chat with your friend.
 You can have a little snooze.
 The horse has it under control.
 And one of the terrors was that, you know,
 if you're driving, then it's all up to the human.
 And we're shit.
 - Yeah.
 - And they were right.
 - Another thing in the 1920s, there was a judge
 who said that the automobile was a house of prostitution
 on wheels and that of the 30 girls that had been brought
 in front of him charged with sex crimes,
 19 offenses had occurred in cars.
 - Really?
 - So there's a real worry that young people
 are going to be able to get away from their parents and stuff
 and they would be in an enclosed vehicle
 and you never know what they're going to get up to.
 - Well, Madame Bovary, right?
 Didn't Madame Bovary have sex in a car?
 - Carriage.
 - Carriage.
 - That was the big thing, wasn't it?
 - A horse car, yeah.
 - And in 1926, the Cleveland Motor Company
 realised this was happening
 and so they invented the honeymoon special car.
 And that came equipped with a foldable bed
 which could be put up in just one minute
 and the doors were fitted with curtains.
 - That's really rude.
 (audience laughing)
 - For the 20s?
 - Guys.
 - For the 20s, you're all saucepots.
 - Yeah?
 - I thought you were going to say there was a car company
 which invented the car with a knife in the middle
 so you can't go near anyone.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 An inflatable dad of the daughter or something.
 (audience laughing)
 - I liked this in 1895 in the spectator.
 It was talking about how when the car first came about,
 everyone said horses were going to disappear
 off the face of the earth, which was kind of true,
 but it happened more slowly than people had predicted.
 And the spectator wrote, "When the car first appeared,
 "it was a common prophecy that the horse was a doomed animal,
 "but the threatened institution of the horse-drawn cab
 "has managed somehow, like the House of Lords,
 "to survive in full vigor."
 (audience laughing)
 I just love the idea that even in 1895,
 people were looking at the House of Lords going,
 "How the fuck is this still surviving?"
 (audience laughing)
 - That's so funny.
 - It feels like that.
 So one of the big problems with all these early day cars
 is that they would come round
 and they would spray dust on these roads into houses.
 And in France, where this fact begins,
 we were talking about the fact that
 it was really badly received.
 And part of that was people trying to say
 rent out villas and so on.
 They were losing all their business
 'cause as cars came by, all this spray of dust came
 and no one wanted to be there.
 So roads were effectively invented
 by people trying to stop that
 because they started putting basically asphalt and so on
 just outside their house, just strips,
 so that when the car went over, it would miss the house.
 And then it kind of, my theory is it caught on
 and they went, "Oh, let's put more of that down."
 - That's a good theory.
 There was in 1905,
 the Royal Commission on Motoring was held in Britain.
 And they again, were looking at the dust
 and saying, "This is terrible."
 They blamed the dust for throat and eye infections,
 for the inability to hand washing to dry,
 and the clogging of at least one
 lady novelist's typewriter.
 (audience laughing)
 - Things are serious.
 (audience laughing)
 - It's so funny.
 - We need to move on in a sec to our next fact.
 - I've just got one more thing.
 - Yeah, go for it.
 - Well, I found it 'cause I was searching about chickens
 and cars, and it's a piece of advice
 about playing chicken in a car.
 - Oh yeah.
 - I mean, don't, but if you are,
 there's advice from a 1960 work
 called The Strategy of Conflict by--
 - Okay, so chicken is like two cars
 driving up to each other and it's like--
 - Absolutely, you're driving towards each other
 and whoever swears first loses, you know?
 And this is by a Nobel laureate called Thomas Shelling.
 So it's legit stuff, all right?
 And what he said is that extreme irrationality
 can be rational.
 So if you are playing chicken in a car,
 the best thing to do is rip off the steering wheel
 from the column and throw it out of the window.
 But you should only do that if you are confident
 that the other driver has seen you do it.
 (audience laughing)
 - Oh wow.
 - Yeah.
 - What year was that?
 Is that early day as well?
 - It was 1960.
 He died the next year, weirdly.
 - I'm 1960.
 (audience laughing)
 - Horrible car crash.
 (audience laughing)
 - I read about the first car, horn,
 which was in 1649.
 - Huh?
 - And this is car as in a horseless carriage.
 And it was a carriage invented by a guy called Johann Housh
 and it was a dragon which went at the front of the carriage
 and it rolled its eyes and it spouted water
 to clear pedestrians out of the way.
 - That sounds fucking cool.
 - Isn't that cool?
 And the horn part was carved angels on either side
 holding trumpets that were constantly blown.
 - Oh wow.
 - And this didn't need any horses to pull it
 amazingly, this vehicle.
 Although it did have two men concealed
 under the body of it who had to run along
 with the outside stones.
 - What the flip stones?
 (audience laughing)
 That's incredible.
 - Yeah.
 - We need to move on to our next fact.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three
 and that is Anna.
 - My fact this week is that when libraries flood,
 the books are saved by putting them in the freezer
 and then vacuuming them.
 - Wow.
 - Yeah, I was reading about library book salvage
 and it's so cool.
 So basically any library worth its salt
 has to either have its own massive industrial freezer
 or have access to an industrial freezer
 and you freeze the paper as soon as it's got wet.
 And this is both with floods and fires
 'cause the biggest problem really for books
 and libraries with fires is the getting wet afterwards.
 Usually they're put out in time
 but they're put out with so much water
 that they get covered in water.
 If you freeze it immediately,
 then the water stops making the ink bleed
 and it stops mold growing and all of those things.
 But then obviously you've just got a massive freezer
 full of frozen books.
 - Yeah.
 - It's really difficult to read
 and you can't just melt it.
 And so then you vacuum it by which I mean,
 put it in a massive vacuum chamber
 and that means that the water can go straight from a solid
 to a gas, can sublimate GCSE chemistry there
 'cause it like reduces the pressure in the air
 if it's in a vacuum.
 And so that means that there's like not enough pressure
 for water to form, right?
 It becomes gas immediately
 'cause there's so much space.
 All the solid ice molecules just jump around in the space
 and become a gas.
 - That is amazing.
 You can not just buy some new books.
 (audience laughs)
 - Shit, you should mention that.
 Yeah, a lot of time has been wasted.
 - Yeah, now these are precious old books, aren't they?
 - Oh, okay, got it.
 - Yeah, these are the originals.
 - Yeah, there was one, there was a massive library fire
 in 1986, the biggest library fire in America.
 It was in Central Library in LA
 and that one they had to ask a load of,
 there were a lot of fishermen in LA
 and they had to ask the fishermen
 to lend them all of their fish freezers,
 put the books in.
 - I didn't see where you were going with that at all.
 I thought you were gonna say
 they had to get the fishermen to get the books
 out of the library with their rods
 because it was still too dangerous in there.
 - They're very attracted to maggots' books, actually.
 They leap up.
 And the reason, and that really is, if you look that up,
 it doesn't go down that much in history
 because it happened three days after Chernobyl
 and so it was very much buried
 in a slightly bigger explosion that week.
 The only paper that put it like proper front and center,
 I think, or this is what I read in a book
 called The Library Book,
 which is very good book by Susan Orleans.
 - Pravda in the Soviet Union, funny enough.
 - There was nothing else happening that day.
 - Exactly.
 How embarrassing for America there's library fire, right?
 Look at that.
 - They should have, like in libraries, just giant freezers.
 You know, in Australia, when you go to the bottle shop,
 the bottle load, there's always this wine shop.
 - Just a wine shop?
 - Yeah, wine shop, and you get beers.
 There's always this giant freezer room that you go into.
 It's freezing to be inside,
 but it's very common in every bottle shop that you get there.
 And yeah, they should have that,
 just where all the precious books just can't be hung.
 - Well, I suppose some of the bigger places do, right?
 Like the Natural History Museum, not a library,
 but they have a huge freezer.
 Can you guess what's the largest animal
 they could fit in the freezer?
 - Seal, but a big seal.
 - A Diplodocus.
 - Diplodocus, giraffe.
 The answer is a fully grown rhino.
 They could fit that in there.
 And the largest fridge in the world, 2,800 pole away,
 this is in Richland, Washington, in America,
 that is big enough to fit every single living rhino in the world.
 - Wow.
 - And actually they have a bit of space as well.
 They'd have to be on top of each other's shoulders.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - I don't think that's gonna be your biggest logistical problem
 in terms of gathering all the rhinos,
 getting them to the fridge.
 I think once you've done that,
 shoving them in is gonna be an easy job.
 - Yeah, okay.
 - Whose fridge is this and how big is the party they're having?
 - This is a huge fridge that they use in America.
 Their farmers will send all their goods there,
 and it will keep the fruits and vegetables
 kind of fresher for a bit longer.
 - Nice.
 - Really nice.
 - Imagine how many magnets you can get on that.
 So many.
 - That's a lot of shit drawings from your children, isn't it?
 - Libraries.
 You know the Bodleian Library in Oxford?
 - Yeah.
 - I think it's one of only three libraries
 which gets a copy of every single book published in the UK.
 So it's the Cambridge Library,
 the Oxford University Library,
 which is the Bodleian and the British Library.
 For 250 years, the Librarian of the Bodleian
 was supposed to be celibate, and none of them were.
 It was one of the main,
 there was a guy, found it by a guy called Thomas Bodley,
 who had read this main thing,
 and he wrote up a list of rules when he was founding the library.
 The first rule was celibate.
 I want no Librarian to have sex ever.
 The first Librarian got married that year,
 the year he founded it.
 All the successes did pretty much,
 and it was 250 years, it was kept in place,
 and then they repealed it saying,
 "This is a ridiculous rule."
 And why celibate, 'cause you must love the books
 more than you could ever love the human flesh?
 Or what, why?
 What a lovely poetic way, I think it's...
 They didn't want to get any come-in-the-books?
 Yeah. Oh, my God!
 Wow. Oh, my God!
 That's poetic from James.
 No? No?
 It wasn't that, no, I think it was...
 It's sort of gas.
 Yeah, no, it's fine, and I'm blushing on stage now.
 I didn't say... Oh, my God.
 I think it was because it was kind of connected to the priesthood,
 and so it kind of came from that tradition that he was...
 But Bobby himself was a bit of a mug.
 He said they didn't want idle books and riff-raffs,
 which was anything not in Latin.
 And the library got a first folio of Shakespeare's works.
 Pretty good, pretty nice book in 1623, pretty valuable.
 And then a few decades later, the third folio came out,
 and they just sold the first folio off.
 They said, "Well, we don't need this. We've got a more modern one now."
 And so as a result, they had to...
 Yeah, just on random, fun things about libraries,
 I was reading about Berkeley Library in America,
 and they have every year an edible book festival.
 And the idea is that there's a few categories,
 but one of the main things is you need to do food-based puns
 on existing books.
 So "Infinite Jest" becomes "Infinite Zest," for example.
 So I've got a little quiz for you guys.
 Okay, okay.
 Wait, who needs to do... How does it work?
 I'm going to give you the book name and see if you can guess
 what they did with it.
 "Waiting for Goddow."
 "Waiting for Cheddar."
 "Waiting for Gouda." Would be better.
 There we go. That's much better.
 1-0 to James.
 He just crossed it, and I just knotted it in the corner.
 That's okay.
 "Game of Thrones."
 "Game of Cheddar."
 "Game of Bones?"
 "Game of Skones."
 Also, "game" is already a type of meat.
 Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah, yeah.
 James is submitting "no change."
 Technically, "game" is a kind of meat.
 Question number three, "One flu over the cuckoo's nest."
 "You can eat a cuckoo," says James.
 "No change."
 "One flu over a cuckoo's nest."
 Oh, yeah, that's good.
 "One flu over the cuckoo's nest."
 "One flu over the cuckoo's nest."
 "Cuckoo's nest."
 Can we play this for the rest of the podcast?
 I'm going to join you so much, so I'll give you two more, okay?
 "Something Wicked This Way Comes."
 "Something Wicked This Way Bones?"
 Very good, but no, it's "Dumpling Wicked This Way Comes."
 "Dumpling Wicked This Way Comes."
 "Heart of Darkness" is the last one.
 "Heart of Cheddar."
 It's correct. No, it's not.
 Well, actually, "part" is already part of an animal that you can eat.
 "Altichoke Heart of Darkness."
 Oh, that's good.
 It's "Heart of Darkness," and I think Andy takes it with a win there.
 I demand a recap.
 Have you guys heard of Barbara Pratt?
 No.
 This is now more on refrigeration than on libraries.
 But she was hired by the shipping company Sea Land, who's now MERSC.
 And basically what would happen is they would refrigerate fruits and vegetables and stuff
 and send it around the world, and then sometimes it would be fine
 and sometimes it would be rotten and no one could work out why.
 And so Barbara Pratt spent seven years living in shipping containers,
 being shipped around the world with a load of vegetables
 and working out how to stop them from going rotten.
 Whoa.
 Is that the one thing more boring than watching paint dry?
 Watching vegetables rot.
 She is an absolutely hero.
 Incredible.
 Isn't that amazing?
 She had bunk bed.
 I don't know why she had a bunk bed, because I can't imagine that.
 Because she had to have some fun, and bunk beds are fun.
 I mean, that's pretty boring.
 I would say, like the Budley, and this is a place where you're probably celibate
 if you're doing this job.
 But yes, she would monitor temperature, airflow, humidity, all that kind of stuff.
 She had loads of microprocessors, all that kind of stuff,
 and eventually worked out the regimes that they used today
 to make sure that peppers and watermelons and stuff can go around the world and not go off.
 That's great. Isn't that amazing?
 Did they ever have like an inspection of the shipping container,
 and they just open it and they find a load of watermelons and Barbara Pratt just goes,
 "Hello."
 I fear that didn't happen.
 That's so good.
 On fridges, you know there's a Guinness World Record for the world's largest fridge.
 Oh, is it not the one that I talked about in America?
 No, it's not that.
 Yeah, the official, according to Guinness World Records,
 is the Large Hadron Collider in CERN.
 And it's because it has 9,300 magnets inside it,
 and they need to be kept at an exact temperature.
 And so it's got 10,800 tons of liquid nitrogen,
 60 tons of liquid helium, and that creates the...
 Does it count as a fridge if you can't put your cold rice from the night before in it?
 But hang on a second.
 We said in the first ever episode of Fish
 that the Large Hadron Collider had to be stopped
 because a bit of tuna baguette was dropped into it.
 That's right.
 So if that is still in there, then it counts as a fridge.
 We need to move on to our next fact.
 It is time for our final fact of the show,
 and that is James.
 OK, my fact this week is that there is an ophthalmologist
 at the University of Leiden called Dr I.C. Notting.
 It does work better in an Irish accent, doesn't it?
 It does, and I'm not going to do it.
 So this was a post that I saw on the website improbable.com,
 which is run by Mark Abraham, who is a friend of ours,
 who's been on Fish, actually, and he runs the Ig Nobel Prizes,
 but he noticed this person.
 And she was part of a team in May this year
 that replaced both lenses in the eyes of a chimpanzee called Fifi.
 Fifi could no longer tolerate light
 because of the situation that she'd been in,
 and so, like, really had the lenses had gone all cloudy,
 and she was the first person to ever do in Europe
 a double cataract operation on a chimpanzee.
 That's super cool, but at the same time a shame,
 because I just want to see a chimpanzee wearing sunglasses
 for the rest of their life.
 And apart from that, I know Notting more about Dr Notting.
 She specialises in neuro-ophthalmology, cataracts,
 and trabismus, which I didn't know means being cross-eyed,
 and she's got a load of papers online,
 but they're so far out of my pay grade.
 It's unbelievable.
 The latest one is spectral domain optical coherence tomography
 in retinal vasculopathy with cerebral leukoencephalopathy
 and systemic manifestations
 and monogenic small vessel disease.
 Right. She sounds clever.
 She sounds super clever.
 She's got a funny name.
 I did find another optometrist called Hugh Seymour, which is a...
 That's great.
 There's a big list of ophthalmologists on Wikipedia,
 and I went down looking for an app name.
 There was a guy who was the first person to prove
 that providone iodine could be safely used
 as an antimicrobial for the eyes.
 He's got a very apt name. His name was Leonard Apt.
 Right.
 He's going to be at home listening to this, thinking,
 "Oh, no, they've done it again."
 So, this fact is basically nominative determinism,
 and the idea of that is you've got a name
 that matches the job that you're doing.
 So, for example, the professor of geology at Exeter University
 is called Dr Stone.
 Did they become professor of that because of the name?
 Did it lead them towards that?
 And there's a lot of people who say there's no truth in that,
 but it is fun when you notice people
 that seem to have gone into it.
 So, Leiden, where you were saying, "I see nothing" is from,
 I looked at the University of Leiden,
 which is a different university,
 just to see if there was any people
 who had similar names to the thing that they do.
 So, I found there's a professor of religion called Peter Bishop,
 but it's Bishop, but it's very, very close.
 The professor of European law is Rick Lawson,
 and they have a professor of anthropology
 who's called Gerard Person.
 Oh, that's good.
 So, do you think that Leiden University
 is just literally choosing people just based on their names?
 Yeah, sounds like it.
 Well, you'd think that academics would be above this kind of thing,
 and if they heard this, they'd be like, "Come on,
 just talk about my area of knowledge."
 But this is one of my favourite things.
 I don't think we've ever mentioned it.
 One of the most important papers ever written in astrophysics,
 the authors were Alpha, Beta and Gamma.
 (LAUGHTER)
 It's not quite Gamma, but it's close enough.
 And the reason for this is a guy called George Gamma,
 who's the professor on the project.
 And this paper was so important.
 It was in 1948, and it basically discovered
 that the background radiation of the Big Bang
 essentially kind of justified the Big Bang happening,
 and it talked about that it created hydrogen and helium
 and all the elements that we now live with today
 in their proportions. Seminal paper.
 So the lead author was George Gamma.
 His PhD student was Ralph Alpha.
 George Gamma said, "Hey, Ralph, wouldn't it be so funny?
 "I've got a colleague called Beta.
 "He's really nothing to do with this whole astrophysics thing,
 "but let's put him as an author on the paper,
 "and then I'll be Alpha, Beta, Gamma."
 And Alpha said, "Absolutely not.
 "This is a huge deal for me. I'm a PhD student."
 No, and he got completely ignored.
 And in fact, not only that, but George Gamma asked
 another one of his colleagues called Herman
 if he'd changed his name to Delta in all they could.
 Oh, wow. That's too far.
 And they went ahead, and, like, he was furious.
 Ralph Alpha was so angry for years afterwards,
 said it completely, like, undid my great achievements.
 So, okay, yeah, nominative determinism.
 We think it's probably bunk,
 but there was a paper by a group of researchers
 about medical workers and, you know,
 all kinds of medical work, and it was a group of researchers
 who found that there was a greater frequency of medical names
 in various specialisms than you would expect by chance.
 And the researchers were named Lim, Lim, Lim and Lim.
 They were in the same family, but still.
 So, you know, they looked in the American director of physicians,
 and they found lots of doctors with the surname Doctor,
 or Fix, or Cure, or Heal.
 And they also found that some promising partnerships
 failed to materialise.
 Doctors Batman and Robin are registered,
 but failed to team up in any speciality.
 It's selfish. It's almost like they've got bigger priorities.
 And the paper which debunked it, which most people point at,
 was in the Journal of Personal and Social Psychology,
 and it was called "I Sell Seashells by the Seashore"
 and my name is Jack.
 -Killjoy. -That's so good.
 I think now, because we've talked about
 so much nominative determinism over the years,
 as in just names that are very apt.
 And now, I feel like we have to go a level up,
 so you've got to, like, do the doubles.
 You know, if two of someone's names are nominative deterministic,
 like Andrew Drinkwater.
 I think that's the loudest head of research
 at the Water Research Centre.
 -That's good. -He drinks water.
 I think that's okay.
 I also like doubles.
 I just spend quite a lot of time looking at the students' guide
 to the seashore that was written by fish and fish.
 I probably spent an hour desperately trying to find out
 if they were related and hoping they weren't,
 because then that would be an amazing catch.
 -Yeah. -Hey.
 They are husband and wife.
 I've discovered deep in the bowels of Cardiff University website.
 I think, and also, Andy's favourite thing of words,
 like, name sentences.
 -Yes. -Yeah, so what are the examples of that we always say?
 Like, Ben Folds and Jeremy Irons.
 -Tom Waits. -Yeah, yeah, I think--
 -Wesley Snipes. -Sting.
 -Sti-- no, not sting. -No.
 It works if it's an imperative, but that's not a proper--
 -Sorry, James. -I was reading a study from 2018,
 and this is about injecting medicine directly into your eyes.
 Okay, that sounds pretty awful,
 but apparently, if you have something called macular edema,
 it really, really helps.
 And the person who came up with that idea
 was a physician called Douglas Jabs.
 -Oh, that's great. -Sentence person.
 -Annenominative determinism. -Yeah, that's amazing.
 -Takes the screen. -I found a urologist
 who performs vasectomies called Dr. Richard Chopp,
 aka Dr. Dick Chopp.
 -That's the double. -Yeah, it's the double.
 -And that's well done. -That's quite a strong one.
 There was, in fact, on a similar vein,
 there was, and I think the 19--
 -Vain. -The--
 Oh.
 There was--
 Ron's clenching.
 There was a quote in the British Medical Journal in 1935,
 a guy calling for all male children to be circumcised
 in order to reduce masturbation, which he thought was very harmful.
 And he was called Richard Cockshut.
 -No. -Very good.
 -Shut that cock, kids. -Shut that cock.
 -That's a hell of a catchphrase.
 It's a sitcom from the '70s, isn't it?
 -Larry Grayson, shut that cock.
 -Have you thought about our names and what we,
 if we were connected to a thing, what would it be?
 -Shrieber is writer. -Shrieber would be writer.
 -Toshinski means, like, little bird.
 -Like a little bird, which is why I'm wearing owls
 on my dress today. -That's right.
 -You'll notice I'm never not wearing a bird.
 -Is that true? -No.
 LAUGHTER
 -I mean, how long have you known that?
 -Yes. Yes and yes.
 But I just thought, "Oh, my God, I can't believe
 "I've never noticed that all this time
 "I'm the worst friend and colleague in the world."
 -It was a test. -I would have thought--
 I think Harkin is just a place in Ireland or something.
 -Well, Harkin's-- No, that's got an interesting thing.
 It goes back and back, and so it's sort of, like,
 changes, but as it goes further back,
 "bloody" and "pig" are two things.
 -Sounds about right. -So a farmer, maybe?
 You knew about the chickens earlier, so maybe that's--
 -What are you? -Well, Murray, yeah.
 -Murray. -I'm surely just a river in Scotland, isn't it?
 -Yes, sea and settlement is the kind of thing.
 -It sounds a bit like Murray if you were a wedding officiant,
 maybe, at a stretch. -I'd love to do that.
 -He murried me today.
 -That sounds disgusting.
 You'd rather he'd murried me.
 -Do you want to get murried? -Murried?
 -No.
 -Reader, I murried him.
 -We need a wrap-up.
 Okay, that is it. That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you would like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we've said over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Shriberland, Andy--
 -At @AndrewHunterM, James--
 -At @JamesHarken, and Anna--
 -You can email our podcast at qi.com.
 -Yep, or you can go to our group account,
 which is @NoSuchThing, or our website,
 @NoSuchThingIsAfish.com.
 All of our previous episodes are up there,
 as well as a link to the current tour
 that we are doing right now, Nerd Immunity.
 Thank you so much, everyone who came tonight.
 Exeter, that was fucking awesome.
 We really enjoyed it. Thank you so much.
 And we will be back again next week with another episode.
 We'll see you then. Goodbye!
 [ Cheers and applause ]
 [ Cheers and applause ]
 [ Cheers and applause ]
 [ Cheers and applause ]
 [ Cheers and applause ]
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
