 Hi guys, just before we start this show, we wanted to let you know we've got a really
 exciting guest on today. We were really looking forward to recording with this person.
 It's a new, up and coming comic and creative talent called Stephen Fry.
 Yeah. I've not heard of him. Well, I think you will have in a couple of years. He's new on the scene.
 Cool. Okay. Well, that's very exciting. And he has this new book out, which is called Heroes.
 It's a fantastic book. It's all about the Greek heroes. So Jason and Hercules,
 slash Hercules and Pegasus, all these familiar characters, but written in the incredible comic
 wit and stylings of Stephen Fry. It's really funny. It's fantastic for kids. And if you're an
 adult who just wants to revisit these stories, I highly recommend it. There you go. That's Heroes
 by Stephen Fry. And then please do also buy book of the year by us. And we should just say this
 is a special extended version of the podcast because Stephen had so much to say and we wanted to
 hear it. We figured you guys would want to hear it. And so enjoy this episode of no such
 things a fish plus. Okay. On with the show.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of no such thing as a fish, a weekly podcast coming to you
 from the QI offices in Covenant Garden. My name is Dan Schreiber. I am sitting here with Anica Zinsky,
 Andrew Hunter Murray, James Harkend, and a special guest. And the man who gave us the name,
 the QI Elbs. It's Stephen Fry. And once again, we have gathered around the microphones with our
 four favorite facts from the last seven days. And in no particular order, here we go. Starting with
 you, Stephen. All right. Yes, I have a fact here. There was a make of toilet paper in Victorian
 England that was so posh every sheet had a watermark to deter counterfeited. Actually, it was so posh,
 it wouldn't have been called toilet paper. It would have been called lavatory paper. If you remember,
 toilet is deeply non-use. As is the word posh. So in fact, it was probably make of lavatory paper that
 was so classy with every sheet had a watermark. But anyway, that's the point. And what does that
 tell us about Victorians and Bathroom Habits? I wonder the revolutionary custom. Well, this was
 on the first toilet papers or lavatory papers, wasn't it? Yeah. What was used before that then? Well,
 there is. We know all the stories of, you know, swans necks and goose necks. Yeah, corncops,
 I think we mentioned before. Yeah. I just wondered what, so for example, this is in the 19th century.
 So this was well after, for example, Jane Austen died. So what are the regency gentry? Or just
 the middle classes? I mean, I can't imagine Jane Austen using a corn cob is all I'm trying to say.
 The way they're called Dolly. I know the French used lace, which is weird because it got holes in it,
 but apparently they did. I know that in many Middle Eastern customers, the hand was always used and
 that's why you don't use the cacan literally the shithand if they may say so. Yeah, cacan did,
 and it's interesting. I don't know many people have watched Peter Jackson's reconstruction
 of, you know, recalorisation of some of that extraordinary museum. First of all, war footage and they
 may remember seeing those men perched on a bar having a poo with their bottoms sort of hanging over. Yes.
 It's a reminded one, obviously, of the very everyday nature of war includes naturally, the very
 everyday nature of emptying the barrels. And there I think one of the comments was from a veteran
 speaking that there was no paper. So our grandfathers and great-grandfathers who thought in that war
 and survived would have all had that same experience. Yeah. And we don't talk about it. Was the
 wipers times? Was that? That's a good point. Yeah. That wasn't signford. It wasn't. No, it was just a
 classic Tommy mispronunciation of Ibrahim. Oh, it's not that. Did you think that? I thought you
 would read it and then wipe your butt. Well, that will be a full lot of me as they say. But a very
 happy one. Yeah. So there is a first world war toilet paper fact, which is that both sides printed
 toilet paper with propaganda on it. So the Germans issued sheets with a series of lying reports
 by our enemies. And British manufacturers did the same thing. And swap them on the other side.
 No, just for you to wipe your bottom with British propaganda. And I don't offer a fact. Because you
 know when we're young and I don't suppose cartoonists still do, but escaping prisoners always used
 to have suits with arrows on them. Yeah. Government property arrows. Well, when I was a young
 and unfortunate criminal convicted and inside a prison, the laboratory paper there was in those
 sort of boxes where there are other crispy leaves intertwined and interleaved, in fact. And they had
 those arrows on. As did the cigarette rolling papers that's got from the shop. But we all had those
 arrows. Surely prisons only plus the arrows. Wouldn't that take some when you left for the
 finger? Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. I'll show you Daniel Bird. Yeah. Yeah.
 American, they get like little tattoos, don't they, to show what they've done. Yes, if you just
 have a piece of arrow of time paper, it's the same job. Well, have we mentioned that they used to,
 so before toilet paper was invented, they used to wipe their bombs on the Farmer's Almaniac,
 didn't they, in America famously. And the Sears catalogue, and they both used to come with a hole
 in them so you could hang it up and then use it as lurals. Yeah. And I was actually listening to a
 podcast, which was saying there are two reasons that suddenly lural was necessary and was taken on.
 One was that we invented plumbing, so suddenly you can't flush a corner on the cob down the
 loo. And the other was the Sears catalogue started coming laminated, started coming with glossy,
 glossy paper. Oh, right. It didn't work at all. Yeah, it was absorbing, but not absorbing.
 The important distinction. I find white troze food illustrated, very uncomfortable every month.
 But this does bring us to a sensitive point about the wiping bottoms. Most people never
 taught her to wipe the bottom. I assume unless there's some memory of a mother during potty training,
 actually explaining it. But there was a new story just the other day about the fact that women are
 being told how to wipe their bottoms. And some people on social media were very angry at being told.
 But the answer is, and you know, this is all too distressing to hear. But that forwards to back
 is the correct female way. It's as a woman, you just are told that. You chant it, practically.
 I think I'm right in saying, guys, we don't do that. Do we? I get the other way. Exactly.
 You go back to... But it doesn't matter for you, obviously. No, we don't have the other, the little...
 You'd have to really miss your target and get it up your way through.
 Frank can open about this. Absolutely. So it's a health issue for women, obviously.
 I'm so glad you're here, Steve. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
 We go and we go on. But it's interesting. We say, bringing the levels up and everything,
 to an alien species looking at us, why they would be very puzzled at the fact that we have these very
 normal and necessary actions that are part of every day, like eating and drinking and having a
 pony and a pea. And indeed, making love in order to whatever whole cohesion or whatever
 one wants to go, in order to propagate the species. And those are the very things that have the taboos.
 Whereas murder and cruelty, we can use those words we can tell us in the traffic was acting as cruel.
 Oh god, it was murder. Is it my hand? Murder kills people. That's the thing we should have a taboo of
 murder. Whereas if you say it was shitting bad traffic, we could do swear.
 Which frame of reference is the dangerous one? Not the pooing. So I'm sure to the very useful
 Martian watching that this should teach us something about how completely screwed up we are. It's so wrong to
 be obsessed. Well, I think wasn't the people who invented Lew Roll on a role for the first time,
 in fact, invented it in the 1890s and 1890s, I think. And they didn't admit to it. And they did it
 under a shell company. They only admitted to it in 1902 because it was such a shameful thing to
 have invented. I met someone who worked for Dalton, the porcelain company, in Staffordshire. And I asked
 Mr. Parsley and I said, "Oh, is a picture he did Staffordshire dogs or something in the governmental
 pieces?" You know, and I said, "There are all the mental things." I said, "What sort of things do you
 specialize in?" He said, "Mother Quiley, heavy wear." I didn't quite know what heavy wear was. And I said,
 "It worked out what he meant was bathrooms and lavatories." It was heavy wear. The proper porcelain.
 Really? Just speaking of the late 1800s and which way to wipe, I saw the patent for the first toilet
 roll. And it sort of answers the question of which way you meant to hang the roll. Does the paper come
 down underneath or does it go over? So which do you think it is? Well, I was thought forward, so you
 can grab it and that's the way hotels do it because they do a little coy, provocative peek.
 Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. That's correct. It's that way in the patent. It's not a great question.
 But the thing about the little peek is supposed to be having works in a hotel. It's so that the
 housekeepers can tell if the room has been serviced. So it's the last thing they do. And so if that's
 done, it means they know that it's fine. So if I was a housekeeper, I'd just do that. Do the rooms
 very quickly. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. So if they got in and they saw that there were sort of one
 towel position and then all men say, well, that could have just been the person staying here. Let me
 check the bathroom. So there was a, sorry, no, I'm just thinking so. Yes, the first company to make
 Lurel disclaimed it or hid it. I wonder when it was first advertised them, when it was first allowed
 into magazines and then into television. We all familiar with Andrex and his puppy and everything.
 And I'm old enough to remember the Hullabaloo when it was allowed to have female sanitary
 products as they call them advertised on TV. And everyone said that was the beginning of the end.
 It's disgusting. I don't see that. But presumably there may have been a similar moment when
 Leverty paper was first advertised. Yeah. Well, but there's only you never, you still never see
 Lurel paper or sanitary pads with the thing on them that they're supposed to clear up. I mean,
 I wonder if men think that we have blue periods. Because the only thing you see is a drop of blue
 That's only Picasso has a blue period. There is one that says for your bum, this isn't there.
 There was one that has a, but yes, I thought, remember my friend, you and I, we wanted to do
 women in, when we were heavy voiceover, performance in the 80s and doing all kinds of
 adverts and things. We thought, why don't they do that? Be brilliant. Wipes your bottom
 beautifully. That was all you need. It just wipes your bottom. Brilliant. So this company is Scots who
 did this Lurel and they couldn't advertise. I know that much at least. And they sold it under the
 counter in the chemists. So you'd have to go in and they would just kind of, they would even put it
 on the shelf. Technically, actually, it should have been placed over the counter according to the
 patent. Yeah. And the outside Lurel would be a string with, with newspaper news. You say the holes
 in the CSCenter. Yeah. I found a man, this is a two years ago, this is in 2016, it was a man who
 was fined in court after paying for a takeaway with a ten pound note that he had printed onto
 some toilet paper. It's incredible cut spa. He used this computer and he just used the desktop
 computer and a normal printer and he just put the Lurel into the printer. Wow. His defence
 barrister said, this is going to be the most expensive takeaway of Mr Coban's life.
 Is the great achievement of Peter Bezlegett and not Peter, but is it Joseph? I mean, don't know,
 is the great achievement of Joseph Bezlegett to be undone by the arrival of Moist laboratory
 because this seems to be now considered unflashable and the interview everybody uses it, a lot of
 people use it. Yes. Yeah. And there was a report just recently saying there is, they did tests,
 there is no style of moist paper or wipe that is suitable for our sewers without creating
 blocks that cost millions. The fat birds, yeah. Everything has a, everything costs a shadow in this
 world. There is no such thing as a free lunch, there is a free bottom wipe. It's got it somewhere,
 isn't it? It was the number one cause I think they found of those big fat birds that they were
 finding in the sewers. As in, if you took percentages of what made it up, the fat, the wet wipes,
 which were largely I think more for babies than they are for adults, for cleaning nappies,
 that's what they found. And I read that we basically have KFC to blame for that. Colonel Sanders
 is the person who took the wet wipe and first introduced it into restaurants, and that's spread
 around the world. Yeah. So before we were, I think that's what you make. Another voice over is
 coming back to you. They do make sense though. I mean it is bizarre and I think people in other countries
 think we're bizarre that we use dry paper to get rid of that when it makes no sense not to apply
 water. I mean we wash our hands if we think there might be one bacteria on it and we cover our
 bottoms with it. Forward the B day. Yes. It will indeed. Yeah. The answer but no one has room for a B day,
 but what they do have room for and these becoming more and more popular. A little installation. So
 it's a now quite cheap of a Japanese style. You know the kind of thing. Yes. If you join into your
 plumbing, it's a seat and you have a remote control and you press buttons and it oscillates a jet
 up the jacksy and it has a female setting and a male setting and it can also offer hot air to
 dry zero madams backside. And these are becoming more and more popular and consider very healthy and
 of course there is nothing goes into the sewer except once you've dropped in there in nature's way.
 So there is obviously it costs energy because they're electric. Yeah. But those are going to be
 more and more popular. It's so funny you're just because your voice is so perfect for talking
 and selling things as you did that. I thought your voice would be fantastic for that with
 Sarah or Madame enjoy a jet up the jacksy. There's a great story about one of my heroes one of my
 cinematic heroes as well. Many people's cinematic here a billy wilder of the great. Oh yeah.
 Director, you know, some like it hot. Yeah. Some sort of a boulevard, whatever. Many many great films
 and I think he was in Paris with Marilyn Monroe and Tony Curtis and Jack lemon and trying to keep
 control particularly of Tony Curtis and Marilyn Monroe and his wife Audrey who might met
 fun enough. She told me this story was true. Had said to him, honey, I want you when you're in Paris
 to get a proper Parisian bidet because the you know the wall cuts have got one or whoever it was.
 Some family that she sort of keeping up with the Jonesed with and she felt that they wanted and he
 said sure, honey, I get you. I get you don't problem. Anyway, he was so busy. He was so busy in Paris
 that he just didn't get hold of it and he didn't even have time to look at a plumbing supply shop and
 have a bidet shipped over from Paris to Beverly Hills and on in the car on the way to
 Wassie or whatever the airport was then in Paris. He suddenly remembered and he stopped off
 at a bureau de post to send a telegram to prepare for disappointments and honey tried everywhere
 no bidets in Paris suggest doing handstand in shower. I love bidet which you might all know this but
 is named after a small extinct donkey or horse. How did you know it? Yeah, so bidet is French for
 this species of small horse and so small that the idea is with a bidet you'd be straddling it like
 like this little wing. Was it a real animal? Yeah, it's a real animal. In Italian the word for bidet
 translates as hygienic little horse. Same thing, yeah. But I didn't think it was based on an
 extinct real animal which people rode to clean. No, no, no, no, no, no. No, like a burrito looks like
 a little donkey but it doesn't mean people eat donkeys in the way they are burritos. Got tide
 travelers when you go back open the toilet there's a corn of coal and there's a donkey. What am I
 meant to do here? There's toilet paper that we were talking about the main facts. It was shown
 at the 1878 Paris exposition and it won the highest prize. So it was seen as such an innovation
 in anti-counterfeasing, in actual quality of lavatory loo roll. So the watermark was the maker of
 the, it wasn't that you could have it in your own family crest. It was the, it was the watermark of
 the manufacturer of the roll. Promo, that's right. Promo, exactly, yeah. And that's where they were,
 right? Yeah, yeah. And there's the best they made. They must, they had amazing inventions in the
 Victorian era. Do you know the travelator I think was there? Sometimes it's, yeah. Sometimes it's
 the simplest of their actions that are the best though, isn't it? You're right. We do still all use
 loo rolls. Yeah, we don't use it. There was a period when they were, they called themselves
 'medicated', which is a suspect not a legally enforceable meaning for word. But IZile
 medicated, we had at my crept school, which was the hideously tissy we wanted, and Bronco,
 they claimed to be medicated, what they were medicated with, I don't know. The first package
 toilet paper was made by Gayati, Joseph Gayati, and he called it the therapeutic paper.
 Somewhat it named after Queen Victoria. What an honor. Victorian brands of toilet paper, I just
 found a list of a few, and they included things like Baldog and Sampson and Virilla. That is great.
 But there were also others called Victoria and Queen and Gloria Victus. Good, it was close. Yeah.
 Can I tell you about one, because this is a Victorian invention. Oh yeah. And a Victorian
 invention that actually was made that I had never heard of before, but bifocals for horses.
 And they got these. So this was in the 1880s, 1887. Someone went into a pharmacy and said,
 "My horse has gone shortsighted, I'm a cab driver." But the thing is, he likes to read the paper, so...
 Wake up, walking into things. He's not getting as many tips as he used to. And it was actually
 tried out, and there are pictures of this horse. There are photographs of this horse wearing
 these bifocals, which apparently it didn't like at first, but then it refused to go without them.
 And it got taken up by a handsome cab driver's, because what they actually did was
 make the road seem like it was rising up in the horse's face, and so they used to pick up their
 hooves much higher. And that looked, you know, that was my posh. So they started burying them.
 So that actually happened? My focals, as we know, were invented by Benjamin Franklin, weren't they?
 Oh, yes, yes. But not quite one. That's rather interesting. Another bit of a bizarre invention from the
 Victorian times. They used to, if you went to a pub or any kind of restaurant, the opposite of today,
 smoking, the smell of smoke was actively encouraged, and it made the place feel like somewhere you
 wanted to be, somewhere that was happening. So a lot of problem was, if a restaurant started
 its day, it was not full of smoke. So someone invented an automatic smoking machine. The machine
 would have lip cigarettes, sort of bellows, exactly, and it would come out. And so the idea is that it
 would sort of cover the restaurant in this mist of smoke. And you go, oh, it can go off. Fantastic.
 What happening? What a happening restaurant. Wow. Do we know if that got made?
 No, I mean, it got made, but I don't know if it was six, I don't know if they made more than one.
 Oh, but they made a model of it. That is amazing. They used to have competitive smoking and
 pubs in the UK in the early 20th century. Yeah, and you would have a pipe and you'd have to keep it.
 Oh, yes, that went on way, way into my lifetime. Oh, yeah. To keep it in America, they had it to,
 yeah, everyone had an identical clay pipe. The whole point was it had to be sort of controlled,
 a clay pipe, an identical quantity of pipe tobacco. And it was their job to light it and keep it
 going for as long as possible and staggering along. You know, you or I would have just kind of
 gone out in seconds, but they could keep it going for hours and hours, putting their fingers
 over the top of the bowl and just load. It's lost art. It is. I was the very last pipe smoker of the year,
 ever. Oh, yes, yes. So it used to be a very popular thing every year. It was a big dinner at the
 Savoy Hotel, sponsored by Alfred Dunhill, who in those days were primarily tobacco nests.
 Yeah, our fashion house, of course. But their shop in Germain Street was filled with huge jars of
 tobacco. And they would call them your sort. Snuff and tobacco were called a sort. So you'd hear
 someone come in and they go, "Hello, you're gracious." "Oh, sorry, come in." "Have you got any of my sort in?"
 So it would be a mixture of Cavendish and these strange names that these particular types of
 tobacco had. And anyway, it was actually QI. It was the very first QI. I agreed to do an interview
 for the independent, I think it was, to publicise QI as a new programme. And I went to the Gratio Club,
 and at the time I had decided to try and cut down cigarette smoking. But I always carried a pipe
 with me. I always loved smoking, but the first pipe of the day I really enjoyed. So I had a pipe,
 and I really felt like smoking and in those days you could smoke anywhere. And so I let the pipe,
 and the photographer was taking pictures on me, and it was on the front of the independent
 that next day, or whatever, the following week. And immediately I got a letter from the pipe smoking.
 So it's a desperate thing. Finally, because the old days they had Harold Wilson and Eric Morker,
 and all these kind of people who'd be the pipe smokers of the year. But it was running thin on the
 ground, and Russ Aberton. And finally, they said, "Well, I don't really regularly smoke." And
 they made me a special pipe, which I still have, which is in the shape of a BBC microphone.
 You can disassemble it like the man with a golden gun, and he's a very apparatus, and turn
 into a pipe. And it was really, really fun. Are you technically the reigning? I am.
 Yeah, I think they gave a very special lifetime pipe award to the comedy writer Lawrence Marx,
 who was also on the board of the pipe smoking association. And obviously we all deprecate smoking now,
 and I don't smoke anymore, and I haven't for 12 years, I think it is. But I sometimes think,
 you know, when I had a bit of a cancer scare the earlier this year, I kind of think,
 when I got my death sentence, I would probably just order a pipe online, and a great, you know,
 big, great vat of tobacco, and just carry on again. But I probably wouldn't actually,
 I mean, it probably tastes horrible in my mouth, but it is a memory of that. But I'm old enough to
 remember smoking cinema, smoking the tube, smoking buses, smoking absolutely everywhere,
 even in church. You know, their grand families had their box pews with brass, brass,
 off trays, so they were in the square, and they had a cigar, obviously, to the sermon. But it was
 short, it was really, I mean, apart from pipes, you know, with a wall to rally, it was really
 Oscar Wilde's generation that made cigarettes popular, and they were considered very decadent
 and extraordinary. And that was in the 1890s, but by 15 years later, virtually old, 20 years later,
 it was the middle of the first world war. Everyone did it. I mean, it was just everybody.
 But if we've only had about a century of it, basically. And now, of course, it looks weird,
 if you keep doing it in, you know, like, again, that Peter Jackson thing, you just saw all those
 Thomas smoking away. I love those things, which it's like, throughout all of history, no one
 smoked, and then for 100 years, everyone smoked, and then for the rest of time, no one will smoke
 again, so it's just, even though to us, it's a normal thing. It's completely unusual in the
 history of, there's that amazing moment as well, that America experienced, and it's covered in a
 Adam Curtis documentary, Power of Nightmares, I think, that the documentary is called, and the idea
 was that they realized in America that it was only men smoking, and they needed women to smoke as well.
 Oh, just Freud's brother in law, isn't it? Yes, it is. Yeah, and the idea was that they empowered
 the women of America to start smoking, saying that they were something like sticks of freedom,
 or liberty, liberty of torches, the very first photograph of them, he paid for them to walk down Fifth
 Avenue with cigarettes, yes, to very famous picture. I think, yes, it's the same member of the Freud
 family who invented bacon and eggs, but he was the father of the advertising. The father of healthy
 okay, it's time for fact number two, and that is Andy. My fact is that in 1972, a Canadian DJ held a
 contest to choose a Canadian national simile, like as American as apple pie. The winning entry was,
 as Canadian as possible under the circumstances. So they don't know what similes are for us.
 Yeah, this was a DJ called Peter Zasky, and he was a great Canadian broadcaster and he
 hosted shows for decades, and lots of aspects of Canadian life he analysed and examined, and he
 hosted this competition. A 17-year-old student came up with that slogan as Canadian as possible,
 and weirdly, Zasky, he just speaking about smoking, he won throws an essay called How to Quit Smoking
 in 50 Years or Less. Brilliant, I like it. Yeah, humorists and Canada, lots of those. Do you believe
 me? Of course, he was writing humorists, but all those comedians like Dan Atcroyden,
 they were honest, and there were so many of them. Yeah, they have an unfair reputation, don't they,
 for being dull, given that I'm not saying I believe that it is a reputation they have.
 Is it? I think nice, but a bit dull. I remember when I first went to Toronto,
 years and years and years ago, and I called up my friend and colleague, we were working together,
 all the time then, Hugh Laurie, and he had never been at that point too. And he asked what it was like,
 I said, I think probably I can best describe how Toronto is by saying that I asked the front desk,
 you know, what attractions they were to see, and they said, well, there's a the Bali Footwear Museum,
 and we laughed at that, and then two days later I said, I can give you a clearer idea of Toronto now.
 I had nothing better to do than go to Bali Footwear Museum, but in fairness to Toronto,
 it is improved enormously, that's what God said. The museum or the whole city, one the world series,
 twice in a row, the Blue Jays, and it became a, you know, and now it's, yeah, it's pretty,
 I just spent three months in Niagara on the Lake, which is beautiful. Oh, wow.
 Just on the right on the American border. Oh, really? And that was stunning. And they are very
 aware of how the world looks at them, and they know that they're a bit overflight and a bit of work,
 I was, you know, and do you find, they are actually factually like that, aren't they? I mean, there was a study
 done looking at people's Twitter feeds, and it was only comparing American and Canadian Twitter feeds,
 but the preponderance of words on American Twitter feeds were negative things, so like,
 hate and damn and bored and annoying, and then on Canadian feeds, they're all just saying words
 like favourite and gorgeous. Who even says gorgeous anymore? Great, amazing. In Ontario, they have
 the Apology Act that came in in 2009, and that's because people apologise all the time, and then
 law now is that an apology is not allowed to be considered an admission of guilt, because what would
 happen is you'd have a little car crash or something, and they go, sorry, sorry, and they go, well, he said,
 sorry, that's the admission of liability, and of course it is, it is just a natural instinct. That's
 so good. Just on the boredom thing, there is a town in Canada called Ocatokes. I don't,
 has anyone been? No, no. Well, they had a Taurus slogan, and it was, there are a number of things to do
 in Ocatokes. Very nice. And that number is zero. My friend John Sessions did his post-graduate
 doctorate at University in Canada, and he waxes very, very miracle on his contempt for some of the more
 dull sides of it. Back then, in the 80s, I guess, or in the 80s, even in his case. And I happened to be in
 Oxford at the Oxford, I was filming there, and there's the Oxford University press shop on the
 high or the broader one. And I was ordering the new Oxford English Dictionary, the second edition
 of the whole thing, and there was a special price for a early buyer of it, and it wasn't in the shop,
 it was in the depository in Northampton, and they would send it to any address, and it was, I didn't
 know, £1200 or something. It's a huge number of volumes of this massive dictionary, and I was terribly
 pleased with it, and then I was looking around, and I saw one of those Oxford books, you know,
 you have Oxford books of the quotations, and so on. This was the Oxford book of Canadian political
 anecdotes. And I thought I must understand John Sessions in the scene. How could you fill a book with
 Canadians? Anyway, I thought it was the most amazing, so I took it up to the front of the desk,
 and then who should come into the shop? Jeremy Paxman, who's been across the road at All Souls,
 having a lunch, because he was doing a book on the British establishment. So we what hoed and said
 her though, and I sort of vague the new, and I said, look at this book I've got here, it's the Oxford
 book of Canadian political anecdotes, and he said, and then the assistant behind the desk said,
 that'll be 1217 hours. And Jeremy Paxman could only see that book. And I said, oh yes, very
 rare book. I mean, Canadian political anecdotes, Jeremy, come on. And he was like, I can't
 bad. And the assistant bless him, he joined in, said, oh yes, yes, very, very rare. So I signed it,
 and Paxman went off pulling and he said, doing all those Paxmony books, sort of expressions,
 and then it wasn't until two years later, I was filming again in Oxford, and I'd been asked to do
 this spectator diary, you know. And so I told that story in the spectator diary, and about two days later,
 I got this furious letter from Jeremy Paxman, I have been dining out. How mad you are. I know I'd
 discover. There's something else Canadians are very well known for, is saying A, are you all right,
 it's nice weather today, A, but not in that accent, in a Canadian accent. The Canadian alphabet A,
 exactly. So the University of British Columbia has an official A lab, which is, it's their syntax
 of speech lab, it's where you go, if you want to study the linguistics of that kind of thing,
 and it's called the A lab. Oh, very good. Yes, and I think it's first, so it goes back a long time,
 it goes back to before Canada was a country at all, so 1773, it appeared in an Irish play,
 and you know Irish people went to Canada, and then it appeared in a book in the 1830s that was
 completely littered with it. But yeah, it's real wise, they might do that. So I think there's
 been a suggestion that there is a small bit of England where there's a similar inflection,
 and I can't remember where it is actually, but people took it from there. Because the accent is not
 dissimilar as it creeps over the border into Wisconsin, and North Dakota, you think, that movie Fargo,
 and the wonderful Frances McDormand performance of there, who got a question here, police work there,
 kind of it's got that similar kind of slight, and there the reason is supposedly the Scandal
 region input into Wisconsin, and they're all called Sorenson, in favour of the Bill Macy County,
 it's called Gunderson, I think, isn't it? They've all got names like that. It's just the size of the
 place. I think America's big, but Canada fans out into a greater width than up into the Arctic Circle.
 There's a great story, isn't there? So it's like a gap year where a woman writes to her sister,
 who's Canadian, and says, "My son, your nephew's got his gap year, and he's he'd be landing in Newfoundland,
 well, if you could pick him up, and her sister lived in British Columbia." So she sent her
 a reply back saying, "Why do you, your nearer?" "We are nearer here in Britain to that coast,
 and we're all so good." I was reading about Lumberjack's classic, Canadian. I love that a female Lumberjack
 is a Lumberjil, I think that's a lovely term, but I've discovered there's a thing they, the clothing,
 I was reading about their clothing, and there have been Lumberjack trousers invented, which I've
 never seen before, and the idea is that they are chainsaw proof. You can't chainsaw through them,
 and there are videos on YouTube of Lumberjack's showing you, and they all start the video by going,
 "Do not do this at home, do not do this at home, do not do this at home." And they
 rev it up, and the chainsaw gets going, and they just slam it down onto their trousers,
 and the fabric, it's eight layers of a plastic that are, there's a whole science video you can
 watch about the beauty of the science of how it works, and you can watch it and immediately get
 chewed up in the trousers, and store the chainsaw immediately. It's extraordinary, and
 scary, in the first person to try it. And yet, it can set a dream. Yes, exactly.
 You have imagined a fact that you were going out, and you're also Lumberjack wife, and put out your
 other pair of trousers that morning, just off to do my filming, honey. Oh, great, have fun!
 So, I was looking up other slogans in Canada, and place name slogans,
 so Ottawa launched a new slogan in 2001, and the slogan was, "Technically beautiful."
 What they were trying to say is that it's technologically advanced, it's great,
 with a Canadian broadcasting corporation, they responded, saying the response to the slogan
 might be described as technically mixed. I do have to share with you, just on the basis of that,
 so as you interrupt. But this thing of getting yourself a phrase, a logo, a strapline,
 what have you wanted to call it, as a country, a city, a state, and when I was touring across
 all the American states, for BBC documentary years ago, you noticed every time we crossed a
 state line that they would say, "Welcome to Mississippi," and it would have its official name,
 the Magnolia State, and there'd be some phrase like, "Come play," or something like that, you know.
 And the one that I really wanted to congratulate was Kentucky. Kentucky is probably known for two
 things. I mean, the blue grass state is its official nickname, but they wanted a kind of one that
 expressed what it was to be a Kentucky. And you think of two things, you think of the Kentucky
 Derby, and you think of Bourbon, and they came up with a two word phrase that incorporated both
 that, both those two things, and it's beautiful. Horse throat, because you'll have a horse throat
 if you drink Bourbon, and they have lots of horse throat. I know, it's unbridled spirit.
 Isn't that great? Oh, genius. Whoever thought of that deserves it.
 Did I have the case of Makers Mark? Yours would have been runner-up, I hope you could run better
 than horse throat. You're good. You've got the idea. They're weirdly interesting
 identity, aren't they, though, in state slogans, and it really took off in the 20s and 30s, I think,
 and they've all got state symbols. And in fact, I've put down here Mexico, but I think I meant to write
 New Mexico, because Mexico is not a state of America. New Mexico is the only U.S. state that has,
 and it's legally enshrined, a official state question. And the state question is red or green.
 And do you know why? Is it a game show or something? No, it's because Chile is very important in the
 cuisine. And apparently, you know, you're asking a restaurant red or green, and that's what you
 go for, so they've got a state question. We could have tomato sauce or brown sauce as the British
 one. As Danny Baker does on the show, we never had brown sauce. And I wasn't making a point,
 I didn't. It's going to disapprove of brown sauce, and they're my very closest friends, and my admire,
 and they'll regularly buy it. I just have never tried it. Have you sensed it? I've never
 watched strictly come done, so it's just one of those things that I've never got round two,
 and I'm very strong-feeding, I never will. It does upset some people, because they're excited.
 Did they bring your brown sauce to try? I haven't tasted it, isn't it? It's perfectly
 nice. It's slightly vinegry for me, but it makes me cough a bit when it first breath in, you know? I
 think it's because that's two quintessentially British things. Yes. Stephen Fry and brown sauce,
 it feels like they should be together, isn't it? Well, you see, this is it, whenever there's a binary
 question, like, you know, tomato ketchup or brown sauce, I will immediately assume there isn't,
 I'll say, mustard. Really annoying people. Some more Canadian things, but it's very cold in
 Canada, famous. They're coldest they've ever had is -62.8 degrees, and that was in a place called
 Snag in Yukon, and the residents would walk around like zombies, because if they walked too fast,
 they would get out of breath, and the something to do with the way that the air went meant that you
 could hear things from a massive distance, so it was very, very dry air and very, very dense in
 nature, like as in underwater travels. Yeah, absolutely, and it meant that you could hear people talking
 from five kilometres away, you could overhear the conversations. Oh no, with a lot of fallings out,
 neighbors bitching about people in the next town. You're walking so slowly that you can't get to
 them to say, "Hey, hey, have not put on winter weight thanks very much." I did a film in Winnipeg once,
 and then that gets to -40, which is very, very cold. I told my father that my brother, who's
 there, said, "Is that centigrade or Fahrenheit?" My father, who's a physicist, really,
 came back straight away, said, "I'm making a difference." My brother was very cross about this.
 I mean, it doesn't make any difference. It makes a difference. Of course, it makes a difference,
 and my father just happened to know and was not giving it away, that -40 is exactly, I say,
 that's great, and that's our night. It's the one point where they're identical, so when it's -40,
 it doesn't make any difference. Which you're using Celsius or Fahrenheit. I hope you never reveal
 the reason. No, it's the kind of person who, if you've got cold in the kitchen, would open the fridge,
 you know, like a true physicist, to warm the room. Yes. And those of us who are superstitious about
 these things would go, "But surely he's going to make the room colder." You go, "Don't you know anything
 about thermodynamics? You can only make it warmer." I was wondering about national stereotypes,
 and we're like across the world, and how old they are, and partly because I'm reading Martin
 Chasawit at the moment, which has amazing descriptions of Americans in it. And it's just so interesting
 that his descriptions are hilarious, and exactly what you describe. Very satirical. The so satirical.
 So it's brilliant. So one of my favourite scenes is where Martin has just gone to America spoiler,
 and he's hanging out with Americans for the first time, and he's astonished at how much they eat,
 and how fast they eat. And I just loved his quote that said, "The poultry, there was a turkey at
 the top, a pair of ducks at the bottom, and two fows in the middle, disappeared as rapidly as if
 every bird had had the use of its wings, and had flown in desperation down a human throat."
 He was sadly disappointed in America, though, Dickens, wasn't it? In his matches,
 there's that wonderful bit in Chasawit. Have you come up to it yet? The Water Tows Society.
 Yes. Which is really... The Water Tows Society is an American
 Athenian Society, a homerole for island society. And Chasawit is invited to, as someone who
 apparently believes in homerole for the Irish, and all the Americans say how cruel the lion of
 Albion with its paws and its claws tearing at the throat of the free Irish, and the Water Tows Society
 exists to spread the gospel of freedom for all people. And Chasawit got up and said, "Yes,
 and I know you must all feel the same about your slaves and your Indians." And there was a terrible
 silence, and they burned the Water Tows meeting all down to the ground, and the societies never heard
 of again. And his Dickens really, having a go at the fact that Americans were all very good at
 saying how... "Tut, tut, tut, look at you and island, but the moment the torch was right back on them."
 Yeah, the hypocrisy of it is amazing. And he, as well, just speaking, have been the first fact about
 anti-counterfeit measures of the watermark. Wasn't a large part of his life dominated by stopping
 the copying of his books and reselling, and that took a huge part of his hatred for America,
 again, because that's where it wasn't. He tried to get twain and all sorts of...
 He very first, but when he was a young man, and never been heard of, and he was just doing the text
 to a famous illustrator, and he did the text of the proceedings of the Pickwood Club,
 and slowly it just took off, and everyone said, "Who is this? Right at the right?"
 Yes, the drawings are very nice, but the writing... Before it had even finished,
 it seared nice form. There were the pinkal wick papers, the piggy wick chronicles.
 There were so many of these pirate versions floating around, and Dickens was always furious at that.
 Yes, yeah. I love the idea of sort of back alley editions of Dickens. You think you're buying
 some uncut pickwick. You get at home and open the papers, and it turns out you've got some pinkal wick.
 If you read the diaries of the James family, for example, Henry Jameson, his brother William,
 the famous university, the psychiatrist, I mean, and the all-cotts and all the new England literary
 families, they would gather together on a Sunday, and the previous Saturday, one of them would have
 gone down to the docks to get the latest Dickens, and they would arrive in bundles, and they'd be
 cut open, and you would, you know, you race home with it, bring up many people around from, you know,
 who are of a similar literary bento, or excited and read the next chapter. And it was like the most
 exciting thing. And Henry James talks about remembering this as a boy sitting under the table, and
 in particular, the one that we now most laugh at, or is probably least regarded as a great Dickens novel,
 is the old curiosity shop, and partly because of Oscar Wilde's famous comment is that you have to have
 a heart of stone to read of the death of Little Nell without laughing. But there was so excited
 about Little Nell, that there was a riot at the docks in Boston. Everyone shouting, "Is Nell dead?
 Is Nell dead?" And it was like, you know, later on there was the JR in Dallas, and there had been
 such things, and I guess people want to know what the finale of this Game of Thrones episode is,
 really nothing touch that exciting. And am I right in saying they people on the ship actually
 announced it. It wasn't even the point of taking at home and reading. Someone said, "Yeah,
 it's a little bit smaller. Little Nell died. Bill Hayden is the mole. Colour defect."
 Sorry, don't broadcast them. Don't broadcast them. We need to get a new captain of this ship.
 This guy is really an erasure in the merger of Roger Acroix, who does the murder.
 Oh, gosh. A policeman in Uncle Poro's Christmas.
 Somebody unwinded.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three, and that is Chuzensky.
 Yes, my fact this week is that the scholar who first discovered that the Noah's Ark story
 predates the Bible, got so excited by it that he stripped off his clothes and ran naked around
 the British Museum. And this was just how thrilling it was. This was in 1853, and this amazing discovery
 was made, which was basically the palaces of this great Assyrian king and the Library of Nineveh,
 and this person found them, and then this scholar called George Smith back in the British Museum.
 He was very devout Christian, translated this tablet and realised this is the Noah's story,
 and freaked out. Apparently took some clothes off and ran around the museum, but it was fair enough
 because it was a big deal. Yeah, the excitement was so great for him that was his only way of expressing
 he wasn't an odist basically, it was just, it was too much in the moment.
 Certain he was completely stark as he may have been. I think he took off some clothes, some sources say,
 you know, maybe he kept his willy in. I tell you what though, they get excited about things
 in very odd ways at the British Museum. I have a friend who James and I know, and I think Steven
 you might have met him, he's called Irving Phil. Oh, yeah, the great, yeah, the great, the great,
 which, the Kuneiform, yeah, and I was, I was behind the scenes with him at the museum, and he
 showed me a sort of a cast of the of the tablet, the Kuneiform Noah's Ark tablet that he used to
 study because he actually studied it further, decoded certain aspects of it that had not been seen
 before, which was the actual measurements from Noah's Ark and they recreated it, which is amazing.
 But while we were sitting there in the very beginning of our meeting, he suddenly got an email
 and jumped up from a seat and he went quick, run, and we ran through the corridor. I was chasing him.
 - He didn't make it at the time. - No, we're all, all because of him. - He's in the nippers and he bearded
 individual all the way through. - Yeah, so what it looks wonderful. But so he sort of ran down the corridor
 and then he cut into the kitchen and we stopped, what happened? And he said there's just
 been an announcement, there's orange juice in the fridge for any member of a sack. And so you've got
 to be quick, everyone gets to it before I do. And we quickly had two cups and went back into his room.
 So that is classic academic everyone. I first went to Cambridge to do an interview at Cambridge.
 I saw these two old dons in black gowns and I thought I'll follow them and I'll hear them talking about
 Aristotle or something really, really intellectual. And one of them was saying, "No, no, it comes in a
 small packet about the size of a single play record, a 45 RPM record. And it's full of community
 little pieces that come to life when you pour boiling water in them. And I assure you, it's singularly
 toothed. A chicken noodle. The company is called Nor with a K, a silent K. And that's what they were
 talking about. I was thinking, "Wow, that's not what I expected." But it was very pleasing as I thought.
 But so this academic, what was it, do you, do you know his name? - George Smith. - Yes.
 And was it the cognitive dissonance isn't quite the way? Was it the shock that the Bible might not
 story might not be true or that it is true, but not as the Bible tells it? - It's confusing because
 he was pleased. Whereas I would have thought, yes, I was shocking, but I think it was almost like good,
 this is verifying that the Bible was the truth perhaps. - He was obsessed with his tablets. - Yes.
 - Because of course the Greeks also run the same time they had a flood, myth, dukele, and imperial. - Yes.
 And the same thing, they had a wooden chest, it's called in, the way it's translated, but he might
 as well be called an ark, because an ark is a chest as much as it is anything else. The ark of
 the covenant is a chest after all, it's a strange word. And so the dukele and imperial was the daughter
 of Pandora, the first woman. So it's a very early thing that mankind displeased the gods and they
 sent the flood. And dukele and imperial survived because they were warned about it. And then when
 they landed, it wasn't on, well we think now, Mount Ararat, the supposedly the ark landed,
 they said many people believed Noah's Ark was a Mount Ararat, but it landed somewhere in, and
 they were told by Athena, I think it was, they were told to throw the bones of their mother over
 their shoulders. And they didn't know what that meant. And they were very confused. They said,
 "Oh, the bones of my mother, it's the stones of the mother earth." So they threw stones and
 whatever, pure, threw a stone over her shoulder, a woman sprang up out of the ground and wherever,
 to carry in a man's sprang up. So it's always one of those, you know, auto-ethonic stories.
 - But you don't want to take that literally, actually. - But it's a similar thing of a punishment,
 and the Philemon and Bauchist stories also gather with another flood. And so they exist, you know,
 at least two versions in Greek myth. Many others in other Mediterranean myths, it's Sumerian,
 Akkadian, Babylonian, I think. - I mean, I think these guys stole a lot from the Babylonians,
 in fact, the Assyrian, so they probably got it. But yeah, they all have been passed down
 for one or another. - Is it like that 5,000 BC? Was it when there was all those civilizations,
 the Mayans, and all these cities, something were evacuated. These great, there seems to have been a plague
 that was common across early civilizations. - How amazing is that? It's passed down. - Yes, and of course,
 yeah, that's so... - But this myth is particularly bizarre. So this is how the Assyrian
 myth had it in the Library of Nineveh when they found it. And I didn't realize this is in the
 epic of Gilgamesh, so the very famous discovery, my famous discovery that was made there. And the belief,
 the story as it was told was that there was this huge flood. And before the flood, then God had
 delivered all his messages to people via these fish, these weird fish creatures. So they were right
 near the Persian Gulf, and the idea was these huge fish creatures used to come out of the Persian
 Gulf in the day, and they'd go and they'd tell the Assyrians what to do. They'd be like, don't drink that,
 be nice to your mum, et cetera. And then this huge flood came, and it basically poisoned the
 fish creatures, so they never came back. And after the flood, there was lots of disease because it,
 you know, floods will cause disease. And it was thought that was part of the God's punishment.
 From that moment on, the God stopped visiting them with these fish creatures. And so, yeah,
 that was the thing, and that was why he had to have human scholars, who were the ones who then
 received messages from the God's via strange, critical ways. - And in the Hebrew myth as well,
 it's the same thing that God provides a rainbow at the end of the, as a covenant, that he will not
 interfere again. So it also marks the slight withdrawal of God from the people of Israel,
 these chosen people, at that moment, that he's more distant from a few prophets. - It's like a show
 creator handing over, you know, it's like Russell T. Davis to Stephen Moffert. - So is the vibe not,
 all right, fine, is that's how you want to do it? I'll leave you to it. Is it a bitter kind of God
 saying, fine, whatever, get on with it then. - There's still some things that are punished,
 and in the same way that the real punishment is a transgression of Zenia in Greek mythology,
 which is the guest friendship, and you honor you as a host to a stranger who comes to your door,
 and that that's really what the story of Philemon about this is about, and that's why they're
 visiting with a flood because everyone in the village turns away Zeus and Hermes, who appear as
 travelers, except these old couple who welcome them, and that actually is closer to the story of
 Latin, his wife, in the sins, you know, the city of the plain, the Sodom and Gomorrah. If you remember,
 angels come, you're looking puzzled as if you haven't read the Bible, maybe, and but... - From Tabbat,
 many times. - That famous goal is the way to do it, isn't it?
 You certainly have heard of Sodom and Gomorrah, and what happens is angels come, go to sort of,
 they hear about what wicked city the cities of the plain are, at the bottom of the Dead Sea.
 There's still sea signs when you travel down the road that Jordan sings, Sodom, that way,
 very pleasing, but anyway, yeah, the angels arrived, and were treated very, very rudely, and even more
 rudely by one particular citizen of Sodom, who wanted to know the angel, and that is where the phrase
 to know them in the biblical sense comes from. In other words, he tried to seduce this angel,
 and Sodomy, Sodomite, and the whole idea that Sodom was this place, because of that one reference
 in the Bible of someone who wanted to know the angel, and they punished the city with Philemon,
 and except for the holy couple, just like Duke Daniel and Berkes who were, I mean Philemon,
 who were a lot and his wife, and they were allowed to, but they mustn't look back, and it was exactly
 the same in the Greek myth. - There's no news stories, they're all boys, didn't we? - He said
 that they have the rainbow at the end of Noah's eyes. - Yes, he sends that as a covenant, doesn't he?
 - Yeah, he then, according to Genesis, he began to be a husbandman and planted a vineyard.
 - Noah's vineyard, yes. - Yeah, he then drank wine, and was drunken, and he was uncovered within his tent,
 so he basically, once he finished, he got drunken, got naked. - That's what you do. - Well,
 you see finally a story in the Bible to which everyone, you know, they've done a Noah.
 - You know the fish creature that you're talking about, so I'm going off memory here, but
 depictions I've seen of it is, it's a sort of reverse mermaid, it's a fish head with legs, so it was
 a partial human-based thing, and it's used as those ancient alien kind of things, that was a higher
 knowledge that was coming to educate and create these amazing civilizations at the time. Yeah,
 no one keen on that minor chat, great, all right? - No, no, no, something is a fish man.
 It's interesting, though, because, of course, all the evangelists who became part of the temperance
 movement at the end of the 19th century believed everything in the Bible, but they had to,
 they had to rule out wine, and wine is unquestionably approved of, throughout the Bible, not only is
 Noah the first example of it, but Christ's first miracle is turning water into wine at the wedding
 in Canaan, so it is clear, and indeed, obviously, the last supper and everything that becomes so,
 it's quite difficult to believe in all the Bible, but decide that alcohol is terrible.
 - Yeah, really vindicated. - Well, there's some translations where they changed it to grape juice,
 but problems like that, yeah. - Yes, that's it. - That's what kind of a boy you'd have to be to make the
 Bible less sexy. - Very well. - Well, having to talk to these people. - This guy, George Smith,
 who decided to come here, so he's an amazing guy, because he left education at the age of 14.
 He became an engraver of banknotes at the Bank of England, so as a result, he had an incredible
 eye. He could detect incredible details in banknotes that he was engraving, that other people
 couldn't spot, and also he was obsessed with these canary form tablets. So he, firstly, you know,
 he delivered this lecture saying the Noah's Ark story is a Hebrew adaptation of a much older story,
 which created huge controversy because it was quite soon after on the origin of species.
 It was another way of... - And geology was also doing its damages to undermine
 him. - Yes. - What, yes, was it Ruskin called those damned hammers, chipping away at every truth that
 was understood. - So he was kind of a controversial figure, but then the amazing thing was in this
 tablet that he had translated of the Noah's Ark story, there was a section that was missing.
 There were about 17 lines that were missing from the tablet just ended there, and the daily
 telegraph offered a thousand guineas to whoever found this missing 11 lines of canary form tablet,
 obviously with him in mind, because he was the expert, he knew all about it, and he went there,
 he went to what is now Mosul, which is where the library... - The library. - Yeah, and it was where
 the library had been of King Sinacarib, is that it? - Was it Ashabhanepal? - Sorry, Ashabhanepal.
 Where the Library of King Ashabhanepal had been, and he got to the site of the library.
 It was a huge site, it was about three miles across the whole city, and so it was like looking for a,
 you know, really was needle in haystack stuff. He looked, and he went to the pit of the old libraries,
 the likeliest place he'd find it, and he found it had been used as a quarry, and it was a complete
 mess of rubble, you know, different fragments from all over all different centuries, but he started
 looking, and the amazing thing was he found it, he found a tiny... - He must have never. Only he could have
 found it. - Yeah, exactly. He found the 17 lines which completed the Noah's Ark story,
 and he brought it back. - Did they see a naked man running back out of the quarry? - Wow. - Fabulous.
 - Yeah. - Imagine that feeling. - Wow. - Yeah. - And also, that's kind of a nice mirroring of
 actually what happened in terms of collecting the information for the library at the time,
 so in the Assyrian culture. So this is like 3,000 years ago, and Ashabhanepal wanted to collect all
 human knowledge ever at that point, and he'd collect all these tablets, and when and got scholars
 to write them, and if there was something missing, he'd say, "Oh, there's this story that I've heard
 about and I don't have it." He'd put a call out to everyone in his kingdom, saying, "Everyone go hunting."
 So all the Assyrians knew what he was looking for, and they'd be a reward, and they'd just go scouting
 out for it. - And it's one of the biggest kind of kingdoms that had ever existed, right? It was
 all of North Africa and all of the Middle East, all the way across to New York. - Yeah, it was huge.
 - And Sinecrum was after him all before him. - Before him was his father, I think. - He was destroyed,
 because that famous Byron poem, isn't it, "The destruction of Sinecrum?" The Assyrian came down like a wolf
 on the fold, and his girls were shining in Scarleton gold. - Oh, really? How was he, what he was killed?
 - That's called the destruction of Sinecrum, I think. - Oh, really? - Someone listening one, though.
 - Aren't the Assyrians named after Noah's grandson? - Is it Assyrian? - Oh, grand son, yeah. - Assyrian.
 - Is that one of the tribes, isn't it? - Yeah, Assyrian, and that's where Assyrian comes from.
 - So there's... - Well, she's from Shem, of course.
 - She might. So, and as in Haam Shem, and if you're anti-Semitic,
 it technically means you don't like Arabs as much as anything, because they are
 before the split between Abraham and Ishmael, who were the patriarchs of the two different
 peoples. There was Abraham and Ishmael. Ishmael went out and founded the Arab people, as it were.
 - And Abraham was the patriarch of the Jewish people. - So you're even more prejudiced than you
 actually thought? - Yeah, it's just they were anti-Semitic. - Yeah, they also had,
 with the Kineiform tablet, something interesting. They were used constantly, so they
 wouldn't fire them and make them a solid, because they wanted to reuse them. So once a tablet had
 been read, they could remold it and make it better. But what that meant was, if they were ever
 attacked the Assyrians, and let's say their places were burnt down, by burning down their
 libraries, they were actually preserving their information, because the clay would be fired up.
 - Baked? - Yes. - So they would bake the information, indeed.
 - That's the whole reason, the whole library, and the reason it survives, is because of that,
 it's such a funny irony. And it's such a good thing, because the Assyrians were eventually taken
 down by the Babylonians, and I think it's like from the Iranian area, the current Iranian,
 the needs, and the Babylonians. - Needs, yes. - Needs. Needs. Needs and Persians with the two groups
 that made up the government run as in Dorothy Parker's famous remark. - One man's meat is another man's
 Persian. - Oh, well, maybe she'd argue with, I think, I can't remember who was saying this,
 but the needs weren't particularly cultured. So the Babylonians would have taken these tablets and
 preserved them and gone, oh my god, this is learning. But the needs just weren't solid, let's burn
 the whole thing down. And then ironically, they managed by doing that to complete preserve them
 forever. So in your face. - They're so revealing, aren't they, about what it is to be human,
 because like almost all ancient forms of writing, 95% of it is taxation and accounting,
 and storage of grain. But then you get this fabulous bit, the bit that Irving Finkel is so excited
 by the children's, the equivalent of the exercise book, where you have the little clay tablet that he
 has in the British Museum, which you can go and see, which are children writing insults about
 their teachers, because that's their practicing. I mean, it's just delicious, it's so good. - Real
 insight, it's just fun. - Yeah, there is one story, which I haven't found any, I've found it in one
 source only, and it's, so I think it's not true, but it's of a clay bottle, and there was an apprentice
 at the British Museum who would not rest until he had deciphered this inscription on the bottle,
 and it turned out to be, please replace, stop it in bottle. - 90% sure it's a joke. - That's like that
 wooden post that had toti emel esto written on it, four letter words, toti emel e-m-u-l esto,
 and but look at this, it sort looks Latin, you know, simul is so white emel, but esto is not quite right,
 late Latin, maybe pig Latin might have esto, toti all something, and at some point I said no,
 it's toti emel esto. - Okay, it is time for our final
 fact of the show, and that is James. - Okay, my fact this week is that the rarest frog in England
 has a distinctive Norfolk accent. - Very pleasant now. - I heard birds having local
 accents. - Yeah, well actually I'm sure you can tell us about the California Western literal frog.
 - Oh, the one which you hear in Hollywood. - Yeah, the only frog that I dig was rivet. - Because it
 was used by sound recorders to do backgrounds for the jungle and everything wasn't it. - Is that right?
 - I think I saw that on cue. - I think it was on cue. - That's my memory.
 - So this is the northern pull frog. It was extinct in England, in Norfolk, and they found out
 doing 10 years of research that they had this distinctive call, which is common to the Norfolk area.
 It's a unique accent, and that and some genetics made them realize that it was endemic to Norfolk,
 which meant that they could bring it back, and they've just recently put it back into some
 pools in Norfolk. - Wonderful in the broads or the fins, presumably. - Yeah, in the broads, yeah.
 - Very satisfied. - And does it bear any resemblance to the human Norfolk accent?
 - It's just a slightly deeper ribbit. - One single comment about it being fond of its
 sister the most from God, and I will be very cross indeed. - So humans can tell if frogs are
 excited or not, this is a really interesting thing. So humans can tell basically if almost all
 vertebrates really are excited or not. So this was an experiment done by scientists. They played
 recordings of aroused and non-aroused frogs, and aroused just means... - Not exactly in some way.
 - Yeah, exactly. - And this was people who spoke different languages as well. So I think some
 English and some Mandarin and some of a third language, and 90% of them could tell which the
 aroused ones were. And the reason that we think this is is because we think there are universal
 vocal elements. So when we're excited or as it's, we speak higher and faster, and frogs do the
 same thing. So we think there are vocal signals that are the same, even in different taxa,
 which is really interesting. - But frogs are a sort of index species, all kinds of the health of
 wetlands and everything, and tens of thousands of, and there's a runny,
 whatever it is, a runny form virus at the moment that's threatening from everywhere.
 - Yeah, really? - They're really sad, yeah. - Yeah, they're all dying out. - Everything is.
 - And also, we're running out of ponds. - Yes, in the UK. - Let alone natural wetlands,
 the good old suburban ones, you mean? - Yeah, there are half as many ponds in the UK
 than the wet 50 years ago. Norfolk has lost 8,000 ponds since the 1950s. - Have you
 know my parents have a pond in Norfolk? - It does have frogs. - It does have frogs, and it
 frogs born, and it's always rather amazing, and they try and protect the frogs born from the various
 predators that like to eat it. - But if you combine two ponds into one large a pond, you have
 technically destroyed a pond. - So is it possible there are... - It made the lake. - It's just one
 massive lake. - I know it seems unlikely. - I don't think that's what's happened. I don't think Norfolk
 is now one huge lake, and no other ponds. - Well, when I was a boy, you definitely, I mean, it sort
 of hurts you, I don't know my brother and I have yet, nothing better to do. We'd go and hunt for
 sticklebacks and mutes, and all those sort of creatures. - Well, every village would have a pond,
 and most farms would have a pond, because it's where you would get your water from, and that's right.
 - Yes, yes. - Like a titty-ditty bang bang one, you know, one that truly scrumptious gets stuck in a car,
 that sort of one, you know, ducks, and... - Was it in Norfolk, where there's that myth about a lake,
 where the reflection of the moon is in it, and the myth was that they used to tell visitors to
 the area that they've been trying to catch that big white thing in the middle of the lake for years,
 and they should have a go, because they just couldn't get it, and it was their trick they played,
 - It was like it's a wheelchair. - And wheelchair... - I thought it was an impotator, but it was harder. - I thought it was a samasatch. - Sure, sure.
 - One of those ones, in which you have a gun, do you have to be doing it? - Yeah.
 - Don't confuse Norfolk with the language with Norfolk, which is N-O-R-F-U-K, which is a language
 spoken on Norfolk Island. - Oh, would you do that? - Oh, just off-Australia, yeah. - In the Pacific, yeah.
 - Yeah. - And it's a blend of 18th century English and Tahitian. - Is that right? - That sounds good, doesn't it? - Yeah.
 - And you don't confuse it. Do you think people are showing up? - Yeah, they're going, "Hey, got light bulb?"
 - That's the wrong action for a honorable city. - Do you know where you can find a Norfolk accent,
 not in Norfolk, is in parts of New England, because so when the Pilgrim Fathers went over and say
 they're a lot of them are from East Anglia, a lot from Norfolk, and there are certain quirks of
 the accent, New England accent, that are only seen in Norfolk, so I think, and a few phrases.
 One of them was good on you, apparently. Good on you. Another one was, "How much did you give for it?"
 As opposed to, "How much did you pay for it?" Which apparently is a quintessentially Norfolk thing.
 - And the "do you," the, I don't know what that sort of aggressive present is really peculiar,
 when the "do you" not as a question, but as an invitation or even a command, "do you sit down?"
 Meaning, "sit down." - Yeah, that's weird. - "Do you come in? Do you come in? All you
 must be cold, do you come in?" That just means "come in." All there's "do" meaning "if," which is
 a very strange Norfolk thing, say, "You want to come in? Do you get cold?" - Really?
 "The "do" means "if you don't." - Oh, wow. The "lest." - Yeah. Yeah, my sister's
 nanny was sort of sort of Norfolk, and she I used to do it in Raichelle, or no, not really,
 she was only, but, you know, sort of teaser and things like that. And "don't," she said, "you
 stop having "do I'll tell your father? Do I'll tell your father?" - Oh, really? - It was really, really
 extraordinary. - I read a really funny blog on the British Library website, so the British Library
 have done this amazing thing, which is they want to preserve dialects before they'll disappear,
 so they've got loads of volunteers over the last few years to go and record things that they say
 in their own local dialect, and they've kept these recordings, so you can go online, it's brilliant.
 Go to it, it's called the Evolving English Word Bank, but it's really great. The only problem
 with it is the kind of people who are going around the British Library and volunteering stuff.
 You can tell when you listen to the recordings, they're not the kind of people who are using the
 street slang of the modern day. So you have, like, a listen to one, it's so good. It's this, obviously,
 really extra-learned, nervous sounding nerdy old man. It says, "I've got two examples of words
 I'd like preserved that are used by pupils at a school in Oxford, where I'm from. The first word
 is bear, spelled B-A-R-E, which now means a lot, and the second word is jokes, that is jokes,
 which is now used as a word meaning fun." And then he gave an example. He said, "So a pupil in school
 recently wrote, 'I am a seed.' He was learning about germination. I am a seed, and when it's winter,
 I don't sprout because there's bear snow on the ground, but if I wait until it's warm,
 everything will be jokes." And it's just if that's what's preserved as how people are using bear
 and jokes in the future. There is an amazing book, which this is more just for people listening right
 now, Susie Dent. Oh, wonderful. Yeah, she wrote this song. Yeah, she wrote fantastic book recently,
 which was she went to every sort of, she went to hang out with builders and people who work in
 transport, and the current slang being used by all of them, she documented down in this book. So
 it's sort of fresh slang, preserving a time. It's a really beautiful book for her. Very important
 that. I love books on thieves canton and those sort of slangs of the 17th century and onwards.
 And I want to just memorialize the great Dennis Norton, because you reminded me of a story he told you,
 you remember the great comic writer and who died in his late 90s, just recently, he told me this
 famous story when he was at school. He had a very good English teacher, very advanced for his
 damn, and this is way back in the 20s and 30s, I guess. And he said, right, we're going to do re-enforced
 meaning class and then we're going to re-enforced what some people say. London, it's a pretty poor
 ordinary school in the East End, where Dennis grew up. And he said, I'll illustrate this by telling
 a story of these two road builders, Navis, you know, and one of them sees a poster on the wall and it says,
 "One man, one vote." He goes, "What's that about?" And his mate says, "What do you mean to me? It's
 one man, one vote, isn't it?" He said, "Well, I don't get it. One man, one vote." How does that?
 I don't say that. I mean, you got one man? You got one vote. No, no, I still don't get it.
 "One fucking man, one fucking vote." Oh!
 "Good way to seem cool in front of your pupils, telling that story. As soon as you drop a swear word as a
 teacher, you've got that respect." Well done. Because every generation thinks they've invented it.
 Yes. That's the extraordinary thing. We knew the idea that one's grandfather was saying
 that the F word "all the time" in the trenches, which I remember being so shocked by, and I read
 "Goodbye to all that," you know, the rubber graves. And he thought he'd heard all the swearing he could
 ever hear at school, you know, in the showers, after the rugby game. And then he said the first moment,
 he was, you know, training with other cadets and listening to NCOs and Sarge and Simon,
 he'd just never imagine people would swear that much. And of course that's, you don't see that,
 because it's a sanitized version, just as you didn't see them wiping their bottoms and
 we got better things to do, obviously. But it is important to remember, because certainly some of
 my generation thinks the First World War has one's grandfather's generation. Obviously most people
 listening are far too young to that. They'd be your great-grandfathers, possibly even great-great-grandfathers.
 But I knew people, maybe at my school there were, there were people who fought in the First World War,
 and to my channel shame. I remember this man, Mr. Sorden, who shook his hands all the time and
 slightly gaped with his mouth, and he was the brother of the headmaster's wife. And he was,
 we teased him mercilessly. And then one day one of the masters said, "You do know, you want a
 military cross in the First World War." It was one of the bravest men he would ever meet. He was
 destroyed by watching a whole trench of his friends blown up in front of his eyes. I just remember thinking,
 "Oh dear, what was mocking him and doing his early imitating and trembling hands?" And so obviously
 you think of them as a very extraordinary generation, but you don't think of them as just like us. So what we
 do think that they did swear, they did live colorful lives as Pieds Piax and shows literally colorful
 in a sense. Yeah, that was brilliant, wasn't it? Pieds Jackson thing, I think we didn't see it. It's
 amazing when you see war suddenly with a blue sky. Yes, yes. So counterintuitive, you just thought
 it's going to be mucky and dark, but yeah, they fought on sunny days. We should wrap up shortly. We can.
 We can do one last thing. Go on, Andy, have you? Yeah, got a frog. It's a cool frog and I didn't want to
 imagine the frog. Have you heard of the northern spring peeper? No. No. Okay, so it's very cool. It's
 it lives in ponds and the temperature frequently drops below freezing problem, but the frog
 hibernates and it has a it has evolved a way to stay alive while it has frozen. The temperature
 inside it, if it gets to minus two or three Celsius, the frog can survive because the water inside
 it is super cool. So it's still liquid. If it gets any colder than that, it's still not a problem.
 The water under the frog skin freezes and its stomach becomes a solid ball of ice. So about half
 the water inside the frog freezes. It can survive for a week like this and it's because, so normally
 the problem is you get ice crystals inside your cells and the cells rupture and you die. That's
 what happens. As soon as the ice crystals start to form inside the frog, the frog's liver goes
 into an emergency rapid response action. It produces a load of glucose in it. It spreads it
 throughout the body and it prevents the crystals forming in the cells. But the glucose levels in
 its core organs shoot up 50 times as much. Wow. As soon as the first ice crystal forms, the frog
 liver goes, ah, we're freezing. Wow. React. Wonder if you get an alcoholic frog who's got liver
 damage, whether it's less good or fast. Incipient diabetes as well. Wow. Well, I'll, I mean,
 I've got a story to tell about a frog and it is your company's because it's really not very of a sound.
 There's a librarian who's busy and she, a hen comes into the library and goes, boop,
 and a librarian thinks, okay, and grabs a book and gives it to her and the hen goes off and then
 the hen comes back really quick, you know, a few hours later and goes boop, boop, boop, boop, boop.
 She gives her three books and two under one wing and one under the other and off goes the hen
 and then the hen comes back and goes boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop. And it dumps the three books
 that had been given and so she gives another six books and it's lunchtime in the library and
 I've got to see this extraordinary literary hen and follows it down the street, down the little
 alleyways and then up up into a door and the door's left open and so the librarian watches the hen
 with these books tucked under its wing, going all the way up to the top of the stairs and into a room,
 the door's closed but the librarian kneels down and looks through the keyhole and there on a bed
 is a frog with a little spotty bandage around its forehead and a thermometer in its mouth and the
 hen takes the monadratum reads it and then hands the book to the frog and the frog says,
 "Reddit." "Reddit." "Reddit." "Reddit."
 Oh that's a fantastic fact to end on.
 A new story.
 Okay that's it. That is all of our facts. Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we've said over the course
 of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts. I'm on @Streiberland. Andy.
 @Andruhunter. James. @JamesHarkin. Steven. @StevenPry.
 I might get some followers off this evening. I'm hoping.
 And Chazinski. You can email podcast@QI.com.
 Yeah, where you can go to our group account at no such thing or go to our website.
 No such thing as a fish.com where we have all of our previous episodes.
 You should also go to bookshops and to Amazon and wherever you can get books to get Steven's
 new book, which is Heroes. That's the story of the Greek myth. It's an amazing book and yeah,
 definitely get it for everyone for this Christmas. That's all right. Okay that's it. We'll be back
 again next week. We'll see you then. Goodbye.
