 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming
 to you from the QI offices in Covent Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber and I'm sitting here with James Harkin, Anichezinski and Andrew
 Hunter Murray and once again we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite
 facts from the last seven days and in no particular order here we go starting with you
 Andy.
 My fact is that it takes 10 years to learn how to make artificial sushi to make it well
 to make it well sorry any mug can just wait.
 My one could get some plasticine and make some fake sushi right?
 Not toy sushi as in Japan there's this amazing tradition where basically all restaurants
 have their whole menu reproduced in plastic outside the restaurant to lure you in to say
 how good this looks.
 Like when people, there's a place around the corner from us that is a restaurant and
 they cook one meal every day and they put it on a table outside and it's just a display
 meal.
 Oh yes it's a display meal I always wanted to take that display meal because they put
 a whole pizza outside and you think why doesn't someone just come along and have this?
 I don't get it.
 I'm so close.
 How has someone not got that?
 They must be poisoned right?
 And there's a glass of wine.
 They must be.
 There's a glass of white wine just sitting there.
 We're going to take it guys you know who you are.
 Have any of you ever eaten in that restaurant?
 No.
 Oh yes I have.
 I have.
 It's great.
 It's kind of just society isn't it?
 You just don't steal things?
 Yeah.
 I'm not saying it's a bad thing that people don't steal things in general.
 Right.
 It's a trust exercise.
 Yeah.
 I don't know what a waste won't it?
 It's like taking something out of a bin.
 And we all do that.
 I guess.
 So this is kind of like the equivalent of high street shops having mannequins in the window
 completely.
 Displaying their clothes.
 Apart from all the clothes are fake.
 Yes.
 And there's an actual industry devoted to making fake clothes which no one will ever wear.
 Yeah but you might make the clothes out of say toilet paper or something instead.
 Yes.
 Because it's cheaper and it shows them off.
 Yeah.
 Or is it not cheaper?
 Why?
 But there was an economist article all about this and then it turns out this is a massive
 thing.
 And I was in Japan about five years ago and it is true.
 It's basically every restaurant has this stuff outside it.
 And the thing is buying these things is really expensive.
 As in, the sale price is about 20 times the price of the actual piece of sushi to buy a plastic
 piece of sushi.
 Yeah.
 But then it lasts a lot longer.
 It's the good thing.
 And you're only buying one.
 And you're only buying one.
 And you're only buying one.
 You can rent a burger for a month for a thousand yen and have it outside it because getting
 a whole menu done is costs thousands of pounds.
 Yeah.
 The equivalent of.
 I was reading that actually a lot of the companies that make these things don't do very
 well in business because they are so long lasting these things.
 So once you've sold it to someone then that bit of sushi last 10 years and so they're giving
 you our business.
 And so they're trying to sell them to China and to Europe now because everyone's got
 them in Japan.
 They should do what Apple do and make them break after two years.
 That's a very yes.
 Intentional obsolescence.
 So whatever they call it.
 Yes.
 Or like football kits, they should make new ones every year, new kind of sushi.
 So you always have to have the most trendy sushi outside your restaurant.
 That's what I was thinking.
 I wonder if there's a plastic sushi chef who's innovating new meals and releasing them
 and they're going, "God, we got to replicate this now."
 Well, they don't really do that because the way they make these plastic imitations is
 so precise.
 So get this.
 They will send a designer to the restaurant where the food is made who will observe it.
 They've got some photos of the food, he'll make an architect sketch and then he goes back
 to the factory and he says, "We have to make it precisely like this."
 And that every individual piece is made with a mould.
 Okay.
 So he makes the mould first and then he...
 No, he visits the restaurant, sees the food, designs the mould, builds the mould and then
 presses a single, amazing piece.
 Nice.
 So the mould for making a bit of tuna is actually made by pushing a bit of tuna into the
 machine.
 Oh really?
 They use the fish to make the mould.
 I believe so.
 The fish would get squash.
 Yeah.
 That's not going to retain its shape.
 This is what I agree.
 I agree.
 I have had sushi once.
 And...
 One more time than you've had before, sorry.
 Yes.
 But no, it's incredibly precise.
 And 80% of the industry is one set of factories, it's one company, basically.
 Okay.
 And all the rest is little cottage industries and workshops and artisans around that.
 So why is it take 10 years to learn how to be a plastic sushi chef?
 It's very precise and it's a very artistic thing.
 To make it really good, you know, to be a master, which is about as long as it takes to become
 a master sushi chef.
 Trust it.
 There are people out there who have both spent 10 years of their life.
 I wonder if at a certain time, at culinary school, you have to decide if you're going to
 go into plastics or...
 Yeah.
 And must be a time.
 And do you reckon it's the best ones who go into plastics or the slightly rubbish ones
 who don't get very good grades?
 The thing is, they make these plastic vegetables and then they do cut them with real knives.
 So it's like, it's a bizarre, proper, sheffing mixed with plastic sheffing.
 And they've been doing it for ages, haven't they?
 Yeah.
 So I think it started in about the 1920s and it was because they didn't have menus.
 And so instead of a menu, you'd have this display of apparently that was easier.
 I would have thought drawing something on a menu was easier.
 Yeah, crazy that that came first.
 Yeah.
 They were getting new foods from the West as well.
 So to explain what these are to your customers, it's easier to have it on display outside.
 Because you can see, like, on a menu, it could be any size, for example.
 Or if you've had it molded.
 You can put something next to it for perspective.
 Next to every meal, you could put like a little dog.
 And then you would know how big it was.
 But that's the thing James, dogs are very in size, famously.
 All right, I should have chosen something more standard.
 Well, a plastic bit of sushi, just put that next to it.
 And then that'll show you next to your tuna sashimi.
 Which is a good idea.
 Which is a good idea.
 The best thing putting plastic sushi next to real sushi to give an impression of the size.
 No, next to a real Western, like...
 Sit your elbows and stuff like that.
 That would be a good idea, yes.
 Have we ever said that about salmon sashimi?
 No.
 The weird thing about it is that it's just not at all Japanese, and that it was brought to Japan
 by Norway.
 Oh, really?
 So people didn't eat salmon sashimi in Japan until the 1980s.
 And then Norway had a shed load of fish that it couldn't sell and it had to offload.
 Really wanted to sew out its fishing industry.
 And they had a meeting with the Japanese and thought, "Well, this is a country that loves
 eating fish."
 And so they started offloading all their fish and selling it to Japan and trying to market
 it as sushi.
 Even then, so it was in about 1985 that they started eating salmon in Japan.
 Even then, it took about 10 years before they started eating it without cooking it.
 Wow, what was that?
 Yeah, do we know what brought the country to sort of shift the attitude?
 Norway just kept forcing it down there for a minute.
 That is true.
 I think they just had loads of it to sell, didn't they?
 Yeah.
 And they just needed a new market for it.
 Yeah, okay.
 That is amazing.
 It was 1995.
 But I guess, even if you're used to eating raw tuna, it doesn't follow that you should
 eat raw salmon.
 There's some people eat raw beef, don't they?
 Yeah.
 When you had a steak or chopped up.
 But if you were to give someone raw chicken, or raw pork, or chopped up, it's not a natural
 thing.
 Yeah, it's a mad idea, actually.
 Well, isn't it?
 You crack a raw egg on top of that?
 I'd probably give it a try.
 Raw chicken.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Probably just the ones.
 Actually, sushi isn't quite as old as you might think, modern sushi, anyway.
 The first kind of sushi was Nare sushi, which is from the third century BC.
 But that was basically just pickled fish.
 So you put fish in a barrel with some rice and with some vinegar and leave it there for
 like a year.
 And then when it came out, it was pickled and it was edible.
 But actually, they would also scrape all the rice off.
 So unlike this kind of sushi that we eat today, they would deliberately get rid of all
 the rice and only eat the fish part.
 That's amazing.
 So did the rice help pickle it?
 It helps their fermentation, yeah, because if you ferment something, you need a carbohydrates
 to do that.
 So we're sort of eating the packaging when we eat sushi and rice.
 Yeah.
 Did they eventually just get tired of scraping off the rice and a couple of grains of rice
 stayed on?
 And then there are a few more grains of rice and that eventually is a massive lump of
 rice.
 I think what happened was the next one that came was Han Nare sushi.
 And that was, they didn't leave it in the barrel for nearly as long.
 I think they probably got a bit bored of waiting for the sushi.
 And so they would open the barrel a bit earlier and then they would eat the fish with the rice.
 And my guess is, and this is just a guess, maybe it was a bit more sour, a bit more pickly,
 so that kind of took the edge off a bit.
 I don't know.
 OK.
 I'm guessing as well that they were always eating sashimi with a bowl of rice next to them.
 They just hadn't combined the two as a single meal.
 And have they, someone dropped one bit into the other and magic happened?
 Yeah.
 I think they would have combined it as in they would have dropped sushi on top of their
 bowl of rice.
 They would have eaten the two together like we do cornflakes into a bowl and then put milk
 in it, but you don't sell milk and cornflakes together.
 They should.
 Yeah.
 Exactly.
 Why don't they?
 Because it goes soggy.
 Oh my god, it's such a bad idea.
 It's, don't do that.
 What an about-face.
 I mean, just a second or two.
 Quickest switcher room.
 I never heard.
 You'd be great on Dragon's Day, though, because I'm in, I'm in, I'm in, I'm in.
 No.
 OK.
 Yeah.
 While we're on milk and cereal, so I was reading and asking, this is kind of related to how
 food is represented.
 There's an amazing guardian article about the secrets of food photographers, because in
 the west we basically do this, we basically make artificial food in order to make it look
 good.
 Yeah.
 But we're doing it with real food sometimes.
 Like an advertising, you mean, or stuff?
 Yes.
 Exactly like that.
 So strawberries get covered in lipstick, this is all from individual photographers.
 It's not like it's industry standards, but everyone has their own secret box of tricks.
 It's a converted sometimes prey with WD40.
 The milk is almost never real milk, when you see a bowl of milk and cereal on a cereal
 packet.
 It's, it can be hair cream.
 It can be white glue.
 Oh.
 That's a big thing.
 And then you just shove the corn flakes into the top of it to make it look delicious.
 That makes sense.
 Sometimes, if you need steam, if you've got a pasta dish and you're steaming in a bowl,
 one photographer puts incense in there and lets it smoke away and then just remove the
 incense in post-production.
 And one photographer said she, her method, was to microwave wet tampons and then put them
 behind the pasta.
 So they were steaming.
 Wow.
 It's steam, particularly on photogenic on its own when it's naturally just hot.
 Yes, yes it is.
 It must be.
 There must be a sign.
 It must be a photogenic.
 Well, they, I mean, this is, I mean, I think it's quite well known that they do use different
 things in adverts.
 Yeah.
 I didn't know any of those examples, but I think that is quite well known.
 John Lloyd, for people listening, he's a guy who created QI, he used to do a lot of adverts
 and he used to say that whenever he did a food product, like a cereal or something, that
 in between takes, there was someone who would come and sort of move a rice crispy into a
 better spot of the bowl and like, you know, as if you were doing someone's make-up between
 takes.
 Do you remember when China hosted the Olympics and there was that girl who sung the solo,
 but they put another more attractive girl on the TV for it.
 Oh no.
 I don't get it like that, but then it's more serious to do that than to change your rice
 crispy, I think.
 I guess the rice crispy doesn't mind as much.
 No one is pretending that this is a photo of a real bowl of rice crispy.
 Yeah, they are.
 They are.
 Actually, James, I can't see any difference except that rice crispy can't be.
 They don't have feelings.
 They don't have feelings.
 And they can't be upset.
 They don't have those faces and those costumes.
 If you think they don't have feelings, yeah, then the advertising hasn't worked on you.
 I don't think.
 Well, they try to do because if I thought the rice crispy's had feelings, I probably won't
 want to eat them.
 I think I would enjoy it more.
 As they screamed.
 So, on sushi, sushi obviously depends on that seaweed that wraps around it to be maize.
 And so, you know, basically, the person who brought sushi to Japan, who made it a viable
 commercial product in Japan?
 No, is it Mr. Nori?
 Because I saw it's called it.
 It wasn't Mr. Nori.
 It wasn't Jack O'Nouri, the Irish.
 It wasn't that, though, very good suggestion.
 It was a woman, actually, who was from Lancashire.
 It was a woman called Kathleen Mary Drew Baker.
 And she was studying the Welsh equivalent of Nori, which is the Japanese seaweed that wraps
 around sushi.
 And in 1949, she discovered that this tiny algae was actually the lava of Nori.
 And before that, no one in Japan had known our department commercially because they hadn't
 been able to work out how to get it to propagate successfully.
 So, in Japan, they loved it.
 They loved sushi, but they couldn't sell it ever because they would eat little bits of it,
 but they couldn't farm it.
 And this woman just figured out this random thing, I think she was studying at Manchester
 at the time, about Welsh seaweed.
 And they picked up on it.
 And suddenly, a revolutionized sushi, and it meant they had a sushi industry.
 And they now celebrate her.
 So, she's this woman who no one in this country has heard of, and who never visited Japan,
 is celebrated there.
 She's known as Mother of the Sea.
 There's a festival held in her honour every year in Osaka on April the 14th.
 And people go and they pray to her and they give offerings.
 They sing these special songs that they think of the Drew monument, which is a monument to
 her.
 So, it's like, it should be a monument to you, Drew.
 No.
 Well, that's not my name.
 My name is Laying.
 So, I don't know why we're friends.
 Japanese restaurants still don't hire women sushi restaurants.
 I think most of them don't hire women.
 This is in, we're talking in Japan.
 In Japan.
 Yeah.
 That's right.
 One time.
 When I went to itsy, that one time.
 Because what?
 The woman was buying the counter.
 Yeah.
 Why don't they hire women?
 The chefs.
 As the chefs, yes.
 Sorry.
 So, I think there's a superstition in Japan that women's body temperature is too high.
 Or there was a really...
 We don't want to cook that raw fish.
 Fine.
 To be by your touch.
 Good luck running your raw chicken restaurant tonight, because that chicken is going to be
 fried.
 OK, it is time for fact number two.
 And that is Anna.
 My fact is that when Mount Vesuvius erupted, it created many volcanoes in some people's heads.
 Oh, look.
 This is really...
 OK, so first of all, it's not, when you say in their heads, you don't mean they're thinking
 about it and it didn't really happen.
 No, no.
 It was very much real.
 This is, I'm talking about the famous eruption in, oh God, 49.
 79.
 Thank you.
 That's good together, right now.
 1979?
 Yeah, yeah.
 It was glossed over by that, as election went, but it didn't happen.
 So this is the eruption of Vesuvius in '79, '80.
 And it's the fact that I read about this in a review of a book called Caesar's Last Breath,
 which has just come out, it's by someone called Sam Kean.
 And it's about the history and the science of air.
 Yes.
 Sorry.
 I think we all paused, because I think that's a familiar name.
 He wrote the written book that we've got called the Disappearing Spoon, actually.
 That's it.
 Yeah, really good about chemistry.
 He's a great author, yeah.
 Well, this sounds incredible, and I've ordered it, and so he was wrote about this, and he
 said that when Vesuvius erupted, the heat made a hole in some people's skulls.
 And then because of the pressure and the heat, the water in people's brains started to boil,
 and then all the chemicals and substances in their brain started to boil, and they turned
 into a gas, and then they were ejected out of the little holes in their skulls.
 So they had these holes in their skulls that were ejecting steams and other chemicals.
 And it's really gruesome, but it was 2000 years ago, guys.
 So I think we can laugh about it now.
 It's amazing.
 It's really grim.
 It's really grim.
 I know, but it's extraordinary, right?
 Because what did it do?
 The heat burnt through the air, just through the skull, boiled and created a mini volcano,
 a rutting out of the people who were being killed by the volcano.
 That's insane.
 Yes.
 It sounds like, you know, in a cartoon, when someone gets really mad.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 And smoke comes out of there, ears usually, but if they got really mad, maybe it would
 just burst out with this guy.
 Well, it sounds like someone's microwave to tampon and put it in their ears.
 But yeah, that's it.
 I've never heard anything remotely like that happening.
 It's weird.
 And I just love the fact that he's obviously made that.
 So it was all Sam Keen saying, it created mini volcano.
 Because it's not a real volcano, because it's not magma.
 It's not magma.
 No.
 And they're not large geological formations.
 But it did make people's heads steam when the...
 Yeah.
 It made them explode, didn't it?
 It made them explode.
 Sorry, because there are lots of different stages, aren't there, of the explosion?
 So there was...
 Part of it, people were being buried in ash, and then part of it, is this when the pyroclastic
 flow hit?
 This will be when it was at its hottest.
 So yes.
 I think it was a combination of that sudden heat and sudden pressure.
 Okay.
 Friends.
 Yeah.
 Crazy.
 And so this year, interestingly, scientists have pieced together bits of a skull that was
 blown up in this way, and they've got all the bits together, and they've put it through
 a computer system, and they've managed to get a picture of the guy what he would have
 looked like.
 And he just looks like a Mediterranean person who lived around that time.
 But it's amazing that they can get all the bits of skull that have exploded from the volcano
 in someone's head, and then see what they look like.
 That's incredible.
 Because presumably with the explosion, it would have gone off into various places, so you'd
 have to be...
 Yeah.
 Mix matching.
 Yeah, jigsawing.
 It's like funny bones, that children's book, it's like the adult version of that children's
 book.
 Yeah.
 And how they defended themselves in the initial stages?
 What do you mean?
 In the initial stages of the eruption.
 Oh, yeah.
 So we're talking about, are we talking about rocks falling from the sky, or are we talking
 about...
 Yeah, there have been earthquakes for a few days, and then there was a huge explosion in
 the mountain, and mushroom cloud went up, something like 20,000 metres, so there were little
 stones rattling around onto the ground, and people tied pillows onto their heads and walked
 around like that.
 No way.
 Yeah.
 That was how they defended themselves.
 You know what, that big mushroom cloud, those big plumes, are called volcanologists.
 What?
 They are called plinions.
 Oh, really?
 After pliny?
 Yeah.
 Which pliny though?
 The elder.
 No, so the elder famously died when he was so curious he got into about the younger.
 Yeah.
 There was only one of the older...
 The older older.
 Pliny the younger.
 So he described the eruption when he was watching it as well, so it wasn't even just
 pliny the elder who was trying to describe it.
 Pliny the younger.
 It was back on land going, "I'm going to describe this as well."
 He saw the giant plumes of smoke that were erupting around it.
 He called them umbrella pines, and that's been lost, but as a tribute to him naming it,
 it's been plinion.
 No way.
 Yeah, it's amazing.
 Isn't it amazing that 2,000 years later he's still pliny the younger, he's not graduated.
 But younger, doesn't matter how old you are, you're still younger, doesn't mean you're
 young just because you're younger.
 That's true.
 He's like kid rock, isn't it?
 Oh, look, he's knocking on a bit now.
 He should change his name to dad rock now, shouldn't he?
 Did you know what the clouds are called, that form the clouds of kind of pollution that
 form around volcanoes?
 So obviously a lot of sulfur dioxide and lots of other gases come out of it, and they
 react with the moisture in the air and with the oxygen and the debris.
 And they form this, if it's daylight, they form this big cloud that you can't really see
 through.
 And it's called a Vogue.
 Vogue, Vogue.
 A Vogue.
 Was that a Vogue?
 Yeah, a Vogue.
 Well, as Wikipedia says, it's a portmanteau of volcano fog and smog, so I don't know which one
 is the O-Hog.
 The O-Hog.
 The O-Hog.
 Is the O-Hog.
 So the G is from smog?
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 Yeah, they call it that in Hawaii, I think.
 Oh, okay.
 Yeah, as in they'll say, there's a lot of Vogue out there because it happens relatively regularly.
 Really?
 Yeah, I think so.
 It's a bit of a Voguey day.
 Have you got your fog lights on?
 They think that Pompeii had a one-way traffic system.
 Oh, really?
 Yeah, based on the wheelbruts and the arrangement of it.
 I just think it's amazing that you can know that there was a one-way traffic system 2,000
 years ago.
 Yeah.
 So I've been to Pompeii.
 I went last year.
 Have you been to Pompeii, James?
 You, okay.
 I went to a sushi restaurant once, but I'm not going to go on about it.
 If you've not been to Pompeii and you were listening to the podcast right now, definitely
 go.
 It is genuinely the most exciting archaeological thing I've ever seen in my life.
 It feels like time travel because everything is still there, including the people, which
 is mad.
 You just walk around and there's this body of a person who was there on the day that it
 happened.
 You don't see that anywhere else.
 So it's pretty amazing.
 The day that we went, I went with my wife, Finella, and she was really ill.
 So she took a lot of lemsip and she had a lot of coffee and it was boiling hot.
 And she started hallucinating.
 Here's another tip.
 You want a hallucinate, you can't afford LSD, lemsip and coffee and heat.
 That's what you need to do.
 And it was crazy because there was all these dead bodies around, obviously.
 And so she was going nuts over it.
 You don't see the actual bodies, though, do you?
 You do.
 Yeah, they're in the pottery section.
 That's the cast of the bodies, I think.
 Yeah.
 So what's happened is the people get buried, okay?
 And then they rot away.
 And then there's a hole where the body used to be.
 And then the way that they get them is they pour kind of concrete or something into
 it, and then they pull it out as a cast of a person.
 Oh, I thought that was them.
 You should have really read some of the information, so that's what you're in for.
 I tell you what, I tell you what, I did read an information plaque, I was stuck on it
 for ages, and then I realised Pompey doesn't have information plaques.
 And what I was reading was three different translations for how to use the recycling bin.
 So there are really few household objects left behind, and it's partly because people
 had 18 hours between eruption and the arrival of the huge hot cloud.
 So most people had left, and taking whatever they could carry with them.
 But also the reason there's nothing there is that people returned, as soon as it was all
 over, dug down into the ruins and nicked what they could.
 Right.
 And some of them fell in and died, so some of the bodies are those of looters whose tunnels
 collapsed.
 Wow.
 There's a German prince who made replica of Vesuvius in, so this is in the 80th century.
 It was in 1794, and there was this guy called Prince Leopold III Friedrich Franz, and
 he--
 Charles German.
 Charles German name you could have.
 And Prince Leopold went traveling around Europe, and he visited Vesuvius and thought, well,
 that's very impressive.
 This map of this volcano they've got, I'm going to build one when I get back home.
 And he got back home, and he built something that he called the Stone Island of Virlits
 in the countryside near Berlin, and it was a five-story high brick and stone building
 that he covered in all these boulders, so it looked like a volcano.
 And then he built a cone, the peak of it, and he put three fireplaces inside this hollowed
 out cone.
 And then he made this crater, and he filled it with water.
 And he erected some red lamps.
 And then when he set the fires and tipped out the water, the red lamps illuminated the
 water, so it looked like lava running down his fake mountain, and him and his mates used
 to get together with some booze of an evening.
 And then they used to light the fires and set off the volcano and watch Vesuvius erupts.
 Wow.
 That's quite cool.
 I got one last thing, which is from Pompeii, it's just to give a bit of insight into the
 type of people that live there, because it's hard to kind of picture their day-to-day
 activities.
 They discovered in the ruins graffiti that's just remained on walls of various places.
 So they've translated a bunch of them that they could still manage to make out the full
 sentences of.
 One reads, "If you're going to fight, get out."
 And that's written on the side of a tavern wall that they had.
 Another reads, "I don't care about your pregnancy, Silvilla.
 I despise it."
 And that's a private message.
 I don't know how, because it would have been on the wall.
 That's a PM.
 That's a PM.
 A PM.
 A PM.
 A PM.
 Wall.
 I'm amazed you haven't fallen into ruins since you bear the tedious scribblings of so many
 writers, and that was found at four different walls there.
 That's funny.
 That's like you get where people write on toilet walls, isn't it?
 They write stuff like that.
 Well, the final one is a bit of a toilet wall.
 It's Brotus.
 Brotus.
 Brotus.
 Brotus.
 Brotus.
 Brotus.
 Brotus.
 Brotus.
 Brotus.
 Brotus.
 Brotus.
 Brotus.
 Brotus.
 Brotus.
 You suck well, and that was founded a brothel.
 OK, it is time for fact number three, and that is James.
 OK, my fact this week is that the first bendy straws were used by people in hospital.
 And why?
 Well, I mean, there's more convenient way to drink a drink, I guess, but why just in hospital?
 You've just answered your own question, isn't it?
 It's that, isn't it?
 It is.
 It's just kind of like this, because I associate bendy straws more with fun times, and parties
 and stuff.
 But the guy who invented them, the first place that he managed to sell them was to a hospital.
 And like you say, it's so that people who are kind of lying down or not quite vertical
 can drink more easily, because before that they would always drink out of glass straws.
 Glass.
 Oh, wow.
 Yeah.
 And that, it comes with a risk.
 Yeah, but you're in a hospital, so.
 That's true.
 You can't think of a better place to sell them.
 He's a straw.
 It doesn't matter.
 It only comes with a risk to the extent that drinking out of a glass comes with a risk.
 I think it also comes with a risk.
 Oh, yeah.
 And you have a drink out of beakers, don't you?
 Yeah, I have tippy cups.
 I don't know what a tippy cup is.
 I don't know.
 That's one of those things that a kid has with two handles on either side, and they kind
 of suck.
 Oh, yeah.
 It's got two handles, and it's got a little spout.
 And also, it's amazing, because you can sort it upside down, and none of it falls out, even
 through the little spout.
 It's like suckling on a breast.
 That's why my kitchen cabinets follow them, James.
 So I've been reading about the plastic straw apocalypse.
 Yes.
 So that's kind of why I wanted to talk about straws, because we should all stop bloody
 using them.
 Right.
 And our grandchildren won't have heard of them.
 Why?
 What happened?
 What happened?
 They made a plastic mate.
 Well, so is sushi.
 I know sushi.
 I know sushi.
 But plastic can damage the environment.
 And the thing with straws is usually if you're in a bar or whatever, you get a straw,
 you kind of throw it away.
 It's mixed in with all the detritus and glass and whatever, and it's really hard to kind
 of try and take it out so you can recycle it.
 So no one recycles.
 Oh, OK.
 So the problem is they're not being recycled.
 And what do you do?
 You have it for like, what, 30 seconds, and how long does it take to drink a gin and tonic?
 But you have it only for like 10 minutes or whatever.
 Yeah.
 It's usually when I strawpido them.
 So 80% of the time it takes about a second, yeah.
 And sometimes they give you two straws.
 Yeah.
 Do you want a stat, Dan?
 Yeah.
 And can I just also just quickly say I do know that plastic is bad for the planet.
 Why not?
 It's more, I was trying to work out why.
 And that makes sense.
 Because what do we do?
 I always throw straws just into, anywhere.
 Pigeons.
 You're always buying packets of straws and chucking them about.
 Yeah.
 And that's, please Andy.
 Americans use 500 million straws a day.
 Wow.
 There's only about 300 million Americans.
 So some people are having a couple of straws.
 More than one each.
 There's more than one each.
 And the total number used a day, there was an article about this which gave an amazing comparison.
 It would fill 125 yellow American school buses each day full of straws.
 That's more than a mile long queue of American yellow school buses.
 And there's no children in them.
 They're all for the straws.
 Just straws.
 Just straws.
 And they?
 Each day.
 It's a complete waste of buses.
 That's the way it should be.
 Yeah.
 You have to go through to make the buses to keep the straws.
 Exactly.
 Now there's kids getting to school.
 Yeah.
 We can't carry on like this.
 I mean, the thing is, if we recycle them, maybe it won't be so bad, but no one ever does.
 And they're just completely piled up.
 Although I said this to you the other day, Anna, and you said you quite like a straw with
 a gin and toilet.
 I need straws.
 And I always ask for them if they don't give them to me in my gin and tonic.
 Otherwise, the ice gets in the way of the liquid.
 And so I push it too hard towards my mouth.
 And the liquid goes all down my front.
 So I do actually need straws.
 But I'm not a verse to, like, glass or metal or something.
 Would you be happy to have your own personal straw?
 I'd love that.
 I could get my initial engraved on it.
 Yeah.
 I think that's a good idea.
 I think we'll have our own personal straws in the future.
 Yeah.
 I think that's a really good call.
 Yeah.
 You could kind of hang it off your belt.
 Like people used to have with a knife.
 Yeah.
 No one used to have a knife draw.
 You'd just have a knife, which you hung by your side, and you just for dinner or like cropped
 dandy style.
 For dinner.
 Right.
 You're not the one that you're carrying around.
 Would it be metal or would it be made of plastic?
 It'll be a metal one.
 Yeah.
 Otherwise, you can't really engrave in plastic.
 That's a great story.
 And then you can use it for an emergency tracheotomy.
 Yeah.
 Because everyone will always have one.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Perfect.
 So in other plastic news, plastic recycling news, so the bad thing about a lot of plastic is
 they end up in the ocean, right?
 We should say, and they choke various animals.
 I think you were saying that straws specifically go up turtles and noses, don't they?
 Well, when Dan's around, they do.
 Yeah.
 And they can't fight any pigeons.
 That does happen a couple of years ago.
 There was a video of one being extricated from a turtle's nose, and that was kind of the
 impetus that started this whole kind of, we need to stop having straws.
 Yeah.
 If you're in a bar, by the way, not if you're in a bar, but if you run a bar, get rid of your
 straws.
 Yeah.
 And if you're listening to this podcast in a bar, a, talk to someone.
 But more importantly, throw away your straw.
 Yeah.
 Actually, all bar one are banning them, aren't they?
 Yes.
 Good for them.
 Yeah.
 So I think you won't be able to get plastic straws in all bar one very shortly because of
 this very reason.
 So, I know they're going to have no replacement.
 Yeah, people are just expected to drink stuff straight from the glass, which I agree is a
 travesty.
 Yeah.
 That's what I'm talking about.
 What are your feelings on crazy straws?
 Oh, they're the funny, windy ones you get for birthday presents.
 Yeah.
 They're kind of cute.
 Yeah, love them.
 Yeah.
 Well, because you don't usually throw those away.
 Those are keepers.
 No, you'd be mad to throw those away.
 Yeah.
 They're solid.
 They're a hard plastic.
 I was reading about crazy straws online because they believe deeply that it's more than
 just a straw that it's a philosophy.
 What?
 Yeah.
 I read an interview by the guy who invented the crazy straw glasses.
 You know, the one where you--
 Oh, yeah.
 Classic.
 Yeah, classic.
 He said that we say it's a metaphor for life.
 Take extra time to go on a winding country road as opposed to the highway.
 That's how he sees the crazy straw industry.
 It's not only are you buying something more long term, but you are experiencing the drink
 in a more philosophical fashion.
 It's taking the scenic route.
 Yeah.
 It's the Buddha of straws.
 It reminds me a bit of, you know that magazine that you get under delayed gratification.
 Yes.
 Which you get the news like three months later.
 Yeah.
 It's a bit like that because you're drinking your Coca-Cola or whatever.
 Yeah.
 And there's a few seconds when it's not quite got to your mouth yet.
 Yeah, that's true.
 That you can kind of imagine what you're going to taste.
 Yeah.
 It's that--
 We did it as a quote on QI in the very early episodes.
 Stephen Fry quotes from James Bond saying the best martini of the day was the one just
 before the first one.
 It's the anticipation.
 Oh, yeah.
 It's the taste just for-- by the way, mentioning delayed gratification.
 Andy got his latest coffee the other day.
 Can you quickly mention this?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 It came with a letter saying, we're really sorry.
 You've probably noticed this issue of, like, identification has got to you a bit late.
 Sorry.
 None of the news is from before, I think, March.
 Clay.
 You think the letter would be apologised if it came early?
 Yes, that's true.
 And so, do you know, Dan, how--
 Probably not.
 What's the longest length of straw that you could drink out of?
 Ooh.
 If I put, say, a can of beer on the floor.
 Yeah.
 And I gave you as long a straw as you wanted, but you had to suck from the top of it.
 What is the tallest it could be?
 I'm going to say two floors.
 That's a lot.
 Two floors, so how many metres are you saying?
 So that door is two metres.
 Oh, OK.
 I'll say 16 metres.
 The floors I'm talking about have a very high ceiling.
 Yeah.
 Oh, yeah, because you live in Versailles, don't you?
 Yeah.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Guys, do you think it's less or more than 16 metres?
 I think--
 Or maybe there's an infinite amount, maybe.
 I think it's going to be less than that.
 So I guess you need to have enough to be making a vacuum in the straw.
 The water fills up to fill.
 So it's just how long can I breathe in?
 I think I can breathe in long enough to suck in three metres worth of air towards me.
 Oh, no.
 No, I can go up.
 Yeah, but the difference is with a straw, you can pause.
 You can take breaks.
 As in, if I were sucking on a straw, I could put my thumb over the straw and it'll hang there.
 That's not going to lose it.
 Oh.
 I can then re-suck.
 Yeah, but once you've got all the air out of the straw, surely, there's no-- you can't
 remove more if there's a complete vacuum in the straw, right?
 No, Andy is well on the route here, so if you had a perfect vacuum sucking up, that's the
 best sucking you can do.
 You can't do any better than that.
 And to get, if you're on earth, so you have to pull it up against the atmospheric pressure,
 the highest is about 10 metres.
 If you had a vacuum, a perfect one, so obviously humans couldn't do any more than that.
 10 metres is cool.
 That's still high enough that I could be on the second floor of a building and get someone
 to deliver a drink to my door and pour my straw out.
 You drink it.
 The reason that that's kind of interesting or kind of important is because if you're trying
 to-- if you've got a mine and you want to suck the water out of the mine so people can go
 down and dig for rocks or whatever, you can only suck it up to 10 metres.
 So anything lower than that, you need to do some pushing as well as sucking, which means
 you need an engine, which is why in the industrial revolution you had all these people who were
 inventing engines like Water and Newcoma and people like that because they needed to
 get this stuff up there without--
 So no matter how wide the straw doesn't matter.
 10 metres is the limit.
 Yeah.
 That is really interesting.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 I'm so, you think, here's the next question that you were just about to ask Dan, how do trees
 suck up water from the roots to the top of a tree?
 Oh, yeah.
 I was just thinking about-- I was just saying a xylem in a plant must work like this.
 Oh, can we work it out?
 Is it possible to be worked out?
 No.
 Well, it's in this kind of thing, it's always the same answer.
 The partner didn't.
 It's capillary action.
 Oh, OK.
 So if you get a really, really, really, really thin straw kind of thing, then there's another
 force that kind of sucks it up there.
 And there's also the cohesion of water, which means water molecules kind of pull on each
 other because they have surface tension.
 Yes, because they're hydro--
 That is amazing.
 So if the straw is thin enough, it can be longer than 10 metres is what we're saying.
 If it's super, super thin.
 So like one of those tiny ones that you do get in a bar?
 It's already hard to suck liquid out of those tiny ones, I think.
 Which is why they give you two?
 Yes.
 I always thought they were just for show, like offer staring, which is why I think they should
 get bloody rid of them.
 I'm very excited that we might launch an anti-straw revolution.
 Yeah.
 Big straws going to come after us.
 But the big straw can't be bothered in 10 metres.
 Oh, we need to just go on to the third floor of a building.
 OK, it is time for our final fact of the show.
 And that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that bomb detectors in America work 16 times better when they are
 fitted with a fake dog nose on the end.
 This is such a silly fact.
 But it's real.
 I know.
 It's astonishing, isn't it?
 It's amazing.
 Yeah, so they basically tested this out in America.
 They 3D printed out the nostril of a dog and they stuck it onto the end of a bomb detector
 and they use the methods by which bomb detecting dogs use when they're sniffing for bombs.
 So a usual bomb detector will sort of take in a bunch of air and it will analyse it.
 Dogs do quick sniffs.
 So they did that with this fake nose as well.
 They did these quick sniffs.
 And as a result, they found that it produced results that were 16 times better by having
 the weird nasal structure of a dog on the end of their bomb detectors.
 Yeah, because dogs, I didn't quite realise this about how dogs sniff and how they
 take in air, that they exhale in a completely different place to where they inhale, don't
 they?
 What?
 What?
 Yeah.
 So they could probably play really long notes on a trumpet.
 Oh yeah.
 Or a surgery do.
 Yeah.
 They'd be amazing at surgery do's.
 The way dogs breathe is that they inhale through their nostrils on the front of their
 nose.
 But if you look at any dogs nose, you would have seen, if you've got a dog, they've got
 these slits down the side of their nose.
 And that's where they exhale.
 So if you looked at a picture of a dog now.
 What?
 They've got like a, I'm actually just going to show you.
 No way.
 Just super quickly.
 You would have seen it on every dog.
 I've never seen a dog.
 All dogs have different noses.
 Oh no.
 Like a, they've all got this same nose.
 Like a pug has a different nose to a side view.
 I do.
 They've all got dog noses that have a, do they?
 Do they?
 I've none of them have like a human nose.
 I'm going to look for a variety of dog noses.
 Okay, okay.
 Right.
 So here you go.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Look at that.
 Oh wow.
 And then that's lip then.
 Yes, yeah.
 Okay.
 Anna is not lying.
 We can confirm.
 I'm not lying.
 All dog noses have this slit.
 And they've got this thing called an A-lar fold or an a-lar fold in their nose.
 And they inhale air and then they pull the fold down so the air can't come back out the way
 it went in.
 Right.
 And they exhale it out of the slit.
 And that makes their sense of smell much better because it kind of stops the air from
 being exhale down the same channel that they're trying to breathe in more sense.
 So it stops at all getting mixed up together.
 Oh.
 And it means they can smell all the incoming air more intensely and in a more concentrated
 way.
 So that explains why this bomb detects a kind of stuff works, right?
 Because it means that they're just passing loads and loads of air over it rather than bringing
 the same stuff in and blowing it out.
 Exactly.
 That is the most surprising thing I've learned today.
 I know.
 I was really surprised I didn't ever think about that.
 Or even noticed that slit.
 A secret slit.
 That we've not noticed.
 Yeah.
 A secret slit.
 I was reading in Australia they have dogs that sniff out koalas.
 So there's like, for example, there's one dog who in 2014 I think it was called Maya was
 trained specifically to cover a 480 hectare bit of land in order to map out where all the
 koalas were.
 However, she was not trained to smell out koalas themselves.
 She was trained to smell out their feces.
 So she would not disrupt the koalas and get into, I guess, any fights or scare them or whatever.
 She was just looking for the poo.
 So her nostrils were trained specifically just for the feces as opposed to the koala.
 This year there's another dog in Australia that's been put into the same kind of role.
 And he is a dog called bear.
 And so bear is also sniffing out koalas.
 Who does a dog bear?
 Yeah, I know.
 It's confusing.
 What's the one that's looking for bears as well?
 Oh, yeah, and he's looking for bears.
 Yeah, it's very confusing.
 Yeah.
 So you've got a dog called panda.
 Do you object to that?
 I do.
 Yeah, okay.
 I mean, you're sat right here, so it's hard to say it to your face.
 It's just stupid name.
 He went for it.
 No, she didn't even feel like he found it that hard.
 Yeah, but you can't just say that all dogs should be called dog, if that's the all.
 I don't think I was saying that with the way of venting.
 That's why we have names is to differentiate things.
 Yeah.
 James isn't saying we call dogs dog.
 Yeah, I think there's a bit of a straw in that argument going on here.
 I'm just saying that you should give it a name, which is not another animal.
 But what do you object to them being given human names like Fred?
 Because I do object to that.
 I think it's lying about the fact that this is a dog.
 It's not lying.
 It's not lying.
 I don't think it is a lie.
 First of all, the first of all, the secret slits, and now it turns like an even a user.
 I think there should be an approved list of dog names called Rover and Fido, and that's
 more or less it.
 Yeah.
 That's, yeah.
 I think you should be able to pick from list of 10 dog names.
 Yeah.
 I haven't got them all worked out yet.
 You don't need that then, do you?
 No.
 So humans need lots of names because you're going to lots of different social situations
 where you need to know someone's name.
 Most dogs are with their owner, the whole time.
 I know, but if you're in a park and you go Rover and the entire park's with their dogs.
 But that could be a maximum of what in ten of the dogs in the park.
 That's not how probability works.
 It wouldn't be a maximum of what in ten dogs in the park.
 It would be a maximum of all of them, obviously, but the odds would be all of them very slim.
 There is a chance of it being none of them in the past, but that relies on your dog having
 left the park and having no other dog in the park or Rover, which is also a possibility.
 So anyway, bear has the civility, right?
 So check out the slits on bear.
 He can sniff out not only a koala, so he's been trained not to sniff out the feces.
 He's been trained to sniff out the hair of a koala bear, but the molted hair of a koala
 bear and fresh-multed hair.
 So he's specifically going for hair that is not attached to a koala just so he's still
 here.
 Isn't that amazing?
 I didn't know that hair smelled different when it wasn't attached to you.
 When it was attached to you.
 What this might be is another thing that dogs are really good at doing is separating smells
 and they've got a smell-filing system in their noses.
 So what they might be doing is smelling that there's hair, but without the smell of
 the flesh of a koala.
 Oh, yes.
 Yeah, yeah.
 So we've got this mucus in their nose, and the reason their nose is the wet, what it helps
 them do is like file away the smells into different parts of their nose.
 So certain molecules travel through the mucus faster than others.
 So it knows that the first molecule that gets to it, the bit that actually smells, is likely
 to be poo, whereas the second molecule that gets through a site to be beef, and if a molecule
 takes ages, you know, it might be grass or something.
 So if you have pooey beef, it knows that it's pooey beef, because it's gone through both
 of them.
 Precisely.
 So it only gets the first smell that hits, it's just pooey.
 It's like an and/or decision gait in a kind of a computer, right?
 Yeah.
 So you're saying that it can get the hair and then gets a live koala.
 Yeah.
 But if it only gets one of those two, it knows that it's just the hair or just the shaved
 koala.
 Exactly.
 Yeah.
 Did you know that blood hounds, who have an amazing sense of smell, smell what there is?
 No.
 Who's just talking?
 Yeah.
 My dog has, oh no, how does he smell with his lips?
 Yep.
 That's how the joke should be told.
 It's not a joke, but it's the truth.
 This is actually a bit of a stretch, but...
 This is the old Tushinsky special, so it's something ridiculous and they're backtracked
 severely.
 Well, what they do is, they've got these really long ears blood hounds, and you'll notice
 that there is a place further down their heads than most dogs, and they also have really,
 really droopy jaws and really lots of wrinkles.
 And what these all do is they trap sense, and there is a supposed to drag along the ground,
 so there is scoop up lots of smells, and then they get flicked and carried in the wrinkles
 of their skin because they're so flabby and up to their nose, so there is there to drag
 along the ground and pick up smells for them.
 Yeah, and I think that's not far off, is it?
 That is so close.
 Yeah.
 Okay, right.
 But how long does it take for them to smell something, then?
 I guess sometimes it would take a while, and then you've lost where there's a lot.
 You've lost where it was.
 Yeah.
 I have one thing about bomb disposal, yeah, it's just a headline from a local news paper,
 this is the Bristol Post, this is within the last month, and the headline is, "Bomb Disposal
 Squad called to Western Superma Beach, only to find a really big plate."
 There's a bloke who found something metal on the beach who started digging it up, and
 it was huge, and he thought, "Oh God, okay, this might be something really serious."
 And so he re-barried it, found the bomb disposal squad, and they arrived, as a plate.
 Who's taking such a huge plate to the beach?
 It's like a platter for sandwiches, maybe.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 And it would look like the top of a mine.
 Completely, yeah, yeah, it's not a crazy decision to make, but with hindsight, it turns out
 to have been funny.
 Okay, that is it, that is all of our facts, thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said over
 the course of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Shriverland, James, @Exhaped, Andy, @AndruhunterM, and Jacinski.
 You can email podcast@qy.com.
 Yep, or you can go to our group account, which is @qypodcast, or you can go to our website.
 No such thing as a fish.com, we have links to the tickets for our upcoming tour up there.
 You can get a link to the book that we're releasing in November, called Book of the Year, and
 you can also get our new mug.
 The big thing that we hope you join us for is next Monday, Facebook Live.
 We will be dissecting this episode, talking about all the facts that we didn't manage to
 get in.
 And please, if you were thinking of anything you wanted to add to this episode, bring it
 to the Facebook Live and put it in the comment bar, and we will talk about it.
 So that's Monday's, go to our Facebook page to see the exact time, we'll see you there,
 and see you again next week with another episode.
 Good bye.
 [MUSIC]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
