 [music]
 - Hi! - Andy!
 - Hello, Andy! - Hello!
 Hi, everybody! Hello! Welcome to Drop As A Line!
 Hello to you, the listener!
 We have had a bulging post bag
 that we're going to pierce now and drain.
 - Oh! - And, um...
 - Like a sack of pus! - Exactly!
 You've been in the unbox, then, James. You've seen what it's like in there.
 No, we've had some cracking correspondence,
 and I'm looking forward to rootling through it with my three pals.
 James, Dan, and Anna.
 [laughter]
 The pause was so long that it looked like you had to look at a bit of paper
 to remember our names.
 I have every show. Every show the same.
 Thanks, Dan. Good joke.
 Okay, here we go.
 Can I share images with you? We're doing this one on Zoom.
 - Yeah, you can. - Okay.
 I'm going to try and share an image of something that Jill and Cliff from Aberdeen have sent.
 They said, "Saw this on a lovely day in Liverpool in thought of you.
 Keep up the good work. We love the show and look forward to seeing you in Glasgow."
 So, it's quite a confusing message, geographically.
 Yes. A long old drive from Aberdeen to Liverpool.
 Well, quite. But here we go. I'm going to share with you.
 You should be able to see what I'm seeing.
 It's a restaurant in Liverpool.
 The Italian Club Fish!
 - It's called the Italian Club Fish. - Very cool.
 - Isn't that good? - And it's almost in our colours.
 - It's very faded yellow and blue. - Yeah.
 Do you reckon their Italian Club Fish begins with a very uninspired chow?
 What a mean thing to say about my intro.
 I've been working a lot on this month's intro.
 I've been working on it all month.
 My confidence is shot now.
 This is a bit mean, though, Andy, because you're getting excited
 by something that has a slight connection to our name.
 And when we were on the flight back from Dublin,
 I spotted that the book that I was reading, the imprint,
 was by a company called DS.
 And in between the DNS, their logo was a fish.
 And I was like, "Come on."
 And Andy sort of ripped me apart,
 going, "Oh, the universe is trying to tell you.
 Not everything is the universe trying to tell you, Dan."
 And it was, yeah, I'm a bit shocked that you're now bringing up.
 No, you're right.
 And then I realised that my book was published by a publisher called John Murray,
 which, you know...
 Anna, you were so lucky you weren't on this flight.
 No, I'm sad.
 So sad that I had to catch a later one for unavoidable reasons
 that I definitely didn't specifically request to the tour manager.
 Anyway, thank you, Jill and Cliff, for that bit of correspondence.
 That's very cool. We should get dinner there.
 This email is from someone called Gemhunter.
 The universe.
 No, I just mean... I don't mean my name in the middle name is Hunter.
 I just mean Gemhunter is a cool name.
 Yeah, that is a good name.
 Just wondering if you were able to confirm my suspicion that Anna may well be a vampire.
 I refer to several clues that imply the usual laws of physics do not apply to her.
 These being that the Gravitron fair ride does not work on her
 and she slides to the floor while everyone else is pinned to the wall.
 Yeah, I forgot I mentioned that.
 I don't remember that.
 Yeah, that's true.
 And also that she did not float in the Dead Sea.
 Yeah, that, oh my God, well spotted.
 I'd never connected those two things, but now you mention it.
 Have you guys noticed that when we do these zoom calls,
 my face never shows up on the video, does it?
 Yes, that's a good point.
 Have you guys thought it was your laptop?
 No, I think it's the vampire thing.
 And you're 400 years old.
 I don't remember the Gravitron scene in Bram Stoker's novel.
 They go to Alton Towers in I think it's chapters 17.
 Oh, I only got as far as 16.
 I think that's why.
 Because he arrives in Whitby.
 So it's one of the closer major UK theme parks on his route to London.
 I don't think the laws of physics is a thing about vampires.
 I think they're subject to the laws of physics.
 No, well, they don't have reflections and that's the laws of physics.
 So you can understand that maybe they wouldn't be prey to other laws of physics as well.
 All right, are those the only two that surely there are other vampiric things about Anna?
 She hates sunlight.
 Yeah, I would never invite her into my house.
 Is that?
 That's it.
 I would never knock on your door, so it's a moot point.
 Last time we went to a restaurant, she just spent the whole time counting the grains of rice.
 Well, thank you, Gem.
 We'll keep an eye out for more of that.
 Don't keep an eye out or you'll live to regret it.
 And then add some scary music after that.
 That works.
 Balter lightning.
 Yeah.
 Dan, are you eating?
 Are you having a lunch halfway through the recording?
 What the hell?
 No, I'm chewing ice by accident.
 I sort of load the ice.
 Sorry.
 What a brilliant excuse.
 No, no, I genuinely thought you just had a sneaky pasty on the girls.
 Oh, I mean, I do have a bowl of fried rice next to me, but I've...
 Oh, my God.
 How many grains?
 Yeah, Anna's like, "Hold that up again.
 Hold that up again."
 We had some Finnish correspondents.
 Do you remember we spoke about Finns not liking small talk?
 Yeah.
 Oh, yes.
 Yeah.
 So you just got some blank emails.
 We had one or two negative ones, people saying you just don't understand Finnish culture.
 Oh, okay.
 Well, I'm afraid I'm glad to say we have many more saying, "Yes, that sort of is true.
 I don't really like small talk."
 Mel writes, "I'm a Kiwi who's lived in Finland for 10 years.
 I think you're safe saying Finns don't like small talk, but they're also very good at
 laughing at themselves.
 During COVID, they said they couldn't wait for the two meter social distancing to end
 so they could go back to three meters."
 Very good.
 Tim Hatton writes, "A friend of his got married to his Finnish girlfriend a couple of years
 ago.
 He wanted to impress her family by learning a language.
 When he sat down with them all for the first time, the little old Finnish granny quietly
 served him some cake.
 He wanted to break the ice and tell her, "This cake is good."
 Unfortunately, it turns out that the word for cake, "kaku," is pronounced very closely
 to the word for "shit."
 Karl Bovenizer writes, "Oh, Karl, you should stop that."
 No cow is safe when Karl is in the area.
 The Bovenizer.
 He writes, "Love the show and listen every week.
 Brilliant stuff."
 Karl, I can't believe when discussing named clouds, you left out the biggest one.
 Karl the Fog in San Francisco.
 Oh, I haven't even heard Karl.
 I didn't know.
 The Fog is famous in San Francisco, but I had never heard of its name.
 He keeps that under his hat.
 It's the same Fog, kind of like Anna's Cloud is the same cloud.
 Karl, who signs off his email, Karl brackets, "Not the Fog."
 Right.
 I accept that Fog is more likely a collection of cloud-like material, but it has its own
 Twitter account.
 So that's checkmate, really.
 We did get an email from somebody said, "Oh, I've flown through clouds lots of times,
 and it's much safer than you let on."
 I think we were talking about specific clouds.
 Yeah, no.
 Big old clouds.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Not clouds.
 Cumulonimbus, specifically.
 I do get pissed off now.
 And I did when the three of us were on our plane, two and from Dublin.
 When pilots go through clouds now, I'm actively like, "I do that noise," because it's like
 you're forcing chaotic turbulence onto us.
 What are you doing?
 How on Earth are they going to get down?
 We were above the cloud level.
 There's gaps.
 There's always gaps.
 You can't find gaps.
 You can't fly around for hours looking for a gap.
 That's no.
 Yeah, I do.
 I know that pilots do, because they often have to land in places where they can't go
 through a cumulonimbus, for example.
 It's a one-hour flight from Dublin to London.
 It would add another hour for the pilot to go around saying, "Oh, no.
 I don't want to disturb Dan's drink on the tray table."
 It's not about the drink.
 It's about people's anxiety levels.
 You can cause serious problems.
 Sometimes it's cloudy.
 We did go through any major, major, massive clouds, because they would go around those.
 We just went through the clouds.
 The other thing is that turbulence can happen in clearer, just as much as it can happen in
 cloudy air.
 Absolutely.
 Don't pretend you didn't shriek at one point, Andy.
 I was shrieking with boredom because you kept talking to me about this amazing coincidence
 on the spine of your book.
 Let's have a bit of correspondence.
 Oh, here's a great one from Caetano Capurro.
 "Hope you're all well."
 Not a promising start, but it gets better.
 When you discussed the percentages of political party-themed condoms, you remember this?
 Oh, yeah.
 I remember this.
 What take?
 Can you give us a -- yeah.
 It was a website that was selling condoms that had funny slogans related to all the
 political parties, and it turned out that the percentage of people who had bought the condoms
 was very, very similar to the actual polling in the country.
 So, like, 40% of the people who bought condoms voted Labour, and they also bought the Labour
 condoms.
 Right.
 40% of condoms that were bought were Labour ones, and that's the same proportion.
 Yeah, that's right.
 Yeah, the vote share.
 Right.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Well, Caetano has a little follow-up saying the result is scarily accurate, give or take,
 as in Labour was within 0.4% of the overall result.
 Yeah.
 I think -- oh, I see, because we did the show about three weeks before the election, didn't
 we?
 Yeah.
 Oh, wow.
 But the results were similar to the polls.
 Right.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 Comparing the average difference between Ipsos final polls and customcondoms.com's final
 polls, custom condoms got it closer than the final poll done by Ipsos.
 Wow.
 That's great.
 Isn't that great?
 Yeah.
 And if you buy novelty condoms, is there anything we can deduce from -- there's Mr Bean condoms
 and stuff like that.
 What do you mean?
 Yeah.
 What can we deduce?
 Well, if you were trying to work out what the most popular TV show was, and you had a
 series of mad men, Game of Thrones, all that sort of stuff, could you work out the country's
 taste for TV shows?
 Yes, I think you could.
 I think definitely, I can say with almost 100% certainty that if you're selling Mr Bean
 mad men and neighbors condoms, then the Mr Bean fans will buy the Mr Bean condoms, the
 mad men fans will buy the mad men ones.
 I don't think that's necessarily true.
 Do you not?
 I think whatever the pun base is best on it.
 Like, you know, Mr Bean's one said bean liquor on it, and I think it doesn't make sense,
 but you would be buying it not because you love Mr Bean.
 I think that there's a thing here because the podcasting industry has a real problem
 with its charts, and nobody really knows how many listens every different podcast has.
 Like, we know how many we have.
 No, we're not releasing a condom range, James.
 Well, no, we should.
 We should.
 We should do one for all of the top 20 podcasts in the country and see who buys them.
 Right.
 Okay.
 I think parenting hell would probably win purely on the description alone.
 I think podcast fans don't have sex, so it's just, well, that means they just buy one condom
 each.
 That makes it an even better poll.
 Keep it in the wallet for the rest of the lives.
 Both of them definitely having sex, Adam, I don't know what you're talking about.
 It's quite hard to come up with pun, pun sex names for podcasts off menu.
 I can't think of a good pun, a sex-related pun.
 Oh, right, right.
 It'd be good for off menu.
 Yeah.
 The rest is jizz three.
 Yeah.
 Well, that's good.
 The rest is Pollard Dicks.
 I can't come up with one for fish.
 Yeah.
 I can't think of any of the other podcasts.
 What are they?
 No, I mean, either.
 From our own correspondent.
 That's all.
 That's Radio 4 and it doesn't count.
 Say it anyway, listen to it.
 That's an Island Dicks.
 That is a podcast, though, isn't it?
 Yes, it's true.
 Anyway.
 We'll come back to it.
 I guess we get any.
 Yeah.
 No.
 I'm just going to pop this outside one sec.
 Oh, yeah.
 What?
 Weird.
 Dan's just gone to put his charger outside the room.
 That is a reverse Amazon delivery guy.
 He just takes items and puts them out of his house.
 You're computer getting too charred.
 No, Fen needs the charger.
 Nice.
 I understand.
 Can I tell you about Gareth the Cornish Hedger?
 Oh, I love Cornish Hedges.
 It's probably one of my top five favorite topics.
 Yes, please.
 Well, Gareth has been maintaining a bit of correspondence with the Fish Inbox for some
 time.
 He's been hedging away.
 Okay.
 So he's been keeping us updated on how many he's listened to, you know, just to inform
 I have now listened to 200 episodes.
 Some of them have been quite good.
 Well done.
 Thanks, Gareth.
 And so on.
 Yeah.
 And then anyway, latest update from Gareth.
 Sorry, this is a character who's been in my life for some time and I'm just introducing
 him to you all.
 Great.
 So as in after however many hundred emails, he's finally hit a winner to be coming good
 enough to come on our show.
 Well, he's listened to all the shows.
 I just wanted to let you know it took me 10 weeks to listen to the entire back catalogue.
 Oh.
 520 episodes.
 Wow.
 So please, can you send me loads of merch?
 No.
 And praise my name from the mountain tops.
 Well, we'll do that.
 Thank you very much, Gareth.
 Can he let us know if any of the ad points are in the wrong position?
 Yeah.
 Yeah, I feel like if anyone listening is going to go back and listen from the start in one
 bolt go, could you let us know first because there is bits of admin we'd love to be able
 to find out.
 We can't afford to pay it in turn.
 So Gareth the Hedgehog.
 Anyway, thank you, Gareth.
 That's great.
 I can't believe he didn't make it through with his first email where he said he was
 a Cornish Hedgehog.
 I know.
 Well, Liv claims that she's listened to all 700 episodes.
 Liv Malone.
 Okay.
 In the space of two months.
 700.
 Yeah.
 Let's work that out.
 She means something.
 I guess bonus episodes and drops the lines.
 Drops the lines.
 Yeah.
 All right.
 So that's two months, 10 weeks.
 They're pretty similar times.
 How productive is Liv at work, do we think?
 Do you know, oddly, she says, if anyone asks me, if anyone in charge of me at my place
 of work asks, because that isn't true, that I've done that and I'm very productive.
 Right.
 So, yeah.
 Your Liv's employer, maybe a little review.
 Keegan from Bloomington, Indiana, who says to add to your recent discussions of the 14
 tube notes in Dvorak Symphony No. 9.
 Oh my God.
 Yes.
 I'm a semi-professional orchestra percussionist and we are frequently the only people on stage
 with even fewer notes than the Tuba.
 So this is great.
 Most notably in Brookner's 7th Symphony, there is only a single cymbal clash and a single
 triangle roll.
 The two percussionists have to wait until about 45 minutes into the massive 80-minute
 symphony in order to get their one note each.
 What makes it even sillier is that the cymbal crash and triangle roll happen at the same
 time, so you do need two players there to perform it, both are being paid the same wage
 as other members of the orchestra, many of whom are playing thousands of notes while
 the percussionist plays one.
 I'm not being funny, but I would say, I know it's a very skilled job to be a percussionist,
 but if it's just banging some cymbals together, I would think that the second oboe could just
 double up.
 Yeah.
 Save the money.
 Well, Keegan writes, "There's a popular story in the percussion world, likely apocryphal,
 of a cymbal player who psyched himself out so much in the 45 minutes leading up to the
 crash that, despite standing and picking up the cymbals at the right time, he froze and
 missed it.
 He then had to put the cymbals down and sit back down."
 It makes so much sense.
 There's too much pressure on a single note.
 When you've got lots of notes, it's fine.
 You can find your feet.
 You can warm up.
 Anyway, thank you, Keegan.
 That's amazing.
 I'd love to know if Keegan needs sheet music for his gig.
 I think he just can count the 45 minutes in his head.
 That's fine.
 I wonder what the most a triangle, like if that's the least that your gig gets out of
 you, one note for a whole piece, what's the most a triangle has ever been worked in an
 orchestra?
 Oh, yeah.
 Is there not a triangle concerto that someone wrote?
 I feel like there is.
 Right.
 I think so.
 Triangles have, this is really ignorant.
 I don't know.
 There's no apologies to triangle players, but are there different notes or is it the
 same notes?
 A triangle concerto sounds not very good to listen to.
 It's mostly the rest of the orchestra.
 It's mostly the background stuff.
 Right.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 I think musicians should be paid by the note.
 Wow.
 Interesting.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And by the beat.
 So if you're playing a semi-brief, you get four times as much as a crotchet or whatever
 semi-brief is.
 Well, the thing is, like it's very important in an orchestra to have your, let's say you've
 got a euphonium just going boom, boom, boom.
 And then you've got your violin going, they're both almost as important as each other.
 Really?
 Anna, that's a boss class thing to say.
 And I want to stick up on behalf of the unionized musicians who you've got to turn up, you get
 paid.
 Do you know how, if you have unprotected sex, then you might get an STD or something?
 What?
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 So the people who use condoms wouldn't, but the people who don't use condoms might.
 And so you could call your company, the rest is poorly dicks.
 Yeah.
 That's good.
 Yeah.
 I think that was almost worth the wait.
 I've just, I've been silent for the last 25 minutes, like a triangle player for an orchestra,
 just working that out.
 And I feel like I froze a little bit.
 I think you should have just sat back down.
 Here's an actual achievement by a listener, and this is an anonymous correspondent who
 writes, "Watching the Paralympics today, I thought the team would love to be reminded
 of one of your past correspondence.
 In fact, not just a listener, a clubfish member has entered an even more special club.
 Our anonymous correspondent writes, "Sophie Unwin wrote you an email that you read out
 in the February 2024, drop us a line.
 This was in the intermittent discussions of the varieties of the phrase, can you smell
 my ass?
 She is a Team GB Paralympic cyclist in the visually impaired classification and rides
 a tandem with a sighted pilot cyclist.
 She felt that her sport qualified as the most ass-smelling sport."
 Oh my God.
 She just got a bronze medal, a gold medal, and a world record at the Paris Paralympics.
 Oh my God.
 An amazing Sophie Unwin.
 Imagine the difficulty I had over the last month to book Olympians and Paralympians for
 our other podcast.
 Quite a good spot.
 And I forgot that we had one who wrote into clubfish.
 That is amazing.
 Are you still listening, Sophie?
 Congratulations.
 That's incredible.
 It's so exciting.
 Come and talk to us.
 We'll back edit you into our show.
 That's so cool.
 That's amazing.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Congratulations, Sophie.
 Incredible.
 What was the line?
 Can you smell my ass?
 It was the basketball thing.
 Yeah, no.
 It was about, it was Shaq and someone else, it was a, but we just, we quoted it wrong.
 How have we not done that as a t-shirt?
 How?
 That is, that is our next t-shirt.
 Ah.
 Olympians.
 Cool.
 Very cool.
 Bye.
 Thank you for listening.
 If you've got something to tell us, then tell us at podcast@qi.com.
 You know, send in your expertise, your thoughts, your witty banter.
 Sometimes just praise.
 That's also fine.
 We love getting your emails and we'll keep reading them.
 And there we go.
 Bag drained.
 And we'll see you next time.
 Is that your new outro, Andy?
 Bag drained.
 It's a big symbol at the end.
 Lovely.
 Bye.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
