 [Music]
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming to you from the
 QI offices in Hobern. My name is Dan Schreiber, I'm sitting here with Andrew Hunter Murray,
 Anna Tyshinski and James Harkin, and once again we have gathered around the microphones with our
 four favorite facts from the last seven days and in a particular order here we go. Starting with fact
 number one and that is James. Okay my fact this week is that everyone in the French town of Evian
 is allowed unlimited free Evian. Are they allowed it from like do they have to go up and put their
 mouth to the spring? Well I don't know how it comes out. They just come through the taps right?
 No no, Andy's closest but he is wrong. So this is the town of Evian de Ban on the banks of the
 Lake Geneva and it's in France and they have this special spring of water and this is where we get
 the Evian today but the people of the town can go to the spring, it has a special sort of spout
 and you can go and get unlimited Evian from there. You don't have to go with your mouth
 on the spout when I went there. Because that ruins the spout for everyone. It ruins the entire
 company's operations actually, millions of people. Yeah absolutely so I went there recently on my
 holidays because you guys have had some guests on the last few weeks. I was going from a ski resort
 to Geneva where our flight was going from and saw that Evian was, I won't say on the way,
 we had to take quite a long diversion but I said to my wife why don't we go to this
 place Evian because it's kind of an interesting place that I've heard of. Baby was sick but
 it was fine. Drank some bad water or something. But we went there and I drank some of the Evian
 water with my cupped hand so I allowed it to go into my cupped hand and I drank it but just as
 we're leaving actually there was a guy who turned up in his car opened his boot and he must have had
 about 50 glass bottles where he went to the spring and he filled up all of his bottles so he had as
 much Evian as he could drink and that apparently is a common thing that the people of Evian do.
 You're so lucky, you're so lucky that you got there before him rather than just oh yeah. Mate I'm
 just trying to fill up my two cupped hands. No sorry I've only got 47 bottles to go. What I'm
 imagining is like a municipal water, not a water cooler, you know a thing like in a school gym
 where you put your mouth to it. Yeah it's not quite like that. Press the button and it squirts up a
 bit but not very much. No it's not that, it's something where it is always flowing out. Nice.
 So it is kind of a mosaic of a nice sort of like flowers and stuff like that and then there's a
 little bowl underneath made of stone and the water just keeps going into the bowl and then drains away
 presumably to the every other factory where it goes into your bottles. No I don't know that.
 If you're a rival company could you just go and bottle your own? Brilliant idea, brilliant.
 You could but I imagine it's probably not efficient. Probably the cost is not the water,
 it's the bottling factory. If your Buxton Springs say and your entire factory is in
 Buxton in Derbyshire, probably it's not worth it to drive all the way down to Geneva.
 Free water, I mean you could just get it out of the tap if you were trying to get more like water.
 Which some bottle companies did, didn't you? Yes, Dasani I think famously did that. Dasani which
 was coke-owned and it just turned out to be tap water that they sort of run that water under the
 tap. I didn't know how they'd done it but they basically like it was tap. I think that's a slightly
 misleading but if it was what it still is now which is that it's tap water as is more than two
 thirds of bottled water in America and lots of it here basically it's filtered tap water so they've
 taken tap water filtered it but the great thing about these big soft drinks companies is they're
 already filtering the water to put in their Fanta and their Coke or whatever so they've got this
 big water filtration system set up all they need to do is turn the tap on a bit more
 so yeah that is yeah but what did they drink then in Avian through the tap? Is it the same
 source of water coming through? What a good question so no because they will have and I don't
 know for sure but they must have reservoirs where the water comes from because this is just a small
 spring and certainly wouldn't be enough to fill what is a an average size French town. Yeah right
 okay. I heard though that they only take about 10% of the Avian water to turn into Avian from this
 spring and it filters down through the rock and then it takes about 15 years and it goes into
 an underground aquifer and then once the aquifer is full the water gets forced up back up to the
 surface and then it emerges at that spring and that whole thing takes 15 years to do I believe.
 That's what they say on the website 15 years is that number? That's what I got it from yeah.
 Why would they lie about that? It's actually 19 years but it's such a round number. There is an
 interesting thing on the website which talks about the history I don't know if you saw this
 they said that 1789 was a very important year in Avian water history and seeing as they were in
 France it feels like 1789 probably was quite an important year. I thought that. Pretty much for
 everyone because actually their water sauce was discovered by a French nobleman. Right. Do you
 feel like probably had other things on his mind? I was the last thing he ever did wasn't it? I have
 looked for the Marquis de Lesser who I'm sure was not top of the list when the revolution came
 but I searched for his I searched his name there's no other he doesn't crop up anywhere else. No he
 does that I think there is some suggestion that a bit of this origin story might not be 100 true
 but it is certainly it was it was on this guy's land in Avian and supposedly this nobleman had
 kidney stones or something drank some of this water and his kidney stones disappeared and he
 was like this is great stuff and then the guy who owned the land started to sell the water. Yeah if
 it was a perfect origin story like the ones they always make up it would be he was out for a walk
 on date he fell over some of the water fell into his mouth and then he fell his kidney stones carrying
 up so weird. Yeah. Bottle of water the idea comes from the fact that it was good for your health
 doesn't it it was a medicine for ages and that's the reason we drink it today really is because of
 all these bar places or bath places like Bath or Lemmington or Buxton and in the 19th century in
 Jane Austen. Bath is named after Bath is that like having a bath it would be so weird because I'm
 just going to go and have a quick Lemmington. Have you given the baby his Lemmington tonight?
 Although we should make clear for the email writers that we do know that Bards are not named after
 the place Bath. I didn't know that and I don't mind getting an email about it. I'm pleased I'm so
 one now. Are they not? That's a good way round. It's going to be the other way round isn't it?
 What? You just you work on that log in for a moment. No, no it could have been where someone had the
 first bath. It could have been. It's like a Roman walking by tripped down into the hot water. Loved it.
 A loofa lunged on his head and a duck floated by and he squeezed it and I went 'wack'.
 This is amazing. Anyway the way that bottling began actually was people used to go somewhere
 like Bath and they take the waters for their health like in Jane Austen. You drink the waters,
 you bathe in the waters, you'd get rid of your whatever poolsy you had or spots or whatever.
 But some people were too busy or too poor to be able to afford this constant water treatments
 and traveling to these spa towns so they subscribed instead much like you might subscribe to, I don't
 know, Hello Fresh or... Right, we're off the clock Anna. You don't have to do this. They subscribe
 to water deliveries which will be bottled up and sent to them for their health. And those are the
 original bottles. That's original bottle water. That's very cool. So it was a kind of spa destination
 Evian as well and this was before they were bottling it. This is 1806. They had a thermal
 spa that opened. The bottling happened in 1826. But you would think then that as a result this is
 just like you'd go there it'd be this majestical like kind of mindfulness place and really nice.
 But we have an account of what it was like from someone traveling through there
 in the 1810s roughly and that was Percy Shelley and Mary Shelley. He said the appearance of the
 inhabitants is more wretched, diseased and poor than I ever recollect to have seen. It's not a great
 trip advisor review there. Not a good advert for the health keeping losses. It does appear in
 Frankenstein as well by the way, Evian. He goes on his honeymoon there I think. That's right,
 yeah. Wait, Dr Frankenstein? Yeah, yeah. Really? He goes to Evian. Yeah, so it yeah,
 Mary Shelley literally puts the town into the book. Phil Collins has a house on the banks of Lake
 Geneva. Get out. Does he? What? Is that surprising? I just I'm happy I know it. Okay. I just looked up
 people who live near Lake Geneva. It's quite posh isn't it that area? It's got my stuff there.
 Yeah, it became posh after they found the water really. They built massive hotels there and a
 casino. The casino is interesting because after World War II and Hitler killed himself, there were
 rumours that Hitler was still alive and there was a rumour that he was working as a croupier in
 Evian in the big casino. Oh really? Yeah, yeah. Oh wow. The people went down there trying to find
 Hitler and they were like, oh no, it's just a guy who looks like Hitler. Wow. How long are you there
 Phil, by the way? We just like just until the baby got started crying. So about 45 minutes. Okay,
 so just to just to have it. Yeah, we just we needed somewhere to go for lunch. So yeah,
 just went there. Not long enough to find Hitler. No, Hitler. No, we didn't see him. Are you guys
 a fan of Evian? Drink it at home? Yeah, I drink Evian. Do you? Yeah, yeah. Anyone else in your
 household drink Evian? Yeah, everyone in my house drinks Evian, yeah. Who are the members of your
 household again? It's myself and my wife and my daughter. Yeah, yeah. Anyone else? Well, no, humans.
 Look, we've got to come out and say this. For the record, James has got a cat and sometimes
 his cat drinks Evian. And when we say sometimes, only when she's thirsty every single day,
 James gives his cat Evian. I have to say before we started, these guys already knew this and I do
 think of all the things in my life, this is the only thing that really can spoil my man of the
 people. This is your meow two moment as of it. Brilliant. And I kind of want you to keep hold
 of it because isn't it because of your fault? It's Anna's fault. And just dear listener, this is
 what happened. Anna told me that cats have special taste buds on their tongues that can taste water.
 And so for us, water doesn't taste of anything. But for cats, it's really important and they can
 taste the difference. And London water is disgusting. True. And we happen to have quite a lot of
 Evian in the house because I'd stop how the load for COVID. And I just started giving it to my cat
 and she liked it. And she still likes it. Since you left Bolton, James. I think the listeners
 would appreciate that we live and we die and our cats live and die by our facts. And that's fair
 enough. And it's true cats can taste water. They were as we can't. But then there's this big question
 over given the water taste of nothing, how do we know we're drinking water and not some poisonous
 substance all the time? Well, you can't. That's interesting. It doesn't taste because it's but
 there are some tasteless things like arsenic doesn't taste of anything. Does it? But you can't
 like if I if I give you a pint of arsenic, you wouldn't necessarily know it was not water. No,
 that's true. But I would just think the odds are you struggle to get hold of a pint of arsenic. You'd
 have to read. I have to really annoyed you and keep going. He's a resourceful man. No, I just sort
 of think it's probably it's probably going to be water. And I've been right every time so far. I
 don't like to brag. You only have to be wrong once. No, that's true. I'll keep spinning that. But
 there's there is a reason you haven't been wrong, which is that you can tell that it's water. And
 they've only just found this. And it's that it doesn't taste sour, but it registers on our sour
 taste buds. And it's related to a fact that a guest shared actually, one of those other guests we
 had in when we kicked James off the show, I think basically when you drink water, it washes away
 your saliva. And then our mouths in the process of replacing saliva produce protons. And Steve
 Mould when he came on, his fact was protons taste sour. Oh, yeah. So it triggers our sour taste buds.
 It is mad how much bottled water we drink now. I had no idea how much people are drinking bottled
 water. And I don't get it. So obviously, in developing countries, it's really important
 because you can't get in a lot of countries, you can't get clean tap water, tasty water in
 London, of course, delicious water in London. Same same problem. But it's not helping you're
 fast tracking to cancellation. It's not developing countries that are consuming it all. So in
 Singapore, how many liters do you reckon per person per annum per annum? Oh, my God. I mean,
 half liter a day, a liter a day, 300 liters, 300 liters per person per annum of tap water.
 1,129 liters per person. 3 liters of water a day. Bottled and bottled.
 3 liters of bottled water per person per day. That's insane. There's going to be some outliers,
 aren't there? There's going to be some people who don't have any of that.
 Yeah. Australia is a second worst offender. Australians are drinking 504 liters of bottled
 water a person a year. Get out. Isn't that insane? It's bananas. It's really hot. The water's good.
 Yeah, but the water's good. The tap water's fine. There's a lot of cats in Australia just to say.
 We're by the beach. You can't drink the salt water. You need to have a good old... No one is
 proposing you drink salt water. There is such a gap in your logic between the bottle of water and
 the sea. No, the logic is you're down by the sea for a lot of the day where you cannot get
 access to tap water. Fill up a bottle and take it down. Oh, yeah. I do think that argument has
 persuaded me not that it's right, but that's probably why it is. It's convenient, isn't it?
 People are out. They've forgotten their bottle. Exactly. Remember your bottle of Australians.
 Is everyone at the beach always in Australia? I know that's the myth that we read, but I don't
 believe they all do live next to the beach, though, don't they? I mean, no one lives in the middle.
 Well, you'd also need bottled water. I found a thing about water pipes. This was because I was
 looking up tap water and how it works and what the pipes are like. Anyway, this is from a website
 called Best Life Online. Oh, yeah. And the headline is eight surprising places you're letting snakes
 into your home. I'd be surprised living in central London if they're getting it anywhere.
 Yeah. And actually, the terrible thing about this article was I wasn't especially surprised by any
 of the places. Well, toilet. They come up through your toilet. Toilet, water pipes, window, plumbing
 gaps. Didn't have window. Cat door. No, that's good. That's much. I would be a bit surprised
 by that because you're expecting the cat, aren't you? Showers, cracks in the foundation,
 basement access points. And the only one I find mildly surprising, shoes you might have left
 outside. Yeah, that makes sense. Come home, take off your shoes outside. What would be a surprising
 entry, though? Out of your computer tower. Like just spiraling out of the computer. I just do
 my work on my computer and my office in my house. Do you come all the way to your computer
 tower? This is where I'm out of touch. I have a tower and medieval fortification that I do
 in my computer work. It's annoying because you can't get Wi-Fi in there, but you still go over
 there. You can get a bit if you stand there, one of the arrow slits. You can get a tiny bit, but it's not much.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two. That is Anna. My fact this week is that there's a mangrove
 forest in Indonesia that's actually a womangrove. Riddle roundabout. Yeah, it's not really a fact
 that you can tell your friends is it without me explaining it a bit further. But it's really
 cool. So this is in Papua and it's a forest called Hutan Per Empuan. And it's a forest where only
 women are allowed to go. The oldest women who go there say it's been happening for as long as
 they can remember and their grandmothers did it. And mangroves are basically forests that are underwater
 partly. So no, no, sorry. It's a bad description. I'm backtrack. Mangroves are trees. The mangrove,
 there are about a few dozen species of mangrove tree and they're the only trees which can grow
 in saltwater. They're amazing things for all sorts of reasons. You tend to get them in brackish
 areas where it's like right on the coast. So it's where the saltwater hits the freshwater. All along
 the shoreline. And it's basically they exist between high and low tide. So they spend a lot of
 their life in water and a lot of their life out of water. And it's very swampy and gross in a
 mangrove. But these swampy, it's gross if you don't like swampy, but these women like it.
 Because they get to gossip, essentially. So these are specifically people from the
 Engros and Tobati tribes on the Indonesian side of Papua Island. And they weighed in,
 they collect these shellfish from the mud, they sell them at market, you have to go in naked,
 which is kind of the reason why men aren't allowed. Because then they see the ladies naked.
 And they essentially use it as a way to swap stories, do some female bonding, bitch about the
 men, pass down a lot of ancient wisdom. It's just a really great women only thing.
 It's like gossiping, slagging off the men, occasionally a bit of ancient wisdom.
 I like those because I subscribe to one of those gossip magazines. But then on the last page,
 there's always a little bit of ancient wisdom. But they also, they're encouraged to just yell
 out whatever their inner voices. So just random statements that no one will understand. You get
 it out. You do that. That's fine. That's clever. The inner voice yell. I read that men are allowed
 in the forest, but only when there are no women there. Is that right? That is correct. So there are
 times that men are allowed in to collect wood, but they've got to make sure that there are no ladies
 in there. Question. It feels to me like it would be quite hard to work out when there are no ladies
 in a forest. Forest is big. Is there like one of those in-out stickers or labels where you just
 slide it over? No, you just got to listen to the gossiping that's going on, which is basically
 what they say. That's so they can just talk and talk. So if you can't hear any ladies,
 they're probably not there because they use it as their time literally to just have great chat.
 Is anyone gossiping or quoting Marcus Aurelius? No. And if you do enter as a man when you're not
 allowed to, you are taken to Tribal Court and you have to pay a fine in polished stones.
 Yeah. Wow. So they take their Kohl Kohl, it's called. It's like their boat. They have a sort of
 group of them that go out with a singular boat and they make a pack not to leave each other.
 And then they go clam hunting, fish hunting as well. And big problems in modern day mangrove,
 womangrove situations is the fact that people like Evian bottles are getting into their
 areas. It's full of plastic now. And so the clams have gone, wait, sorry to knock Evian.
 I do. I recycle my Evian bottles that the cat drinks. I don't go all the way to
 Papua New Guinea to throw them away. But there's a big problem now. It's really affecting them.
 Mangroves are so great. And it's quite sad researching them because you read about all
 the threats of them predominantly from climate change and habitat loss, habitat destruction.
 If people are using a strip of coastline for things like shrimp farming, which is a big industry
 in lots of these countries, then it just sort of tear up the mangroves basically. But they are
 incredible. They're among the only few plants which can tolerate saltwater out of 400,000
 species of plant in the world. 1,500 can tolerate saltwater. Mangroves are among them.
 They live for a really long time. It's so alien when I hear it, like just all the things that they
 can do that other trees can't do. So yeah, they filter out 90% of the salt that comes in. But
 the ones that don't do that, they've got these special leaves. I mean, the leaves are like waxy
 substances where they leak out the salt. They can also sweat out crystallized salt on their leaves.
 They're so cool. But then there's other ones where they will basically send the salt to the old
 leaves in the old bark. So it's not touching the new bit of the tree. That's so intelligent. I'm using
 the word intelligent. I'm using the word quite wrongly. It seems like if you look around the
 world that lots of groups of women are in mangrove forests working, it seems. In Mexico, they have
 las chelameras, who are male and women who work in a certain area of mangroves, protecting the
 ecosystem. In Kenya, you have the mangrove mothers who work on Pate Island. Pate Island? Is that you
 live big footprints in Pate Island, don't you? It might be Pate Island, but I prefer Pate Island,
 don't you? And in India, in Maharashtra, you have a collective of women who kind of work in the mangroves.
 They do safaris, but they also help protect the forest. So it just seems like everywhere you look
 around the world, wherever there's mangroves, there seems to be women working there. We need to rename
 them. Sounds like they need a rebrand. Yeah, they mop up tsunamis. Yeah, just incredible. They absorb
 the energy of incoming waves when they're coastal. So the wave can lose two-thirds of its energy,
 right? Yeah, you know, and that's really, really useful. There was a study in China which found
 they reduced floodwater level in a tropical storm by about three meters, which is very useful.
 Annoying if you're a surfer, don't surf in a mangrove. You'll see a brilliant wave coming at you,
 it would have disappeared by the time you hit it. Very few of the Beach Boys' big hits are about
 mangroves. But the other nice thing they do is they store huge amounts of carbon because
 they build up these big peat deposits beneath them. Some of them are up to six meters deep.
 And they did a study in 2001, so quite a while ago, but they found that the loss of mangroves
 is 35%, which is worse than tropical forests or coral reefs. Oh, really? Don't look at that fact at all.
 The world's biggest bacterium ever was found in a mangrove forest. Oh, yeah, we've mentioned him.
 Yeah, yeah. I hope it wasn't her. Otherwise, that bacterium would have been arrested and forced
 to hand in polished rocks. Can I say, if you eat mangrove, it contains asparagusic acid,
 which is the stuff that makes your urine smell after eating asparagus. Does it make your
 wee smell the same as asparagus? No, the same. Asparagus acid also kills parasitic nematodes,
 which is why it's evolved into these two places. So it protects the asparagus plant and the mangroves
 against these nematode worms. That's good. Interesting thing about that. They need wee mangroves.
 They rely on fish wee. It turned out because part of the way they survive is through consuming lots
 of nitrogen. They make great use of nitrogen and that is produced by fish wee and they did
 a study of a mangrove forest in the Bahamas and they found that there were just two species of fish,
 two types of snapper that doubled the amount of nitrogen in the water and made it possible to
 survive. Wow. Hey, here's a little mini quiz. Yeah. Which of these is not a nickname for mangroves?
 Okay. Walking trees, dead man's fingers, the kidneys of the coast.
 Well, you would think kidneys of the coast because they effectively are doing what kidneys do,
 which is filtering stuff. So I'm going to say it's definitely not that. That's not the nickname.
 It's not the nickname. No, that is the name. That is the name. Because your question is,
 which is not the nickname. Yeah. Oh, right, you're doing the thought. Yeah. Double negative. I'm
 going to say they look like they walk because their roots are so huge and they come out of the
 ground. I've actually always found them really creepy because they look like giant spiders,
 don't they? Fields of spiders. So I think they're probably called walking trees. Is that what you
 said? Well, I think that bananas are walking trees. Yeah. Like bananas walk as in they move.
 Bananas. I saw it from in pajamas. No, banana trees. Yeah, banana trees. They move. Yeah.
 As in they'll propagate another banana tree maybe a few meters away from them. And if you
 go back two years later, it looks like the trees moved. Yeah. I think this was like one of the
 famous moments on QI where Sean Locke said the trees they walk and Stephen was like, no,
 they don't. And then it came through. Well, we were literally on the computers going,
 yes, they do, Stephen. Yes, they do, Stephen. Stephen, this is Andy coming to you from my
 computer tower. I can confirm. I'm going to say that I think you kind of danced around the idea
 of the dead man fingers when you said spiders. It looks like dead man fingers are coming out
 with these big balls. So I say yes to that, yes to that. And I think you're tricking us. I think
 all three are. Dan's got it. They're all nicknames for that. Walking trees. You couldn't be asked
 to come up with a fourth fake nickname. Dead Man's Fingers. I'll come up with another one now.
 Stop staring at me. I'll spare you. Only time. You can do it later and edit it in.
 Yeah, yeah. Salty Creepy Boys. Oh, okay. Now, that's a difficult one.
 Can I quickly talk about a place where women are not allowed? Yeah, the Yorkie Factory.
 And he knows his reference for British listeners. This is Mount Athos in Greece,
 which was known as the place of 6,000 beards. Because there were monasteries on there and
 monks were allowed, but women were not allowed in there. And they had a law called the Avaton,
 which prohibited women from entering. And the idea is that the monastery started when the Virgin
 Mary was sailing across the coast or something, and it stopped at this place. And the voice of God
 said, let no other woman come here because the Virgin Mary's been here and no other women are
 allowed. So we're going to put a stop to that. We didn't like her at all. So even when the British
 Royal Family went, Prince Philip was allowed on the island and the Queen, Queen Elizabeth II wasn't.
 Helena of Bulgaria, she in the 14th century had the plague, and she was brought there to try and
 help her. But she was carried so that her feet never touched the ground. I know. And there was a
 brilliant writer, a French writer called Marie Choisie. And she had written a book called
 "Un noir chez le feel", which was a month with the girls where she was in a brothel. And then she
 wrote a second book called "Un noir chez les hommes", which was a month with the men, which was about
 going to this place. And she had a double radial mastectomy. That's commitment. I know. And wore
 a false mustache. And she posed as a man and went to this place. And she spoke to all the monks and
 stuff and asked them what was going on. And she asked one monk, she said, what's this deal like?
 Is it true that you're not even allowed female animals in this place? And the monk said, we must
 draw the line somewhere. The day we possessed a hen, some brothers would argue that we should also
 accept a she-cat, a you, or even a she-ass. And there is but a short step from a she-ass to a woman.
 What do you mean a you? Not me? I'm not one.
 But yeah, isn't that amazing? I never heard of this, Marie Choisie.
 She swasied pretty weirdly, I would say, having both your breasts locked off.
 Just to go on this journalistic expedition?
 Yeah, she was like a feminist reporter of a crazy sort of Louis Theroux of her time.
 Yeah, but you won't see Louis chopping his dick off to get into this mangrove, will you?
 Like that is... I don't know, Louis, if you're listening.
 I'm in a ladies mangrove in Luffa.
 Hi, I'm Louis. I'm from the BBC. You okay?
 Okay, it is time for fact number three, and that is Andy.
 My fact is that until the early 20th century, Swiss people were routinely being injured by the last ice age.
 The film? That's right. I hated it. Just a squirrel with a nut. I don't know, I haven't seen it.
 Is that what happens? I'm just about, yeah, Theroux is not under the ice, can't find it.
 Very long quest. Really? All four movies?
 Yeah, yeah. That's padding. I hasn't found it yet.
 Look, let's press on. This is a fact. It came from a list of facts. Every year, there's a
 guy called Tom Whitwell who does a list of 52 things he learned. Oh yeah.
 I've mentioned one of his facts before. Years ago, yeah.
 I have to limit myself because it's such a great list of facts.
 But he mentioned this fact, which came from a brilliant London Review of Books article
 by Jonah Goodman, and it's all about Swiss people who, until the early 20th century,
 loads of them had goiters, right? And that is a bulge of flesh that comes out of the front of
 your neck. And they can be really big. They can really limit your life if you have one.
 They make you wheeze, they weigh on your windpipe. They're really unpleasant to have,
 you know, and they're harmful. And everyone in Switzerland had them.
 Not everyone, but a lot of people had them. 80% of the country.
 It was crazy. And it was only on the sort of Swiss alpine plateau. We're quite
 no like Geneva actually for this fact as well. And there were dozens of theories doing the rounds.
 Is it the landscape, the air, the high altitude sunlight? Is it the incest? Someone said.
 Is it moral failure? Incest is probably a category of that. Anyway, like all these
 theories are doing rounds. And basically, it turned out it was thanks to the last Ice Age,
 because during the last Ice Age, Switzerland, very high up, was covered by an ice sheet that
 was about a thousand meters thick, and it melted and then refroze loads and loads of times, right?
 And it just absolutely ripped off the top 250 meters of rock and soil
 from the Swiss plateau. And wherever the ice sheet was, the soil was stripped of a chemical,
 which was iodine. And the lack of iodine is what causes goiters.
 And everyone was like, thank God it wasn't the incest.
 Keep going, hon. Oh dear. And it was lack of iodine? And it just did a complete
 number on half the population of Switzerland for centuries. It was extraordinary.
 I can't believe I've never heard of this. Had you guys heard of this before? No.
 It's astonishing, because this isn't like the 1700s. This is up until the 1920s,
 that 30% of military personnel in Switzerland had giant... When we talk about fashion, as we're
 going to do in the next fact, you do stuff to... Yeah, I know. We rarely throw forward.
 But clothing was designed largely for them to hide these giant throbbing lumps on their necks,
 which is... Yeah, and you can see photos. Can I do something a bit more
 classic and throw back to the last fact? Yeah, good. Yes, better. Safe ground.
 They used to have these things in the mangroves, the biggest mangrove in the world,
 which is on the border of India and Bangladesh, I think. And they would also have these big
 sort of collars, which covered your entire neck. But it wasn't to stop you from being able to see
 your goiter. Can you guess what it was for? Vampires? Anti-vampire device? Close. Get away.
 Yeah, very close. I think it's something more real. Werewolf. No. It's not that close. A spider.
 Oh, spider. No, it's because tigers live there. And people working in the mangroves,
 they would be caught by tigers. I don't know if a little ruff-ruff...
 They were quite solid collars, but they would stop the tigers from being able to bite you.
 Grab you by the scruff of the neck. Yeah, sorry. Anyway, we were talking about goiters.
 And I find it incredible that the ice age was this specific, just affected this one's place so
 specifically. Everyone else was kind of okay, but it stripped away the iodine. I mean, I think maybe
 it was moral failing, because that's just a very targeted approach. No, no, it's good to
 relitigate these things and test the theory. But it was quite hard for them to know exactly how
 many people had it because everyone was hiding it, people were embarrassed by it. So the census,
 if they did any kind of surveying, wouldn't really truly show it. So when conscription
 was happening for the armies, you had to have your medical and there was no way of hiding it.
 So in 1921, nearly 30% of 19 year old conscripts had a goiter on their neck.
 If you buy one of those Swiss army knives, there is a special goiter implement.
 People always say it's for taking stones out of horseshoes, but actually it's for popping the
 goiter. There was Mark Twain when he visited in 1880. I bet he had something typically kind
 and understanding to say about it. Wow. Maybe your views on Twain clear? I don't like him.
 He said, I, this isn't going to end you to him actually. He wrote, "I have seen the principal
 features of Swiss scenery, Mont Blanc and the goiter." Lovely. Thank you, Mark. Another
 very human and wise observation. Sorry, I just don't like Mark Twain. Anyway, let's move on.
 Wow. It's because he was incredibly rude about Jane Austen once. Oh my God.
 He was famously, no, no, he famously wrote, "Oh, I'd like to dig her up and beat her over
 the head with her own shin bone." And I just think, "Give me a break. Give me a break, Mark."
 Yeah. Next time you write something as good as Emma, you can have a pop at big dog Jane.
 But you never did. And you never will because you're dead. Anyway, sorry.
 Okay. So it affected not just goiters. So there was this other medical condition called,
 it was known at the time as cretinism, right? Where people had very serious
 developmental problems. They grew much shorter than normal. Their features didn't grow properly.
 A lot of them were deaf and mute. And there was a Swiss goiter commission. There were schools
 across the country for deaf, mute children. As in it really wasn't like a national health
 disaster. That's why I mean that company we haven't heard of this. Exactly. The word cretin comes
 from the French Alps because of this. Right. And do you know the origin of the word cretin?
 I thought it was really interesting because obviously it became an extremely offensive word.
 But originally it came from an alpine dialect word because it was so common in the Alps.
 It came from an alpine dialect word for Christian cretin. And it was to remind people that these
 people who looked often, you know, so inhuman in a way, a lot of deformities, to remind people
 that they were still human Christian people who were equally loved by God. We should be very kind
 to them. That's amazing. It started out as a very humane term. Because Bertrand Russell,
 he thought that iodine might have been evidence that humans don't have a soul.
 Because what he saw was that when you gave this chemical to people, suddenly they became more
 human as he saw it. Perhaps it's all about chemistry and it's not about the soul and Christianity
 and whatever. Interesting. Yeah, that kind of you can see the kind of where were chemical driven
 machines when when you throw something new into us and it changes the core. And it's kind of what
 happened, right? So when the all the theories that we're talking about earlier, moral compasses
 and all that sort of stuff, bad beer, when the original list that was on there, where do you
 wake up in bed with the cousin or sorry, it's the bad beer that caused the incest.
 There was four main players, I believe, when it comes down to how this eventually got solved.
 One was called Otto Bayard. And they were pushing this theory that yeah, we need we need more iodine.
 And he actually went to sort of little communities and he upped the iodine
 in all the things that they were consuming. So he went to the cows and he made sure that
 it was in the salt that they were licking it was in the that you know, in the milk that they were
 producing. There was tiny amounts that were being put into the food of this family. And he did it
 over a term of a school course in the winter and he came back and they had gotten better and suddenly
 he went Jesus, this is this is what it is. They're missing their iodine. And that's why we
 have it now that people put iodine in salt, isn't it? Yeah, because people around the world eat
 salt. Everyone eats a bit of salt. Iodine actually works quite well with salt. So they put it in
 there and that's kind of what did it. This is 88% of salt is now iodine.
 Not the UK, weirdly. Really? No, we get our iodine other ways. But I mean, there's it's in a lot of
 milk. Because cows cows are given iodine. And so it happens that way. I believe the
 vast majority is not usually isn't. Yeah, like sea salt and rock salt are not because they're made
 differently. But even table salt in the UK is not standardly iodized. The doctor who found it was
 called Heinrich Hunziker, great name. And it was because it all goes through your thyroid gland,
 which is at the front of your neck. And if you don't get enough, it swells up because it's
 desperately trying to find more iodine from your bloodstream. So it swells and swells and swells.
 That's what causes it. And it's like all of it, the brain fog and the muscle ache and the goiters,
 all of it is due to your body just desperately hunting. But the problem that took them a long
 time to work out why it was just a little bit of iodine was required is that if you give people
 too much iodine, at least to catastrophic health consequences in the other direction. So you need
 one 15,000th of one gram of iodine a day. It's very small. And they were trying to give people a
 gram a day of iodine and they were getting terribly ill and they were saying, "Well, the iodine's a
 disaster. Look at that." So it took a long time to work out. It is one of those frustrating things.
 It's a little bit like hand washing where people were saying it for over 100 years.
 People kept saying, "Do you know what? I think iodine is the answer to this." And everyone,
 "No, no, no, don't. It's just going to kill you." And one of the key people,
 another one of the key people who changed things was a guy called Hans Egenberger.
 Sounds like a McDonald's offering. It was actually a very important man.
 Do you want to, well, someone said to him one day, "Do you want salt on your Egenberger?"
 And he realized, take this a moment. Good old Egenberger. He was a very charismatic guy. He was
 the male. He was in charge of a specific Swiss canton and he realized that iodine, a little bit
 of iodine was the answer. And so he decided to add to his town cinema. This is in the 1920s. His
 town cinemas program of light entertainment. So the cinema was showing loads of really fun
 films. He added a lecture on iodized salt in amongst the light entertainment. But for some reason,
 because he was so charismatic and popular, everyone flooded in to watch it. And he put lots
 of jokes in. He did this lecture, lots of tricks and jokes and fun words, like he called it whole
 salt. I don't know, that's not fun, but it was funny at the time. Anyway, straight after everyone
 went to see this great film of his, there was a petition, I got thousands of signatures and
 iodized salt was introduced. Brilliant. Wow. And then Gandhi hated it, didn't he?
 Gandhi? Did he? What, the iodization of salt? Yeah, he did lots of good stuff, of course, Gandhi.
 We have to say, for balance. I mean, the problem was that it was the British who were taxing
 local salt and then kind of replacing it with these iodized salt. And he kind of started anti-salt
 riots. Did he walk to the sea protesting about the salt thing? He did the long walk, yeah.
 To try and get proper salt from the sea? I think it was raising awareness. I mean,
 obviously, like the tax thing was real, but the iodized thing was kind of just a side
 hustle that he thought was colonial. I see. A rare misfire from Gandhi there. I'm not trying to
 cancel Gandhi, like you're trying to cancel Mark Twain, just to say. No, no, and I'll
 definitely keep going on the Twain thing. Goitre used to be nicknamed "Darbyshire Neck"
 in the UK. In the UK, right. Yeah, supposedly, because... People in Buxton got it.
 Maybe. Maybe. Well, lots of bits of Darbyshire are quite far from the sea and seafood contains...
 All of us, in fact.
 Yeah, but some bits are closer than others.
 The exact centre of Darbyshire is a long way from the sea, yeah.
 Yeah, and the seafood contains lots of iodine, so maybe people living in the less sea adjacent
 of Darbyshire, which obviously doesn't touch the sea, we're getting a bit less.
 Just on iodine, it's very useful in other ways. I actually remember, this is just personal,
 but I remember having to drink iodine water. Have you guys ever drunk that because it purifies
 water? No. I went to Malawi when I was a teenager for like two months and yeah.
 With iodine tablets. Yeah, with the drop of iodine tab in and you taste it for the first time
 and you go, "I can't drink this shit for two months." So what does it do? It purifies water.
 Just purifies the goodness. Yeah, it's very useful for that. I feel like I've had that, yeah.
 Because that's why Andy's the only one with a gaiter around they're taking.
 I really thought that my polo neck was concealing that, but apparently not.
 It did save you of that tiger, in fact, too, that didn't it?
 But something else it does, you can detect counterfeit money and if you remember your school
 chemistry, you might be able to work out why. So real money is on cotton or linen, usually paper.
 So we shouldn't call it paper money. Counterfeit money often just made of actual paper, wood-based
 paper. And wood-based paper contains starch. And do you remember when you're detecting starch in
 science? Iodine is the thing that reacts to starch and shows up if starch is in something. So if you
 rub an iodine pen on paper and it reacts to it, then it means that it's made of wood. But this
 has been used to catch people. And there was a story in 2016 where a 14-year-old girl caused the
 police to descend on her school lunch and she was put in handcuffs because she paid with a two-dollar
 bill, bizarrely, that an iodine pen that the school had showed up as fake. The police came.
 The police came, she was put in handcuffs. She wasn't allowed to eat lunch that day. She went hungry.
 She said, "I promised that my grandma gave me the money."
 Was her grandmother doing the forging? It turns out her grandmother's not a criminal either.
 This method doesn't work on money that was made before about 1955. And her grandma had given her,
 obviously, a note they've been taking in her wallet for a very long time. So she went free in the end.
 She is not still incarcerated. I imagine she was still incarcerated.
 You've got to keep her in just in case. Pardon by Biden if he is later.
 I've got an audience fact about ice sheets. It's from Percy Fulford. And I just love the way this
 email begins, right? Percy writes, "Admittedly, this one sounds a bit like a James Harkin quote
 fact, but bear with me." I think Percy is confused James and Dan here.
 Thank you, Percy, for your email. Is he put his address on? I'm not giving you it.
 I'm sure he just means a dantribe effect. Well, no one's worried that I'm taking effects from that.
 You know, because Dan likes his crypto stuff. Okay, yeah. Anyway,
 you're going to tell us this fact is falling on very stony ground. In the last ice age,
 much of Canada was covered in massive, several kilometer thick glaciers, which have now melted.
 Those glaciers were immensely heavy, but now the weight has been lifted. The crust is springing
 back up at about 12 million meters a year, like a memory foam mattress. Yeah. However, until the
 cross 12 million meters a year, millimeters, millimeters. It's amazing that picture of
 earth from space. Canada is hundreds of miles. I'm underwhelmed. However, until the crust fully
 rebounds from the weight of these glaciers, Canada's landscape is missing the immense mass that caused
 its shape. So for the time being, moving to Canada, particularly to somewhere near Hudson Bay, remains
 an effective weight loss method. If that's true, the UK as well, I should say. Yeah. We had a nice
 sheet that went as far down as pretty much where Stonehenge is. And then it's not there anymore.
 And that's why it's the UK is slightly slanted. And that's why you get big cliffs where Dover is.
 But if you go to Markham, for instance, it's a really long, sandy beach. It's just been crushed
 down. Yeah. Right. And now it's bouncing back, right? Over millions of years it will do. Yeah.
 You can't bounce your castle on it. But I should say, this is from memory, but there's another
 thing about ice sheets you just reminded me of, which is there's a restaurant in, that was in
 Italy. And I think due to climate change, it was on a glacier. And the glaciers very, very slowly
 moving, but moving more than you thought. And they now think that the restaurant might be in
 Switzerland because it was quite near the border and it's kind of slowly moved in that direction.
 That's amazing. We should say as well, I stupidly didn't write this bit down, but one of the big
 moments in this whole story of this main fact about the last Ice Age being responsible is there
 was one person who stood up in front of the academic community and said, I think it's the
 melting ice sheets. I think that's what's done. Like it was a proper, he put it forward as the idea.
 And everyone just went, you are nuts. That's worse than the incest idea. That's like it was it.
 Hans McMuffin.
 Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show. And that is my fact. My fact this week is that
 during the reign of Charles II, women's dressing tables tended to include both face and nipple
 makeup. Wow. Okay. Yeah. So when you're making up your face, yeah, I'm no expert, but you're
 putting on foundation and you're putting on stuff on top of that. Yeah. Maybe some lipstick.
 Do they call it nipstick? Nice. How are you making up the nipple basically? Is it more for
 lipstick or a foundation? I think that's a great question. Yeah, it feels like it'd be a foundation.
 Yeah, more like a foundation. I do it as eyeliner. I do it as eyeliner, paint some little eyelashes
 around it. So you're kind of winking with your nip. So it looks like a little sunshine.
 Yeah, nice. I do lipstick. Make it a big red blob. Wow. Yeah. Why did they need it? Well,
 they needed it because this came in a period where Charles II basically lowered the cleavage line.
 He was sorry. Can King Charles do that now that he's the king? Oh, yeah. That's why he picked the
 name Charles. He's going to start where he left off. He's easing us all in gently, but he will
 gently start lowering those lines. The environment thing is just a lure us in, isn't it? And then
 he whips away our tops. Wow. Yeah, no, he was a sort of like, you know, he was, he came in,
 he was very liberal. He was the Merry Monarch, was he? Yeah, Merry Monarch. Yeah, that's his name.
 He was very libidinous, saucy, pro-theater. Just after the Cromwellian times. Exactly,
 literally anyone would have seen Merry after all the Cromwellian. Not a high bar, but he genuinely
 did seem like a bit of a goer. Yeah, and they're just grew this trend whereby if you're wearing
 corsets and your nipple happened to peek over, that was not a bad thing. And then suddenly
 everyone thought, well, let's let's lower the corset a bit. Let's get the boobs out. Let's get,
 and it was, you know, seeing an ankle was far more scandalous and titillating to a pervert,
 than seeing you didn't have to be a pervert.
 The word used to be ankylating, didn't it? Very nice. I mean, it was still very raunchy.
 We should say it wasn't like people were going around the shop, flashing a boob to get free
 loaf of bread. It was still, you know, there were paintings we have of people exposing breasts,
 but they were generally prostitutes or actresses who were meant to be a bit... In those days.
 Indeed. I have to say a good caveat. Yeah, there's a famous Nell Gwynn picture. This is why I was
 never allowed to host the Oscars the second time. She was amazing, by the way, just before we
 disappear on Nell Gwynn. I've never read about Nell Gwynn before, and she, yeah, so Charles II
 basically stipulated that when you're at the theatre and men who were in all the plays playing
 women, that should no longer be the case. It should be women now playing women. There was Margaret Hughes,
 who was the first woman to step on stage and play a woman in a play, and then Nell Gwynn,
 who became very famous, they met. She was working in... Her and Charles met. Her and Charles met,
 sorry, so basically she was working outside a theatre, which was the King's Theatre, and then
 she met this guy who was called Charles Hart, who became known as Charles the First to her.
 And then she... Not to be confused with the headless one.
 Yeah, clever. That was just what she nicknamed him. It's what she nicknamed him, too.
 Retroactively after she got together with Charles II.
 Well, because then she had a Charles II, which was Charles Saxwell. So actually Charles II
 was her Charles III. Oh, wow.
 This is a sort of bawdy, fast developing. They're all behind a different door,
 all on stage. Yeah.
 She was... What I know about Mel Gwynn is her mother was a prostitute.
 She was an orange seller, I think. That's right.
 And then became an actor/prostitute. I always think it's very pigmalion,
 isn't it, don't you think? Because you very much came from Newwood,
 didn't you? She was a sexy pigmalion.
 She was very witty. There's all these anecdotes that have made it through the years. So like the
 one time she was going in a carriage through the streets of a city and the people were furious
 because they thought that she was a different mistress. They thought that she was the Duchess
 of Portsmouth. And so they were yelling at her going, "You Catholic whore, you Catholic whore."
 And she leaned out of the carriage and she said, "Pray good people be civil. I am the Protestant whore."
 Not the Catholic.
 That's clever.
 It's really witty.
 Roll around laughing at the time.
 Yes.
 But anyway, so she was one of the people who got their waps out.
 Waps, waps.
 And we still have paintings of it from the time.
 We do. And yeah, it was a time, it was kind of like the roaring 20s, wasn't it?
 Because it was post just for international listeners. It was just after we'd had this
 like unpleasant interregnum uptight or strained.
 Following an already, following an unpleasant civil war.
 Yeah, yeah. Everyone was a bit tired of the unpleasantness. They weren't allowed to have
 fun. The Puritans were all over them. And then this period came in and everyone loosened right up
 and people got really into fashion and makeup. So women hadn't worn that much makeup.
 They'd worn very thick lead paint on their faces, often as famously Queen Elizabeth did
 and may have killed her. But other than that, didn't really wear that much until now.
 And it was the century of the massive hooped skirt.
 When you see women in these giant skirts, they couldn't fit through doors.
 That was then. And I didn't realize with the hoop skirts, people took the piss out of them
 the moment they appeared. And men kind of hated them. Men just laughed at women for wearing them.
 You couldn't see the ankles, could you? If you're a pervert.
 Yeah, they're very upset about that. But yeah, women stuck to them. And actually,
 they were, when you look at how they were made, you had much more motion in them.
 Because basically, they involved this big whale bone kind of giant umbrella sticking
 out from your waist. But underneath, you were just fully naked and free. So it used to be that
 you'd be covered in heavy petticoats all over your legs and stuff.
 You could be doing riverdance under there. No one knows.
 You could be smuggling houses under there. But they were quite sexy because if you bent over,
 you did expose a bit of ankle. Oh, right.
 If you really bent over, you could expose everything.
 Even perverts would probably think that was a bit much.
 The waistcoat was invented by Charles II. On the 14th of October, 1666, which is
 it's not amazing that we know when the idea of wearing a suit and a waistcoat on that exact date.
 Did he think of it, or did someone help him?
 You know what? I mean, he got the credit in fairness, but there will have been other people
 who did a lot of the hard yards. But there was accusations that England was being dictated
 to by France in lots of different ways. And they were saying that basically, not only that,
 everyone in court is just copying French clothes. And Charles II was not very happy about this and
 wanted to make a statement and said, okay, we're going to invent a new thing. We're going to all
 wear trousers, all wear jackets, all wear waistcoats, and they're going to be made by English wool.
 And you're not allowed to wear your French fashion anymore. You have to wear the English
 fashion. And we know about it because peeps writes about it. So it definitely did happen.
 What year was that? Sorry.
 1666, just after the fire.
 When, again, you'd think a king with his head screwed on, sorry, Charles II,
 that's probably been intense.
 He would have his mind on other matters like recovering from the plague of the fire than
 inventing the waistcoat. Political distractions.
 Peeps wrote that the king banned pinking and the waistcoats because he said that it made his
 people in his court look like magpies. Pinking is where you get some cloth and you make like
 tiny holes in it to make a pattern. It's very fashionable at the time, but the king banned it.
 It's probably bad for your insulation as well.
 Having small holes.
 All over your clothes. It probably doesn't do you, you know.
 Well, weirdly, if you wear like a string vest, that's just holes. But actually,
 it's supposed to be very warm because it traps the air.
 I mean, if it was just holes, it would be nothing, wouldn't it?
 That's emperor's new string vest, but it's mostly holes.
 It's definitely mostly holes. No, I get that. I've never worn a string vest.
 You've amazed me.
 I can't believe it.
 I can only imagine you on your Christmas holidays going down to Margate Beach with a
 handkerchief around your head.
 I go home. I climb off into the computer tower.
 I take my clothes and get my string vest on.
 Weirdly, even though women were uncovering their boobies,
 they were covering their faces at this time.
 This went in and out of fashion throughout the 1600s and 1700s, masks.
 But masks that cover your whole face.
 And they'd often have a little bead sewn into the way your mouth was.
 So the way you held them on was by keeping this...
 You bit them on.
 You bit them on, which added, apparently, an extra air of mystery because you couldn't speak.
 So you were a mute.
 You should go, "Hello."
 That was a very sexy way of speaking in those days.
 It's a little weird that they were called "vizards."
 Was it to stop the sunshine from like, as I would have seen that in modern day,
 sometimes people would wear like balaclavas, would they?
 Stops the great plague, which was probably knocking about a bit.
 Many people wearing balaclava.
 Are you sure you haven't been robbed a number of times?
 He's just trying to avoid getting burned.
 I think you see it in some countries.
 They'll wear like...
 I've seen that.
 Like colorful balaclavas.
 Yeah.
 I don't think more veils than balaclava.
 I think like, you know, like Pussy Riot War, those things.
 Oh, yeah.
 I think I've seen them.
 I might be wrong.
 Well, it was for sun protection a lot of the time and initially,
 but then it became a fashion which was unrelated to sun protection.
 And it was to have this air of virtue or high quality, high breeding.
 But would you have your boobs out at the same time?
 Oh, yeah, yeah, naked from the neck down.
 But you're unrecognizable.
 No.
 Well, no, but you might, you might do, you know,
 because most people are recognizable by their faces and not by their boobs.
 Yeah.
 And you're not going to admit to being the man who recognizes the woman
 just by her boobs, are you?
 No.
 Not when you've gone to the theatre with your wife.
 Sally over there.
 What is that story?
 I'm going to really butcher it.
 Can you tell it, Andy?
 It's really good.
 It's the...
 It's in Oxford.
 It's a men-only area in Oxford.
 It's a bit of the river, a swimming area called Parsons Pleasure, I think,
 where only male dons or maybe undergraduates would swim, but they would swim naked.
 And one day, there were three dons there and some ladies happened by.
 They were surprised and the dons were all naked.
 And two, they're all very embarrassed.
 And quickly, you know, two of the dons grabbed their, I don't know, flannel or whatever,
 and covered their genitals.
 And the third don, very calmly, doesn't cover his genitals, he covers his face.
 And they say, "What have you done that for all, Charles?"
 If it's the name of Charles.
 And he says, "Well, I'm not recognizable by my genitals."
 So, unfortunately, they all heard of being called Charles.
 Okay, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said
 over the course of this podcast, we can all be found on our social media accounts.
 I'm on @instag...
 How did you get that?
 Yeah, I grabbed that.
 Oh my god.
 I'm on HTTP.
 I'm on Instagram, on @shriberland.
 Andy.
 I'm @andrewhunterm on various...
 James.
 I'm on LinkedIn, if you want to offer me a job.
 And yeah, if you want to get to us as a group, Anna, where do they go?
 You can email podcast@qi.com, or you can tweet @nosuchthing.
 That's right.
 Or go to our website, nosuchthingasafish.com,
 because if you do, you're going to find all the previous episodes up there,
 as well as the gateway link into clubfish, which is a very fun place,
 where a lot of the listeners of our show get together, get bonus material,
 and also get to chat to each other on a thing called Discord.
 Find out about it there.
 Otherwise, just come back next week,
 and we'll be back with another episode then.
 We'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 [Music]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
