 "Hello and welcome to another episode of no such thing as a fish, a weekly podcast coming
 to you from the QI offices in Hobern.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I am sitting here with Andrew Hunter Murray, Anna Toshinsky and James Harkin, and once
 again we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts from the last
 seven days and in a particular order here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, that is Anna."
 My fact this week is that in 2010, thieves stole a strativarius worth £1.4 million, tried
 to sell it for £100 and couldn't find any buyers.
 Oh, that is tragic.
 Is it because people saw the price tag and thought if it was a really good violin, it
 would be more than that, so those must be some kind of scap.
 That's why I would think.
 Very smart.
 Maybe this is what this person thought as well.
 Interesting.
 They've priced themselves out of the market, but at the wrong end.
 Yeah.
 You know what I mean?
 Yeah, yeah.
 You're on a terrible violin, you'd think we'd be more than £100, wouldn't it?
 Yes.
 Like even your ropeiest kids file in.
 If I walked into the shop and I saw a pack of sausages was £5, I would instinctively
 think.
 No, not that.
 Do we know that they were trying to sell it to very knowledgeable violin makers, or was
 it like a porn shop, for example?
 They absolutely were not trying to do that.
 So this was a guy called John Morn, who did the theft, with a 14-year-old and 16-year-old
 accomplices.
 Oh, this is sort of Fagans gang style?
 Yeah, really nice.
 Really nice.
 This sort of gang of rap scallions went to pret near Euston, and this violin prodigy Minjin
 Kim was having a lunch, and she'd left her violin by the side of her.
 And they whipped it, as the telegraph reported, as she ate her £2.95 sandwich.
 OK.
 To the next day, the thief and his two little rap scallions went to an internet cafe in Totten
 Court Road, and they were googling the word strativarius and 1696, which is the year the
 violin was made.
 Oh, wow.
 And we know that, because the person sitting next to them was a bus driver who saw what
 they were googling.
 So they obviously knew kind of what they'd got.
 I think they'd probably freaked out, turned to this bus driver sitting next to them,
 and said, "Do you want to buy this violin for 100 quid?" And the bus driver said, "It's
 OK.
 My daughter already has a recorder."
 Incredible line, but also these thieves, I'm sorry, they've done no market research on
 the audience.
 It's just the bloke sitting next to you in the internet cafe, do you want to buy a violin?
 That's terrible, that's terrible selling.
 Everyone knows that if anyone on a bus is going to do anything in the orchestra, they'll
 be the conductor.
 Very nice.
 Very nice.
 Very nice.
 Would they try to sell it then, because they realise they're in big trouble, at least they'll
 get a tiny bit of cash out of it, or would they so bad at googling stredavariuses?
 After an hour they're like, "I think this might be worth a hundred if we're lucky."
 Also, the idea of googling 1696, along with Stradivarius, as though there's going to be
 a substantial difference between a 1699 and a 16...
 Yeah.
 ...it's a stredavarius.
 It's obviously unbelievable.
 But I think they might not have even known what Stradivarius meant.
 Yes, exactly.
 Because quite often Stradivarius is they have Stradivarius written and the year written
 on them, right?
 So they will have just googled whatever they've read.
 Fair enough, right?
 I should quickly end this by saying it was recovered three years later, and it then sold
 at auction, four 1.4 million, very sadly, she was unable to buy it back.
 The original owner, Min Kim, because she had had it underinsured, basically, so when she
 insured it, they hadn't given her enough money for it, compared to how much it was probably
 worth.
 But wait a minute, did they not just return it to her?
 No, because she had claimed on the insurance, and that means, when something is reclaimed,
 the insurance own it, if you've claimed, and so it is very sad.
 I think she wrote a whole book about the experience, because it had been her lifelong dream.
 She had been a child, violent prodigy.
 She has this thing.
 She now can...
 She can't afford one again, of course.
 I guess, on the plus side, everyone in the world's insurance premiums probably went
 down by a fraction of a penny, because the company got a load of money.
 Do you know what?
 That's a really nice way of thinking about quite a sad story.
 There's a spot, the account, and there's a lot more of that.
 Well, hopefully she's listening, and that's reassured to her.
 It's amazing, really, about her relationship with the violin, that, you know, as proper
 grief, she got clinically depressed after that couldn't get out of bed.
 It wasn't about how much it was worth at all.
 It was about her attachment.
 She was like, "This is like a relationship," when someone said to her, "Couldn't you get
 another violin?" she said, "Would you say that if my child had died?"
 But she did then say, after a few years of self-reflection, that actually, probably a good
 thing, because it was an unbalanced relationship.
 You know, she needs the violin more than the violin needs her, you know, the violins in control
 of things.
 And now she's got a slightly less expensive one, which isn't as powerful and incredible,
 but which she thinks is probably better for.
 Wait, you got another strad?
 Not a strad and a naughty, I think, which made by one of...
 Some strad various is another big old posh one.
 Yeah.
 We should say Antonio Stradavarius.
 He was a luthier.
 He was someone who mended broken instruments, stringed instruments.
 And so he lived from 1644 to 1734, so he was very old.
 And in that time, he built something like 1,100 violins, violas, and a few others.
 And we only have about 600 of them left, but they are to a connoisseur seen as the finest
 violins that were ever made, still to this day.
 But actually, people have done blind testing of violins, and it seems that generally people
 can't tell the difference.
 Yeah.
 It's really like a really modern one that you get, and strad various, and you put blindfolds
 on them, you put in a room where they can't see what they're doing, you give it them to play,
 and you say which ones the strad various, and usually they can't tell.
 So even violinists can tell?
 Right.
 Proper violinists are the ones they've tested it on.
 And then when it's not blind tested, and you hear reports of a violinist getting a chance
 to play one, they do report that it's the silkyest, most wonderful thing.
 So that's such an interesting psychological thing.
 There's a journalist called Emma John, who also happens to be a violinist, and the Ashmolian
 Museum in Oxford had a strad various there.
 And she played it, and she said every time someone would pick it up and play it, a crowd
 would gather around, and yeah, that's how she described it, just astonishing, different
 to any kind of thing.
 That one is the Messiah, right, in the Ashmolian, is that the one we're talking about?
 That's the big one that they have there now anyway.
 It's supposed to be the one that's in the best condition out of any strad various, but
 in fact, it has been modified as they all have.
 So around the 18th century, people changed what they thought violin should be like, they
 got a bit bigger, they got a slightly different body, slightly different neck, and all the
 strad various has got changed slightly.
 And the Messiah, which is in the Ashmolian, which like I say, is supposed to be the most close
 to the original.
 It's had its neck lengthened, its base bar has been replaced, its bridge has been replaced,
 its tail pieces have been replaced, its pegs have been replaced, and its sound post has
 probably been replaced, and its strings have probably been replaced.
 Is this triggers strad various?
 You know why it's called the Messiah?
 I think it was called the Messie, which it means Messiah, and I think it's because Lionel
 Messie.
 Absolutely.
 It's a current owner.
 They're normally named after people who used owned them before, so there's one called
 the X Huberman, which used to be owned by someone called Huberman.
 There's a joke behind it basically, it's a half legendary joke, whether or not it's true,
 but it is called the Messiah, and it was a person who was called Luigi Tarisio, was
 the owner of it.
 He kept it in Italy and he used to visit his friends and say, I'm going to show you
 the Messiah, and he just kept it, never brought it along.
 And so people like, do you actually own it?
 But he didn't say at the time, I'm going to show you the Messiah, right?
 Because it wasn't called the Messiah yet.
 No.
 He used to say, I'm going to show you my violin.
 I'm going to show you my violin exactly.
 They called it the Messiah, because like the Messiah, it was eagerly expected, but would
 never appear.
 Oh.
 And so that was the idea.
 I don't see.
 Yeah.
 But you can see why she was very into the idea and connected to her violin.
 I think the name has something to do with it, because these have individual names.
 The Messiah, the beach back, there's the Bennett, there's the Canadian.
 There was a golden period that he used to make them.
 And in that golden period, 1713 is one of the big years.
 And he produced two violins in that year, one called Daniel and one called Schreiber.
 What?
 No, he didn't.
 Yeah.
 And obviously he'd named retroactively, that he didn't name them himself, but you can get
 a Daniel and Schreiber.
 And he called Craig or Indiana?
 No, I looked into that.
 I could find that.
 Not for your middle names.
 No, but the only other connection to the podcast that I could find is that there is also
 a violin called Lord Boric.
 Now here.
 I believe.
 Hang on.
 Yeah.
 A number of times on our club fish shows about Big Ben, right?
 Lord Boric wrote in about the numbering on Big Ben and whether it's actual Lord from the
 House of Lords.
 Yes, he's a real Lord.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Yeah.
 And so there was a strad called Lord Boric.
 Yeah.
 And I looked into it and I'm pretty sure that his great grandfather was the owner and now the
 person named after the strad of areas.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 You should have written back to him before the show.
 See if we could borrow it.
 borrow it.
 I reckon I can get Twinkle Twinkle out of the violin.
 There was some other strad thefts over the ages.
 My favourite one is a theft of one that belonged to a guy called Roman Totenburg and this was taken
 in 1980 and I just kind of like the chutzpah of the person who took it.
 So Roman Totenburg was a good violinist.
 He was the teacher of a guy called Philip Johnson and actually Philip Johnson was a very
 talented but very troublesome, naughty and annoying student who got expelled in the end.
 Totenburg was the only person who defended him at the time.
 So a bit unfairly, Johnson turned up at one of Totenburg's shows in 1980, nicked his
 strad and people actually saw him.
 A, a lot of people said, look, there's a guy who looks a bit shifty around here.
 We think it's that guy who was really misbehaving.
 He was ranting about how he doesn't think Totenburg deserves his strad.
 We saw him walk past Totenburg's office a number of times where the strad is.
 But even given all of that circumstantial evidence when Totenburg went back and found it with
 Stolen, they weren't allowed to search his house because it's all circumstantial.
 I think even the guy who stole it, his girlfriend slash wife said, I think he stole it and they
 still didn't say it was a good evidence.
 I remember when my laptop got stolen and I could see with five my phone exactly where
 it was.
 I could see the building where it was but the police wouldn't go and get it.
 Yeah, really?
 Was your laptop worth 2.1 million dollars?
 Well, it had all of my facts on it.
 Oh, right.
 We go.
 Actually, yeah.
 It's actually a weird, you social relationship I have with my laptop.
 You know, sometimes I think I need the laptop more than the laptop needs me.
 It's a cold.
 Daniel Shriver.
 It's called Daniel Shriver.
 No, that's my password.
 But this guy was so brazen once he'd nicked it and everyone knew he'd nicked it.
 He didn't want to sell it so he ended up being so poor he had to shoplift to eat food but
 he still didn't flog it, also quite hard to flog a strut because everyone knows it's
 stolen.
 But he would turn up to his local orchestra and just play it and then people would say,
 "Oh, that's a nice filing.
 Can I have a look?"
 And he'd quickly shove it back in the box and make some excuse.
 Yeah.
 It's kind of easy.
 If I was him, I'd hide it in a machine gun case.
 I think you could get it even more trouble if I were a kid.
 And then the end of that story is that Totemburg never gets to find out where it was.
 He dies.
 The year before this guy, Johnson, died and the wife found it in all his belongings.
 So there was a one year overlap between their deaths where if someone had just gone through
 his stuff, they could have got the end of the story for Totemburg, but he dies.
 Oh, that's tragic.
 And they had a ceremony returning it to the family after it was discovered, didn't you?
 Yeah.
 It takes ages when someone's died to go through all that stuff, you know, blame the poor
 man.
 There is a theory about why they're so good.
 It's partly that Stradivari was a genius.
 Sure.
 And it's partly that they're not that good.
 Part of their rubbish.
 But in between that, there is this theory that it's due to the weather at the time, because
 Europe went through this period called the Little Ice Age, from about 1300 to about 1850.
 And the idea is Stradivari got all of his wood from a particular forest in Italy.
 And it came from particular spruce trees, and those spruce trees during this period of
 colder weather grew more slowly, and the wood is more dense.
 And as a result, those are supposedly the golden period ones, where he did turn out some
 actually quite good violins.
 And I just love the science that's gone into it, you know, the scientists did, they compared
 ring patterns in the violins to the International Tree Ring Data Bank, which is a huge like vault
 of tree records from 6,000 different places around the world, 6,000.
 And they clustered patterns, and they did a lot of clever analysis, and they found these
 master chronologies of trees across Europe, and they traced it down to this particular
 bit of this particular forest.
 That's amazing.
 And so that's one of the reasons why they...
 There's quite a few different theories as to why they're so good.
 So one idea is that the wood was treated with borax to prevent worms from eating it,
 and that's supposedly made it better. There's another idea that they made the varnish with
 volcanic ash, so that made it better.
 Really common one is the varnish itself was cochineal varnish.
 It's made out of insects, I think, cochineal.
 But this was supposed to really help the resonance of the instrument.
 And the thing is that he was the only one using cochineal, because he was making instruments
 for extremely wealthy, powerful people, and had everything at his disposal to make the
 best violins, which is why I think probably they were the best ones, because he just had
 every chance to make the best ones, because he was making them for the royal family.
 Also, there weren't that many.
 It wasn't like the violins that existed for thousands of years.
 They'd just been inventors.
 He was one of the early inventors of the violin, really.
 And basically, the violin had that century, yeah.
 It was him and then a bunch of other people whose violins are also very famous, like Guarneri,
 who had the most expensive one, and then Amati.
 But I do love, do you always feel a bit jekyll and hide when you read about these experiments
 where you think, how cool that scientists have found this?
 And given that we know it's a load of all bollocks anyway, and no one can tell the difference,
 why are people wasting their time?
 Don't we still have malaria?
 Oh!
 Do you find yourself doing that?
 It's not really.
 It's not really, yeah.
 It's sort of like that it's been done.
 Yeah, if you're not every scientist can try and cure malaria, otherwise there's going
 to be lots of other parts of the science that, sorry, we can't fix your computer because
 we're trying to...
 Him and his laptop again.
 I think it's more like people are so unwilling to believe the results of the study.
 I mean, there's poor women who did their study that showed people can't tell the difference
 in the sound.
 People laid into it, didn't they, and they said the methodology's all wrong, she went back
 and did it again better.
 Just found exactly the same thing that people aren't.
 Really?
 Still they just sell for so much and people say, what's the key to how good they sound?
 And it's obviously that you're holding a strand.
 I don't think we've ever talked about the thing in 2019 where there was a city in Italy
 called Cremona, still is, and they had a strata various that they wanted to record the sounds
 of because they were making a library of strata various sounds so that I presume in the future
 you can get it on a synthesizer and just play it like that, you know?
 It's where he's from, by the way, as well.
 Cremona?
 Yeah, he was from Cremona, strata various.
 Well, this all starts to make sense.
 They were making the strata various sound bank and they had to record this one violin in
 particular and they had to make the whole city go quiet for ages while they record the
 sound.
 They turned off five blocks right in the middle of town and in the auditorium they were in,
 they turned off the ventilation, you know, because that might make a slight noise.
 They turned off the lifts, just in case in a different bit of the building, a tiny bit
 of sourgaming.
 Ding!
 They unscrewed the light bulbs in case there was a slight electrical hum from the back.
 They just did absolutely everything to make it as quiet as it could possibly be for literally
 a hundred metres around.
 I love it.
 And then did the person complete the fuck the piece up?
 Yeah.
 Just really squeaky.
 They got a ten-year-old to play.
 You can play it on the synth side now, but there's a cough in the middle of the main night.
 I imagine someone did cough at some point.
 You know, when there's Remembrance Day silence and have you ever walked into a room not
 realising it's a two-minute silence?
 No.
 How are you doing to the cup of tea?
 I'm finished.
 I've done that to you at the airport, actually, and everyone turns around and goes, 'shh'.
 Oh, yes, you did.
 And when we were on tour, that happened.
 Yeah.
 I think it did.
 So I imagine someone did that to the strat and got a similarly ego-destroying response.
 Does anyone know why the aircon's been turned off?
 I had to come up the stairs.
 It's really dark in here, by the way.
 OK, it's time for fact number two, and that is Andy.
 My fact is, there is a testing body in America which makes sure bins are bare-proof by testing
 them on live grizzly bears.
 Makes sense?
 Yeah.
 Absolutely does.
 Yeah.
 The urgency grizzly bear committee, the IGBC.
 And just a quick shout-out to why I got this fact.
 I got it from a book called How to Keep a Plane in the Sky.
 It's by a guy called Alex Davies, and it's all about test engineering, basically.
 It's the way in which engineers make products safe.
 Things are tested to destruction and beyond to try and make sure they work in the real
 world.
 And it's such an interesting book, so big shout-out to the author Alex Davies.
 The Bear Agency Committee, this is an American thing, basically, if a bear gets into
 your bin or your food canister, when you're camping, that's a problem, you know.
 Yeah, because it makes a mess.
 Because it makes a mess.
 But it means they're more likely to go towards places where humans are, right?
 Exactly.
 So if they know they can get a pick and neck basket from the humans, then they're going
 to go towards the humans.
 Yeah.
 They might attack them.
 Exactly.
 So they test all these products which are sold as bare-resistant.
 And there's only one way to prove of its bare-resistant, which is to get it in the ring
 with a bear.
 So they have a bear on staff called Kobuk, the Destroyer, who is their MVP.
 He's really, really good at it.
 But they have a few bears they tested on, and the thing has to survive.
 I think it's one hour of bare contact time.
 Yeah, and then they get a sticker.
 And then he gets a sticker from the IGBC.
 And that sticker means that it can go in, like...
 Yeah, absolutely.
 Or in the bear.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Well, bear gets a little, like, you go to the dentist.
 Bear gets.
 You try it really hard.
 Yeah.
 I liked, I read an article about these guys, and I like it that they're all problem bears
 that they use.
 They only use problem bears.
 Right.
 It's every bear not a problem bear, because it's quite near, you know.
 These are bears who have previously gained access to unsecured foods, so they know that they're
 up for it.
 Yeah.
 And Kobuk is like their code breaker.
 This is the one who's just got into things that the bear has managed.
 And that worked just very quickly, because you've given a shout out for the book.
 That is the name of the book in America, Kobuk, the Destroyer, just for any Americans who
 want to get it, because it's coming out just now.
 And I do like, and there's a point that Alex Davies makes, which is that it's, we're so obsessed
 with inventors, and we remember the name of inventors, but what this book is trying to say
 is there's a whole other level of innovators who, once they get the product, have to refine
 and fix it, they are kind of a silent genius that we never get to see.
 Yeah.
 And we have the same on our British bins, but with the less interesting foxes, they get
 tested on foxes.
 Yes.
 Coral products who make food caddies.
 They have their own fox fondly called Felix, they say, and they also have a bunch of rodents
 that they have a name, and they try all of their bins on Felix and their rats.
 I did not know that.
 Yeah.
 Doesn't seem to work.
 Foxes seem to get into bins left right and centre.
 Yeah, exactly.
 It doesn't seem to work at all.
 My wheelie bin, they absolutely worked out to get into that.
 Half the hay.
 Yeah.
 Very clever aren't there.
 You can't outwit a fox in the end.
 And we've all read fantastic Mr. Fox.
 Yeah.
 I do keep live chickens in my wheelie bins.
 I was looking at quite a lot of bin.
 I got really sidetracked by bins.
 Oh great.
 And are the testing on bins.
 There's a company called Simple Human, which I really like actually.
 It's like environmentally friendly company that makes stuff.
 It tests its pedal bins with a massive robot called the Punisher.
 I mean, it's not that massive.
 It's like human size, but the Punisher, or can you guess what it does?
 It opens the pedal bin repeatedly and violently.
 I don't actually know if it has to be two of Ireland.
 What's the punishment part of it?
 I think it's just punishing for the bin once it has been open and closed at least 150,000 times,
 which is what it does.
 That's incredible.
 Which is the equivalent of doing 20 open shots a day for 20 years.
 Ah.
 So that's what the Punisher does.
 That's why you do open your bin quite a lot, didn't you?
 Absolutely.
 Yeah, and 20 years seems like a...
 Actually, that's quite long to have.
 But that's really long.
 I've had my bin for 12 years.
 Have you?
 Yeah, my main bin in my house.
 Oh wow.
 Sorry.
 You're just so confident about how long you've had your bin for.
 I got it when we got the house, and I knew where we got the house.
 I know, but it's your equations.
 I got married in the same year, so...
 It was just as if...
 The bin was the best man.
 Yeah.
 A big thing in the book is how you replicate real-life conditions, but you're also trying
 to do standardized experiments.
 Do you know what I mean?
 And those things are slightly intentional with each other.
 Yeah.
 So, for example, planes are tested with having chickens fired at them, even though chickens
 do not typically go into plane engines because they're mostly on the ground.
 Yeah.
 Right?
 They're easy to get hold of, and also there's not going to be a bird that's much bigger than
 a chicken.
 Well, I mean, geese are much bigger.
 That one that went down in, you know, the Salonburger, Miracle on the Hudson, that was a flock
 of geese, all of which are much bigger.
 That's true, actually, and it's not that hard to get frozen geese.
 Or an ostrich.
 And Christmas.
 Yeah, Christmas.
 Get an ostrich.
 But go and listen to Mr. Scrooge here.
 Go out and get me the biggest turkey fight, because I've got a Boeing engine here.
 When the Hudson not have happened, if it was a flock of regular soy chickens, I don't
 know, because it's, again, there was the number of them that went in.
 It was the number, and it was the size.
 So, it was, they're always trying to find out a thing where you can do the test repeatedly.
 So, chicken is perfect, because you can get four pound chickens really readily.
 But even these days, they're using artificial chicken, bird, simulant material, which is just
 the sack of gelatin.
 So again, it's like, that's not a real world thing, but it is completely standardized.
 So, I think that's really interesting, you know.
 I think I've seen that in the vegetarian section of my local test version.
 Yeah, lovely.
 That's a bird, simulant.
 Fire some tofu into the engine.
 They call it torture sometimes, don't they?
 When you're testing one of these products, again and again and again.
 And torture has been used in advertising quite a lot of the years.
 So, RCA Victor radios, they would take two different radios and do torture tests on
 them and show that there's was the one that would last for the longest.
 Timex did the same where they would sort of whack their watches with hammers and stuff and
 say, "Look, ours is the one that's survived."
 Okay.
 And there's a web, a YouTube series called Will It Blend?
 Have you ever seen that?
 Oh, it's good.
 Yeah.
 So, I have seen that.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, it's just, it's an advert basically for a blender.
 I didn't realise it was an advert actually when I've seen it in the blender.
 Yeah, yeah.
 And the idea is that the blender's so great that it can blend all these different
 things.
 And so, they get like a rock and they put it in and they go, "Will it blend?"
 And then an iPhone.
 And then what?
 I thought it was going to be an advert for the iPhone that it couldn't blend.
 No, it's not.
 It's for the...
 Right.
 Yeah, for the...
 But they could do a partnership, I guess, with the iPhone and the blender.
 But it's always going to lose.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 I like that because a lot of the stress tests are about quite large things, about plane
 wings and the turbines and all that.
 I like the really simple ones and there's an example in the book, which is the Zilgean
 symbol. And we've spoken about this symbol before. It's the symbol that every drummer uses
 on the drum kit.
 You love these so much.
 Yeah, and I bet I've pronounced the name wrong, but they have someone who up to 4,000 times
 a day takes every single symbol and just gives it three taps and they know the quality of
 what should be out there and that's when one is free to go.
 So it's just someone in a room going, "Ting, ting, ting, ting."
 OK, that's good.
 On the same symbol.
 No, no.
 Every individual symbol, up to 4,000 a day of these symbols come through and he does
 three taps on each and he says, "Yes or no?"
 He's the quality control.
 It's quality control.
 So you think that would be incredibly boring to do, would send you mad with boredom, but
 fortunately it's a drummer doing it so they don't know it's boring.
 Just a drummer joke for you there.
 There you go.
 Yeah, we're good.
 Is he testing the quality of the sound then? Like, "Oh, this sound is a bit flat."
 What the sound is he expecting?
 I know that!
 So much for a chicken in this one.
 It's like the person at the Maltese's factory who looks at every single Maltese
 that goes past to make sure that there's none that are too big or too small.
 It was bad.
 It was bad.
 I'm not.
 I can treat faster than the camera.
 Do you guys know what a tender-rometer measures?
 Oh.
 The tenderness of something?
 Yes, meat.
 Of what though?
 Meat.
 It should be meat, shouldn't it?
 Meat.
 James Blunt singles.
 Yes.
 What needs to be tender?
 Tender.
 You actually, I don't think your guest is based on that.
 Tender's, like, they're like turkey strips are called turkey tenders, aren't they?
 Oh, I didn't know that.
 I thought they were turkey twizzlers.
 I am.
 Turkey dinosaurs?
 You've all gone to meaty.
 That's how you eat it.
 Classic, isn't it?
 It's how the sensitive of the product.
 Oh, yes.
 What needs to squish?
 Something that tells you how bruised you are.
 It's actually something that you want it to be almost less tender.
 It's misnamed.
 It's peas.
 I'm going to put you out, you misery.
 OK.
 It's peas.
 This big machine, the tender-rometer, invented in 1937 and still used the
 exact same machine, or copies of it today.
 And it's to make sure, you know, exactly how much force they can withstand, because you
 don't want your peas to be too mealy.
 So actually, it should be called like the crunch on the tear or something.
 Yeah.
 It's a waste.
 Smash it.
 Yes, but what it does, I know what you're thinking.
 You can't use the peas.
 But...
 The problem is, yeah.
 You smash it.
 That's a problem with all of these things.
 Yes.
 It's like, OK, we've smashed his mobile phone 200,000 times.
 Now we'll sell it.
 That's not how it works.
 We need a better system.
 Yes.
 I think you're usually smashing one in the back, aren't you?
 And then you say, all right, the rest of the batch must be good, if that one works.
 Mobile phones are tested.
 Uh-huh.
 What is the highest that anyone has ever dropped a mobile phone and for it to survive?
 Oh, I'm going to...
 I'm sorry, James, to do this with the guessing game.
 I'm going to say from space.
 Yeah.
 Oh, wow.
 OK.
 From the International Space Station.
 I've definitely seen a video of someone filming themselves on a parachute jump, and it fell
 out, but it happened to land somewhere on, like, bales of hay or something.
 OK.
 Unfortunately, the person did not land on a bay of the hay, very sadly, to have a phone
 survive.
 It's somewhere in between space and a parachute.
 OK.
 A very high plane.
 It was from the stratosphere.
 It was from a hundred thousand feet above Sweden.
 A Sweden particularly hard surface, is there a reason they chose?
 The reason they chose it is, I think, because mobile phones are made in Sweden, but it was
 definitely near the S-Range Space Centre, which is in northern Sweden, and the main problem
 was once they dropped it, finding it.
 Yes.
 I've been truly it's got a thing in it.
 It's been a while.
 I found my phone.
 It's fine, my...
 It's fine.
 It's not what's signal up there, I think.
 How can we have found it if it was laptop?
 That's a good answer.
 But they managed to use tracking to narrow it down to about two kilometres.
 Right.
 It's still a lot to do.
 And it took the five hours searching in the wilderness to find it, and then they turned
 on and it did work.
 Oh, that's great.
 So that's what a hundred thousand feet, that's sort of three times a plane, isn't it?
 Three times a...
 Not a plane's a normal thirty-thousand feet.
 Yeah, now we're flying a thirty thousand feet.
 Yeah.
 So yeah, three times that.
 So it's basically in the stratosphere.
 Wow.
 And it had a special rhino-shield case on it, which is what helps the impact.
 What does this rhino...
 What does this rhino-shield thing?
 It's the name of the company that makes the case.
 Oh, yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
 You wouldn't have it without a case, at a hundred from a hundred thousand feet.
 You're asking for trouble, aren't you?
 Absolutely.
 So if you're over the age of 55 and you drop your phone, it was to buy of anything, because
 you always keep your phone and one of those leather cases that pop us up, don't you?
 Yeah, and also you've got a Nokia 3310 still at it, and they will actually go all the way
 from space.
 Absolutely.
 Okay, it's time for fact number three, and that is James.
 Okay, my fact this week is that Van Gogh, sometimes eight, has paint.
 Was it on the canvas?
 On the paintings where you say this is from his Hungary period, where it's just a little
 nibble missing.
 Yeah, no, it's not that.
 There is a myth that he ate yellow paint to cheer himself up.
 I have never heard this myth before, but the Van Gogh Museum debunks it on the FAQs.
 So you've got to have something to fill up the FAQs, have it used?
 And it does seem like he ate the paint, but it seems like he did it because he had a thing
 called Pika, which means you sometimes, you just feel like you have to eat something and
 it's something that's not normally eaten by humans.
 And he seems to have a craving for something called terpenes.
 And terpenes are also found in absent, which we know he drank a lot of absent.
 And we don't really know exactly why he had this cravings.
 His doctor thought that he was deliberately trying to poison himself because he was so depressed.
 We don't think it's that either.
 It just seems to have been a thing that his brain just told him that he needed this.
 And it is not common, but a not uncommon thing for people to have.
 Peekers think.
 Isn't peekers think when you're pregnant?
 Yeah.
 You get coal and stuff, you want to eat?
 Soil and coal.
 Yeah.
 And it's good for you, isn't it?
 And broccoli, sure.
 Soil and broccoli.
 Stick to spinach.
 And I think it's like, sometimes it can be good for you if it's broccoli.
 Mm-hmm.
 That's good for you.
 But there are some years' edibles, so that's where it starts being Pika, I guess.
 I guess so, yeah.
 So, do Van Gogh go to his doctor and say, "I keep eating pain, what do I do about it?"
 He did too a few doctors, actually, because he had quite a lot of problems.
 They thought he had epilepsy, but certainly he was having all sorts of health issues.
 And one of them thought it was due to turban time poisoning, another one thought it was
 due to too much sun.
 The one that he was eating his pain?
 No, that he was just having these mental disorders.
 Right.
 But did he say to the doctors, "I'm eating pain," or did the doctor say to him, "I think
 you're eating pain."
 They want to round his mouth and he had a little bit of it.
 I'm not sure exactly who said what, but certainly the doctors didn't know about it.
 Yeah, because he was old.
 I didn't know anything about Frank Arthur really, but he was quite unwell in the last
 couple of years of his life in particular.
 Yeah.
 And sometimes he was in institutions.
 I mean, he's still painting at an incredibly rapid clip.
 But when it did happen that he was discovered drinking the paint, he was restricted to pencils
 for a little while.
 Yes. And he had himself committed to an institution, I think, partly because of this.
 The health issues that he had couldn't have been due to turban time toxicity because before
 it gave him any convulsions on mental problems, he would have also had giving us redness and
 burning of the face and throat, itching and burning of the anus, and painful, urinating
 and defecating.
 So he would have noticed before the convulsions and mental problems began.
 I don't know.
 But there were some vangoff paintings and they could have been done by someone with a very
 burning anus.
 That's sort of frantic.
 That would be great.
 There you go.
 Hurling the brush around.
 That's what I get.
 I get.
 That's not that period's called the burning anus period.
 The burning anus period.
 Exactly.
 I think he's a bit of an icon for late starters in life.
 Oh, yeah.
 Because he only decided to become an artist at the age of 27.
 I think he died in his late 30s.
 Didn't he?
 I don't think he saw 40.
 Yeah, 37, I think.
 27.
 He had done so much other stuff and it hadn't really taken.
 So he'd been an art dealer and his brother, Theo, was an art dealer.
 He was a big part of his story.
 He'd been a teacher in Ramsgate.
 Yes.
 Not paid.
 So I don't know what the deal was with his employment.
 He was just not paid for it.
 But that didn't work and then he became a preacher and that didn't work.
 And eventually at the age of 27, he took his brother's advice, his brother kept saying,
 "I think you should become an artist."
 And he did?
 Yeah.
 And he was from a huge, arty family.
 Family of art dealers, wasn't he?
 His brothers, I think his dad was an art dealer maybe, but yeah.
 So the thing that struck me about Van Gogh reading up on him is that he was such a nice guy.
 Yeah.
 Like genuinely seemed like the most unbelievably gentle.
 In fact, the whole family, very gentle, very sweet in the time when you think everyone
 has to be very masculine.
 You know, you said he became a preacher.
 What he did when he went to preach, he went to a mining district of Belgium, I think,
 the preacher and was working with lots of very poverty-stricken communities.
 And he did the all-well thing of he gave away his clothes, his bed, all of his money.
 And he went and he lived as them, preaching to them.
 He tended to the sick all the time.
 He was actually fired from his preacher job ostensibly because he wasn't very good at public
 speaking and organising people.
 OK.
 But we think, because the clergy thought, this is a bit weird, this bloat's kind of making
 friends with the poor.
 And what you mean he's living too like Christ?
 Yeah.
 That was certainly his version of events.
 I don't know.
 What's quite nice is you don't often hear about who the man was.
 You often just have these bigger ideas that he cut off his ear, that, you know, he was in
 the institutes and so on.
 There's an amazing book that I'm reading at the moment by Bonadette Murphy called Van Gogh's
 ear.
 And there's a description of what he was like from his friends.
 They said he had a strange gate.
 He had distinctive, rapid footsteps.
 Due to the loss of 10 teeth in 1886, he had a slight speech impediments, both quickly,
 which combined with his Dutch accent, apparently made it for it hard to follow.
 He spoke multiple languages.
 He spoke English.
 So hence Ramsgate.
 He spoke Dutch.
 Yep, French.
 I just, you never hear that kind of side of Van Gogh, just the day-to-day stuff.
 I want to know how you met him.
 How you knew it was 10 teeth in one year?
 We've all picked up the same detail.
 I don't know.
 I don't know.
 That's not the language, is it me?
 He spoke French, did he?
 OK.
 Yeah.
 10 teeth.
 I know.
 He was weird about his name.
 Vincent Van Gogh.
 I always thought, oh, that's just his name, right?
 But he's like Da Vinci, that's of Gogh.
 Oh, Gogh.
 Yeah.
 But he signed the paintings, Vincent.
 But he signed the paintings, Vincent, because I think he wrote an ad to his brother, no one
 can say Van Gogh.
 Yeah?
 Yeah.
 So he just said, I'll just sign a Vincent.
 Well, it's true, no one can say.
 No one can say.
 He's absolutely right.
 Yeah.
 His main influence.
 I love this artistically, was his cousin.
 Did you guys find his cousin's name?
 Yes, sir.
 Anton Moe.
 I did find them.
 Yeah.
 Who was a successful artist?
 You know that Anton Moe was famous for painting in Grey and Blue Tone's, he never painted
 in Moe.
 Wait, but if you put Grey and Blue together, isn't that sort of Moe?
 Kind of dirty blue.
 Yeah, you got it.
 You got it.
 You got it.
 You got it.
 You got it.
 You got it.
 But yeah, isn't that funny?
 That's very cool.
 That's very cool.
 Yeah.
 Moe means Mallow, like Marshmallow, in French.
 That's where that comes from.
 Yeah.
 It's really interesting, because we all have this impression that totally underappreciated
 in its time.
 This post-impression, more like.
 It's good stuff.
 Because he was a post-impression.
 Yeah, no, no.
 We understood it.
 And I tried to say something.
 Thank you, Dan.
 We all have this impression that he was unappreciated in his time, and that I guess I thought,
 you know, he died in an ages later, he lots of his paintings were sold.
 But actually, first of all, he went to art school, and the students who met him, a lot
 of them said he was clearly a genius.
 You know, he worked insanely fast, he created these extraordinary canvases, as he just hated
 him, because he didn't do what they asked him to do, so they'd say paint this statue in
 the middle of the room, and he'd like paint the walls and the floor and the chairs and
 the other people.
 Legend.
 But, you know, people who remember him said, yeah, he was pretty damn good, and his whole family
 said he's a genius.
 Theo, his brother, devoted his life, and then Theo's wife devoted her life to making the
 world realize he was a genius.
 And also, it was literally straight after he died that he became famous, right?
 It was like within five years there were these big exhibitions, he was already, oh yeah,
 he's good.
 He was kind of almost famous, wasn't he?
 He was so on the car.
 He was part of a group, and he did have some exhibitions of his work before he died, and
 even ones that were shown to the president of France at the time.
 So it was, you know, I think if he'd have not died, he would have been famous within two
 or three years.
 Right.
 I think.
 Yeah.
 But dying helps an artist.
 Tommy, he sold just one, didn't he, in his lifetime, to Anna Bach.
 It was the red vineyard, and it was sold for 400 francs.
 And she was, she was the only female member of a group called Livang, which was a group
 of Belgian artists, but they were Pizarro, Monet, Goggan, all became quite famous because
 these Belgian artists really liked them and started putting on exhibitions for them.
 She was one of the first people to own a car in Belgium.
 And this was in there, well, in the 1890s, like the turn of the century, so, but more importantly,
 she would drive alone or with her female friends, like she wouldn't have a man with them
 all the time because they liked to drive around doing outdoor paintings.
 So wait, who was this?
 She was the one who bought.
 She was the woman who bought the only van Gogh in Van Gogh's life.
 Wow.
 There are a few claims that actually he sold a few more than that, but it's never, yeah,
 I think we have.
 It's more like he sold six.
 I've done thing we have like absolute evidence for any apart from this one, but yeah.
 Some of them, apparently, he would barter for more paint, which is kind of amazing, isn't
 it?
 What do you mean he'd get a wire painting for more paint?
 Well, he'd paint, and then he'd sell the paint for paint, yeah, and then he'd turn that
 paint into another painting.
 Yes.
 Actually, that is perfect.
 Oh, so he did sell that?
 We can't, if we're carrying those as sales.
 Why sort of barterism?
 Well, you would have to pay tax on that really on the paint.
 If you're bartering, you still have to pay tax on the amount you're joking.
 I'm afraid so.
 I'm in big trouble with the authorities.
 My little barter.
 Shall it home?
 Fight for.
 If you do.
 Speaking of the authorities, the FBI, they have an art crime unit, and as part of their
 art crime unit on their website, they have produced a list of the ten most wanted missing
 pieces of art that are out there, or things to do with art and culture.
 And there was a big moment where a bunch of paintings were stolen from the Van Gogh Museum,
 which is in Amsterdam, and they caught the guys, but they've never recovered the paintings.
 So those are still, it's still up there on the site, and there's ten.
 They've got their top ten list, and one of the other ten is a Stradivarius.
 Oh, yeah.
 Two of our topics today are sitting on the top ten list of the FBI's most wanted missing
 bits of art and culture.
 Yeah.
 So cool to be sitting in prison.
 I'm always jealous of those guys.
 I take that back.
 I'm not jealous of them, but it's cool to be sitting in prison thinking, "I know where
 this is, but I'm not telling you, is that what they're doing?"
 They must be, right?
 Yeah.
 And is it, "Are you thinking when I get out, I'll get it back?"
 And then...
 I'm not thinking you've got one over on these dickheads who put you in prison.
 I think these are the police authorities that I'm sorry to sound like a cop.
 This unjustified imprisonment, just for sealing the old prices, painting.
 Oh, my God.
 Well, a lot of them were stolen by Nazis.
 I don't know what you think about those, Sarah.
 Oh, look, once you're a Nazi and a Nazi, maybe a couple of years, you know?
 Yeah.
 And so basically, Van Gogh was very popular in the Jewish community in the 30s and 40s
 when he hadn't become really, really popular yet, because they were a bit less conservative
 than the non-Jewish collectors, and Van Goghs were like still...
 They were expensive, but they were still kind of affordable at that stage.
 And so a lot of the Van Goghs were in Jewish collections, and of course the Nazis basically
 stole all of those.
 And by 2021, I haven't got the current figures, but the Nazi era, Nazi era provenance internet
 portal, which goes through all of the paintings and sees if they might have been stolen.
 They list 73 Van Goghs in American museums, they say, have questionable provenance.
 No way.
 And so there's quite a lot of them on display, which might have been plundered in the war.
 Wow.
 Interesting.
 You would think that there would be records going back that far that would be able to
 nail it, but it is just a bit harder than that.
 Yeah.
 It's difficult.
 Yeah.
 Especially because you painted so many, I imagine that's part of it.
 You painted it sort of a thousand.
 Yeah, and you can't really tell what any of them are.
 Yeah.
 Because they're all just squiggles, are they?
 Oh, just squiggles.
 It's something about the squiggles.
 So the squiggles that I was referring to as Starry Night, it's the famous one, you all have
 seen parodyed everywhere.
 But scientists have looked at it and found that the squiggles that he put between the stars
 are an exact model of turbulence, like let's say you're testing an aeroplane by throwing
 a chicken into it.
 You need to see where all the wind's going, and you can see the little eddies and the
 little walls that the air makes, and the Starry Night is almost exactly what scientists would
 see if they fed that into a computer.
 But the really interesting thing is he did loads of these similar paintings, but some of
 them were done in the institution, and some of them were done when he was not having his
 mental issues.
 And the ones that were done when he was having his bad periods, they're the ones that are
 more correct.
 Wait, are we saying he could see turbulence in this guy?
 It's kind of weird.
 And I'm not saying that, but there is kind of like, if that was possible, that does seem
 to be what it's suggested.
 I like it.
 I like it.
 It's awesome.
 I like it.
 Extravision.
 No wonder he was a genius.
 Do you want a few bonuses on Van Gogh?
 Yeah, go on.
 I just want you to guess what these things are.
 Van Gogh.
 It's an app where you put in the sound of your fart, and it gives you, it turns it into
 a beautiful painting.
 That's really cool.
 Is it the type of sound that an exhaust on a van makes?
 Oh, you're all good.
 It's just a logistics company based in the UK.
 It's sadly been liquidated.
 Van Gogh.
 Van Gogh.
 Okay.
 Van Gogh.
 It's a visiting van Gogh, that doesn't really help you.
 Oh, no, but it's okay, but it's not a van there.
 I'm just going for van every time.
 Yeah, maybe it's a comedian or something, or someone who goes on stage and does lots of
 coughing.
 That fatter roll in the fatter.
 Yes.
 Le Petermaine.
 Petermaine, or whatever.
 Yes.
 So this guy can cough the national anthem.
 Or put paint in their mouth, swells it around and spit it out into a canvas.
 Oh, yes.
 The guy who could cough the national anthem had a very bad COVID, didn't he?
 The work is really dry, though.
 No, it's Don Custer's drop-in health van.
 It is a van, Dan.
 I'm sorry.
 It's called Van Gogh.
 I'm looking down it.
 If you've got a minor ailment, you can drop in.
 It's very good.
 It's very good.
 And Vincent Van Gogh.
 Obviously, a Fritz van somewhere.
 Cabab van or something.
 Oh, I thought it was someone who takes a piss out of post-impressionism.
 Lovely.
 It is a food waste recycling truck in Merzyside, and there.
 It's very loosely connected to the painter.
 Anyway, the others in the Merzyside Fleet are bin diesel, Oprah Binfrey, and the bin credible
 Hulk.
 It's good.
 I can't hold Sam a bin laden.
 I know.
 I'm much better.
 Yeah.
 Oh, that.
 OK, it's time for a final fact of the show.
 And that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that the author, Thomas Hardy, proposed to his second wife by taking
 her to the grave of his first wife, pointing at the vacant plot near it, and saying, "That's
 for you."
 Good.
 Romance.
 Romance.
 He inferred that that was a proposal, and she was sort of pro it, and then they sort of just
 got engaged off the back of it.
 They started talking as if they were engaged, and so yeah, he was not the most forward of
 men when it came to that kind of thing.
 So his first wife had died.
 His first wife had died?
 Yes.
 I mean, she was a grave.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, she was in the ground there.
 That's well inferred, Andy.
 Yes.
 I don't know if you would have got the implications of his statement, inferred and interred.
 But no, you can have a grave without being dead yet.
 Absolutely.
 What?
 You can.
 You can buy the plot, can't you?
 You can buy sure.
 I wouldn't be.
 That would have then become, shall we kill my first wife together, and then you'll get
 the next one.
 Yeah.
 And then I'll nod to you.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 It's creepy.
 It's a very creepy proposal.
 It was.
 It sounds like a murder threat.
 Yeah, yeah.
 In fact, is it possible that it was, and then he felt too awkward to say, "Oh no, you've
 misunderstood."
 And so he just said, "Okay, let's get married."
 And she assumed that was what he was asking.
 So you married her in to just soften the awkwardness life, yeah?
 Well, I got this fact from a book, which is really good, actually.
 It's called "Six Poets" by Alan Bennett.
 And it's best poem, so it's curated by him, but then also a little bit of biography in
 between each poem.
 It's a really easy read, and he's very interesting with it.
 And so she was called Florence Doug Dale.
 She became the second wife of Thomas Hardy, so it did work as a proposal.
 And I think he was a slightly, sort of, quite held back character, because in the book it
 also explains that he used to walk in the road, so that he didn't need to bump into people
 on the sidewalk.
 He just hated having contact with people.
 The people who were the help in his house, if they needed to put his jacket on, maybe back
 in the day, people would literally put your jacket on.
 They would just drop it on his shoulders, and then he would do the rest, because he wouldn't
 want any contact.
 Cool, but you're in fucking jacket off from the start, Thomas.
 I should have learned that Montessori technique that kits can do where you put it on the ground
 backwards, and you kind of shove your hands in.
 Yes, pretty cool.
 Yes.
 It's so cool.
 So do you think the reason people put it on his shoulders is because he didn't actually
 know how to do that bit?
 I reckon so.
 Yes.
 So this is about proposals.
 Proposals.
 Proposals.
 I found a place that is cool to propose, and we've just seen a lot of proposals.
 Okay.
 The London Eye.
 Okay.
 I think, within the first decade of it opening, it had about 5,000 wedding proposals.
 So that is more than one per day.
 Wow.
 How do they know?
 You can just go up, right?
 Yeah.
 But then you'll tell people as you get off, or you'll tell the staff, won't you?
 We just got engaged.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah, yeah.
 So basically, they now offer a proposal pod with three different packages.
 And I think these are so funny, because they sound so mad, right?
 Right.
 There is a musical proposal where, I'm just quoting from the website here, as the pod
 reaches the top of the arc, our musicians, hidden as tourists, begin to sing and play your
 special song.
 Oh, my God.
 And the idea is, they've smuggled their instruments onto the pod with you.
 Yeah.
 So for everyone, guys, walking very, very straight.
 Darling.
 Darling.
 That guy seems to be pulling a noble out of his ass.
 Don't look over there.
 Don't look over there.
 It's a surprise.
 Look at that.
 It was a parliament.
 Is it?
 Because I would make sure, if I were proposing someone on the land tonight, do it right before
 you're about to get off, because you obviously don't want to do it.
 No, the staff.
 No, you want to do it at the top.
 No, because then when they say, no, you have to wait for half an hour for it to come down.
 Yeah.
 I just think it's a funny place to propose, because yeah, if you're stuck, you're stuck.
 That's right.
 That's right.
 You know, if they say, no, you've got to do the whole down, going back down a bit, which
 is the worst thing that you've already seen all the going up there.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 I think you've said, yes, and then say no at the bottom.
 That would be why.
 And then this is runoff as the thing opens.
 No, but presumably that's part of the pitch is that's the opposite.
 Proposes early as possible.
 If a nose on the way, you've now stuck in the space, like usually whoever says no gets
 up and leaves the dinner table or goes, yeah, Brian, and runs off.
 You've got half an hour now with that turn around.
 What do you think?
 Turn it around.
 Turn it around, yeah.
 Oh, maybe if you say, will you marry me?
 And they say no.
 The guy pulls a trombone out of his ass and goes, what the hell, what the hell?
 David Bellamy.
 Do you remember David Bellamy?
 Uh, the pilot.
 No, not the pilot, isn't he?
 He was a naturalist.
 Oh, yes, yeah, yeah.
 Yeah, the big beard.
 And he would go around.
 Oh.
 This lovely trombone.
 Oh, no.
 He was on TV in the 80s.
 Yeah.
 And he was not natureist.
 Sorry.
 Naturalist.
 I'm thinking, where's he going to hide the trombone?
 Under the big beard.
 So naturalist.
 He was naturalist.
 And he proposed to his partner, Rosemary Fry, in the middle of a waterlogged Spagnum bog.
 Oh.
 Lucky lady.
 So according to the Oxford Dixie of National Biography, and he used to call Rosemary his
 Fagnum Widow, because he loved Moss so much.
 Fantastic.
 Why is she a widow when he's still alive for the evening when he's called?
 Some people would say like a golfing widow, because I play golf all the time.
 So it's as if I died by playing golf.
 And for him, it's as if he's died.
 He's actually going looking up Moss in Bugs.
 Yeah.
 Oh, right.
 I don't know.
 Or something with it, like a FIFA widow or whatever.
 Yeah, I think maybe I have.
 I think in the context of Spagnum Moss, even I couldn't stretch my understanding how that
 would take up all your time.
 And yet I know you.
 All these romantic proposals, very old-fashioned, obviously, if I dated this day and
 age.
 But we're even dated in the 1960s.
 I read an article in the Aberdeen Evening Express from 1961, which was all about the tradition
 of the romantic proposal and how it was over a century out of date, saying that the idea
 of proposing someone by moonlight or by candlelight over a century out of date, so they're saying
 even in 1862, this was two-old fashion.
 But I found, and I thought this was really interesting, propose means to offer to marry
 someone.
 Sure.
 But when did, so that's an old word, when did pop the question come to mean that?
 Ah, so he's going to be like 700 AD and it's in the venerable bead, or it's going to be
 2012.
 Yeah.
 What are you going to plan for?
 700 AD.
 I think 2012, outside of things.
 But I think if it did exist, it meant something very different.
 It wasn't.
 You were popping a question that was not to do in marriage.
 So I mean, it did originally mean you would pop any question, but the phrase pop the question
 used specifically just to mean, ah, someone to marry them, is older than propose.
 So it was 1722, it was first used in a magazine, and in fact, it's really interesting because
 in this reference, it's about whether a woman should propose to a man.
 So 1722 in a magazine, there's an exchange, and it says I should be glad to know your sentiments
 about whether it would be improper for the lady to pop the question first.
 That's stunning.
 So good. There would have been people in life who remembered Oliver Cromwell being in charge who were reading about popping the question. Oh, women popping the question. No less. That's crazy. And to propose without having to specify to propose marriage as in using that to mean offer of marriage is 1771. So half a century later. Right. And you used to shorten it. You'd say has he popped?
 It's a bit of a personal. Very good. We're going to wait until after the wedding would be traditional. You know, Thomas Hardy's way of doing it with his second wife to be. It might not be as bad as it sounds if you were living in a different culture.
 And who knows? Maybe he had read about this in Japan, but that is one of the ways that you would propose to someone in Japan. You would say to them, do you want to be buried with me? Words like that. I want to be buried with you maybe as a softer way of saying it.
 I read this on a Japanese website. The idea is that when a married couple's die, there's a lot of family plots in Japan. And you would often be buried with the family plot. And that was a way of saying, I want to be with you till the end of our days. And you will be buried with my family.
 Let's get buried together. It might be a bit out of date, but it definitely existed. I mean, we say till death to us part. There's just a way of saying till death do us continue not parting or something that makes forces us.
 That's really nice. It's really beautiful. I've had a lot of refusals.
 I did read just we've all been doing crepto crosswords together recently about a proposal in the Times Crossword, which was about a decade ago. And it was the crossword editor was a guy called Richard Rogan, who I actually met. He was a very nice guy.
 And he helped a guy propose to his girlfriend, Delith, right? So he put her name in the crossword as an answer.
 I mean, it's such an unusual name that I feel that even if I knew someone called Delith, and that looked like it must be the answer to the clue, I'd be like, it must be Delilah or something.
 It can't be delivered. Yeah, yeah. Pretty Welsh girl widely thought not to be all there. So it's in the middle of a widely thought. The name Delith is in there.
 I love those ones.
 And the guy drew it to her attention, because I think it had Delith and it had Will you marry me as two phrases in crossword. But the guy had to solve the crossword and then pointed out to his girlfriend as his way of proposing her response when they wrote this out was, this was a typical gesture by her new fiance, who she said was a smart ass at the best of times.
 It's not very romantic to say, hey, look, I've managed to do the crossword. Stop the stopwatch. Right, 2734. Pretty good.
 In China, you can propose to a dead person or people someone who's proposed to dead people. Okay.
 And dead people get engaged to each other.
 Well, they're both dead. Yes, well, they're both dead. This is the tradition of ghost marriage, which has been going on since at least the third century.
 We've got evidence to the third century. And it's when the family members of a dead person, find someone of the opposite sex also dead to marry them for various reasons.
 Or sometimes you'll marry a dead person to an alive person. And so the reasons are.
 That happens in France for sure. We have told about it in France.
 But you need like permission off the president or something through it in France. And that again, that's a legal thing. If your husband dies and you weren't married, that means you get none of the money.
 But then the president says you should have got a marriage and you get some of the money or something.
 So it's slightly different in China. And this isn't all over the China. This is just in a lot of parts of China.
 Culturally, if a woman dies and she's single, then no one looks after her in the afterlife because it's your husband's descendants who look after you.
 So you're like, oh, my God, there's no one to care if you we can't wear your family. So we'll have to find you a dead man to marry.
 And then you'd go and propose to this dead man's family and say, can your dead son marry our dead daughter? Because otherwise there's no one to look after her.
 Okay, Bridget Jones five should be afterlife based.
 Yeah, I like that. Yeah, like that's cool. Okay.
 It's still running so like, you know, it's died. It's a way of getting Colin Firth back into the series because he died. He's Darcy.
 Yes, so they meet in the afterlife. They don't know each other. But it's like, oh, our families have just set us up.
 We have to spend eternity together now.
 This is a film. I'm sorry, but it is. That's good.
 Or the other one is actually if a man has died, then Bridget Jones is delirious. Sorry, you're still brainstorming on with your minute.
 Bridget Jones is delirious. It's good. It's good. It was worth it, actually.
 Sorry, sorry to come across this. What about Bridget Jones's die?
 That's his died.
 Is it that someone's going to go back into it, go into the underworld to get her out to bring her back?
 No, no, no, no. No, no, no. No, no, no. She's better if she just stays. She's staying. She's staying.
 You can actually marry a dead person if you're alive. So this also could be another sequel.
 Because if a man's died and he's got no descendants and his family need descendants, they can marry him to a live woman, then that means his family can adopt children of this marriage.
 I suppose if you guys are going to go out there, I think they should have stopped Bridget Jones at the first one.
 I don't think we're helping the world to make some new ones. What? No way, mate. Someone hasn't seen Bridget Jones's baby.
 Okay, that's it. That is all of our facts. Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we've said over the course of this podcast, we can all be found online.
 I'm @Streiberland on Instagram. Andy Andrew Hunter. James. I've noticed these things. James Harkin.
 And if you want to get to us as a group, Anna, where should they add? Instagram @newsupthing or email podcast at qi.com.
 Yeah. Podcast at qi.com. That's the most important address of all because if you have something to say to us, if you've got a extra fact that you want to add to what we've just said, well, we'll go through the inbox and he picks out the best bits of those and he brings it to drop us a line.
 That is a bonus show that we do and you can only access that if you're a part of Clubfish, which is our secret members club, go to patreon.com/clubfish.
 There's multiple tiers of stuff that you can get there. Do check it out or if you're emailing because you have a great fact that you want us to read out, send it to us and Andy will pick those out for us to read on little fish, which is our bonus Monday show.
 We put down our facts. We read yours. We love it. So please do send them in. Otherwise check out our website for any upcoming live gigs or just come back here next week because we're going to be back with another episode and we'll see you then goodbye.
 [Music]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
