 [music]
 Hello and welcome to another episode of Little Fish.
 My name is James Harkin, I am joined by Daniel Schreiber.
 Hello, Andrew Hunter Murray, and we are here with a whole load of your facts.
 You've been sending them in to podcast@QI.com and he has whittled them down to the
 very, very best.
 We're going to choose the ones to read out and then we're going to chat about them.
 Then we'll do some more stuff at the end.
 Then we'll all go home.
 You guys are probably already at home.
 Never mind.
 Let's go.
 He's got a fact.
 I've got one.
 Go for it.
 All right.
 This one comes in from Furgle Finley and Furgle says, "My fact is that sliced bread was invented
 on the 7th of July, 1928, whereas National Treasure David Attenborough was born on the 8th
 of May 1926.
 Therefore sliced bread is, in fact, the best thing since David Attenborough."
 And we're off the blocks.
 So that's a very small window of David Attenborough being the best thing.
 Yeah.
 And he was only a baby at the time, actually.
 And really achieved too much at that point.
 At that point.
 That's all.
 Yeah.
 He probably crawled around sort of pointing at his pet tortoise.
 He will.
 Just a nice fact about sliced bread and David Attenborough being about the same age.
 Yeah.
 I think it's always surprising how new sliced bread is.
 Yeah.
 And the famous fact is that it was advertised as the best thing since it's wrapped bread.
 Yes.
 That's so good.
 And the idea being that you would slice your own bread, obviously.
 But wrap bread was good because it would keep it fresh.
 And it would take softer.
 And it would say softer.
 You wouldn't want to have sliced bread before that because it would just go stale really
 quickly.
 So once wrap bread came in, then you could start slicing it.
 There was no point having it before then.
 And thankfully, no one has ever sliced David Attenborough.
 At time of recording.
 That's recording.
 Very nice.
 I've got one here from David Byrne.
 Now I'm hoping this is David Byrne leasing her the talking heads.
 Maybe.
 I mean, he would listen to something like this to be fair.
 Yeah.
 He's a real nerd.
 Is he?
 Oh, he's wonderful.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 But other David, who this might be, I'm sure you're all some too.
 So David's had been talking.
 It's been saying.
 He says, my fact is for the original predator film, the studio had to hire a bodyguard to follow
 sunny land around to protect other people from sunny as he'd been getting into too many fights
 on the set.
 Oh, who does he play?
 Is he like one of the, he's one of the main judges.
 Yeah.
 He's one of the main guys.
 So you've got Arnold Schwarzenegger.
 You've got Jesse Jackson.
 Well, he didn't play the predator.
 No, he didn't.
 Jesse Jackson.
 Sorry, guys.
 No, he's here.
 Yeah, he had Jesse Jackson.
 Wow.
 MLK has a cameo, doesn't he?
 He does.
 And playing the role of predator in the suit, Mother Teresa, so it's a real, it's a real
 hell of a cast.
 No, Jesse Ventura is who I meant to say.
 Okay.
 What's interesting is that this guy, Sonny, he actually ran for governor in Kentucky and
 had he got that, he would have been the third cast member who made it into politics as
 a governor in America.
 Oh, because Schwarzenegger did and Jesse Ventura did as well.
 Yeah.
 So he didn't, he didn't make it, unfortunately.
 And he was just very fighting and aggressive.
 He was very aggressive and he was a big guy and he was totally fine on the set.
 It turned out it wasn't needed, but the studio for insurance purposes thought we'd better
 protect this guy from killing everyone else in set.
 What's interesting as well is someone famous was meant to be the predator.
 So if you don't know this movie, it was like an 80s action film, Arnold Schwarzenegger and
 there was this monster, it looks a bit like alien, but it's kind of mostly invisible.
 Yeah.
 Yes.
 It was always a bit of a problem for the film that the baddie is mostly not.
 But then he kind of comes visible sometimes.
 Yeah.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 He can tell it on and off.
 And they use, I think, infrared to see him.
 The body, or is that how he saw that?
 No, he sees that, because they get in the mud and they get really cold and he can't
 see them anymore.
 That's right.
 It's right at the ending.
 That's when Arnie's the only one left.
 Yeah.
 Right.
 So the original person, though, who was inside the predator suit, that you do get to see
 at some point, was John Claude Van Damne.
 No.
 Yeah.
 Was it?
 Yeah.
 And he got fired from the set.
 And there's a lot of reasons that that might have happened.
 Well, he had an argument on set with Rosa Parks, I believe, who was picking one of the other
 Marines.
 Yeah.
 Get to the bus.
 That's from that film.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 What a fool.
 Yeah.
 One of the reasons was that he kept doing kickboxing in the suit and they were like, it's
 too much.
 Oh, right.
 It's like Tinky Winky getting fired from Telly Telly.
 That's very funny.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 Very good.
 Here is a fact from Michael Bartmeier.
 And I'm going to actually take his fact and then give you a different wording of it.
 Okay.
 Or maybe a question, actually.
 So how old do you think is the oldest ever immortal jellyfish?
 Oh, I'll say 121 years.
 Okay.
 Big bang.
 Right from the go.
 Right.
 From the origin.
 I came out of the explosion of the universe.
 Oh, part of it.
 Wow.
 What is this?
 Right.
 I'm glad you didn't go the other way of trying to spoil the game, because you would have
 won it.
 So, Michael writes that the problem with immortal jellyfish is they won't stop dying.
 And he read this in from Maria Pierre Miglietta, who's an associate professor of marine biology
 at Texas A and M. And the thing is that theoretically immortal jellyfish can live forever.
 They become adults.
 And then when they get in a bit of danger, they become children again.
 And then they go adult child, adult child, they can theoretically do it forever.
 But in laboratory conditions, it's almost impossible to keep them alive.
 And the reason is you've got to have exactly the right amount of flow of water.
 They're really small and delicate.
 If you put too much water in, they just fall apart.
 And if you don't put enough in, they kind of sink down to the bottom and fall apart.
 And the longest ever that anyone's maintained, a colony of them, was a guy called Shin Kubota
 at Kyoto University.
 And they managed to keep the colony alive for about two years.
 But that was lots of different ones.
 And I don't think that anyone's ever been able to keep an immortal jellyfish alive for
 more than about a month.
 So, that's amazing.
 That's very funny.
 Because I think we wondered when we covered them on QI all those years ago, why are we not
 waiting through them?
 If they are a genuinely immortal, why are the oceans not just teeming with you?
 Yes.
 Well, it turns out that just, if you just look at them, they explode.
 That's brilliant.
 That's brilliant, that's something of that.
 What, they are immortal in theory.
 Okay, I'm theory.
 They're called them theoretically immortal jellyfish.
 Yeah.
 That's cool, isn't it?
 Yeah, yeah.
 That's brilliant.
 Just one more thing about them.
 There's a candidate in the Singaporean elections called Terriptopsis Dorniai, T-O-N-Ming.
 And the first two words of that name is the Latin for a immortal jellyfish.
 Basically, he's always in every election, but he loses in every election.
 You know a bit like Count Benfay, someone who's called Terriptopsis Dorni.
 And so he's changed his first name to the immortal jellyfish Latin name because he's
 a perennial candidate.
 Very nice.
 But always completely falls apart.
 That's lovely.
 That's brilliant.
 I have a nautical oceanic sea life-based one as well, actually.
 Yes, please.
 This comes in from Trevor Lambert.
 And it's that great Yarmouth in Norfolk for international listeners.
 Those are both places in the UK.
 It's by the sea.
 It's by the sea.
 And it's a place where you might go and retire once the city life is too much for you.
 Yeah, charming coastal place.
 And they have three river crossings, right?
 That's not the fact.
 The river yard goes through there.
 The river yard.
 Great Yarmouth.
 It's at the mouth of the yard, right?
 Oh, Yarmouth.
 Great.
 Yeah, my mouth is telling you that they have a bridge.
 Which they have a third one.
 It just opened up in 2024.
 So this is pretty new, exciting stuff because it's avoided a lot of trouble.
 I used to have to go right around the houses and now it's made a life a lot easier for
 a lot of people.
 There's new bridge.
 And Norfolk County Council ran a vote for the name and it was either going to be the
 Queen's Gate or the Britannia Bridge or the Yar Bridge or the Herring Bridge, right?
 Herring Bridge 1.
 Now, that's because Great Yarmouth was a great town for the Herring industry.
 Really important.
 You know, the women who worked in the fishing industry, they were vital to it.
 They were the Herring girls.
 Herring girls.
 It was one of the most important fishing ports in the whole UK.
 It was a really important town for that.
 Anyway, unfortunately, most of the votes saying this should be called the Herring Bridge arrived
 after comedian Richard Herring told all his followers name a bridge after me.
 And then most of the votes came in after that point.
 So even though they set up the vote saying this bridge is named after the Herring industry,
 we know that the reason this bridge is called the Herring Bridge didn't win in the
 end.
 Then the reason it's called that is because of Richard Herring.
 So you're going to get him to write the forward to your book?
 Yes.
 That's amazing.
 That's amazing.
 He's an example of the thing.
 You know an example.
 Yeah, that's pretty spooky.
 Yeah.
 That's cool.
 So anyway, there you go.
 And it cost 120 million quid and it's named after Richard Herring probably.
 That's quite something.
 That is cool.
 Yeah.
 There you go.
 Okay, still unnautical.
 Should we stay in the ocean?
 Yeah.
 It's known, writes, knowing how fond you all are about the weird animal organ called the
 cloaca.
 So you might enjoy this article published in the New York Times and she's given a small
 excerpt here, which says, "When danger calls, some animals bear their teeth.
 Others take to the sky or curl into protective bulls.
 But the remora, a fish that often hitches a ride on a larger marine animal like a sea
 turtle or whale, sometimes follows a less dignified strategy.
 It disappears inside a man to raise rear end."
 And this is a new discovery.
 The remora does what is known as cloacal diving.
 And according to a scientist who looked into this called Catherine McDonald, it does not
 look like the man to ray likes it.
 When you climb off a man to, but you say it's just banter, that's remora.
 Yeah, nice.
 It's very good.
 It's not bad.
 Well, bad.
 It's not bad.
 No.
 It's not.
 It's bad.
 I didn't say it was.
 My face just looked bad.
 Yeah.
 So, yeah, this is a new discovery, but the remora, pretty fascinating animal, it's used
 for fishing as well.
 The remora.
 Is it?
 Yeah, it's a really interesting process because you would attach the remora to your fishing line,
 you lower it down, it sucks onto the animal below and then you bring it back up.
 Wow.
 So it's a sort of reusable bit of bait because you can then take it off and put it back
 in.
 That's incredible.
 The bait sort of eats the fish in a way.
 Yeah, or just holds onto enough of it.
 So like a turtle, for example, if you're looking to get turtles, you might put a couple of
 remoras.
 You might put a few of them.
 No.
 That's what this is.
 Because it's all the way to the turtle.
 Yeah.
 Give it over.
 Give over.
 I've never heard such cobblers.
 Well, it's, it's, it's cited in a book from 1787.
 Oh, wow.
 Oh, yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 It's 300-year-old knowledge that can't be wrong, can it?
 Okay.
 Speaking of fishing, I have a fact here from Mark Fisher and Mark Fisher has given me a fact.
 I say given me because I think this is one, especially for me, Mark says that it takes six
 containers to get a hundred thousand, hundreds and thousands.
 And Mark attaches the calculations, which I won't subject you all to.
 But for Americans, these are sprinkles that you put on like fairy cakes and stuff.
 And Mark has taken a load of them, put them on some scales, weighed how much they each
 weigh, and then worked out how many you get in each container, and then worked out how
 many you get, how many you would need in order to get a hundred thousand.
 And the answer is six.
 And looking at the working out, I absolutely believe him.
 Oh, really?
 Really?
 So nice when a fact is not her kid.
 It's surprising.
 No, feel very happy with this.
 I think the maths is all good.
 Right.
 But fancy a game.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 I think Americans call hundreds and thousands sprinkles.
 We call them hundreds and thousands.
 Yeah.
 I've looked at what they're called in lots of other languages.
 And I want you to tell me whether the following is the translation of a word for hundreds of
 thousands in another language, or an item you can buy on Gwyneth Paltrow's website goop.com.
 Okay.
 So we have Smile Bakers, someone's bagging away next to someone's been on goop.com already.
 I'm going to say hundreds and thousands of smile makers.
 Well, I'll go for goop then.
 Dan is correct.
 Doop.com.
 Next one that star bullets, hundreds and thousands.
 It's goop.
 Yes.
 Mouse droppings.
 And he's all going to be from goop.com.
 Are you going to go on a sex Thai website and buy some mouse droppings?
 Goop.com.
 Final answer.
 Hundreds and thousands then.
 It is.
 They're called Amazinstrontias in Belgian Dutch.
 That's brilliant.
 And I messaged Leven to ask if that was true.
 And he said 100%.
 They're called Mouse Shit, really.
 That's what they call them.
 Love pells.
 Oh.
 Goop.
 Goop.
 Goop.
 It is the German word, deepest spelling for hundreds and thousands.
 So how?
 And finally, Viva Lava.
 Hundreds and hundreds and hundreds and thousands.
 That was on my son's fifth, though, I think.
 Could you believe she's got a sex Thai called Viva Lava?
 Well, her husband is just Chris Martin, former husband.
 Yeah.
 He had an album that was called Viva La Vida.
 Yeah.
 Oh, that's very clever.
 That is good.
 I think that's fun.
 I wasn't keeping scars.
 I don't think anyone cares.
 I would just say they're not called hundreds of thousands.
 Hundreds and thousands.
 That's what I'm saying.
 They're not called hundreds of thousands.
 They're not claiming there are hundreds of thousands in every one.
 I mean, if they were being really accurate, they'd call it 16,000 roughly.
 I know what you mean.
 But I suppose if you call them hundreds and thousands, then the word hundreds becomes
 a little bit obsolete.
 Because having a thousand implies that there's at least a hundred.
 That's true.
 It's a bad name.
 Love pearls is much better.
 Here's one from Sarah Logan.
 This is about something that uses water.
 So it's very interesting.
 They sort of group themselves, the fact that we've had a load of naval fish-based ones
 in the same week.
 And they just sort of bunch together.
 Do you think it's that odd, do you think you're just shoe-haunting into that category?
 Can't be that.
 Can't be that.
 Can't be that.
 Let's go to Sarah's Facts.
 Sarah Logan writes.
 She listened to a very old episode recently where we were excited to learn about the song
 played at the end of a Samsung wash cycle, Deforella by Schubert.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 And that does it.
 It's about some kind of fish, isn't it?
 I think it is.
 It's the trout.
 Oh, is it?
 I think it might be right.
 I think it did one called the trout.
 Yeah.
 Well, the bizarre thing is there are many models of Fischer and Paykel top-loading washing
 machines that with the right prompting will play you the New Zealand National Anthem.
 What?
 Isn't that good?
 Yeah.
 It's just an Easter egg.
 They've got a couple of national anthems loaded in.
 Right.
 But if you get the right buttons on your right washing machine, it'll play you go on New
 Zealand or whatever the National Anthem's called.
 Go on New Zealand.
 I don't know it.
 I don't know.
 Do they have the mold, do you know?
 I know. I think it's just go on New Zealand.
 Docksland, Docksland, Doberallis.
 That's the one.
 That's the one you've got, Coss.
 Have we established that you're quite into Hitler at the moment in previous episode?
 I don't think I'm into Hitler, I wouldn't say.
 No.
 But I'm a second mobile history buff.
 Yeah.
 I'll go that far.
 Dan's got all the stuff in his shed.
 Yeah.
 Nice try, buddy.
 Nice try.
 One more fact before we go on to custodianship.
 Yeah.
 I've got one here from Sebastian Bro, who says, "My favorite fact is that the heat released
 in the Mani Kuhagen Impact Crater was so intense that it took between 1,605,000 years before
 the melted rocks cooled."
 Yeah, that's insane.
 Is that the dinosaur one in Mexico?
 It was.
 Oh, I thought that was called chit-chula.
 That's the big one.
 That's the big one.
 But this was during the time of the dinosaurs.
 Oh, OK.
 It was near the end of the Triassic period.
 It was an asteroid that was 5 kilometers wide, and it hit what is now Canada today.
 And it kind of create, you can see it from out of space, and it's kind of one of those shots
 that a lot of astronauts on the ISS like to get a shot of, because there's a visible ring
 of water.
 It's the annular lake.
 Yes.
 I do know this one.
 Yeah, yeah.
 The eye of Quebec.
 And the island.
 It's an island, because the land raised as well.
 And then I think the human's diverts is some water there.
 OK.
 And then when you look up and is, you've got an island with a lake around it, and the area
 of the island is larger than the area of the lake that it's in.
 I don't like it.
 I don't like it.
 What do you mean?
 What do you mean?
 If you take your cup that's on that round cup, the area of the bottom of the cup is bigger
 than the area that you can see of the coaster.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Nice.
 Isn't that cool?
 I think I'm almost certain it's that one.
 I have Quebec.
 It's so metal, it's so cool.
 And this was a fact that Sebastian sent it.
 I give it a thousand years if I were you.
 By the way, I think it was because it wasn't the asteroid itself, the rocks from that that
 was hot.
 I think it's what it exposed underneath and it sort of melted back and created that.
 But yeah, this fact, Sebastian found it from this guy's website.
 He's called crater explorer.
 And it's a fascinating website, a highly recommend if you're interested in this kind of stuff
 to go because it's quite old school.
 So it's one of those sites where this guy's just put everything on there.
 He's a crater creator.
 Curator creator.
 Curator.
 Curator of creators.
 Content.
 Crater.
 Doesn't quite work.
 No.
 Crater curator.
 Works like a charm.
 Yeah.
 We'll go with that.
 What does he go with?
 Crater explorer.
 Yeah.
 He probably tried all these other ones and they didn't quite work.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 Okay.
 Well, thank you very much for that fact, Dan.
 Thank you for all your facts, Andy.
 But actually, thank you most of all to the people at home who sent the facts in and we are
 going to thank you back by giving you some of our old facts in the form of our curator ship.
 If you would like one of these facts, then all you have to do is go to patreon.com/clubfish
 join at the top level which is friend of the podcast and we will give you your own fact.
 Okay.
 Which of you guys is going to give us the first curator ship today?
 I'll dish one out to Randall Cleaver and it's that every second a star in the universe
 explodes.
 I think it'd be tired by now.
 Very good.
 Yeah.
 No, it's a different star.
 It's a different star every time.
 Do you know, Beetlejuice is going to explode soon?
 I didn't know that.
 I didn't expect.
 What does that mean for us?
 It might be a good light show in the sky.
 Wow.
 But when we say it's going to explode soon, does that mean that the light will reach us in
 kind of 400 years?
 Well, we don't know if it's exploded 500 years ago because the light hasn't reached us
 yet.
 But certainly it's well over due and it's doing some funky stuff like sending off different
 colours and stuff that we think that it might go soon.
 And when it does, it will be worldwide news because it's one of the most obvious stars
 in the sky.
 Yeah.
 It'll be a supernova.
 But it might have happened 400 years ago, but we don't know.
 That's exciting.
 Do they think possibly within our lifetime?
 It could happen tomorrow.
 Oh my goodness.
 I could happen.
 Before this show goes out, it could have happened, or probably after we've all long gone.
 Wow.
 It will be a bright sky.
 It'll be very noticeable.
 You might be able to see it in daytime.
 Oh, that's cool.
 That is very cool.
 That is cool.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 That's great fact.
 That is an amazing fact.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Let's give another one out.
 James, why don't you do this one?
 Okay.
 This next one is under the curatorship of Fiona Maguire Jennings.
 That isn't hard at all.
 I don't know why you didn't want to read that out.
 The fact is that the Tlatel Camilla cannibals of ancient Mexico ate the human flesh with chili
 sauce.
 Really nice.
 Right.
 Really nice.
 Wow.
 It's supposed to taste like pork, isn't it?
 Human flesh.
 Is it no?
 Long pig.
 Oh, I've had long pig.
 Yeah.
 at some point on his troubles. You've tried all this so much creative stuff. Can I just say, as I
 edited, the Jamie Martin podcast, early in this week, and just for the record, I have not
 eaten a dog's penis. You might have, have you ever been to a Gregg's? No, I've never been to a Gregg's.
 Oh, then you may have avoided it altogether. They do vegan dogs penis. In fact, I cut it from
 the main show. So, if you're watching this, I don't remember it. It's in the Excel version which
 you'll only get if you're a member of the middle tier of Clubfish. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 I have eaten bulls' testicles, which is what you were half remembering. Was it Andy?
 No, I think it was Anna who said that. Maybe the penis was from a Labrador.
 Wow, she went for a specific breed. What a false memory to have of James. You're just happy to put
 out on a podcast. James is eating Labrador Dick. Labrador Dick. Labrador.
 Was it Labrador? Labrador's Doodle. I think that's how she introduces me to her friends.
 She's like, "Oh, my friend, James is coming around." Oh, yeah. Oh, you'll remember him. It's the one
 who I... Oh, dear. Oh, my God. All right, let's do another one. There's nothing wrong with Gregg's.
 All right, let's do another one. Don, do you want to... Yeah, this is Emma Wood. You are now the
 custodian of dogs aren't allowed within a two-hour radius and changes place. Dogs aren't allowed
 at Selwyn College Cambridge, so the master's bassit hound has been reclassified as a very large cat.
 Lovely. That's really good. Lovely. And was this one also with Byron's bear maybe?
 Oh, the same college. Oh, Cambridge was the same. Yeah, I don't know what college he went to, but
 he wasn't Cambridge. Yeah, but I don't think he was at Selwyn. But similarly, he wasn't allowed
 some animal, but he was allowed a bear, is that right? That's something like it. This, that's the story.
 I've never known how true it is, and I've never wanted to check. You know, it's one of those two
 good to check ones, if you know what I mean. Well, what point can you keep a bear in theory until it
 turns on you? Have you ever watched Gentle Ben? No, what's that? It's a TV show, maybe? Or a movie?
 No, it's a TV show, I think, from America about a family that has a bear, but he's very gentle,
 hence the name. It doesn't turn on them. Well, season seven is called vicious.
 That stage thinks do go a bit of rye. Yeah, yeah. No, it doesn't turn on them.
 Should we have another one? Yes, please. This one goes out to Janus Vermack. Janus, your
 fact is, according to the diary of the first chief of MI6, this is how the first day went. Quotes
 went to the office, saw no one, nor was there anything to do there. They're good. They're spies,
 aren't they? Yeah. That soon as he left, they all hide behind the plug pots going,
 that should be it. He should walk into an empty office every day, and if he spots anyone,
 they're fired. Yeah, brilliant. You know, good at your job, buddy. This was, this, I love
 this coming. It was coming. It was coming. It was coming. It was coming. And this was a book that,
 when I first started QI, I bought this book, just called C, which was all about him. And I,
 it was the most enjoyable thing of just finding all these incredible facts about this one here,
 something we'd love doing on fish all the time. He used to have a wooden leg and go around on
 a scooter. And I think he was busted when he went into Germany once, trying to pretend to be a
 soldier, but didn't speak a word of German. Yes, that was it. And was busted immediately when they
 said hello to them. You think you'd at least learn hello? You'd think you'd have that. Yeah. I mean,
 it's hello. That's not. Okay, here is one more. This one is going out to Connie Ball. And Connie,
 your fact is that there is a distillery in Kentucky that claims playing Bruce Springsteen to the Whiskey
 improves the aging process. Very nice. Very nice. That happens a lot now. You hear a lot of these
 studies where rock and roll is used or I remember they played metal to sperms for the IVF process.
 Wow. Yeah. There was also in Japan. I think it was called rising Beethoven bread, something like
 that where you would play Beethoven to the bread. And yeah, wait, why don't they call it Beethoven?
 Why do I have to do all the work around here? Oh, this is not the name of a bread company in Japan.
 Well, I can't do it, but just do you know what I mean? What about Beethoven? Beethoven. Very. That's
 better. Beethoven. There's a lot to do here. Who thought this name would give so much to the world of
 bread in ovens? It's just ridiculous, isn't it? You know, we're out here every day creating value
 that's not being picked up. If these people were still trading because I'm sure they're not and
 they heard this, do you think they think we should we need to change our names? Biggest forehead
 slap of all time. Yeah. Do you think I'm just saying maybe if you had the brains of these guys,
 we would still be operating, honey. Rising Beethoven bread. What a dumb name. Baked oven. Perfect.
 Let's have another. This one goes out to Rupert Davis. Rupert doesn't actually have Patreon,
 but he's 10. Okay. It has been arranged on his behalf. Uh, and you enjoyed all the dog Peter. Sorry. Sorry,
 Rupert. Sorry, Rupert's parents. Sorry, everyone. He's listening. Absolutely. Yeah. Um, but Rupert,
 your fact now and forever, um, is that there is a statue of Nicola Tesla in Silicon Valley,
 which radiates free Wi-Fi. Yeah. I'm sure it's still there. And, um, this is just a great fact about
 Nicola Tesla, the mad, the mad scientist, the original mad scientist, almost. Yeah. Yeah. Very,
 very, very good. A lot of pigeons. A lot of pigeons. A venture of death rays and a pair of Wi-Fi.
 The man who invented the 20th century is he's sometimes known. Congratulations, Rupert. We've got
 another one here. This is going out to Jason Kidd. That's Jason Kidd, the basketball player.
 Hi. Probably. No. A third of people in Britain have written almost nothing by hand in the last six months.
 Wow. This fact went out in 2017. Do we reckon there's been a great renaissance in handwriting since then?
 I suppose not. I think it might be more people who have written very little by hand in the last six
 months since since then. Okay. Uh, one more I think for today. And that fact is now under the
 custodianship of Tom Viat and Tom. Your fact is that the first man to swim the English channel later
 had a show where he floated in a tank for two hours. Wonderful. Um, Matthew Webb. Yeah, Captain Webb.
 Captain Webb. Oh, is it David Blaine? I can't remember. Did he drown?
 Captain Webb. I feel like Captain Webb eventually drowned doing something. Did he?
 I'm not really sure about that. The first thing that came into my head was the first person who
 went over the Niagara for our first man maybe who went over Niagara Falls in a barrel dyed after
 slipping on an orange peel. Yes. That's full leech. But Captain Webb, I don't know whether he died or not.
 I know that he basically just went on doing swimming tricks for quite a while.
 And obviously you can't sell tickets to people to see you swimming long distances because
 because they need to be able to follow you, right? So, um, you have to do like lots of acrobatics
 and stuff, I think. I just checked. I'm afraid he did drown. Did he? Over Niagara Falls.
 Well, hey, that's probably why the Niagara Falls thing came into my head. Yes. And I'm just going to
 say it's Bobby Leech, not Archibald Leech. Archibald Leech was Kerry Grant. That was his real name.
 You know what, all these facts are in my head, but they just all mix up in different ways.
 I love that as a show. You can't bring the English channel to the stage, but you can bring a little
 tank of water and show what you look like in the water. It's amazing. Yeah. Yeah. Amazing innovation.
 And I can confirm that audiences like to see someone struggling and treading water for an extended
 period of time because I sometimes do the intros and outros for this show. And
 and it might be time for another one of those now. So thank you so much to Tom Jason Rupert,
 Connie, Janus, Emma, Fiona and Randall. Thank you so much for becoming custodians of facts and for
 supporting nosy things of fish on Patreon. If you would like to do so too, go to patreon.com/clubfish
 and you can become a friend of the podcast there. Or if you would like us to read out some of your facts,
 send them to podcast.qi.com and Andy will save all the best ones for himself and send all the
 other ones to the rest of us busted. And then we will greet them out on little fish. Thank you
 again for listening. Thank you, Andy and Dan for being here. Thank you, James. Thank you.
 About time someone likes me. Goodbye.
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
