 (upbeat music)
 Hello, you lovely club fish member on Patreon.
 Here is your announcement for the big news
 of changes happening to no such thing as a fish.
 Well, first of all, the main thing to say to you guys
 is that if you want to stay exactly where you are,
 then nothing changes.
 Well, very slightly changes.
 We are gonna move the bonus content to Wednesdays
 instead of Tuesdays.
 That's just to make our workflow a little bit easier.
 But every other week you will still get your episode
 of "Droppers Align" and in fact, "Droppers Align"
 will now become fortnightly.
 We won't be doing any of the little bits and pieces
 instead, this is a "Droppers Align" zone.
 If you would like to get involved with any other tiers,
 so that is plenty more fish,
 which includes video "Droppers Align"
 and full, more or less unedited episodes of fish
 then go to our "Plency More Fish" tier.
 And if you would like to be a friend of the podcast,
 then the top tier is for you.
 You will become custodian of a fact.
 You will be able to come to our three monthly Zoom quizzes
 and you will also get into the archive
 where we put basically the Museum of Fish.
 So lots of other places you can go.
 There's merch there as well.
 So go and explore if you want to.
 But if not, then please stay here, "Droppers Align"
 and your every episodes of fish will stay exactly
 as they were.
 Okay, on with the podcast.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (speaking in foreign language)
 (upbeat music)
 Hello and welcome to another episode
 of "No Such Thing As A Fish" a weekly podcast.
 This week coming to you live
 from the London Podcast Festival.
 (audience cheering)
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I am sitting here with Andrew Hunter Murray,
 James Harkin, and Jamie Morton.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days
 and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, and that is Jamie.
 Iconic Fespian, "Bear Bome" had a walk on part
 in every single production at the "Geal Good Theater"
 in London's West End for 20 years.
 And, fittingly, had a front page obituary
 in the stage newspaper.
 He was also a cat.
 (audience laughing)
 I know, I mean, what a hack, I'm sorry.
 That is a Fespian cat, that is.
 Yeah.
 For people listening on the podcast next week,
 or whenever it goes out, can you describe
 the cat who was Jamie?
 We've got a tabby cat, he's male,
 and he's lounging on stage at the "Geal Good."
 Looking very happy with his beautifully lit,
 it's black and white, it's very,
 it's also like a headshot, but it's a full body.
 (audience laughing)
 Yeah.
 Shays long kind of look.
 That little, is that a photo of a tail?
 He's like saying, "Paint me like one of your French cats."
 It's giving that energy to them.
 Oh, yeah, yeah, that's the way it is.
 Same opulence as well around it in terms of the architecture.
 Yeah, I mean, I love this cat.
 So, I'm not gonna lie.
 I fall in love with him this week.
 I've never heard of him before, but now I love him.
 So, when you say walk on roll in all the plays,
 was that official?
 Was he written into?
 No.
 No.
 So, he was the resident, is it like Mouser?
 Is that the name?
 Yeah, Mouser name, that they caught the mice.
 And he just would randomly walk on stage during productions,
 which being a theatre director, I find chilling,
 'cause you work so hard to kind of make a show good,
 then some fucking cats just like wandering in front of everyone.
 And what did the actors think of it?
 Well, the actors loved this cat, almost uniformly.
 I think there wasn't a single actor who didn't love beer bone,
 'cause he is, as I said, a total hag.
 I mean, look at him, but yeah, he was loved.
 And people got very attached to him.
 So much so that he had this obituary
 on the front page of the stage newspaper.
 And people like Penelope Keith wrote obituries for him,
 like loads of actors kind of got involved.
 The stage, I hadn't heard of the stage,
 is that like the main main thing that you can get on it?
 The Bible, Dan, honestly.
 I love that.
 No, I had actually heard of it.
 I was just being them for a second, yeah.
 Then they've heard of it too.
 Oh, so it is just being staged.
 It's a great news paper, yeah.
 No, it is, it's a great news paper.
 It's behind a play wall, but it's great.
 Okay, a lot of people did love beer bone,
 but beer bone would arrive on stage at moments
 that weren't necessarily good for a scene, you know?
 There was one play that was on, which was called
 the House of Bernard Alba, which had a lot of sand
 all over the stage, which beer bone was the ultimate pooing ground.
 It was, so that was not good, right?
 Well, it was not good for who, we loved it.
 It adds realism to the play.
 Oh, yeah.
 That's where it's set.
 If it's set in the pitiless desert of the Sahara,
 it actually, I would say, kills the mood a bit,
 to have a house cat, though enough.
 Some people think it's good luck for a cat to be on stage
 and in America, at least, there was a superstition
 that if a black cat came into the theatre,
 that was really good luck.
 And if it came on the first night,
 that was really, really good luck,
 and the whole show was going to be amazing.
 Right.
 And so the fifth avenue theatre in New York
 used to keep a black cat backstage,
 and then on the first show of every run,
 that they would throw it out there,
 so that it was on stage, and that was good luck.
 Oh, yeah.
 And the reason you said, "Master" is second to go, Jamie.
 The reason that cats used to be very, very important in theatre
 is because back in the day, food being thrown on stage
 to show your all-pleasure in a play was a massive thing.
 So at the end of every night, food was just everywhere,
 all over the stage, which brought in the mice,
 and mice were a huge, huge problem.
 So theatres would have sometimes up to 20 cats
 roaming around catching mice if they had problems.
 But a lot of those cats will lie on their CVs, you know.
 You've put on here, you also do birds.
 Is that true?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Yeah, because actually Bearbone was on the payroll, I read.
 He was officially listed on the Gilgood payroll,
 which, as a former accountant, I think,
 brings up a whole host of problems.
 Like, who pays the national insurance on that?
 Yeah, I wonder who his agent was.
 I don't know, someone bloody good.
 Yeah, 15% of a cat.
 And apparently, he would disappear from time to time,
 according to Dame Hilda Brackett.
 He would dash off to see a particular friend
 at the Lyric Theatre.
 His girlfriend?
 Yeah, she said, "We used to hear lots of meows.
 "This was so ho after all."
 [LAUGHTER]
 I love it.
 Do you think all of-- most West Emphaters have cats, as you said.
 Yeah.
 They're all mates.
 Do they just, like, all meet up at--
 Like, that's a cute, that's a great show, though.
 That's a charity book.
 You should have seen the performance of this.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Well, lots of them are dead of cats, don't they?
 So the Noel Coward Theatre had two cats.
 They imagined a difficult girl cat and boy cat.
 And I think boy cat only ever distinguished himself
 once when he ate Princess Margaret's bouquet.
 Is that a euphemism?
 No, it's not.
 It's a bloody good one, isn't it?
 Yeah, apparently, he also escaped offstage
 during a performance of a musical five-guys named Mo.
 And he would go under the stage,
 and he would only come out when someone tap danced over him.
 Right.
 [LAUGHTER]
 There was a cat called Ambrose at the Theatre Royal
 Jury Lane, which I think you performed her.
 Oh, yeah.
 We have, yeah.
 And this cat got into a beef with Michael Crawford.
 He kept upstaging Michael Crawford.
 And Michael Crawford had no sense of humor about this.
 It's Michael Crawford.
 It's Michael Crawford, the original--
 Phantom.
 Yes.
 But was he also Frank Spencer?
 Yeah, Frank Spencer.
 I'm a T. That guy.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 A varied career.
 I think we'll agree.
 I was going to say, yeah, like--
 But then instead of Michael Crawford,
 I was like kicking off about this cat.
 But every single person in the theatre took the cat's side.
 What does that say?
 Wow.
 Yeah, I read about one that was at the Sadler's Wells.
 It was called Sadler, the Cat.
 And Sadler in 1956 just suddenly disappeared.
 But unlike the other cats who would come on unprompted,
 Sadler actually had a role in a play.
 Oh, no.
 So in the stage, magazine, they had an advert
 to audition for a new cat for the show.
 And I found the advert.
 It said, owing to the dramatic disappearance
 of Sadler, official theatre cat at the Wells,
 the important feline role in the forthcoming production
 of School of Fathers, falls vacant.
 Auditions will be held.
 Applicants must be fully grown and capable
 of maintaining dignity and poise atop a 10-foot high wall.
 Despite the distractions of a full operatic orchestra
 and audience laughter and applause,
 the chosen artist will receive full her service,
 one sardine and two complimentary tickets per performance.
 Wow.
 And did you see who got the part?
 It was a cat called Keats.
 And according to the Daily Telegraphy Beat-Off,
 a tough competition from cats called Fantasia, Nimbus, Klott,
 and Mr. Woodbury Bentley.
 And they had two auditions.
 In the second audition, he jumped off the wall
 that he was sitting on and then walked over to the bar
 and started knocking down bottles.
 And they decided this was a perfect cat for the theatre.
 This is exactly what the old actors would do.
 So happy.
 Yeah.
 So good.
 How can you cast a cat in a play?
 They just-- they famously don't play--
 Bull.
 They play with Bulls, but you know what I mean?
 Yeah, and they're hard to direct, I would imagine.
 Yeah, dogs, I think, do get a look in sometimes on the West End.
 I was trying to find other animals
 that have been in West End productions.
 Yeah.
 So there was a Guardian report in 2001
 that there was a production of The Taming of the True,
 which had an entire cast of chickens.
 And I cannot find out whether it was like a whole flock
 of chickens and a human cast or whether it
 was an entire cast of chickens.
 But when they all fired, I think, they were sacked.
 Yes, apparently for being too hysterical.
 Again, I don't know what the--
 It's hysterical.
 It's a kick.
 I can't imagine how hysterical they
 got when they were told they were fired.
 That's the big on the room.
 Guys, we're going to have to let you go.
 By the way, beer bomb, the cat.
 Do we know-- do you guys know why it's called beer bomb?
 There was a famous actor called beer
 but I don't know what they're going to do.
 Yeah, he was a theatre manager.
 He was an actor as well.
 His name was Sir Herbert Beerbomb Tree.
 And he founded Radar, the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts.
 Yeah.
 And he's a pretty amazing character.
 He released a few records.
 He did hamlets to be or not to be on vinyl.
 That's pretty cool.
 I'm just really sin his own stuff.
 And also, randomly, in the play Cats,
 there is a reference which is said to Gus from Geliorum.
 Is that the name of the cat in it?
 The line is he's acted with Oving.
 He's acted with Tree.
 Cats, I'm so glad we're on Cats.
 So thing one, when you think about it,
 cats is an antagravive cast.
 OK.
 And?
 Why does it make you think, doesn't it?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 It's also an antagram of acts.
 Oh, my God.
 I was so pleased with myself cast.
 And they got to stack but without the cage.
 Nah.
 And they thought, oh, that's brilliant.
 Is that it?
 That was the fact.
 That was the fact.
 He messaged us saying, I've got some amazing stuff on Cats
 that I need to say on stage.
 I spent six hours reading about the musical cats
 because you had a cat's back, and that was it.
 Well, I just wanted to introduce yours.
 Yeah, go on, go on.
 OK, well, I have quite a good one about Cats, the musical.
 Do you?
 OK.
 For its broadway run, they used over 49,000 condoms.
 Oh, sorry.
 Yeah.
 Can we guess?
 Why?
 Densch.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Densch.
 Sadly, Densch ruptured her Achilles,
 so couldn't perform in Cats.
 Although she was originally Cats.
 She was meant to be.
 She was originally Cats.
 In Cats.
 In Cats.
 Yeah, why do you think they used so many condoms?
 To stop things from getting wet is my first thought.
 Well, what sort of thing?
 You smuggle drugs for the cars.
 [LAUGHTER]
 No, you were on the right lines, James.
 Yeah, to protect something.
 Is it?
 OK.
 Oh, is it for-- so a lot of preppers will use condoms
 to store water because a condom, like a water balloon,
 you can hold gallons of water.
 Absolutely not.
 All right, no, I'm sorry.
 If you ever go to Dan's for dinner,
 he offers still sparkling or gracing of spurnicide.
 [LAUGHTER]
 It's all right, Andy.
 Cats have claws, don't they?
 Yes.
 It's to protect the claws in transit.
 And they had $49,000.
 Well, real Cats have claws.
 This is the show with people.
 Yeah.
 All right, put us out of my way.
 It was-- you were right, James.
 It was to protect their microphone packs,
 because they were sweating so much, because it's a Dan show, right?
 They're dancing so much that they would put their mic packs
 in condoms, if you'd--
 $49,000.
 Yeah.
 After each show, they were just like tip loads of condoms
 in the bin outside of this.
 Oh, it's a sweet show.
 While we're on Andrew Lloyd Webber,
 there's another cat connection, which
 is the fact that Phantom of the Opera now
 has a sequel.
 Many, many years ago, Lloyd Webber was working on that sequel.
 And he was rising it with Frederick Forsyth, the author.
 The author, Jackal?
 Yeah, exactly.
 So they were writing it.
 He'd written all the music.
 And he had it on his electric piano.
 And then one day, he sat down to write a new song.
 And his kitten, called Otto, stepped on the keyboard
 and erased the entire score.
 And so we never got it.
 The main thing about Cat Charlie is the movie,
 the amazing movie that came out a few years ago.
 Oh, yeah.
 And it was really the start of the pandemic, I think.
 It was right at the start of the pandemic, wasn't it?
 It was a bad moment.
 I think we're claiming it caused the pandemic.
 I don't know.
 No, but it made it seem a lot longer.
 You knew something bad was in the air when cats came out.
 And the big thing about that is the CGI bum holes
 that all the cats had.
 Wow.
 What's that?
 Well, is it true or not?
 Because that is urban myth.
 Is it true?
 It's urban myth.
 So someone tweeted a guy called Jack Waz.
 I think-- I mean, that sounds like an honest man, doesn't it?
 Jack Waz.
 I think it's James.
 You go to such impeccable lengths to source all of your facts.
 James goes deep into newspaper archives from 200 years ago.
 But he will also sometimes throw in like @JackWaz as a source.
 @JackWaz is the New York Times of our day.
 He said that a VFX producer, friend of a friend,
 was hired to get rid of the bum holes, right?
 But then the Daily Beast Online magazine
 found a VFX person, and they said it was true.
 And they were definitely someone who worked on the show.
 And they said what had happened was actually
 the way the visual effects worked
 is they had a very special way of the fur being made.
 And the fur would go in little holes.
 Like your hair does.
 You know you have walls in your hair.
 And so they had them on all the cats.
 And it just so happened that if you got them any of them
 from a certain angle, it looked like they had female genitalia
 or an anus.
 And they had to imply one person who, basically, it
 was their job to go through looking for the bum holes
 and then get rid of them.
 Right, that's insane.
 That's such a high-pressure job as well.
 You've got to catch every single one, you know?
 It's true.
 Yeah, yeah.
 But Pokemon, yeah.
 I love it.
 They could catch all of the bum holes,
 but not Judith Ench is Wedding Ring, which
 is on throughout the fucking process.
 Oh, is it?
 As like an old cat.
 So you got all of the rings, but one, and yeah.
 Exactly.
 So it's time for fact number two.
 And that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that, at one of the oldest bath houses,
 in Japan, visitors have the option
 of soaking in hot water, cold water, electric water,
 or condom water.
 We need to call them and suggest that.
 No, the final one, there are many others,
 but the other one is radioactive water.
 Ooh, yeah.
 People also drink this water.
 So it turns out, I thought this was going
 to be unique to this one place in Japan,
 which is a radium onsen.
 And onsen is a word that means bath houses in Japan
 that use hot spring water, and they take natural source water.
 And they use that.
 There's something like 25,000 hot spring sources in Japan
 that they use.
 They're everywhere.
 Yeah, and 3,000 onsen establishments all over Japan.
 So it's a real big thing there.
 And so like the electric water that you would sit in,
 that actually sends mild electric currents through the water
 as you're sitting in it.
 And people describe it as like being tickled by lightning
 as you're trying to relax.
 So you're just how relaxing?
 Yeah, well, yeah.
 Well, they see these baths not as necessarily
 completely relaxing.
 It's all about rejuvenation, it's all about health and so on.
 And so radioactive water, radium water, is a thing.
 It's not bad for you, is it?
 The quantities are really, really small.
 The quantities are less than you would get
 if you were on a flight, for example.
 But that's flight.
 You know, we get hit by radioactive flares from space
 as you're on a flight.
 So James, quick, jump in with the top.
 There is radiation that comes from space.
 And if the closer you are to it, the less space.
 Space.
 Space.
 Not Katy Perry, but it means you.
 [LAUGHTER]
 There's less of the atmosphere to block it out
 when your fervor up is the basics.
 But if you're on a plane all the time, it'll be bad for you.
 Like a air hostess or a pilot, for example.
 And it's bad for you, it's bad for you.
 What are you talking about?
 They said that it's safest way to travel.
 No.
 But if you live in Cornwall, there's radiation there, too.
 Like, you know what I'm saying?
 But here's some kind of lead box at the end of this.
 So there is radiation in Cornwall.
 Cornwall has more background radiation than anywhere else.
 But we all have a little bit.
 And a normal person would get two to three millisieverts
 of radiation in a year.
 But there's a place called Ramsar in a ran
 that has the highest radiation anywhere in the world.
 It's because they have hot springs and radiation
 underground and it comes up.
 And they get 260 millisieverts per year,
 which is more than 100 times what a normal person would get.
 But actually, the cancer incidence there
 is lower than any of their neighbors.
 Right.
 And what people think is the people who live there,
 they have a higher proportion of what's called T-cells.
 Remembering COVID, they said T-cells.
 It's like, helped your immune system.
 But it turns out that people there have
 got higher proportion of T-cells.
 And it's the thing called Hormesis, which
 is the idea that very small low doses of something
 that would otherwise be harmful can actually make you stronger.
 And it is really--
 I mean, I'm not saying everyone should go out now
 and get as much radiation as possible.
 But it is genuinely exciting.
 You have a great time.
 That's amazing.
 Yeah.
 That really is amazing.
 It's very cool.
 So as I was saying a second ago, these are massive in Japan.
 And I was trying to find more information
 about this very specific one in Osaka.
 And the best place I could find out about it
 was a website called tatufriendlyonson.com.
 And this is so interesting, because in Japan,
 when you go to an onsen, largely it's separated.
 So men will go into one place.
 One will go to another.
 You have to be naked.
 You've got to be completely naked.
 And the problem is in Japan, if you have tattoos,
 you're not allowed to go and show your tattoos in these places
 because of the yakusa.
 So a lot of foreigners arrive trying to go--
 --trying to go to the ganksters.
 Yeah, the mafia, basically.
 Yeah, who are tattooed, typically.
 Yeah, exactly.
 And so if you arrive and you've got like--
 Eternity, I love cherry, whatever on your face.
 It's so revealing knowing what you would have gone for there.
 I didn't want to talk about my actual tattoos.
 OK, I will.
 So thug life across your tummy, they won't let you in,
 because of the yakusa thing.
 So this website basically lists all of the onsen's
 that you can go to, and that will allow you in.
 Do you think the pork broth onsen would be one of those tattoo
 friendly ones?
 I think it might be, yeah, this is amazing.
 This is--
 There's a place.
 Well, it's the pork broth hot tub.
 It's the unison spa.
 And they have a massive ramen bath, basically.
 And it's just slightly porky hot water.
 It sounds amazing.
 It's the noodles in there.
 Well, they dangle above you a huge sculpture
 that looks like a pair of chopsticks holding noodles.
 So it looks like you're about to--
 What?
 It's like you're a soft boiled egg.
 It's like you're a--
 It's like you're--
 And if you've seen my physique, that I
 am like a soft boiled egg, basically.
 But they've got a green tea bath.
 They've got a sake bath, which is very slightly sake.
 It's not obviously not all sake,
 because that'd be hugely expensive.
 They've got a coffee bath, which does not look appetizing.
 Yeah.
 It looks really good.
 It's safe if you have the runs, isn't it?
 Oh, yes.
 Oh, yeah.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah, that sounds-- I'd love to go there.
 It does look cool.
 Sounds awesome.
 I have been to Anonsan a few, in fact, in Japan.
 Really?
 There's a thing in Japan called Hadakano sukiai,
 which means naked camaraderie.
 And the idea is everyone gets naked.
 You're all together in a big sort of jacuzzi with no bubbles.
 And it means you're all emotionally together, open, honest.
 That's the idea behind it.
 And I must admit, I went in, ran in, had a bath, came out,
 and went back to my room as quickly as I could.
 Oh, right.
 You didn't have any--
 Not very communal for you then.
 I don't speak Japanese.
 But there are other ways of communicating, then.
 Yeah, but they could share ads at the best of times
 is difficult.
 I'm just a hawker's back to the last fact.
 You know that Andrew Lloyd Webber has a 30-person hot tub.
 That's disgusting.
 Does he?
 So it's a 30-person hot tub, meaning everyone
 gets a slot on the outer wall.
 What's the alternative?
 That it could--
 Bus format, where it is like six by four.
 Like, what's the--
 Yeah, what?
 There's an aisle down the middle.
 Tickets, please.
 Chicken of fish?
 Nuts?
 No, we don't have any.
 I can just concede, yours.
 No, I don't-- yeah, I don't know what--
 yeah, I don't know.
 I think it must be that everyone gets a bit of wall.
 Otherwise, you're just popping about in the middle,
 feeling like a lemon, yeah.
 I hate that bit, yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
 Popping.
 There is a spa in the southern island of Tremaccushu,
 and it opened up, I think, in 2017.
 They'd announced it with big fanfare the year before.
 They said, this is going to be--
 Actually, it wasn't a spa.
 It was a spa-themed amusement park.
 And they released some images of basically a rollercoaster
 that's full of bath rollercoaster.
 OK.
 And in a little bath, and that's your--
 Yeah, you know you get in the carriage, and it's a bath.
 And you're in a spa.
 That sounds fun.
 They were not sure at the time if it could be done.
 If it was beyond the can of humanity, but they did it.
 So you're in a compartment that is a jacuzzi, basically?
 I think they didn't quite correct the full rollercoaster bath.
 How do you-- yeah.
 Because that would have been very heavy, obviously.
 It would spill a lot.
 It would spill a lot.
 It's like an opposite log flume.
 The water's in.
 If you're really unlucky, you'll be dry at the end of it.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 All the people waiting on the side, yeah.
 Yeah, that's very interesting.
 There's another one, which I wonder if that's there as well,
 where you have an option of arriving,
 and they bury you up to your neck and sand.
 And it's quite hot sand so that you can get whatever,
 you know, holistic therapy.
 So have you ever done any sort of odd pampering things
 like this?
 That you're willing to admit, too?
 I was quite intrigued by the beer baths that you can do.
 You know, in Europe, in the Czech Republic,
 there's a lot-- they're quite popular now.
 You're just like bathing, like, hoppy water,
 a bit like your ramen.
 I wonder if you'd be interested in this thing in Japan.
 It's the Nightingale Fese's Facial.
 Now, it's not what it sounds like.
 It's Fese's from the Japanese Busch Wabler, which
 is not a true nightingale.
 Oh, thank god.
 In Japanese, it's brilliantly called Uguisu No Fun.
 Right.
 And apparently-- anyone around you, because you stink of shit.
 Apparently, Victoria Beckham is a proponent of it.
 Oh, no.
 Wow.
 OK.
 That's extreme pampering things.
 I read about the crying therapy rooms,
 which seems really nice.
 The whole idea is to make you a sad as you could possibly be.
 So you go in and you sit down and there's just sad movies
 playing on the screen, and someone sits next to you,
 just going to ask really sad, isn't it?
 And then they hand you tissues as you're crying.
 Just me.
 OK.
 Give that one some else.
 Oh, my god.
 Oh, that sounds nice.
 So we've got-- have a good cry.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Yeah, I'd buy that.
 Just going back to Onsen, so these baths,
 would you eat an Onsen Tamago, which
 is a traditional Japanese egg, which is cooked in a Onsen?
 You put your egg in a rope net.
 You put it in the Onsen, and the water's about 70 degrees,
 and you leave it in for 30 to 40 minutes.
 And then it's done.
 Question?
 Yeah.
 Because there are two ways of cooking eggs in water.
 Shell on and shell off.
 So are we poaching this, bad boy, are we?
 No, this is, I believe it's shell on, I think.
 Oh, that's fine.
 Shell on, wow, there you go.
 The audience has spoken shell on.
 People in it, it can be in a bath.
 It's not just a water bath, like a battery.
 It's an actual Onsen.
 And also, the eggs have a unique silky custard texture.
 I bet they do.
 Yeah.
 I would eat that.
 I'm sorry.
 Can I just ask the person, was it a lady in the audience?
 She said, Shell on, have you had one of these?
 They're really good.
 They're really good.
 There you go.
 You can't, you know, like a poached egg.
 There's that like bit of white that never gets cooked.
 And it's someone's like flamed on your plate.
 Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Looks like a dementor in the water as it's boiling.
 I've never seen a poached egg that hasn't got it.
 Why do we put order this?
 It's foul.
 Oh, I love a poached egg.
 You do?
 Yeah, okay.
 But they're just like, if it's in its wrapper,
 I don't mind where it's been.
 It's wrapped.
 I'd have a, I'd have a, if there was a banana, a banana in at the same time,
 pop that in the net, I don't mind.
 Yeah.
 Because it's been up her, up her chicken's bum, hasn't it, right?
 Right, let's not get fussy, you know.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I wish I had wrapped it up, I'll be honest.
 Let's go.
 But I just want the other weird spot thing.
 There was that bullseam and hair treatment, right?
 Okay.
 Did you hear it read about this in Chelsea?
 No.
 In Chelsea?
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 It was a hair mask, basically.
 In 2008, 2009.
 Hair mask?
 Yeah.
 It was this place called Harry's Salon in Chelsea.
 It offered a 45-minute Aberdeen organic hair treatment, which was Aberdeen Angus,
 like good quality.
 Bull comes.
 Stuff.
 Which women would like, I don't know, I guess, would pay like a lot of money to have,
 like, lathered over their hair, and would just like sit with it for 45 minutes.
 And apparently, it was amazing.
 Really?
 And it made the hair silky and smooth, and--
 But I have made head-in shoulders too in one shampoo and conditioner, and that makes my hair silky and smooth.
 Andy, are there levels of silkeness and smoothness that I've not matched yet?
 You haven't lived.
 I can imagine one of these women from Chelsea going into the countryside afterwards,
 and walking through a field, and all the female cows are like, do you smell something?
 Yeah.
 Well, it's funny to say that, because the people that ran this Salon,
 told the Metro a new, sorry, these pervert fraudsters, yeah, it's gone.
 These quacks said to the Metro that the semen is refrigerated before use, and doesn't smell.
 I mean, it is come, but it's not, you know--
 It's not going to stay refrigerated.
 That's the problem.
 The body heat is going to cause that to warm up.
 Yeah, but it's 45 minutes a bit.
 You were going to eat an egg from a bunch of people, like, what do you mean?
 Like, don't get all--
 We do need to move on to our next factory.
 No!
 Oh, yeah.
 But we ran him.
 I've got the dreams of engineering stuff about how the Fukushima
 reacted dealt with its water after the terrible incident there.
 But I'll save it.
 You save it.
 It's fascinating.
 They built an underground wall with ice.
 Oh, he's going for it.
 He's moving on.
 OK, we do need to move on.
 So it is time for fact number three, and that is--
 Oh, it's Andy.
 So--
 After the terrible incident at Fukushima,
 the engineers, they're pulled off a miracle, a miracle,
 of preventing the radioactive.
 So they've got, imagine, a 1.5-kilometer radius circle.
 Oh, 30 meters underground filled with frozen brine.
 Get off your phone.
 Come on.
 How's your phone?
 I'll try to start against shock of its two seconds.
 OK, anyway.
 Sorry.
 My fact is, the first named man who sent a letter
 bomb only invented it to get back at people
 who had rejected all his other ideas for inventions.
 So this is very funny.
 I love this guy.
 He's a very interesting historical figure.
 His name was Martin Eckenberg, and I was on the website
 of the Clapham Society, which is a great website all about Clapham,
 which is a part of South London, where I used to live.
 And he was a Swedish scientist, Martin Eckenberg, born in 1870.
 He was kind of a gifted inventor in some ways.
 His ideas were decent, but the other problem that he had,
 personally, was that he was a liar.
 He was a cheat.
 He claimed qualifications he didn't have.
 He'd been kicked out of Sweden's Royal Institute of Technology
 specifically for cheating.
 He was a badden.
 He was a badden.
 He was a badden.
 Fucking legend.
 So free thinker.
 A free thinker.
 Outside the box kind of guy.
 But still, this didn't hold him back that much,
 because he moved to one of the nicest houses in Clapham.
 It was this really beautiful mansion he moved to.
 That's not the point of the fact.
 It's been replaced by flats now, so you can't go and visit it.
 But if you were, that's weird.
 And you should be on a terror list.
 And then in 1905, if you thought, right,
 I'm going to get revenge on everyone who's turned down
 my ideas along the way, who turned me down for finance.
 I am going to get back at you.
 And he's so basically created, started
 making his own letter bombs.
 And there were packages sent through the post
 to harm people before.
 But I think he's the first named sort of--
 I thought I think it was a bit unfair.
 So like the first person that he really sent it to was a guy
 called London, who ran this company.
 It was like an engineering company.
 And Eckenberg had invented something
 that could turn fish oil into engine oil.
 And he thought it was going to make his millions.
 But it failed.
 And so he thought, well, I'm going to get this guy London.
 But the reason it failed is because the oil still
 smelled a fish.
 So like if people put it in their cars,
 the car smelled a fish.
 Right.
 So it's supposed to be that Harry isn't get that sent removed,
 but the pool's semen.
 Well, no, and ships that was going to be used on ships,
 which have fish, obviously.
 That's true.
 Hence the phrase, fish and ships.
 But yeah, that--
 [LAUGHTER]
 And then this guy, London, opens the packet.
 And it said, I read an article in the newspaper that
 said, it rumbles and shook like thunder.
 The director felt as if he had been hit by lightning
 or tickled by lightning.
 And intense flame burst out the box
 and burned his hands, arms, chest, and face terribly.
 And his clothes went on fire.
 And the next day he got a postcard saying,
 a former employee has decided that you're ripe for the picking.
 Yes.
 What's interesting is that it's not
 as if he sent it from the post in the UK, which
 would be more traceable.
 He went by boat back to Sweden.
 He assembled it there, sent it there,
 and then went back home.
 So he really covered up his tracks.
 But then he still set a postcard with his writing
 identifiable on it to the person he'd just--
 Yeah.
 I mean, he was caught for various quite stupid things
 like that.
 Yeah.
 Can I just rescind that I thought he was good?
 No, no.
 There's another thing as well, James,
 see if you still think he's good.
 When he was arrested, he claimed innocent.
 And then according to the New York Times,
 he lost his reason and was taken to an asylum.
 He died two months later after his arrest
 of what they said was apoplexy.
 But the head of the Swedish detective service
 said that if he'd been sent back to Sweden,
 he would have also been tried for murdering his two wives.
 Oh.
 Right.
 Yeah, no, yeah.
 How you feeling?
 Sorry about that.
 Let's get a live reaction from Jamie Morden sitting
 right here.
 Sounds fine.
 Yeah.
 Not too shabby.
 So apparently, what appears to have happened
 is he poisoned his first two wives,
 and then he bribed the prison guards
 to get him the same poison, which he then took himself.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Unique thinker.
 And interestingly, today, if you go to the police museum
 in Stockholm, there's a giant wax work,
 like a replica human-sized wax replica of him standing there.
 And not only that, they have a bunch of things
 that were to do with the case.
 So one of the bombings, which was sent to the Swedish
 export society, was opened up by a man called John Hammer.
 And John Hammer's thumb was blown off
 as part of opening the scene.
 And if you go to the police museum in Stockholm,
 you can see the wax work of Morden Eckenberg.
 And then you can see the actual thumb of John Hammer.
 Thumbs up or thumbs down.
 It's the--
 Yeah, he wasn't happy.
 It's a definite thumbs down for me.
 It's, yeah.
 So it's very, very grim guy.
 But he was an innovator of sorts.
 And as I say, people had been sending devices
 designed to hurt other people through the post for ages.
 So the very first one was a thing called the bound box plot.
 People were very worried about the weak party
 in the, I think, 18th century.
 And supposedly, that party were involved in some attempts
 to assassinate people.
 Get this.
 The very first ever thing sent through the post designed
 to harm someone, this bound box plot,
 was a box full of, I think, the three pistols.
 When you open it, they all go off.
 At you.
 Wow, I know.
 And it was--
 Oh, my God.
 This is the story that it was thwarted by Jonathan Swift,
 the author of "Gull of his Travels."
 Yeah.
 Because he was a political figure as well.
 And he's supposedly noticed a thread on the box
 and cut it before opening it.
 Oh, so he's the first red wire, blue wire cut moment
 that we've ever had for a bomb.
 Yeah, pretty cool.
 And we talk about his books instead.
 But "Eck and Berg" was the first of a kind of new wave
 where "Gump out" had been invented,
 a post had improved, things like that.
 And so there were anarchists.
 People were very, very worried about anarchists
 with their kind of cartoon-style bombs
 that they'd be throwing.
 Yeah.
 And he also invented a way to freeze dry milk, which
 is kind of similar to what we have today.
 So like instant custard, we wouldn't have it without him.
 Really?
 Well, "Eck and Berg."
 Wow.
 Jamie, you want to change your--
 Because you go on often, but I know you don't mind custard,
 do you know?
 I'm a bit of custard, I mean, I'm--
 50/50.
 It requires people.
 Now, I'll tell you why I think he's not a complete villain.
 So it's so interesting, which hills people choose to die on.
 I find that really fascinating.
 I just kind of love the fact that through revenge,
 he invented something that was actually--
 I mean, not a good thing, but was--
 It was like a thing.
 This silver lining is slimming down all the time.
 I got to say.
 So it was for revenge, but he did event something really bad.
 Well, maybe it's just how my mind worked,
 because I mean, I got quite heavily into revenge
 during my researching of this.
 So I was like, what else has revenge kind of created?
 And the rotary telephone is one thing that revenge has created.
 Yeah, because there was a guy called Alman Stroudger,
 and he was an undertaker in the late 19th century
 in Kansas City.
 They were all manual switchboards at that point, obviously.
 And he thought that the switchboard operators
 were deliberately fiddling with his connections,
 because--
 Wait, so you would call up and say, patch me through to this person.
 And he was convinced that this was being meddled with,
 because the other undertakers across the town,
 I think their wife worked at the phone company.
 So someone dies, you put them through to the rival.
 And yeah, exactly.
 So they were getting all the work.
 He was like, what's going on here?
 And so he invented the rotary telephone
 to cut out the--
 What was the one where you dial with this?
 Yeah, so you could dial it yourself.
 That is amazing.
 It's not amazing.
 Revenge, but not all bad.
 OK.
 It's like those spite houses.
 You know, spite houses.
 And it's just so cool that something
 that you build to screw someone over
 ends up being worth more than the house that--
 Yeah, yeah, exactly.
 I just love stuff like that.
 Just jumping back to Leatherbond's for a second,
 I've discovered that the former prime minister--
 well, a very long former prime minister, Anthony Eden--
 so prime minister of England--
 he was almost killed by Leatherbond.
 Yeah, and this was prior to him being prime minister.
 It was when he was foreign secretary.
 And someone had hand-delivered a Leatherbond.
 He took it.
 But he saw, oh, this looks a bit boring.
 So he put it in his briefcase.
 And he had it for 24 hours.
 He went home, he didn't open it.
 He just had a whole day of not opening it.
 And then Scotland got--
 And that's a looked boring.
 Yeah, he thought it looked like a circular.
 It looked like something that might have been dropped off.
 And it was a generic thing.
 Oh, right, OK.
 And so then Scotland Yard got in contact and said,
 we're worried that something might have been sent to you
 that is a bomb.
 And he still didn't look at it.
 And it was his secretary who eventually went,
 that might be a bomb.
 And then-- and it was.
 And so it was just purely his absolute boredom
 towards his letter that the most interesting letter
 he ever received actually had.
 And that's the thing is, they're
 designed to go off when you open them out there.
 So you can carry them around, and it's fine.
 So for instance, you're told that if you work in a government
 office and they might happen, a lot of people
 when they get a letter that they're not sure about,
 they put it in water, because they
 think that's what you're supposed to do with a bomb,
 but you're absolutely not supposed to put it in water.
 Because some of the explosives will explode
 if you put them in a big-- is that so?
 Also renders the letter completely illegible.
 Exactly.
 I've got stupid idea.
 There are some tips.
 There are some useful tips, actually.
 So warning signs include excess postage.
 Like, why is someone spending so much money on their parcel?
 Because you don't want to risk it getting returned to you.
 Right.
 No return address.
 So the really clever bombers will leave the return address
 off.
 I think I would put the return address as my number two
 nemesis.
 Yeah, nice.
 Such a good idea.
 Yeah.
 Such a good idea.
 Number two--
 I think it's a long-old list.
 It's a long-old list, journalist.
 Bad spelling.
 Oh.
 Because there are a lot of people sending these things,
 and maybe I'm going to slide off letter bombs.
 They're not the brightest buttons.
 Really?
 Yeah, bad spelling.
 Because they've just constructed a bomb.
 It feels like you've got a basic--
 Fair to get one.
 What are you doing?
 They might have studied the sciences and not the humanities.
 Yes, that's the point.
 There are so many kinds of intelligence.
 Addressed personal, confidential, or do not x-ray.
 That's wrong.
 And the final one-- just for any of that
 have slipped through those many holes in the Swiss cheese,
 ticking sounds.
 Protrooting wires, OK, yeah, or aluminium foil.
 Or if it says "acme bomb," on the front.
 If it's dropped off by a coyote who looks pleased with himself,
 that's another one.
 I did read.
 There was a-- what's the name of the journalist?
 Slasov Zizek.
 Slasov Zizek.
 Yeah, so he wrote this piece.
 And the opening anecdote of the piece
 at the top winner in the contest for the greatest blunder
 of 1998 was a Latin American patriotic terrorist
 who sent a letter bomb to a US consulate
 in order to protest against America
 interfering local politics.
 As a conscientious citizen, he wrote his return address
 on the envelope.
 However, he did not put enough stamps on it.
 So that post was returned to him.
 Forgetting he'd put it in, he opened it, and blew himself up.
 He did, and he did what James said.
 Now, who knows if that's apocryphal, but it's--
 What's his name?
 All the fingerprints of Jack Waz, anyway, near this.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I'll tell you what.
 That was the first time Jack Waz and Slasov Zizek
 have been mentioned in the same sentence together.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 It is time for our final fact of the show.
 And that is James.
 OK, my fact this week is that there
 is currently a scandal in Thailand.
 After at least a dozen supposedly celibate monks
 admitted to having sex with a woman called Mrs. Gulf.
 James, you're a keen golfer.
 That's how I found this.
 I was googling gol.
 No, no, no, no.
 Now, I just read this in the news,
 and I thought it's very amusing.
 It is a lot of senior monks.
 I mean, not amusing, if you're a monk,
 because obviously a lot of them have lost their livelihoods,
 including some as high-ranking as frat dep, which
 means angelic level.
 So this goes to the very, very top.
 And it turns out they've been having relationships
 with this woman who's called Mrs. Gulf,
 and they've been transferring money to her.
 And they've found this lady, and they
 found over 80,000 photos of naked monks on her phone.
 How do they know their monks?
 Sorry to quibble.
 I reckon there's a way.
 You reckon there's a way?
 It's probably a way.
 I reckon there's a way.
 Probably it's the hair style down there.
 It's like a tons, yeah.
 80,000 is a lot.
 Not necessarily all different monks.
 They could have been--
 I don't even know if I have that amount of storage on my phone
 for 80,000 photos.
 Yes, what was their data cloud like?
 This is really interesting.
 Is she in the cloud?
 She's using the cloud.
 So yeah, and the reason she's called Mrs. Gulf
 is because this is like common in Thailand
 for people to have little short nicknames.
 And you're kind of given them as a child by your parents.
 And they don't really mean anything.
 It might be that this person's parents love Gulf,
 but more likely they just take a Western word that kind of sounds
 fun or trendy or whatever.
 And they just call that.
 The most famous Thai person in the world
 probably is Lisa from Blackpink.
 And her nickname is Pockpack.
 So they're just mostly just sounds
 or they might be little words from other languages.
 But it's just like a little nickname.
 But people go by it in real life.
 Like as adults, you might still be known as that nickname.
 Yeah.
 But so this is an unbelievably fascinating story.
 This one woman went around so many of these different monasteries
 and managed to talk in what were effectively,
 I'm assuming, celibate monks into engaging not only in sex,
 but also having photos taken.
 And the top monks, some of them have fled the country.
 We don't know quite where they are.
 And they haven't said why they've done that.
 They're now investigating 300,000 other Buddhist monks
 in Thailand off the back of this
 to see whether or not they're involved.
 And she got a lot of money off the back of this.
 Was her own extortion, sort of, I'll release the photos.
 So the photos would be shown back to them
 and then they would have to pay money.
 And a lot of the monks have been acquitted
 where the police have decided that actually you just
 gave her money because she was pleading for the money
 and didn't engage in sexual activity.
 And trust me.
 But you know how much money allegedly,
 she has netted the equivalent of $11.9 million from this.
 There's a lot of money in munching, isn't that?
 Isn't that?
 Yeah, that's a bigger career than I thought.
 Like no, my career advisor did not say,
 have you considered becoming a monk?
 And I think it's like quite a big deal in Thailand
 because if you're a Buddhist, you
 think that if someone becomes a monk,
 then they kind of automatically sort
 of develop this strong resistance to temptation
 and that kind of thing.
 And so to find out that they haven't
 was quite a big deal for a lot of people.
 Yeah.
 I think this is very interesting, because I started reading about--
 by the way, James, there's a very hard factor
 to Google, like naughty monks.
 And naughty nuns is actually even worse.
 It's an even harder legit Google.
 But basically, there was a lot of this
 in the 16th century in England, because monks and nuns
 and monasteries and nunneries were seen as hoppets of sin.
 And the idea was, they're all on the take.
 They're all selling pardoning for sins, that kind of thing,
 like they're all--
 And they're all shacking up.
 And there were some institutions--
 Cancer Reformation.
 Like, Cancer Reformation, right.
 But I think we've all been conned into thinking
 that monks and nuns are inherently sort of naughty figures,
 because they're absolutely not.
 And I think we fall off a Henry VIII era propaganda.
 And I'm blowing the lid off this.
 Not enough people talk about it, but I'm not afraid to.
 I'd just like to reference the paper by Christian Knudsen,
 Sodomitic monks and other dissolution myths,
 the late medieval monastic decline narrative revisited.
 And it is a belting read.
 It's really good.
 And can you tell us more about the Fukushima disaster?
 [LAUGHTER]
 But like, Henry VIII wanted to dissolve the monasteries.
 I mean, because they owned a huge proportion of English land,
 right?
 There was so wealthy.
 And Henry VIII thought, I'm going to discredit
 ecclesiastical institutions anyway I can.
 And every monastery in England, in 1535 and 6,
 got a visit from bureaucrats who were trying
 to record every dubious incidents of behavior by a monk
 or a nun they could.
 And there were some cases, absolutely.
 There were some cases where monks had been playing the field
 or whatever it is.
 But they also had to come up with new crimes.
 So they found dozens of instances
 recorded of voluntary pollution, which
 is just sort of playing with yourself.
 But it's not.
 In one priori, West Acres, 76% of the monks
 were labeled incontinent by which they
 mean romantically incontinent.
 But 10 of those 13 were for just enjoying some cowl billiards.
 And so it's not cow, the cow goes in your head, doesn't it?
 You know what I mean?
 Hardly ever.
 I just think it's really interesting.
 And I think we shouldn't fall for it.
 OK, well, we won't.
 But also, like, I'm a Catholic.
 I mean, you know, lapsed carefully.
 Like, you can do anything if you say sorry.
 That's like the point.
 Yes.
 But actually, the penance was quite severe, or it could be.
 So Richard Gray, one man called Richard Gray, a medieval England,
 he was found guilty of having sex with a nun.
 And he was sentenced to being flogged while walking
 around Stanford church on four Sundays in a row,
 carrying a candle while dressed only in linen garments.
 And then he had to make a barefoot pilgrimage
 to Lincoln Cathedral from wherever he lived.
 Wow, that's a movable feast of a punishment, isn't it?
 You just want a feast of art, right?
 I'm going to get a flat just outside Lincoln.
 Yeah, that was quite a mess for me to not say
 where he actually lived in my notes.
 No, that's not true.
 But then he, and then after that, he didn't do what he was supposed
 to do, and they've excommunicated him.
 But in those days, being excommunicated was a big, old deal.
 Right.
 Like, because it can't amaze you can't go to heaven,
 but it also amaze you can't be baptized.
 And you can't get married, you can't do all sorts of different things.
 Yeah, and actually, quite often, the women
 were punished more than the men.
 So two that happened quite close to each other,
 a guy called Nicholas Plymouth was a monk who
 has committed adultery with a Tanner's wife,
 and he was ordered to remain silent for one week.
 And around the same time, someone
 called Alice Longspray was sentenced
 to a year of strict confinement after an affair with a priest.
 That was double standards.
 It is double standards, yeah.
 James, you've spent time in Bhutan.
 I have.
 Did you ever hear of the thunderbolt of flaming wisdom
 while you were out there?
 That's what they still call me that, man.
 I wonder when the thunderbolt of flaming wisdom
 is going to return.
 So it's referring to amongst penis.
 But so a question who your real friends were out there.
 It was straights that they yelled at me at the streets.
 Is that right?
 There was this guy, Druckper Cunley,
 and he was in the 1400s.
 Yeah, I've been to his church.
 You've been to his church, God, so he was interesting,
 because he was known as the Saint of 5,000 women.
 He was a fertility saint.
 The idea was he thought sex should be incorporated
 into reaching enlightenment.
 And so classic.
 Yeah, you would meet the thunderbolt of flaming wisdom
 as part of your hello to him, basically.
 And he was liked, but mad as fuck.
 Like, people genuinely thought he was.
 And what I wanted--
 It is known as the holy mad man or something like that.
 And he introduced this idea, which still goes on
 in very spits of Bhutan today, which
 is that if you're setting up a new house
 and you need it to be blessed, you would basically graffiti,
 fallists, put dig picks, all over, like,
 draw a penis all over the walls.
 Did you see any--
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, they're on every house, Haslam.
 Yeah.
 In this particular town where he was from.
 And also, if you go into his church,
 a priest comes up to you with a giant fallace
 and sort of touches you as if you'd
 been knighted by the queen.
 Rise.
 Did you have that?
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 Arise.
 [LAUGHTER]
 If it's on every house, can you put it on a semi?
 Sorry.
 Go on.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Do you want to know something cool about the first century
 saint, Thecla?
 Yes, please.
 Yes, please.
 This was sent in by a listener, actually.
 Lesson of Cat Brinker.
 So thanks, Cat, for this.
 This is the first century saint, Thecla.
 She is the unofficial patron saint of computers
 and the internet.
 And can you work out why?
 It's going to be sex-connected, presumably.
 Nope.
 But you said it was to do with the internet.
 No, I know.
 No, I know.
 What would a first century monk have to do with computers
 and the internet?
 She liked cats.
 That's a really good one.
 That's very close.
 She was very racist all the time.
 It's because her name, Thecla, sounds like the Spanish word,
 for a key, on a keyboard.
 Thecla.
 OK.
 Ah, Thecla.
 You've not just wasted their time.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Unbelievable.
 If you'd like to know some other grabs of the word Thecla,
 I've got loads.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 That is it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 Thank you for everyone who has joined us
 around the world on the live stream.
 We are all found on our online accounts.
 You can get us on Instagram.
 I'm there.
 I'm on @Sriberland.
 James.
 I'm on TikTok.
 No, such thing as James Harkin.
 Andy?
 Oh, Instagram @MrsGolf.
 80,000 photos on his grid.
 It's insane.
 It's too much, mate.
 It's too much.
 And Jamie?
 Uncle Igor, it's weird, don't worry.
 OK.
 Yep.
 And if you want to send us any of your facts,
 you can do that as well by going to podcast@QI.com.
 So send us facts.
 Send us anything that you heard in this episode
 that you want to talk about.
 We take it all, and we bring it to our special secret room,
 which is part of Club Fish.
 We've got any Club Fish members here.
 6, OK?
 Everybody.
 But we will read them out there as part of our mailbag specials.
 So do do that.
 Go online, find out if we're coming to a town near you
 with more live shows.
 But otherwise, come back here next week
 for more of our actual show.
 It's all free.
 Come and do that.
 Thank you so much, everyone, for being here tonight.
 London Podcast Festival.
 That was awesome.
 We will see you again.
 Good bye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [APPLAUSE]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
