 Hi everyone, welcome to this week's episode of No Such Things a Fish where we are joined by the incredible Beck Hill
 Now who is Beck Hill you ask?
 No, you don't because you're already a listener to a problem squared
 Which is her amazing podcast that she does with mathematician and comedian Matt Parker where they spend her time solving
 everybody's problems
 You probably also know Beck through her YouTube channel. She's got all sorts of stuff on there
 I think notably you might know her for her flip-chat comedy where she miss his lyrics
 There's videos about her show make-away take away that she used to do on CITV
 There's loads of stuff on there and of course if you're the right age or if you have children of the right age
 You will know her from her books. She has a series of book called horror heights
 There are three in the series at the moment
 The latest is called Dead Ringer and they are of course available in all places where you buy your books
 So that's all about Beck. There will be a little thing later on
 Towards the end of the show where we might have an object
 Which we will sign and give away to one of our listeners if you want to know more about that
 You will have to sign up to club fish
 We will give more details on how to win that during our next bonus drop as a line which will be out next Tuesday
 Anyway, not much more to say. I mean we do have a live show coming up
 Which I think the tickets might be all but sold out, but you can get streaming tickets from that
 You can go to no six things a fish dot com forward slash pod fest apart from that really this is the end
 It's time to say on with the podcast
 Hello and welcome to another episode of no such thing as a fish a weekly podcast coming to you from the qi offices in
 Hoburn my name is Dan Shriver. I am sitting here with James Harkin Andrew Hunter Murray and Beck Hill and once again
 We have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts from the last seven days and in a particular order here
 We go starting with fact number one and that is
 Beck in
 1927 a paint and was filed for an upper artist designed to scare criminals into confessing their crimes
 By creating an optical illusion of a ghost skeleton
 How to do it it's pretty cool. Yeah, I mean it the paint was filed and I mean it was granted in 1930
 Okay, it expired in 1947 so if anyone wants to make that now
 That make call of duty better. Wouldn't it whether trying to get
 line of duty
 It is yeah, yeah, I just don't work out there as well. I think it would work everywhere pop a glowing skeleton
 Sorry, we'll get we'll get messages from the game as it won't work in call of duty
 Intensely realistic war experience
 Is more a kind of like can you storm Normandy than where were you on the night of the fourth?
 More games need interrogation
 The Mario interrogation
 It's reading about
 Show jumping the other day, you know in the Olympics and in the first Olympic show jumping part of it was
 Just because we're talking about video games
 The horse had to walk along and people would roll barrels towards them and they'd have to jump over the barrels like in
 Isn't that cool? That's amazing. Yeah, imagine if that was your job
 Sorry, but this was off topic so quickly
 Oh, yeah, so it was like it was a light. Do you know what I couldn't find out whether it was a real skeleton or a fake one
 But given the date I'm guessing was a real one
 But it was a life-size skeleton with red glowing light bulbs in the eyes that would turn on and off to create the effect of blinking
 and it was lit from the top and the bottom and
 basically the
 the suspected
 criminal would be put into a
 chamber like a room that's completely darkened and then
 the interrogator would sit behind this skeleton and
 Talk through a megaphone that would sort of come out of the skeletons mouth and the skeleton be
 Lit a little bit to create the effect of a ghostly outline
 Blowing eyes. Yeah. Yeah, and it's and the effect the idea was the criminal would go into a darkened room to begin with
 So this was going on with the police officers
 What's happening and then suddenly this curtain would raise and this furious glowing skeleton would be there saying you did it
 Didn't you or whatever it would work so well the first time on I presume everyone who was who'd committed a crime and was trying
 To cover it up isn't it's a very striking experience to have if you're the one being you know questioned by a skeleton
 But I guess the criminal fraternity would would be more
 Yeah, we'll be blasé about it after a few years of the skeleton being there. I would know about it
 Wouldn't they yeah, they'd have to keep tracking it out and you know, different
 There's a detail in this which kind of confused me because this is the 1930s
 Which said that as well as having the the megaphone and the glowing eyes it also had a camera in the head
 Yes film would you get sound recording as well to record sound as well and it actually included a way of
 Recording the sound and the visuals at the same time onto this film. Yeah, that is very early
 And we had cinema and stuff like that, so I think this it was a woman who did it wasn't it?
 Helen Adelaide Shelby. Yeah
 I think she basically took a load of things that have been invented around that time and said oh, we could do this with this
 Oh, we could do this with this. Oh flashing lights. Let's do that for the eyes. Yeah
 One thing I couldn't find out was her decision to turn it into an interrogation thing
 Like that's quite a cool effect if you were like, oh, well, we could create this effect and put it on stage
 What like did she just read a Christmas carol and was like, oh, I know what gets people guilty
 But that's the thing she's she doesn't come from that background. So it's Helena. Sorry not or Helena
 Rather than Helen and she she was a real estate mogul. She was like she's the bed on horses
 There's nothing else in the literature about her that suggests that this came from any background in policing or anything like that
 And she kind of disappears as well. You don't really
 I found that she did die in
 1947 right I found in the newspapers when it expired
 And I found that her father-in-law Samuel was a famous Civil War veteran
 His first foray in the Civil War was down the Mississippi River and the entire platoon was hospitalized because they all drank swamp water
 That's all I found out. She had a husband called Edgar. Let's see how the other detail
 Yeah, it's all she's remembered for now is is mostly this doesn't think I I found out that Tom Scott the
 YouTuber had
 recreated this oh this invention in 2020. So they recreated the actual skeleton and everything and did an experiment with three other people
 where he left them alone with a cookie and
 One of them had to steal the cookie and then he interrogated them and they didn't know what he was doing
 So he was just like I'm trying out a new technique
 and then he puts them in this room and
 the first to
 I've scared at first because they're in a dark room and they have no idea what to expect and then when the skin was it appears
 They just crack up laughing
 You would though wouldn't you I mean I can imagine it being spooky at first, but I'd be far more scared of a dark room
 Yeah, so you know the one-way mirror thing. Yeah, there's not actually there's no such thing as a one-way mirror
 No, there is it's actually a window
 So that's the dullest fact I found at the course of research
 It's all about yeah lighting. Yeah, it's a window covered with highly reflective coating
 It's not a mirror. What makes the difference between them. Is it just because a mirror has like a
 Steel background. I think the mirror has the that yeah, it's like a properly opaque background
 Whereas with the one-way window as all the kids will be calling it
 Oh
 Because the lights are always off only in the room where the the senior cops are watching the questioning happen
 But the lights are always dark in that way
 Yeah, if you turned on the lights in that room you'd see them the thing is that is you want people to think it's a mirror, right?
 That's the whole point. Yeah, if you say we've got our window here
 Then they're gonna go. Oh, I thought that was a mirror like you have to call it a mirror in order to keep up
 But everyone knows there are people behind there now. Do they yeah
 No, the question is you don't know whether there's someone behind there or not
 I can't believe they exist actually to the eggs. I've never been arrested. Have you been interrogated?
 What did you do? I used to work in market research my first job and
 Wait, there was a market research house, which was in Slough, and I was conducting the surveys
 How interesting the focus group stuff. Yeah, it was all one-on-one stuff
 It was with women between the age of 18 and 39 who had acid reflux and
 They had to speak to me for an hour and a half each and I had to ask them all the questions about their
 Yeah, and do you watch them through a one-way mirror?
 There were there were there were people from I'm not gonna say which pharmaceutical giant for watching them through the window
 The mirror whatever and they were in the they were in the next room and after the interview ended
 I'd pop next door and I'd say was there anything else you wanted me to ask and they'd say yeah
 Can you just ask question 17 again? Okay, so this this woman middle-aged woman with acid reflux. Yeah, I'm talking to you
 I'm here. There's a big window there. Yeah, I mean mirror. Yeah, does she is she thinking all the time?
 There's someone behind that or was the illusion kept the whole time
 Because I reckon they wouldn't have no otherwise. What's the point? I think I saw I thought might have to say there might be people
 Oh, did you observing but don't you know don't worry about it. Just talk to me looking to my eyes
 Yeah, were you good interviewer or bad interviewer like you get good cop and bad
 No, honestly acid reflux is totally normal don't worry about it. You can tell me about it. You're a sick puppy and you're gonna burn
 Yeah
 I was not a very good interview right and the weird thing was it was just two of us working on the case me and my boss and
 After the fourth day of questioning sessions
 We came down to breakfast at the sort of like premier room. We was doing whatever and we both had acid reflux
 No, and then it turns out there was another
 I once once in a focus group with with the with the windows thing
 But we knew that they were people because you just know like oh well
 Someone's got to watch it's just so you don't get distracted
 But we had to play video games and give feedback on on the video games. I think it was little big planet
 Yeah, and I said there should be more interrogation
 I was wondering
 What happens if you confess but the police of you confess to as a Catholic because obviously they can't pass on what
 Confessions that but it doesn't really
 Like it's a priest cop that's the pitch of the TV series. He's a priest by day
 He's a cop by night, you know, but the priest is not allowed to tell anyone what's in confessed, right, right?
 Because although when I was at school and I used to go to confession. We had good priests bad priests
 The bad priests used to rat on you all the time man. Yeah, also, there's that one-way mirror in the confession
 Spooky images in Catholic churches, they do you know
 Growing red eyes, but this is the way that so I think in I think they're all
 So in confession booths the rule is that the priest can't disclose anything to anyone. That's how I understand
 Yeah, but there is some leeway
 I think if there's so like if Dan I'm the priest, right Dan comes into the booth and he says
 I'm going to kill James in fact number two
 So if notice it sings a fish, right? I think I am allowed as the priest
 I think some schools of thought say I am allowed to go to the police and say you might want to check on James check
 He's all right. Yeah, you might be a threat to him at some point, but I'm not allowed to say Dan is going to kill him
 Yeah, yeah, same with psychiatry, right when you admit
 You know planning to murder James
 It took me a long time to get that out in the sessions
 Just kill him
 What are you waiting for?
 But they're allowed to pass on active threats, aren't they?
 It must be able to. There must be vanishingly few cases of people in confession booths or therapy sessions saying like this is the time
 Place I'm going to commit the moida
 I don't think it happens much. I like that you tried to make it a lighter thing by
 This has gone a bit dark. Let's say moida
 Music is often used in interrogation tactics. That's a big thing metal music particularly we've heard about that
 Oh, and like one time. Oh, yeah, and John Ronson wrote about the fact that like Barney music would be played the Barney the purple dinosaur
 I love you you love that song over and over to to make people go insane ever play the blobby Christmas number one
 I bet they have I bet they have it's seen as torture
 But um one band that gets used a lot as Metallica and Metallica hate it because you know as any musician would have this opinion
 It's that music and politics music and in you know interrogation and questionable torture
 Shouldn't be mixed. I wouldn't say all musicians think that but well, yeah, I imagine most of them
 I think there is a band in the States a Christian rock band that were like you can use our music demon hunters
 I think the demon hunter. It's not cool. It's not quite yeah
 So Metallica asked for their music not to be used which it wasn't there was an interview with the guy who has claimed that he killed
 Summer bin Laden
 I don't know if that ever was confirmed the seal six team and he said that Metallica reached out to them and said can you not use our music and
 Demon hunter he claimed then got piped up and said you can have our music. It's fine. And here's some patches demon hunter came out and said
 Actually, that's not the case. We didn't know what it was being used for. They just said they like playing our music
 They made their own patches. So supposedly a demon
 They only yeah, military would like to wear lots of different patches like the scouts
 You're killing oh summer bin Laden bud
 Oh
 One of the most feared
 Nazi interrogators was a guy called Hans Schaaf in the second one bore and he was not he wasn't a soldier
 He was a Polish born. Thank you as a farmer. He lived in South Africa
 but he was fluent in English and if you were an
 Pilot or air crew and you were caught
 You would go to this little town near Frankfurt and you'll be put up in
 Reasonably nice digs and they just talked to you for a couple of weeks and Hans Schaaf was the one leading these efforts
 And they would present you with this incredible dossier. They'd say here are all your unit members names. Here's your home base
 Here's the commander's dog's name
 Here's the pub that you guys all drink in when and they just they would present you tiny fragments of information that made you think
 They knew absolutely everything
 You were likely to talk and give away secrets of you know wish what the weaknesses of your planes or whatever it might be
 But the son the incredibly weird things that Hans Schaaf after the Second World War. He went to work at Disneyland
 He became a mosaic artist and he did Cinderella's castle at Disney or Disney World. I think in Florida
 Yeah, that is do you know what though if I worked in
 Nazi interrogation that I want to go off and then work in a magical wonderland
 Art like you've heard that. Yeah, that's amazing. Yeah, I just imagine the interview where they want to find a mosaic maker
 They're like, well, what did you do in your previous job?
 Okay, it is time for fact number two and that is my fact my fact this week is that in real life
 The author of Charlotte's web became the foster parent to the spider children. He based Charlotte on
 So spider dad spider dad. Yeah, by spider children mean the children of a spider or not
 So Eby white author of Charlotte's web who also penned the classic Stuart Little and quite a few
 Bigger adult books as well the elements of style and is sex necessary which he wrote with James Thurver
 These were huge books back in the day
 He loved animals and Charlotte of Charlotte's web is based on a real spider that he'd seen
 He'd spotted it one autumn in 1949 and he came back later and the spider was gone and
 The sack of the eggs were still sitting in the web and he thought okay
 I'm gonna collect that so he took it down and he put it into a box and he goes to New York
 And he travels with this and he has it in his office and the eggs survived and and they came out these spiders and started
 Crawling over his office and they even had their web shoot up and they saw them flying across the office and he thought this is great
 I'm just gonna let them do what they do and so for weeks
 They just made home on his desk in his office. It's his flat. I think it was yeah, yeah
 Sorry, New York and and it wasn't until his cleaner came along who just went. I'm sorry
 I can't clean everything but the spiders that are infesting this room
 That actually then they were murdered. What did she not walk around?
 I don't know. I guess my cleaner doesn't kill my cat every time she comes around
 She could work around the spider. You don't have hundreds of cats the size of a tiny eyelash
 I don't know. It feels like she could work around the spiders. Yeah, you'd think so, but she she complained
 He said fine. You can you can kill them and don't have a cleaner. Jeez. I don't have a cleaner
 That's how you not get your spider children buried
 Yeah, yeah, so yeah, but it's quite nice to know that we never knew the fate of Charlotte the spider itself
 I believe I would have died exactly the species
 Yeah, we only live for a year don't they it's but if it's bound spider. Yeah, it's quite a good bond spider
 That's what that was. I think was it? It's got a scientific name. I didn't see
 Oh, yeah, but I didn't even know there was a common name of a barn spider. I've heard of the house by the though
 So the spiders called Charlotte covac covatica. Yeah, and it's covatica. Maybe the scientific name it is
 So Charlotte a covatica and the a is a shortened scientific word
 So Rainer's I think right Aranis I might be pronouncing that wrong Uranus
 Sorry just to put you a cap of the charlotte's web
 So there's a pig and a spider. Yeah, and the spider saves the pigs life by spinning words into the web
 Yeah, someone's gonna kill the pig the farm is gonna kill the pig farm is gonna kill big pig right at the beginning of the book
 I think and then yeah, and Charlotte and the pig have an unlikely friendship
 Hmm, it is weird that as a farmer you would see the words written in the web and think this pig is incredible
 So is I actually didn't write down his full first two names eb
 Elwin Brooks elwin Brooks. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah, so eb is elwin Brooks
 But actually went by the name Andy his whole life
 Yeah, and it's a really odd reason he went to Cornell University
 And there's a tradition at Cornell
 Which is if you happen to have shared the surname of the person who was the co-founder and the first president of Cornell
 Who was a guy called Andrew Dixon white then you had to just be called Andy?
 Because he was called Andy. So they showed the so they bite and and so he got given that at Cornell and then the rest of his life
 That's what it's what his wife called him. It's what his friends. It's what his colleagues
 I'm just that still happens at Cornell if you had surname white that you get nicknamed Andy
 You know, it was a real pig as well as a real spider
 Yeah, so he it's a lot of it's really drawn from life because he he lived in
 Maine on a lovely farm and he just as Dan said he connected with nature a lot and he almost preferred his farm to we definitely preferred his farm to city life
 but he kept a pig and in 1948 so
 three or four years before writing Charlotte's web
 He wrote the essay death of a pig which is all about a pig
 he'd been planning to slaughter which then got very ill and
 The pig had erycepolis, which is a
 condition
 Erycepolis. Yeah, erycepolis. It's a skin condition Dan Finsley couldn't pronounce a few years ago on this podcast
 Yeah, and it's dangerous because it can transfer to people as well
 It's a friend of the podcast
 And he wrote I discovered that once one has given a pig and enema there is no turning back
 The pigs lot and mine were inextricably bound now. Oh
 So you had to give the pig a medical enema at one point or another and it really brought them closer together
 Sure, I love everything I've read about EBY. I love he just seems such a dork
 He would have been perfect. I think on this podcast like here's a here's an example of how dorky he was
 So he fell in love with this girl called Catherine sergeant angle who was a fiction editor who worked at the New Yorker
 And that's he was a writer for the New Yorker. She was married at the time. Yeah, that's right. Yeah, and they they eloped and
 They had uh, you know, they had their marriage and then he said later on I soon realized I'd made no mistake in my choice of wife
 I was helping her pack an overnight bag one afternoon when she said put in some tooth twine
 I knew then that a girl who called dental floss tooth twine was the girl for me
 Oh, that's so sweet
 Well, I uh, I quite enjoyed finding out that when someone asked him why he wrote charlotte's web
 He said, uh, I haven't told why I wrote the book, but I haven't told you why I sneeze either
 and a book is a sneeze
 That is his uh, yeah, he doesn't know why inside you and you just have to you have a story inside you and you have to
 Share it with the world. Yeah, I guess it leaves your body at 17 miles an hour. Yeah
 And if you keep your eyes open when you're right in the book, they will pop out
 Did you see that letter that a little girl wrote to him asking him why it was nine years after charlotte's web had come out
 And she said when's the next book coming out and he replied I would like to write another book for children
 But I spend all my spare time just answering letters. I get from children about the books. I have already written
 So it looks like a hopeless situation unless you can start a movement in america called don't write to eb white until he produces another book
 That's harsh that isn't it? Yeah
 But that is like the that is exactly the sort of reply that I end up start doing on twitter
 Like with the reply guys and stuff. I'm like, oh, I'm just running out of patience now
 Do you reply to reply guys? I used to really don't don't bother now. No, no, no
 No, I've never heard that term. Is that just people who reply no matter what? Well, no, it's it's it's quite a sex-specific thing, isn't it?
 Yeah, well, general generally reply guys tend to be due to reply to women to and in my case
 Explain our own jokes to us or why they might be better somehow
 in addition to something
 often incorrect
 Have you thought of trying harder?
 He had a really interesting process for writing eb white
 So he could never listen to music because that would be it would get his attention
 Diverted and that and that's I think quite famous for any writer anything with lyrics get that away
 But what he did used to do was sit in the bit of his house that had the most traffic in it
 So his wife passing through his kids passing through whoever was in the house. Yeah, not like cars and stuff. No, exactly
 But like just yeah foot traffic
 From his family. I think that's crazy. I agree. I think that's really difficult to concentrate when there's so much happening
 Yeah, it's that must be one of the most unusual writing methods
 Anyone's any writers ever heard. Yeah
 Like Dan Brown hangs upside down or something to write that sounds like a dr. Zeus book
 Dan Brown
 Yeah, he would do that if he had if he just needed thinking time he would hang upside down
 I don't think he physically
 Because the pen just wouldn't work after exactly we might have a space pen. Oh, yeah. Yeah on this anti-gravity or a pencil
 You know, uh, stew at little. Yeah, man. Oh, yeah. What is it? What is it though? Best friend a mouse, right?
 And was they right? I mean wrong. Oh, he's not a mouse. He's not even a mouse. Is he a doormouse?
 No, no, he's so he's he's a child. He looks small. He looks like a mouse. What? Oh, right?
 Really? It's very weird. No in the book
 Yeah, in the book it's described as because he's he's given birth to by his human parents
 And they say and the book says he's the size of a mouse
 And he he has all the characteristics of a mouse, but he is
 He's quite indeterminate as species. So in the book it's not illustrated as it or is it?
 I don't know if the original edition was illustrated because in charlotte's web the illustrator wanted to give the spider
 human woman facial features terrifying. Yeah, and uh, and they were like, no
 She just looked like a spider and so that was just a spider, but in the animated film
 She was given a face given. She's got a lady face. Maybe that's why because he hated the movie didn't he?
 Yeah, he saw it and I guess like a lot of children's authors like pl travers seeing mary poppins the movie
 Hated the way that their work is translated. Um, he hated charlotte's web. Um, that might be the reason
 But this kind of makes sense that maybe stewart little wasn't
 A mouse because he did have a bit of a bugbear about
 When people made animals a bit more human-like rather than like charlotte's web
 It was a pig and it was a spider
 Whereas he can never understand mickey mouse and donald duck and say why are they driving a car the hell's going on there?
 You feel like the mouse a mouse doesn't drive a car because I haven't read this book because his spider quite realistic
 like band spider female band spiders will
 Stick some like silk out of their bum and then walk around and that's got like pheromones on it
 And then the males will follow her around. Oh, there's a whole chapter about this
 It's where the spider babies come from brilliant. Yeah, but he did use a lot of technical terms
 He explained like the different bits of like that. He was very he researched spiders for ages to get all of the understanding
 So when you read it you get an understanding about like, you know, this bit of the leg is called this this bit of the hand
 The end
 He um, he was incredibly shy as well. He'd be white. He was very he's very anxious guy about not pretty much everything
 Um, when he when he worked at the new yorker, he would sometimes go out of the fire escape if someone
 He didn't know turned up at the office. Oh, he'd just pop out, you know of the window effectively
 Wow, um, he skipped. Well anytime it was someone he didn't know at the office or someone who's coming to talk to him
 I think probably someone coming to take office, isn't it? He wouldn't have done everything done. Yeah, you're right
 Um, please give me it just sounds like someone who's smoking and try
 Yeah, he skipped parties
 He skipped his the burial service of his wife of many decades
 He skipped the presidential medal of freedom awards ceremony where jfk was trying to give him a medal
 The national medal for literature award. He skipped that too. He just did not want to go out
 He was shy around women, wasn't he? Was he? Um, yeah, he once said I have too small a heart and too large a pen
 And it feels like he forgets we have the bad sense of it
 Yeah, he his wife even when he was communicating sort of love notes and stuff
 He would still even hide behind an animal persona. I don't think he was a furry. I think he just didn't
 Yeah, I don't think anyone thinks
 But you thought that
 Actually, he wasn't a fairy. He was a human with the characteristics of a fairy
 Yeah, um, this is all by the way
 It's a guy called michael simms who wrote this amazing biography on him
 Who discovered that charlotte was based on a real spider found out this story about the the eggsack and he did an interview on npr
 Where I was reading this on and um, he said that when it came to the audiobook the death scene
 So spoiler alert charlotte dies in the book
 Um, he found it impossible to read the death scene
 Out loud and according to the producer it took him 17 takes in order to get it out finally
 Uh, he said they would how many takes did your book take that?
 I was just crying the whole way through you shouldn't have put the word erycee plus in
 But he would go out he would go out for walks would try and get himself together to go back in and do it
 And he would say yeah
 He's like this is ridiculous a grown man crying over the death of an imaginary insect go back in and then just start crying all over
 Not an insect, mate. Yeah
 James is in the booth pressing of us and uh, maybe that's who's crying, you know the final light is and then the insect died
 It is time for fact number three and that is andy my fact is that one of the world's best dance choreographers is called
 Mr. Millipede
 Um, I should say this was sent in by a listener
 So thank you to Maggie Mortensen who sent it in. Um, yeah, and uh, mr. Millipede. I think he's Benjamin
 Yes, and no now james is looking. It's giving me a look millipede. Is it millipede?
 It's how he would pronounce it. It's how he would pronounce it, but it's not how I'm pronouncing it
 He's not on this podcast. So no, but it's it's millipede. Yeah, it translates into french as a thousand feet, right? Yeah, there we go
 Um, I've seen newspaper articles interviewing him who call him the man with a thousand feet
 Really? Yeah, that's great. I think because he dances so well. It's almost as if he has a thousand feet
 Maybe yeah, I get a lot harder to dance
 It would be yeah if two left feet, but you've got like what 500
 And this is just a fact about someone with an amusing name in the world of dance. Hmm. Yeah, no one is to have determinism
 Yeah, yeah, I went to school with a girl called erin trimmer who became a hairdresser
 Nice
 Brilliant
 Shout out to erin trimmer
 So mr. Millipede, uh, is he's quite notable in the world of hollywood. He has choreographed a lot of movies
 He's done june the first june movie. He did the choreograph for the um for the giant worm dance. giant millipede
 Yeah, the big millipede that comes out
 There's a dance in there. I believe I haven't seen the movie myself. Yes. There's there's a dance
 There's a cool shifting dance over the sand
 We sashay to avoid attracting the attention of the big old worms that live in the desert
 Because they feel the vibrations of your feet they sense movement for them and they're incredibly sensitive to it
 But if you walk in a particular way then well, they won't spot you. Is it a dance or is it just someone walking?
 Well, it's a gate, you know a gate
 I'm not seeing june, but I imagined that it was like a bit in the movie where they're like
 And now we do the word
 Everybody joins in and they're like it's just a step to the left. Yeah, basically it's I'm imagining
 Yeah, mr. Millipede comes running out in leotard
 It's like a Jane Fonda video. Yeah. Um, but he also did black swan
 Which was the ballet movie and it was on that movie that he met his future wife
 Natalie Portman. So yeah, mr. Millipede is married to Natalie Portman
 Just some hot goss
 Great yeah, yeah, they split up though because he's got together with one of the worms from dune
 Yeah, um, but no just uh ballet unless anyone's got anything more on on benny mill. Um, mr. Millipede has got a tattoo on his abdomen
 Of a bow house symbol, which I think is quite cool. You know the german architecture thing
 It's a it's like a profile of a face uh designed by a painter called oska schlemmer
 And oska schlemmer is really cool. He was he had five of his artworks in the nazi organized degenerative art exhibition
 In munich. Do you know about that? So they piled up a load of art
 Well, basically they the nazis decided and hitler especially because he was he thought of himself as an artist
 They got a load of like german artworks that showed the greatness of germany and put them all in an amazing museum
 And then down the road they got all the stuff that they really hated and said this is all degenerate this, you know
 And I mean, which one would you rather see? Yeah
 Like it's I would so much tragic but front to yet another hitler watercolor
 exactly
 But yeah schlemmer had a load of stuff there and then they had loads of rooms
 Like a lot of them were quite anti-semitic the names of the rooms and stuff
 But um, they had some that was like an insult to german womanhood
 And then they'd have a load of paintings that were insulting german women
 And then madness becomes method and nature as seen by sick minds. Oh, yeah, these do sound quite like quite cool
 Yeah
 Very nice. Anyway, that's just a thing about Bauhaus. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um the movie black swan just very quickly while we're still on millipede
 There was a lot of controversy about the movie when Natalie Portman won the oscar for it because
 Well, there's a lot of scenes which is to do with really intensive amazing ballet dancing
 And there was a stunt double Natalie Portman was good at ballet, but she'd only done it for a year
 She wasn't at the level that you needed to be in order to pull those moves
 Um, but the person who played the stunt double didn't get any of the credit and there was a lot of questions about
 Whether or not best actor should be going to someone who is not necessarily
 I can see that
 And there's a lot of emotional scenes in there and you know, so there's a lot of acting that goes on so it's justified
 I feel like it should be a joint thing
 Yeah, like if you win best actor for a particular role then anyone else in the film
 That had to play whether it's a stunt double or a stand in or something. Yes, they should all get on stage
 They share it, but if it's someone doing the back of your head for a day where you were busy shooting a different sequence
 But they can come on stage, but they have to show only the back of their head
 Zyruska Statue is only the back of the oscar's head
 And and they all have to dress in whatever the actor is wearing. They're all wearing the same outfit
 So we change it from the nominations being the actor's names to the character name of the movie
 Therefore you can have multiple people character is a really good category. I really like that
 Yeah, and then, you know, then it's not as problematic when people eventually do something that makes you go. Oh
 Oh, I don't like them anymore. Yeah. Oh, I still like that character. Yeah, that's true
 Interestingly, last thing on black swan black swan was made by Darren Aronofsky the director
 And he also made the wrestler with Mickey Rourke
 And initially black swan and the wrestler were meant to be one movie where a ballet dancer fell in love with the wrestler
 And that was the initial movie. It was meant to be one
 Cinematic universe combination and then you just split it into two movies. That's a brilliant
 What I would have loved to watch it would mr. Milipede also choreographed
 Yeah, the wrestling was pro ballet is fake
 There's a thing called beat deafness. Have you heard of this? No, it's like I've got it. Yeah. Do you think no?
 I'm sure you don't it's like tone deafness only
 You can't dance. It's quite rare dancing well is subjective. Isn't it really? Yeah, it is
 It is I'm more talking about being in rhythm. So they would they'd watch strictly come dancing for example and be like, wow
 Why are they not in time to the band? It's that yeah, well, they would just it would be completely alien to them
 It would be they wouldn't think they're out of time or they're in time. They would just be like, well, I don't know
 What's going on here? He's just moving his arms and there's music playing but I can't put the two together
 Right. What if anyone famous has that? Hmm. I mean, I definitely can't keep to time
 I found that out by trying to learn the drums
 And after many lessons and a very patient teacher realized I just can't keep to time. I always get faster
 Always all the time. And I the thing is I love like I love dancing and stuff
 I did dance in high school. I saw a video and I am clearly half a beat behind everyone else
 Like it's yeah, yeah, I've just had to what kind of dancing was it?
 Uh, um, I did uh interpretive because uh, it's a lot harder to prove wrong
 Yeah, that's the best there are some dances that it's clear if you're a beat behind if you do the oki-koki and your arms in when everyone else is out
 That's really obvious because you'd have to do like group ones as well. And that that that was more like modern dance
 Or whatever. Yeah, so that one was one I was always out. Yeah. Yeah
 I'd love to see just videos of that where someone doesn't know
 Hi. Yeah, so we're actually on knees not shoulders
 Didn't you do a bit of dance me? Yeah you where I'm thinking of your school because you went to a very interesting school
 Oh, yeah, yeah, we went to a riddle steiner school. We did urythmi, which is a dance invented by riddle steiner
 Yeah, so you used to go it was I you know, it's very kind to call it a dance
 What it is is you just give it given a pole and you have to walk forwards and backwards just
 Moving the pole from vertical to horizontal a metal pole. Yeah, it would be disappointing if you go to see a pole dancer and that's
 Damn telling you about the yeti while he walks back and forwards
 Um ballet moves. Oh, yeah. Did you know one of the most iconic?
 sports logos of all time
 Is a ballet move
 Yeah, try and guess it. Oh, oh, I think I know. Yeah, there we go. Yeah, Michael Jordan the famous. Can we keep guessing?
 Sorry, sorry
 Sorry, go for it. Go for it. I was thinking the olympic rings. Yeah, no clothes
 clothes
 Do you want it one more? No, no
 Yeah, so james is actually as I said earlier, correct
 The very iconic Michael Jordan looking like he's going for a dunk. So his arms are out
 He's got a ball in his hand legs are wide. It's not going for a dunk going for a dunk. Yeah, you go for a dunk. He's dunking
 Okay, okay
 Give it a few minutes. I've just been for a dunk. Uh, has it bounced off the backboard?
 Yeah
 Um, that's everyone assumes that that's him dunking. It's not he's in a photo shoot that he was doing with a guy called Peter Moore
 Um, he did a ballet leap and that was caught in the photo and they thought that just looked so perfect a stance
 For this logo. Did he know it was a ballet leap? Yeah, I believe so. Yeah
 I there's not there's not too much information on it
 It's just from this guy Peter Moore who pointed out that when the photos were taken that's what was happening
 So we know that it was specifically that
 Um, so yeah ballet in Michael Jordan land. I think I might be wrong about no
 I'm right about this
 When my parents used to ask me what I wanted to be when I grow up until I was about seven or eight
 I said I wanted to be a ballet dancer. Wow
 Ah legend and then I discovered football. Oh, you get to go on my list of
 Uh famous people I'm calling you famous famous people who started off as uh,
 Ballerinas or I wouldn't say I started off as a ballerina. Um other people on the list
 Tupac. Oh, yeah, the rapper Tupac
 I did it with him. There you go
 Yeah Tupac was um, he he was the mouse king in the school play the nutcracker, but he actually studied interesting fact about the mouse king
 Yeah, not a mouse
 That's the dimensions of a mouse
 Um, also on the list the Daleks from dr. Who bit of a stretch. No, not really they
 So Terry nation when he was designing the Daleks he was inspired by the soviet dance troupe
 The georgian state ballet when they're performing in london and believe that that would be a perfect like he got looked at and went
 Wow, the way they glided he thought a Dalek would be a perfect way of doing that
 Um, and so not only was that the inspiration
 But the very first people who sat inside the Daleks were dancers to help with the with the movement because they understood how to
 Yeah, use their feet
 You never see ballet dancers going upstairs
 Exactly incapable of going upstairs. I think louis the
 Who's the sun king louis the fourth 14th? Yeah, he was into ballet and that's how he got called to sun king
 It's named after a character in a in a ballet. I don't know which one. Yeah, he was massive into it
 He used to like try and do the dances himself like dinners and stuff. Yeah, yeah
 So what were they called because I was reading that ballerina is the word that you would use for a female ballet person
 Italian wouldn't it
 So what what's the word? We don't have an english word for a male ballerino ballerino
 Ballerino, you know ballerino's. Yeah. Yeah ballerino. I thought I'd take us down a different
 Laynote looking at ballet today. Um, and this was uh
 Quite recent the director of a leading german ballet company had to be investigated by police
 Because uh, he smeared a critic's face with feces with dog feces
 Because she'd uh said too many bad things about um, his ballets. Yes, this is a terrible story. Yeah, it's a bit
 It was a it was a let's just a drive by
 Who's a drive?
 I'll take some skills, isn't it? Just going for a dunk
 Like so very high passion. It was a critic the critic had written a very hostile reviews of the of the this particular ballet
 It was a previous show. I think yeah in the dutch mountains
 It was called uh, which had been performed earlier
 Furious with the review that was given and they were putting on this new performance
 What's interesting is I don't think he knew that she was going to be there on that night
 It just happened to have the dog poo at his pocket, which makes it more interesting if that's the case
 Come on. No, it can't be true. You know, if he always have a dog with him, maybe like well, what's his dog's poo?
 So I wonder if maybe he'd happen to have his dog with him at the time. Oh, god
 Crikey. Yeah
 I won't lie. There's some there's some reviewers who I think probably
 Wow
 There's the same names will bleep them out. Oh, no, it's a confessional space. You can say what you want
 But if if I think there is a risk to them, I will have to what yeah, um
 one of the so the big I mean there's a huge
 I guess you'd say a sort of soft power thing for lots of I mean lots of very big eastern european ballet companies, especially russian
 So the bolshoi ballet is very very very famous russian ballet. This is interesting
 Again, it's people who you wouldn't think would were ballerinas, uh, but but were
 So have you seen diehard?
 Yes. Oh, yes. I yeah, so know about this. Yeah, this is um one of the henchmen in diehard
 It's Carl. Okay. The big blonde guy gets shot. No, it's his brother. They get shot. Exactly. Exactly. He won best character in 1980
 I can't believe you don't remember this
 16 people except at the end
 Carl Carl the huge blonde henchman who's extremely tough. He uh, he was a former principal lead dancer in the bolshoi ballet
 Okay, uh, well, I because I've been to see a ball show in Moscow and the guys who do it
 They're quite slim, but they're strong. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So strong a lot of strength. Yeah. Yeah
 And it also takes a lot of strength to defect which is what
 Is that what he did? Alexander got enough dead. Yeah, he was on tour in the usa
 Big big thing of ballet defections. Nuri is it ish the cuff. Was it the other guy? Rudolph Nuri defected at the airport
 He was about to go back to the soviet union
 He had his handlers from the kgb with him and he he he fled to the french police who were who were there at the airport
 But he didn't do it. Like I don't think he did a cool move
 Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show that is james. Okay. My fact this week is that in 1997
 Mattel recalled one of its cabbage patch dolls because it's had started eating children
 I remember this see. Yeah. Yeah. Oh my god. Yeah, because I was a bit. I was really into cabbage patch kids
 And um, and I remember that that was going that particular toy was going to be released in Australia
 And then when they got recalled in the states, they never made it to Australia. How interesting I'd never heard of it before
 But yeah, I mean it's incredible and when I say eating children it was only bits of children
 It was eating. Yeah, I didn't manage a whole one
 It was a toy which had a mouth which you could feed food into
 And it had a rucksack at the back and then you would feed them a cookie or something
 And it would go through the body and then it would mysteriously arrive in the rucksack and and that would be the game
 But children started putting their fingers into the mouths or the hair or whatever and there was really no way to stop it
 I don't think kids were deliberately putting their hair in them. I think the hair was getting caught
 The hair was getting caught. I can imagine them putting their fingers in deliberately
 Someone with a one-year-old child that you know that might happen
 But anyway, once you put any part of your body into this mouth
 You couldn't get it out because these because behind the lips of the doll of these two
 These rollers right and they only rolled one way exactly. Yeah. Yeah, and they had um about 100 incidents reported
 In this christmas time it started off just a few and then suddenly like more and more and more people started saying
 Yeah, my kids are being eaten by this doll and just legally I I did find a claim by Mattel that these are all isolated incidents
 But that really raised a question of how many incidents do they have to be
 Stop being isolated
 Exactly. Yeah, I mean they did sell many many
 Probably at least hundreds of thousands up. They sold a lot of them and so it's a very low percentage of children
 Who got eaten by these dolls one is too many, isn't it? Yeah, rather feels that way. Yeah
 But yeah, cabbage patch kids. They're incredible. With these dolls
 There's there's an extraordinary thing that I never appreciated about cabbage patch dolls
 Which is basically their handmade to be in each one is very different from like if not even the model
 There's obviously different models within the models each one has differences in it because they are basically
 They're all supposed to be kind of unique. Yeah, like for instance
 I got one. Yes
 Oh, it's still in the box. Well, I only bought it yesterday
 This is not one that eats children. This is just a normal cabbage patch doll
 Wow. Wow. And as you can see mine is called Leona Jade. How you've gone? Is it a ballerina?
 Yeah, she has like a little birth certificate and adoption papers and the idea is that they're all unique pretty much and
 And that was different as well, wasn't it that you didn't buy it? You didn't buy a doll. You adopted a doll
 Exactly. Oh, yeah. Oh, I've got them. I've got the birth certificates and everything. Yeah
 Yeah, I had one called Alice who had
 Came with hair like products so you could style the hair it came with a little thing of hair spray
 So you could do its hair and I wasn't a doll
 Kid like I didn't like Barbies or anything like that. I was more into trolls
 But but the cabbage patch kid. There was just something
 About it. Did you do you know about the cute schema? No schema of cuteness
 So there was a study done
 By a university in in japan, of course, they would study cuteness
 And it was to look at the things that we respond to as humans to decide that something is cute
 So the the forehead is normally quite large big eyes
 The eyes usually quite low on the forehead
 and sort of chunky short
 limbs and things and they believe that the reason that cabbage patch dolls became so popular
 And became like because they weren't they didn't do anything not like, you know before all of these the original ones didn't
 They didn't do anything. They didn't eat children
 They think that the reason they went so big is because it violates the cute schema
 So
 Oh, if you look at a cabbage patch doll, you'll notice that the eyes are actually quite small
 quite close together and so there's elements about them that are considered grotesque
 But not enough I find I don't I don't I find a bit creepy and that's why because it divides people and people either think they're cute
 Or creepy and so people would talk about them because people go. Oh, they're so cute and other people go. No, no
 They're really creepy. Yeah, and as we know from just the media today
 If you can cause a divide in public opinion people will talk and debate and argue
 Yeah, my um, yeah, my wife won't let me take this home. I bought it. I really really doesn't like it
 Is this new was it like an ebay? It's brand new. No, I bought it. This was in a shop, right? Yeah. Yeah. So does anyone want one?
 I thought what we could give it away to one of our listeners
 Should we give it away to someone on club fish? I'm pretty sure I just claimed it, but yeah, no, of course, of course
 You should always give away adopted children
 It's just be a double adoption. Yeah. Yeah, let's do that. Okay. We'll work out a competition
 Um, the thing about the sort of the look of the freakish look and so on that led to one of the great myths about cabbage patch kids
 That circulated in the 80s, which I had
 Reading this kind of makes me miss being a kid again and falling for these amazing legends. Dan, you still fall for these things
 Yeah, that's true. That's true
 But um, the the story was the reason they looked like that was because president of america at the time
 Ronald Reagan gave a directive to the makers of it to show
 What we would look like following the survival of a nuclear holocaust
 And to get us used to the idea that we're gonna look quite freakish and it would be normalized by the time it happened
 We would sort of accept it as normal humans being like that and that went around for it. Yeah, it's such a great story
 But um, it it's you know, obviously not true, but that's really
 It's not true
 That's so fun. I find everything about them a bit a bit rum. Yeah
 Well, did you guys read about the babyland general hospital? Yeah, was this one at some point? Well, actually it's mentioned on this box
 it says that um
 There was a young boy called Xavier Roberts who discovered a magical cabbage patch
 And he built babyland general hospital where his children now live and play until someone takes them home to care for them and love them
 Right and that sounds like just a bit of corporate guff. Yeah, actually. It's a real place
 So he so he kind of well, we'll get on I'm sure we'll get on with the history of how they were originated
 But in 1978, I think he opened up and I think it was a former medical facility
 He opened up babyland general hospital and you could go there as a punter and they held live births
 At the hospital and there was a write-up on um slate
 Okay, every half hour or so an employee dressed as a doctor or nurse gets on the pa and announces there is a code green
 That means that mother cabbage is in labor
 And it's time to head to the magical crystal tree to watch a baby being born
 The birthing process lasts under three minutes. Uh-huh not realistic
 Um a nurse in scrubs and latex gloves stands among the cabbages and tells the crowd that mother cabbage has dilated
 The full 10 leaves apart
 That's such a gag for the parents
 Like if you have no idea the parents are going to be like, oh, I see what they're saying
 As the crystal well, there are very specific parent gags as the crystals at the base of the tree begin to glow
 The nurse gives the cabbage a shot of imagicillin and announces she will be performing an easyotomy
 A pieziotomy gag there as opposed to a c-section which stands for cabbage section
 The nurse gently spreads the cabbage leaves reaches in her gloved hands and slowly pulls out a naked doll
 The kids in the crowd murmur gasp and applaud
 People say that's creepy
 Oh, I'd love to see that
 But it was the whole story was one of the reasons the other reasons they became so popular because it
 Rather than just being a doll. It was this whole
 You're buying into the need us. Yeah
 Like you're actually adopting a thing, you know, the parents would be like, oh, that's a really cute idea and oh
 Oh, my my kid could adopt a doll and stuff. And so yeah, and it worked
 That's amazing. It really did work because they were absolutely massive when they were when they first went out
 When was that going to be in like the 80s early 80s? Yeah, and there was riots when people were trying to get them in shops and
 Um, I was reading some newspaper articles from the time
 About these riots that were happening in the in the states
 Um, the citizens voice newspaper. This was in pennsylvania one pregnant woman bit another patron and knocked his hat off
 I think she was just trying to eat a cookie
 Another woman was punched in the face by a female shopper
 One woman chased a man through a parking lot calling him an sob
 The simi valley star from california said one woman was swinging a baseball bat wildly at other women
 To get one of these dolls and it wasn't even the last doll in the shop that she was getting
 Apparently because all these dolls are slightly different from each other
 She'd seen one that she particularly wanted and she just didn't want anyone else to go near them
 So she was swinging the baseball bats
 And in 2008
 Four kids entertainment Inc who at the time on the license for these they released a special edition of the dolls to commemorate the riots
 Oh, wow
 And did it come with riots? No, it was just like riot gear
 They've become slightly different over the years like this is the one that i've got here is a bit more
 Finally and a bit more toy-like than the originals the ones that they did to commemorate. They were
 Um more close to the originals. Yeah, you can see I mean it's you know
 It's since becoming a parent and understanding the christmas rush to get toys
 You can understand why movies like jingle all the way are so you know, Arnold Schwarzenegger's most relatable movie
 It's that was all about a toy. Have you not seen it a relatable movie? Absolutely. No, I never think of a more than cold in the barbarian
 Yeah, yeah, even more than kind of neither more than julia even more than terminator. Yeah
 It's more than more than can be gone and call terminator three rise of the machines
 No, no
 So zavia roberts the person who invented he's mentioned on the side of the box and correct in your
 controversial highly controversial
 21 year old art student when he first
 Notices that there is a german technique king of needle molding and he sees a lady called martha nelson who is
 Making these doll babies and he goes oh that looks really interesting
 She has adoption papers for the babies. Um, she has original names for the babies
 He goes off changes the technique ever so slightly
 But it was very much lifted from what this woman was doing and then he kind of went off and ran with it and got all the
 Credit for creating this new style of doll. Yeah, because basically she made this doll, right?
 She was selling them to him because he owned a gift shop
 And then he wanted to up the price. She refused and so refused to give him any more dolls
 And so he said well, I'm just going to make them myself then basically that's what happened
 And did he want to mass produce them a bit more because he did yeah
 And then the official website says that he was into needle molding
 And that he learned quilting skills from his mother and all that kind of stuff
 It seems very much. It does. You know, yeah
 So what we're saying is that the side of the box here where it says that the bunny bees
 We're saying they're not involved at all
 No, I think one really weird thing about this this doll. I mean, there's a lot of weird things about this doll, but supposedly
 There's a guy called zavia
 And he runs a hospital that looks after these
 Cabbage babies until they're adopted. That's the guy we're talking about zavia
 But if you look at any of these things
 He's signed all the buttocks showing us the doll's butt. If you look at the bum of the doll
 His signature is on the bum. Really? And I think that's kind of a weird thing for someone running a hospital to do to their babies
 Well, it's like those surgeons, isn't it?
 So, you know, there's surgeons sometimes they get in trouble because there are a few surgeons who've got in trouble for burning
 Their initials on a patient's liver, you know, mid-operation and then it turns out you've just, you know
 And it's kind of I guess it's a fun joke
 But that's effectively what zavia appears to have done on all these ties
 Well, maybe sign them with pen and they went off and got it tattooed afterwards
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, it could have been their own decision, you're right. In 2020 bringing in trolls, my favorites
 There was one, uh, it was called the poppy and sing doll, I think
 And basically she had a little button on her tummy that you would press her and she'd be like
 "Ray, let's do a song" or something
 Um, but she also had a button underneath her so that when she sat down she would say other things
 But that happened to be right, right in the crotch, like right, right in the gusset
 Um, it was where that button was located and most of the sounds that she made when you pressed that
 were gasping
 Her going "Oh" and "Weee!"
 Yeah, like it's just sound effects
 So there was a, um, there was a petition to recall it by a lot of furious parents who said that it would be grooming
 Children, yeah, we've got room on this doll for two buttons. Okay, we've got the tummy one great belly button brilliant
 Can anyone think of where we should put the other button?
 You know the hand
 Play-doh had a their play-doh mountain cake
 Cake mountain, sorry the play set that came out
 Recently for Christmas, but the extruder, you know, it looks like a syringe
 That you would put the play-doh in to do the icing on the cake is incredibly phallic like
 If I like enough that it definitely wasn't a mistake
 Children won't understand but you know
 Is there like the equivalent of beat deafness where you're just
 Yeah, and sexual in your window blindness. Yeah to bias and arrest of development way
 Understand all those innuendos. Yeah
 I um, I hosted a make-away takeaway on citv, which obviously went so well. They decided to close the channel and
 Um
 But uh, that was an arts and craft show. It was really really fun. But the amount of times they had to stop filming because they go, uh
 It's looking a bit phallic like anything that you would make
 Anything like event because anything you make there's something there's usually a moment where you have to make something that's sort of like sausage
 That might be our problem
 She's doing it again
 Close the channel
 Okay, that's it. That is all of our facts. Thank you so much for listening
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said over the course of this podcast
 We can be found on our twitter accounts. I'm on at shriverland james at james harkin andy at andrew hunter m and beck at beck hill
 Comedian or be chill comedian if you spell it wrong. I actually know you spell it the same, but you just pronounce it differently
 Yeah, uh, or you can go to our group account, which is at no such thing or why not email us on podcast at qi.com
 You can also find all of our previous episodes up on our website
 No such thing as a fish.com
 But why bother listening to our podcast when there's a far superior one out there called the problem squared
 By our guest with us today back hill and also one of our very close buddies mathematician matt parker amazing guy
 Um beck give us a quick run down of the podcast
 Our listeners send us problems and we we solve them matt solves them and I I help
 Are they maths problems or personal problems most of the ones that matt answers uh maths ones and the ones that I solve uh
 Yeah, usually personal or creative
 Like how big a burger can you fit into your mouth? Nice? Cool. And how's it going? It's doing well
 It's doing well, but we have set our sights on we're trying to surpass you guys in terms of positive reviews
 So we're on uh 2000 five star reviews on spotify at the moment. You guys are on 11 000
 So we've set our sights on trying to beat you
 We've told people not to then give you less than five stars. Okay. We've just told them to not vote for you at all
 Give us five stars. Okay. Cool. That's a backhanded compliment. I've got a problem. I'm going to be writing into your show with beck
 All right, we'll do check it out also beck's brilliant kids books horror heights. They're amazing the third one's coming out very very soon
 Uh, just come out. Yeah dead dead ringer dead ringer. Check that out as well
 And uh come back next week for another episode of the two star reviewed
 No such thing as a fish. We'll see you then. Goodbye
 Bye
 You
 You
 You
 (upbeat music)
