 Hi everyone, welcome to this week's episode of no such thing as a fish coming to you live from my editing suite straight to your ears
 We are all on holiday this week having a nice relaxing time
 Enjoying the great British weather and so what we have for you is one of our
 Compilation specials loads of fun bits from the last few months that didn't quite fit into the show
 But a really funny really stupid really just does messing around these are always my favorite episodes by the way
 I absolutely love them
 I genuinely think some of the best bits of fish that we've ever done have been in these conflations
 But it's all sorts of bits all sorts of subjects loads and loads of facts loads and loads of fun
 We really really hope you enjoy it. We will be back next week with a normal episode with a very special guest
 More on that next week, but for now I guess all there is to say is on with the podcast
 Hello and welcome to another episode of no such thing as a fish a weekly podcast coming to you from four undisclosed
 Locations in the UK. My name is Dan Shriver
 I am sitting here with Anna Tyshinski James Harkin and Andrew Hunter Murray and once again
 We have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts from the last seven days and in a particular order here
 We go starting with you Andy
 My fact is that after his death Anton Chekov was brought back to Russia in a refrigerator wait in over fridge awaited well
 Well
 Bugs Bunny's gonna be doing my thing for me. I had a friend who used to sleep with his eyes open, so
 Every now and then we'd be sat in the front room like you know
 Playing video games or something or just chatting and then we'd be like oh rich hasn't spoken for a while
 He'd be sat there with his eyes open and it turned out he was asleep
 Are you sure he wasn't just trying to avoid talking to you
 Clever way
 He did sometimes talk in his sleep and say shut the fuck up James
 We had just in the sort of modern-day theater version of that James and I got a behind-the-scenes tours of the Harry Potter and the
 Curse child set which is the play and in the West End in London and
 It we were told at the time that it takes about a million pounds a week to run the whole production
 There were so many different little bits and pieces that go into putting it on and one of the things that they have is
 There's a moment where
 Two of the characters need to emerge from a lake and they've built under the stage a massive water tank
 So on the payroll for the Curse child are two scuba instructors who go inside with these kid actors
 And they have a they have a little mouth breather on and then they come up through the stage
 Completely soaking so it's like this body of water, but that's how
 Can I just say I was on this tour with Dan and he's talking rubbish. It's all magic
 Completely magic and the reason I know that is because when you go backstage you can see all the ones
 backstage and they're plugged in to the
 Electricity so you know that it's definitely working. I didn't know you needed to charge a wand. They're all Bluetooth
 No
 Sorry, I don't understand why these children had to be submerged in water before they came on stage
 Was it just so they looked wet? No, no, they came up through the floor of the stage
 So it was a tank built underneath the stage. So they were coming up
 You but why are they in that right?
 Plot coming out of a lake. Oh
 They're coming out of a lake. Sorry. I missed that bit. Right. Well, that makes sense. I
 Actually went to see the play so I should remember that
 But I did leave at the interval
 It's literally just before the interval. It's the last thing you would have seen
 Well, I remember because Anna, you came out saying there's a fucking lake in this one alone a bullshit. Why are they so wet?
 Why are they so wet?
 I don't understand how they did it. I can't my brain can't fathom
 Do you know who is the highest grossing actor of all time?
 I got sent this by our friend Justin Gaynor on email yesterday. He asked me if I knew
 So the highest grossing actor so what this means is if you're in a movie
 They add the entire amount of money that that movie has made to your amount
 So it's brilliant who's been in the most very very high-profile movies in history
 I think it was the guy who I mentioned a few episodes ago Frank Welker
 Scooby-Doo and the Grinch he did the dog in the Grinch think about that the Grinch is big
 But it's not the biggest think about the biggest movies of all time
 Andy Circus has been in the biggest movies of all time as CGI guy. So what's your what are you naming as biggest movies there?
 Avatar Lord of the Rings
 think bigger
 Bigger than that even
 King Kong and Lord of the Rings Star Wars I guess have we heard of this person or is it?
 Yeah, you've had a few extra and it's got the best chance to get this I would say but you are my is it someone who plays
 Harrison Fredby background II
 Yes, yes
 Someone in Jackie Chan films. No, no thick. What's the biggest grossing movie of all time? I was Titanic. No
 Ben her
 It's a new movie with the wind is fair, but I'm talking about actual money's adventures
 Okay, and almost all of the top 20 are Marvel films base. Yes, so Robert Downey Jr. Is no
 Someone who's been in all of them John Favreau. No
 Samuel L. Jackson. He's that he's number two. He's number two, but he's not been in all of them is a Stan Lee Stan Lee
 Because he is in a tiny cameo in every single Marvel movie up until he died and the couple after he died as well
 And so if you add up all of those amounts, then he is the biggest of all time
 And he was in more rats as well Kevin Smith's movie
 I'm not sure if he was in Little Doritz, but he might have been
 At the moment right now there are 200 spy albatrosses in the world
 Which are flying around logging illegal fishing vessels. This is very cool
 Fishermen hate albatrosses famously
 They do the H and mariner and stuff. So now they have good reason to hate them. They do have good reason. Yeah
 The French National Center for Scientific Research
 It fitted them with little GPS trackers because it's like there are so many illegal fishing boats out there
 But they and they switch off their their unique ID systems to try and take over all by all fishing boats
 Have a sort of radio ID system and if you're fishing in illegal waters, then you turn it off
 But the the birds cover so much ground
 You know, they can see a fishing boat from 20 miles away and they can pick up the the GPS signals that these
 boats aren't able to switch off and in the first six months of the trial
 They found 353 fishing vessels in that time of which one third had their ID systems switched off
 Implying that they were up to no good and fishing in illegal waters. So this could be a this could be a useful
 Technique and do they so but they're doing it unwillingly the albatrosses, right?
 I think they ever get together and say I hate this bloody, you know monitoring collar. They've put on me
 It's a real it's a real albatross around my neck
 Very good. They find that very offensive actually Anna
 Didn't see for such a long time where you were going with that. I knew I'd have to see it all the way through it was
 It's just not quite common parlance enough that you don't have to finish it off
 Um, there's only one other thing I know about cheetahs. Um, and it's that this is a really strange thing
 It's that um, if you if you have cheetahs in a zoo, you have to be really careful to pick up their poos because
 They there's a particular disease which is spread via cheetah feces and normally they have massive ranges
 And you know, they never come across their own poos again. Well, obviously that's not the case in a zoo
 um, but in the wild
 Scientists study them by their poos and but it's a real problem because cheetah families all poo at the same time
 So if well, they do say a family that poos together stays together, don't they?
 It's really a nightmare. So you've got a cheetah family
 You're a scientist observing them and it gives you the dna and you can work out who's fathered whom
 Which is really interesting because cheetah females make with lots of different males and then produce a letter
 You know, you can have three different cubs in a letter by different three different fathers
 So it's useful to know who's fathered whom for your studies
 But obviously they spread out and do their mass poo at the same time
 You have to photograph all the cheetahs as they poo you have to map the poos
 Then you have to assign the right poo to the right cheetah and then you can study them by the dna
 I remember growing up in quite a large family and every morning it was a bit of a stress to see
 Who could get in for a shower first
 Imagine the jeopardy if you all have to poo at the same time
 That is oh my god, thank you
 If I've just had a vindaloo
 And I you know, I've got my seven siblings there and I'm saying I'm absolutely desperate guys. Are you ready yet?
 Well, I have to wait sort of seven hours until one of them is managing to crimp one out
 It's very stressful
 And then do you see that's why sometimes when you're wandering through Africa you see bags hanging on trees, don't you?
 Yeah, the cheetah scientists who've left those poo bags there and they always claim they're going to come back and pick them up
 You know in recent podcasts and I was mentioning to us how Stephen king is the master of just taking anything
 And turning it into a horror story no matter how ridiculous. He just knows how to do it
 So have you guys heard of the Stephen king story the mangler?
 No, no, and this this was made into a movie
 Um, the story is about a police detective investigating a sudden rash of deaths caused by an industrial laundry press
 And this is a laundry press that has become possessed by a demon
 So the the villain in this actual story is a laundry press itself going around killing people. Yeah
 Um, he can go around
 Well, actually he's more interesting to me. He's in he's in he's in his is in laundry room
 So no, uh, so you're safe if you don't go in the laundry room
 Yeah, that's a good strap line for the film
 In fact, I suppose you're you're kind of probably safe as long as you don't put yourself into the mango
 Right. Yeah, it's not it can't really be able to the mango must have some kind of independent movement where it can attack you
 Right. How how's it might it's well, it might know it might lure you in it might be like
 Hey, hey come you know, it might it might speak and get you to go to it or something like that
 But I see what you're saying james. It's like we're all we're all safe from charles bronson unless we go into his cell
 Like that's you're right. Just don't go into his cell. It's a terrifying thought to leave us all with
 Well, they were they were very dangerous though mangles
 So in a way, this sounds like it was more historical documentary than his classic horror
 Um, they were people used to get injured all the time
 I was reading a book that was called save women's lives the history of washing machines
 Uh, which was written in 2003 about how um, and it went it was a by a guy who runs a museum about washing machines
 And he said whenever he showed people around at least one older person would reveal a scar they had for a mangle
 At some point so every you know every time he had one woman who was like
 Oh, yeah and revealed a huge bald patch on her head from where she was scalped by it
 Because they'd be steam powered quite often and then electric of course. So you couldn't stop them
 So if you got your hair caught in a mangle, that's your scalp
 Then why are all these people who presumably have PTSD from being mangled in a mangle going to a mangle museum?
 It's um stock on syndrome, isn't it?
 They've fallen in love with their mangler
 Wow, you see Stephen King finger on the pulse. There's obviously a huge market for this
 I gotta say that honestly like you always tell us how great Stephen King is and then you regale us with some bullshit story
 That makes no sense at all
 Diane Keaton just a bit of celebrity trivia. Yeah, Diane Keaton wore clothes pegs on her nose to try and make it thinner
 Never had any surgery plastic surgery, but in many ways. This is a kind of surgery
 She said in an interview that she did it and the only other person I can find who ever did that was meg and little women
 Who used to sleep every night with a peg on her nose to make her nose thinner? I don't think it worked for either of them
 But she must have got the idea from little women, right? That's but unless she got it from a cartoon
 Because that's the only other people I could think could do that. Yeah, which pegs on this when she was a child, Anna
 No, no when she was a young woman. Yeah, if you watch Annie Hall again, Andy, you'll see
 Diane Keaton has a peg on her nose
 Not the new ones. They've CGI'd it out. But yeah the original
 Anna, did you read that fact while reading about sylvio saba by any chance?
 I didn't actually
 Well, he's got a he can teach
 Meg
 From little women and Diane Keaton
 I think I'll do because he has the record for the most clothes pegs on his face at the same time in one minute
 Actually, the most clothes pegs added to the face within a minute. All right. Has it a guess?
 Uh
 Well, I don't think maybe my skin isn't stretchy enough
 But I can only imagine being able to get three or four on mine before it gets too stretched out
 I'm going to be honest the Guinness World Record is higher
 Yeah, but I didn't expect whether you asked me or when I said what I could do I wasn't thinking well, you know
 When you say how fast did Usain Bolt run the 100 meters? I don't think well
 I could do it in about 15 seconds. So probably about the same if it's a world record holder
 It's going to be better than me. It is better. It is five
 five
 Okay, let's be serious seven
 Okay, thanks guys. Um, it's 51 in a minute 51. That's almost one a second
 I know and I'm amazed at just the speed of adding them never mind how stretchy his skin is
 Yeah, but um, he he has a bit of form because he's one of these guys who has loads and loads of records
 So he's also got he's got about 200 records
 He's got the record for most underpants pulled on in 30 seconds
 Um, you can actually do both of those records at the same time if you had an outdoor clothesline, couldn't you?
 I was really about russian dances and russian balls
 Um, they had a ball season in russia which lasted from christmas until masslennitsa, which is like pancake day
 It was brought in by peter the great
 So they were compulsory if you're in high society you had to go to these balls
 The only way is if you had a serious illness or you were in mourning you could miss the ball
 But otherwise you had to do it
 And then you would do all of these dances you would start with the waltz and then you would do a hungarian dance
 Then you'd do another dance another dance and then the final one was the mesurka
 Which was like a big russian dance where everyone puts their arms around each other, but then you pair off as well
 Uh, and of course anyone who's read anica rena will be very familiar with that kind of thing because of course, um
 When ana came into the ball and she danced with alexie. That was kind of the big
 Sorry, that's a bit of a spoiler. Don't put don't push your luck james mentioned
 There used to be cheaters in america
 Like not pet cheaters, but um real kind of wild cheaters. Uh, well, they're false cheaters, but they're kind of very similar
 And they're called mirror. See mirror synonyx
 They were known as but they died out and the only reason we know about them is because they have in
 Um north america they have pronghorn
 And pronghorn are really really fast and they move in lots of directions and stuff like that
 And the only way that they could have evolved to have run and dodge
 And kind of jump around is if there had been a predator that was chasing after them
 And so they realized that there must be this other thing and so they called it a mirror synonyx
 That's bizarre cheetah. Yeah
 And do we have evidence that this cheetah cheetah existed?
 They haven't quite found the bones or anything yet, but they just have inferred that there must have been a predator
 That was faster than these pronghorn otherwise. Why would they evolve to a get so fast?
 Does it's fun? I think that's a big inference. It's fun
 It's fun going fast. Why do people buy lamborghini's?
 Yeah, well there used to be a predator that had even faster cars than us
 That used to come after us and that's why we evolved lamborghini's. I didn't know that
 Can I quickly tell you one thing? I don't think it'll go anywhere, but um, the first polish language
 Encyclopedia, I just read the other day. I was called noe atene
 Which meant new Athens and their definition of the word horse is everyone knows what a horse is
 [Laughter]
 That's it feels like that was the last article they had to write and they just didn't have the will to do it properly anymore
 It's such a good thing, but apparently and I don't know any Polish obviously, but um, apparently
 Everyone knows what a horse is has become kind of a phrase to mean something that is more obvious than it seems
 Like it looks like a really technical thing, but actually it's really simple
 So, but you still know encyclopedia entry it became a sort of in-joke in Poland. Exactly. That is so good
 There was a um website um movies from men it's called that did a list they went through
 350 films and they did a death count compiling the deadliest actor list
 And this was a few years ago. So it might have changed. I don't know if the expendable movies have been used in this, but um
 So, you know aliens
 We've driven to go into all these incel websites
 There's a top 10 list and who do you think has more kills? Is it Schwarzenegger or Stallone?
 Well, I would have said Schwarzenegger personally
 I think so too. There are a couple of unbelievably silly sort of commando films where so I'll say Schwarzenegger too
 I know you're not allowed to guess on this because
 So it is Schwarzenegger who has as far as I can tell 842 kills
 He ranks number four on the list number six on the list. Can we guess?
 Yeah, yeah go for it. Okay. We heard of number one. Oh and Stallone, by the way has 786 so
 It's um, it's not a huge difference between the two of them. Is it but yeah, who's in at number one with 1296 kills
 I would say it's Moff Tarkin in Star Wars who blows up the planet of Alderaan of course, which I'm guessing now has a very much lower
 population than previously imagined
 Um, okay killing an entire planet. That's good. What about Thanos? Oh, yeah
 um
 I don't know. I can't imagine who'd get it's a dan. You're someone in a war someone in war films, right?
 It can't you can't be including pressing a button on a bomb, right? Otherwise. Yeah, I think this is I think gotta be hand-to-hand
 Hand-to-hand almost so I'll give you who's a bunch. I'll give you three and two
 Number two is Dolph Lundgren with 919
 Two is jet lee with 1076. Is it that guy you like? I know he'll be yeah bruce lee
 Bruce lee must be one. He does not appear on the list. Oh someone like someone who played a famous. Oh jackie chan
 I mean jackie chan. Yeah. No jackie chan doesn't appear on the list either
 Is it someone who pacifists jackie chan likes to keep people alive? Yeah, okay?
 Um, is it picochoo from detective?
 Yeah, there was a bloodbath at movie. I really regret taking my three-year-old to that
 Is it forever? I mean how surprising are we going? Let me give the answer the answer is
 Mila Djokovic
 The only woman to appear on the list of the top 10 in the man list
 With 1290. Oh that's sticking one to the incels, isn't it? Yeah. Yeah, are we talking about evil?
 Resident evil yeah, six resident evil films all of which I've seen
 Have you they're great. They're so good. You're the one who tallied up the kills for the site
 Well, a lot of them are zombies in that those films so but I guess I guess that counts. That's it. I don't know
 Yeah, I don't know what criteria movies for men use
 Regresses there are a search, do you think?
 I had pineapple last night for dinner by sheer coincidence with and the reason I I had it actually with um
 Caramel sauce poured on top that we received as a Christmas present from some people that we work with Anna. Are you okay?
 Sorry, that just sounds like a meal of last resort is what I'm trying to say
 Like we'll use the Christmas caramel sauce and pour it on top of the pineapple
 I mean, it does feel like you had a certain amount of food at Christmas two months ago
 And you're getting to the really last bits of the Christmas buffet
 It definitely has been there for a while. It was the beginning of December
 They sent it I because I hate waste, you know and the pineapple was just going off because no one wants to eat a pineapple
 Um, that's been sitting in our fruit bowl for two weeks because it gets delivered with the fruit delivery
 And this is why you know, there's this thing where um in the 1700s
 People didn't eat pineapples because they were so treasured. They just used them for decoration
 But I think it's just because there's such an ass to break into you can't be bothered. Yes
 They are a bit of a pain
 I always I uh, this is not going to go in but I always make um like a green curry and put it inside the pineapple
 Right, so you scoop out all the pineapple stuff and then you put the green curry inside
 But it is unbelievably difficult to scoop out. It's all right if you slice it up
 It's not that hard, but if you're trying to scoop out the inside, it's completely impossible
 Do eat the pineapple on the side pineapple goes in the curry as well very nice very nice
 And then I save some of it and usually have it with like meats the next day when I use sweet meat
 Because like it goes well with gammon and stuff, doesn't it? Hmm. Yeah classic
 anyway
 Join us join us next week for cooking with harkin
 Yeah
 That's funny. Um
 Who who takes the most uh naps on the planet national in national terms?
 Well, I would have thought like the spaniards maybe yes
 Spain has such a
 Reputation for their siesta's and it's not born out almost 60 never have a siesta
 um Spanish working hours are longer and they tend to sleep a bit less than the rest of europe
 And do you know whose fault it is? Uh, was it like the nazis they're usually supplied for everything, aren't they?
 Yeah, it was it was the nazis
 It's the fascists, but it's the spanish fascists presumably
 Actually, no, it's the german fascists in cahoots with the spanish fascists. So in 1942
 general franco
 Fascist yeah changed the country's clocks in spain to match berlin's time zone in solidarity with hitler
 And uh, no one ever changed them back and so the spain is on central european time or european central time
 Which is the same as warsaw 1200 miles east of there and this is a mad time zone for the country of spain to be in
 Um, it's part of the reason that spanish people work. I mean also the weather and so on but um, you know
 Spanish people tend not to eat until 9 p.m. They don't go to bed before midnight
 There is a whole campaign to get spain back onto gmt
 because spain is just
 Not in the right time zone for the circadian rhythms of the people who live there. Wow
 We would have thought there's a real too strong arguments a it really doesn't work for them in terms of their circadian rhythms and b
 It's got a strong association with fascists. I know ditch it guys
 Can I say one more thing about um soap detergents seeing as this was about dad's house? Oh, yeah
 There is a thing at the moment in, um, europe called the cern axion solar telescope
 And it's that cern and they're trying to find these tiny particles called axions
 Uh, and axions are particles that are a little bit related to the higgs
 Bozan and things like that. They're going to help us explain what dark matter is if we find them
 They were named by a guy called frank will check
 Uh, and the reason that he called them axions is because that was his favorite soap powder that he used
 And he said that it sounded a bit like a subatomic particle, doesn't it an axion kind of sounds like it
 But he said if they find them it will clean up a problem with particle physics
 Lovely
 Nice
 He's also got the best interns name ever, you know, who's going to sort this out? Oh frank will check
 Do the boons you have sex for pleasure or do they just have it for procreation? I don't know
 I don't know pleasure. They seem like fun loving
 Criminals well bonobos do yeah
 Like kind of an in between i don't know bonobo is nearly a nanogram of baboon. Well, that's why I was thinking actually
 Yeah, yeah, I think if any animal is an anagram of another animal
 I'm always disappointed when melons and lemons don't taste the same. I think they kind of should
 Yeah, absolutely. Yeah
 And they've both got boobs and knobs if you sort of break their names down they do yeah, so it's quite sexy
 Yeah, well, we've revealed a lot
 This is this is why lexicographers and zoologists are very different
 It's so nice to leave knowledge out there for the experts
 Any baboon expert is listening won't feel threatened by this podcast, I think
 Um, I think my favorite thing that I found out about air force one is that there was a room temperature
 Button a little dial that was added onto the plane and this was because president johnson when he was vice president
 He kept uh arguing with the crew about lowering and raising the temperature of the cabin
 He was always too cold or it's too hot
 And so they eventually got tired of this and they installed a temperature control in the conference room
 But it was fake didn't work at all
 And so he could go up and change it on his own never changed anything
 But he'd go that's better and sit down and uh think that he'd controlled the weather inside
 Yeah, okay. That's what we call gas lighting and this
 There was a haunted rocking chair in the 50s. Did anyone read about that?
 I read about this devils. No, it was in a blog called strange company, which I can highly recommend
 It's an unbelievably good blog
 And this was an article from the boltermos son of the april the 29th 1950 about a rocking chair with the mind of its own
 and what it was
 Is there was a family called the floyd holidays and they had a rocking chair
 And it just wouldn't stop rocking all the time and it just had rocked nonstop for 37 days
 And it became really really famous and was on tv in america
 We'd go on chat shows and these people would go on chat shows and they'd be like, yeah, we've got a rocking chair
 That won't stop rocking
 And a lot of people kind of went to visit the house
 They almost got rid of it because so many people were coming to visit this haunted rocking chair
 And and some people said that maybe it was um vibrations from the refrigeration motor that was
 Going off right next to it
 But when they moved it to another house it carried on rocking as well
 And then eventually they took it to be on tv this rocking chair and it had to go through an airport
 And some vandals hearing about it ripped it up and kind of looked inside it to see if there was some motors or something like that
 And it was insured for a thousand dollars
 So um, they the insurance company said well, I would give you a thousand dollars
 Or you can have seven hundred dollars and you can keep the chair and that's what they went for but it kind of stopped
 continually rocking at that point
 Uh, and we don't know why it was rocking all the time
 But most people think that perhaps it was you know
 The the legs were in a way that they never quite got in
 You know, but hang on isn't that a perpetual motion machine? Isn't that the thing we're told can't happen?
 Exactly, that's why it's mysterious. That's why it's in the newspapers. I know
 I can't believe all the world's scientists all the brilliant minds have not yet figured out this rocking chair
 I I imagine probably they they had other things to figure out but
 Basically what happened was whenever it started moving
 I assume it just took ages to stop and then other things would get it moving again
 And it just would carry on rocking for ages. I bet I bet they when people came to see it
 They they said right don't go in don't go into the room just yet
 Then as soon as anyone went in the chair was rocking, but also grandpa was just shuffling away from it
 Right, look there. You've seen it's rocking and no one's sitting at it, right? You better leave come on get out
 Get out. You're probably right
 Donald trump obsessed with badges apparently. Sorry. I know we all thought we'd never have to talk about him again
 And I'm bringing it back
 But there was a report near the start of his term that he from within the white house among his staff
 Uh, that said he would constantly be asking ryance prebruss who was his chief of staff at the time about badgers
 And was interrogating him because ryance was from wisconsin, which is the home of the american badger
 I think it's their state animal and he'd say things like do they have personality? Are they boring?
 How do they work? Are they mean to people? He was desperate to know about badgers
 Wow
 There was a badger in the white house wasn't there. I think it was roosevelt had one called josh
 I'm going from memory here
 I think yeah, right?
 Teddy roosevelt. Yeah, because he had almost all animals didn't he collect he was and he had a lot of crazy pets
 I think he might have this is again also from memory
 But was he in wisconsin and like a little girl said do you want a badger?
 And he said yeah, sure and then she went away and ten minutes later came back with a badger
 And then he had to keep her or something awkward. Yeah
 Maybe trump read about that and thought if teddy gets one I want one
 Um, I mentioned it mainly because did you know that um the nickname that scaramucci had for ryance prebus was rancid penis?
 It's amazing that scaramucci only lasted 10 days in a job with his back of making friends
 Oh, I've got a this isn't a gross butterfly. Actually, it's just a weird sex butterfly thing
 Um, which is and it's another american one actually it's in the sierra nevada mountains
 There's a butterfly which has been discovered to be a hybrid of two completely separate species of butterfly
 which at some point shagged each other
 And produced fertile offspring. Oh, that's that's completely counter to the way the tree of life normally works where species split, you know
 Yeah, so this is one of a handful of cases of branches merging
 Wow, is this the beginning of the end? Is this when we all start contracting back down into one single?
 No
 So we're all you know
 This theory is from about four years ago, which is well that we're all going to evolve back into amoebas
 Oh, wow, I forgot and I'd had it before
 I'm consistent
 If not good that I forget what I've said as soon as I say it
 Okay, here's the thing about changing from black and white to color and back again. Yeah, this is mad
 And it's kind of I guess so james's fact is about the
 Israel removing color
 And that was done again in the uk in 1970 by itv who where the staff went on strike
 They went on a three month color strike
 Where they were objecting over their pay rates and so they just started making shows black and white again
 And because these are quite technical shows to be filmed they just refused to work with the color tv equipment
 They switched off the color tubes on the cameras. They were working with and for three months itv just had to go back to black and white because the staff were
 I know so funny. Yeah
 Wow, and then eventually they resolved the strike and they turned they were willing to make color tv shows again
 I wonder if they lost a lot of viewers in that time
 Don't know if they like you know last year when the archers
 Couldn't have covid because it seems to be run by 120 year old persons
 So it was just monologues for about six months and I think you know a lot of people said they would leave the show
 But their listenership has sustained and recovered. So maybe the same
 Great news. Yeah, but it's similar right? Is neither black or white nor color actually the archers obviously
 That's what your imagination is like for me. It's just like the tv's turned off
 But that is true, isn't it some people is that right that some people imagine things in black and white
 I think yeah or dreaming. Yeah dreaming black and white when they grew up with black and white tv, isn't it?
 James, you know that condition that you have the a-fantasia. Yeah, where you can't imagine
 What is it you can't imagine anything that are not images
 Images that are not there. Yeah, I can't imagine. I can't close my eyes and imagine anything
 I was thinking the other day it's very weird that it's called a-fantasia because disney's fantasia is one of the most
 Extravagant colorful imaginative things. Do you know what the prefix a means?
 No
 So absolutely not weird at all when you yeah, when you when you really break it down
 Hey, there was another musical knife that I found
 Which was from switzerland in the early 19th century. It's really gorgeous. It's like an early very basic swiss army knife
 Um, but it's got two blades one for fruit and one for flowers. And if you could imagine a tiny swiss army knife
 What's the difference between those two things? It's like you've got your fruit knife and you're trying to cut a top off the flower
 And you're like this is not working at all. I will tell you I know
 What it's for because the fruit one the fruit blade is guilt and that's so the fruit juice won't corrode it when you slice your lemon
 Fine. I suppose that does make sense
 Exactly. And then the flower one I guess that does there's no problem
 But it's got a musical mechanism inside and this is I think it's from about 1800 and it's got a little clockwork
 Barrel inside and it plays music and this was on the antique shoulder a few years ago
 Sounds incredibly annoying at the dinner table, doesn't it? And it's going to ruin the vibe if you are trying to murder someone
 If you have someone in the heart and it starts playing twinkle twinkle
 Is that what happens at most of your dinner parties? I know it is. Yeah, we've got a very big seller
 There are some industry legends of naming drugs, which I like as well
 Arlene tech is very famous in the biz as the woman who named Viagra
 That was her huge innovation. Yeah, and she did it by speaking to so Viagra is a brand name not a
 Generic name. Yeah
 And she did it by asking a group of urologists what it's like
 What it feels like for men when you've had erectile dysfunction and then it's cured
 And that one of the doctors said imagine a strong stream
 And she combined the word vigorous and the word niagra and came up with Viagra. Ah
 Yeah, really good. Yeah
 The u.s. Can be strict on its rules about like even brand naming, right?
 You've got quite the strong rules of brand naming and the us seems to the us rules seem to basically say
 You're not allowed to suggest that the medicine works
 So there are a few things like there's a hair regrowth treatment called regain
 It's called regain in europe and the rest of the world in america
 It's called row game because you're not allowed to suggest that it's always going to cause your hair to regrow
 I think hair growth stuff is generally
 Oh, it's gorgeous. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, absolutely. They're done. Right. There's another one called which is a stop smoking tablet that you take
 Which is called champics
 And in america is chantix or chantix because champics is a little bit too triumphant. They're like champion
 Exactly, and what if we're not a champion? What if you take them and then you're back on 40 a day by the end of the week?
 It's misleading
 I guess it's a bit like that thing about how digestive biscuits weren't allowed to be called that in america because they don't help your
 Digestion is that right? Yeah
 It's very literal but the champion thing you should be allowed to call your
 Thing like awesome pill even if it's not right like you should just in theory you would have been a quack in the 18th century
 Roll up roll up come and see daniel schreiber's pills of mystery
 Stick them up your bum. It'll make you flow like diagra
 You know the song wap by cardi b. Um, I've read reports about it in the daily telegraph
 There was a republican who was going for congress this time called james p brady
 Who said that every time you heard the song it made him want to pour holy water into his ears
 What's wrong with this song wap? Was it it sounds so wet-ass pussy and it's about um, wow
 Yeah, it's it's about holy water right now. It's an extremely feminist song about women taking charge
 of their sexuality
 That's disgusting james. So that's gonna sound really bad now
 And holy water will only make things wetter. What you need is a holy towel
 Some holy kitchen roll perhaps
 Um, she credits poppie with saving her life who olive oil
 Yes, I'm not who we're talking about
 Oh down ron dolly parton. No, she credits poppie the dog with saving her life
 Oh poppie the dog, of course
 You know the second most famous poppie
 This was she was in the 1980s where she fell in love with someone
 I think didn't have any physical relationship, but she kind of you know, she was married
 But it's a long time. She fancied someone else
 Was upset when he didn't fancy her and she looked at her revolver and it's weird
 She's dolly part such a bubbly cheerful person
 But for a moment she looked at the little gun
 She keeps in her bedside table for when she gets burgled and she thought about
 She thought about killing herself and then she said she heard the little tap tap tap of poppie the dog's feet coming up the stairs
 And she took it as a message from god
 In fact, she told the Times in an interview. Well, you know god is dog backwards
 So I took it as a message from him
 dog's god's little
 Little pockets of friendship. He sends our way
 And it snapped her out of it. Wow. There's one thing
 Physically that we don't know about dolly
 Which is
 What her arms are like
 So she always despite wearing spending, you know, 50 years wearing very tight or very revealing costumes in lots of ways
 She's always got sleeves
 She's got very long sleeves on and there is a there is a conspiracy theory and even saying that I've talked about way too much
 There is a slight small tiny subsection of fan belief that she's absolutely covered in crazy tattoos
 you know from wrist to shoulder and
 Uh, it's possible, but she has she's been asked about it and she's denied
 Um, in fact, she she's quite a clever denial where she she only actually denied that she has snake tattoos
 So we know her arms are not covered in snake tattoos, but um, they might be there might be all sorts of other tattoos on her
 We don't know there are other types of tattoo. Yeah, so many others
 I've just googled dolly parton. Yeah images. Yeah, I can see her arms
 Her arms are here. She's handy. Come on, for example
 She may have got the tattoos after she did the playboy cover recently. She was that's what I'm saying possible
 I'm I have to say I've now done what dan's done and maybe it's our different search preferences
 But I can't see any naked arms in any of these pictures
 All his naked arms. There we go
 Put in dolly parton playboy because that's a famous thing that she did and she's asked to do again for her 75th birthday
 Which has now happened and I don't think it's happened for her that she's back on the cover
 but she was a playboy model and
 And yeah her arms
 I've just googled dolly parton's arms
 Uh, and there are a few definitely a few images relatively recent. All right guys
 We don't have to just you know, she there is such a thing as arm makeup. Can I remind you? Yeah tattoos
 Yeah, and I don't like us just google image searching my admittedly quite weak fact about dolly parton's arms
 I'm amazed by the fact that there's such a thing as arm makeup
 Again, please please don't google whether or not arm makeup. So I'm just gonna do that
 Is there a such thing as is there a such thing as arm makeup?
 We are definitely is they do it for movies, don't they they do it for movies all the time
 Yeah, but you wouldn't sell arm makeup in a separate section of the shop to leg makeup
 Is leg makeup a thing
 I'm not saying leg makeup is a thing. I'm being just in oh no, I'm being
 I'm being corrected in real time and dan it feels horrible. I don't know how you
 It's not nice. It's long. You get used to it though. You do you eventually learn to love it
 300 more episodes of it Andy and you look tough
 Here's a fun thing
 About sunglasses and tanning. Oh, yeah
 There is a theory that if you don't wear sunglasses
 You can get a tan even though you're wearing suntan lotion and you you know wearing clothes
 so
 There's a theory that just exposing your eyes to light
 That will help you tan and this is really this is based on an experiment in mice
 So I don't think an equivalence has been done on humans as far as I know. Basically, I can tell if a mouse is tanned
 Well, you just shave it. I guess you shave it. Yeah, thanks. Sorry. So this was an experiment in 2000
 And the scientists involved they they dressed mice in tiny suits of aluminium foil
 Adorable middle little mini mouse armour and they gave them holes for the eyes
 Okay
 So they had your armour mice and then they had normal mice and they exposed both sets of mice to UV light for a year
 And then they looked at their skin and it turned out that both sets of mice
 Even the ones which had been wearing suits of armour all year
 Had similar amounts of melanin in their skin implying that it was the exposure of the eyes
 That was the thing which was giving them the melanin
 Does that also if you take that in the other direction, if you go sunbathing with your eyes closed, then you won't get a tan
 Yeah
 People have suggested that no people think and it's it's well because it's online
 I think probably off the back of this experiment people think that if you wear sunglasses
 Then your body will be tricked into thinking that it's not sunny and so it will not produce melanin and so you'll get burned really badly
 And I so and it's weird. No one's properly debunked this yet
 But there was a molecular biologist who has asked this who said that it is not your eyes
 At least in humans that trigger the hormone response in the pineal gland which make you produce melanin is your skin
 So it definitely doesn't happen in humans. I don't in mice clearly different different setup going on
 But don't worry wearing sunglasses is not a substitute or a counteraction of sun tan green
 I love just jumping back to andy's description quickly of the mice. It's such a fine line, isn't it between
 What you would say is animal cruelty in the kind of way you tell a story
 A lot of people would be like and for a year they dress them up in tin foil these poor mice
 But andy's sort of going it's a they look like cool little knights. They look they had a fun time
 You're the kind of guy andy they would hire
 For movies just so they can say no animals were hard during the making of this movie
 All the animals had a whale of a time in the making of this movie except the whales
 It was terribly mistreated
 I like this one. I found one drug that's called um anakinra
 Which is a balm that you put on your neck if you've just had it knocked off by a train
 It's actually for arthritis. Yeah. Oh, it's a real thing. Oh, yeah
 You never of course never lived to experience arthritis
 I found out a nice term
 This is just a bit of drug industry slang and it's when a drug is no more effective than a placebo
 And with the term for that is crossing the futility boundary
 Because literally the drug is completely pointless. It doesn't do any better than a placebo drug. So yeah
 You've crossed the futility boundary. So you can use that in day-to-day life now
 Hopefully we're not we can't buy many of these drugs, right? Surely they're not being approved
 Uh, oh, I just mean in day-to-day life. You can say in your own activities
 I've really crossed the futility boundary on this
 Whatever activity
 Broaden out like if you're watching a tv series in your three seasons in you're still not enjoying it
 Do you think we've crossed the futility boundary of this section of the podcast? I think the podcast in general some years ago
 The texas theme reached number six in the uk charts in 1992 and andrew lewis webber was the man behind it
 I bought it. I remember. Did you really? Yeah. Yeah, andrew lewis webber
 Composed the tune. No, he remixed it didn't he? It's a russian folks on. Yeah. Yeah, is it? It's by nicolai necrosof
 You speak russian james. Can you can you give us a little excerpt possibly just because I did it because I did it
 off my curly rod
 I'll try i'll try so he goes
 Nice one
 So angeloid webber then took that very well known traditional tune and passed it off as his own sounds very unlike him
 Oh, my goodness. Yeah, musical industry. That's just a little just a little slam from having listened to too many
 Lloyd Webber soundtracks over the years. Wow
 It's also rendering this podcast completely legally unstable
 Okay, that's all of our facts apologies for my singing
 Um, if you would like to get in contact with me and tell me how terrible my voice is you can get in touch with me
 On at james harkin you can get in touch with andy on at andrew hunter m
 You can get in touch with dan on at schreiberland and if you want to speak to ana you can email her on
 Podcast at qi.com. Of course, there is a group account on twitter
 Which is at no such thing and if you'd like to learn anything more about the show get some merchandise
 Maybe get some tickets to come and see us live then you can get all that information at no such thing as a fish dot com
 Okay, we'll see you next week. Good. Bye
 You
 You
 You
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
