 [Instrumental]
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming
 to you from the QI offices in Covenant Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber, I am sitting here with Andrew Hunter Murray, James Harkin, and
 Anna Chazinski, and once again we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite
 facts from the last seven days and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with you, Chazinski.
 My fact this week is that in Amsterdam, the roads are paved with used toilet paper.
 Let's catch his gold.
 Yeah, Dick Wittington is very different there, and this is a really cool thing actually.
 So the road constructor in the Netherlands called KWS has realised that to make a kind of
 improved version of tarmac, it can use the cellulose that it gets from recycled toilet paper,
 so the toilet paper goes into the sewage system, you flush it into the sewage system, and
 then they basically put it through kind of a sieve which gets the poo out.
 That's important.
 That's a really important stage of this whole process.
 It is, you don't want to be driving on poo.
 No.
 Or walking on it, after a night out in Amsterdam, none of those things.
 There's no poo in it, it's just paper and it thickens it apparently, so and it makes it
 better absorbing water, so it improves it's like water wicking away from the surface of
 the road, so it makes the roads less slippery, and apparently it reduces noise as well.
 It's very quiet if you're walking on loop roll.
 Right.
 That makes sense.
 So what's it mixed with?
 It's not just the toilet paper that's just laid down.
 No, it's with asphalt.
 It's the usual.
 Okay.
 It's usually ingredients.
 I found a fact about what else you could make a road out of.
 You could make a road out of rubber, which is cool, so it's like the whole road is made
 of tires.
 If you're walking on that, you think it'd be easier to walk because you could bounce
 around.
 I think so.
 Yeah.
 They have to use tires, by the way, not just rubber, but actual ground up tires.
 Sorry.
 This is what I mean.
 Yellow stuff like that.
 Oh, I didn't know it was in Yellowstone.
 They partnered up with Michelin, I believe it was, and they've, yeah, been grinding up the
 tires.
 But then the tires on the cars are basically riding over the dead comrades.
 Exactly.
 It's a bit depressing, isn't it?
 Very dark.
 Is it the case then that we can just put anything in the roads?
 Should we just be putting everything we don't need in the roads?
 So far, we've got plastic rubber, toilet paper, nuclear waste.
 Nuclear waste.
 Nuclear waste.
 What are we doing?
 Why is there even rubbish?
 Every time we chuck a packet out of the car.
 We're literally on tarmac.
 You cigarette butts?
 Oh, well, do you know this is a weird thing.
 Lots of roads in London, we used to be paid for with wood.
 Good.
 And that was good partly because it was quieter under horses hooves.
 And also, it was less slippery, but it did have downsides because it would soak up horse
 urine.
 And then if a heavy wagon passed over it would just squirt horse urine.
 That is a downside, isn't it?
 A place that has some quite exciting roads is Vermont.
 So Vermont is covered in invisible roads.
 Sorry.
 Covered.
 Covered.
 Covered.
 Covered in non-existent roads.
 And it was causing a major problem.
 So basically, Vermont is the only state where if a road has ever been built or even planned
 or someone suggested that we might put a road here, it goes down legally as a recognised
 road.
 And it can never be undone.
 So mostly a road is discontinued legally after a few years if it's not being used.
 So if you look at sort of old maps of Vermont, it's just the whole thing, it's just roads.
 And that means because roads are public highways, that means that you can have your house.
 It's probably on an ancient by way of some sort.
 And people could just wander through your house any time of day because they can say look
 at this old map from 1790, this used to be a road.
 And people were getting really annoyed with this.
 So I think they've actually had to address it.
 And there was a law that came out in about 2009 which said, okay, guys, you've got to stop
 claiming there's an old road here so you can walk into this person's drawing room.
 And places were told to claim their roads or lose them by 2015, I think.
 It's only that one guy who goes, oh, excuse me, that used to be a road here.
 It's got a million maps in fact.
 I've got to go somewhere.
 Do you know how white lines on roads came about according to the internet?
 So I would say it's to make sure that people stay on their side of the road.
 It was that.
 Yes.
 But they were invented.
 Well done.
 10 points.
 They were invented in 1911 in Michigan by I called Edward Hines.
 And this is just the kind of thing that with research is so annoying because the Michigan
 Department of Transportation and all these books say Edward Hines at the time he was chairman
 of the county board of roads.
 And he came up with the idea of putting white lines in the middle to stop cars just driving
 in the middle of the road.
 He came up with the idea after watching a leaky milk truck make its way down the road.
 Now you read that and you're like, that's obviously not true.
 He just thought, because the question is, why not?
 Why did he choose white?
 Well, because obviously you just choose white on black because if it was like a leaky
 chuck with milkshake truck, he would have brown lines.
 There's just, and there's no evidence for it.
 I always wonder who comes up with these things first.
 Who decides?
 Did he not clap?
 Well, there's certainly no evidence online of him crying over spilled milk, let's make
 a line out of it.
 But you say white being the obvious, but so at the time when they officially recognize
 that, yes, we want to put this on all the roads in America and white was picked, Oregon
 said we want to do in yellow and they thought that that was a much better color.
 Someone saw someone pissing on a road.
 Yeah, but they eventually did change it to yellow strips in America for the center parting
 of a road.
 Oh, is it yellow in a road?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 You get yellow lines here and then red lines, which are the really serious ones.
 So there are.
 What are the serious ones?
 I don't drive.
 So I don't.
 I don't know.
 I don't know if on a road I mean, really don't park here.
 Yeah.
 Yellow means you're probably fine.
 Right.
 So road, which means like, it's roads going in and out of big cities where you really
 do not want anyone ever parking that technically on a yellow lines, you can park there for
 like 10 minutes.
 Okay.
 If you're loading, you're unloading.
 Is that so?
 Yeah.
 Someone swatted up for their theory test, didn't they?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So I can see you failing it.
 Well, technically though.
 Technically, I have a lot to drive through this bad front room.
 And who wants to take the QIL phone is next driving to Jesus.
 Something I've always found really amazing about road surfaces is a fact about Bitumen, which
 I remember finding this out in the end series when I was researching the Nabatean, so with
 this amazing Middle East and civilization, but basically the reason they were like the
 richest civilization from about 500 BC to 200 BC in Arabia.
 And they got rich by selling tarmac.
 And the way they got tarmac was they were near the Dead Sea.
 And this weird thing happened when there was an earth tremor of some sort, huge amounts
 of Bitumen would just suddenly bubble up to the surface of the Dead Sea.
 So these massive islands of Bitumen just appeared and they would sit there like the size
 of houses.
 And then the Nabateans would just row or swim out to them, climb onto them, and hack the
 Bitumen off and then go and sell it and they sell it to the Egyptians who used it in
 embalming.
 And they became super rich.
 And I just find that whole thing, like islands of tarmac, sort of exploded up.
 That's amazing.
 And I think the word mummy comes from Bitumen because of that thing, I think, I think so.
 Does it?
 It comes from a word for Bitumen.
 Yeah, yeah.
 I wonder why it stopped.
 Presumably it stopped.
 I think it ran out.
 Wow.
 I think they got all of it.
 They scavenged all the, all the Bitumen.
 Speaking of things that came out of the ground unexpectedly.
 Subströmling.
 A man in the dutch city of Amsterdam has recently been injured after a pop-up public
 toilet that was sunk into the ground emerged unexpectedly.
 The man was hit by a moped, which was thrown up in the air.
 So there's like a toilet that just comes out at night for revelers and stuff like that and
 they keep it underground normally.
 But just for some reason, it just popped up and there was a moped on top of it and it flew
 in the air and it hit this guy.
 Wow.
 So cool.
 How fast do they pop up?
 Is it going to blow as they swing out around like a Japanese ball?
 Amazing.
 That's terrifying.
 I've got a fact about toilet paper, actually, while we're on toilets.
 This is another thing you can make toilet paper out of.
 You can make it out of milk.
 What?
 Yeah.
 There's a company, I think it's a German and an Italian company.
 They teamed up, one made fabrics and one was a design company or something.
 Anyway, they made this thing, which is called Kareza Delatte, which is milk caress.
 And it uses a protein, which they extract from sourd milk.
 So it's a waste milk.
 If the cow has been ill and you can't sell the milk to customers.
 How do you get sour milk?
 No, no.
 If I have a normal milk and it going off, it's not like, oh, this milk is off, it must have
 been a sick cow.
 Sorry.
 If they take the normal milk from sick cows and then it sows.
 All right.
 Okay.
 The separate thing.
 So it's waste milk.
 So the farmers can sell it for a very small amount, not for the drinking milk price.
 But then you can turn it into toilet paper, which I guess you can also eat.
 So you can, if you're hungry on the loo, you can just eat a bit of this milk toilet
 for a sick cow.
 I don't want to eat milk.
 Milk lear over my sick cow.
 But wait.
 Is milk bad if it's from a sick cow?
 Yeah.
 That was another thing I was thinking.
 Like I'd never thought of that.
 I don't.
 It depends how sick I guess.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 It depends what's in the.
 It depends what bacteria are in the milk.
 It depends what's in the milk.
 It depends what bacteria are in the milk.
 It depends what's in the milk.
 It depends what's in the milk.
 It depends what's in the milk.
 It depends what bacteria are in the milk.
 It depends what's in the milk.
 It depends what's in the milk.
 It depends what bacteria are in the milk.
 It depends what's in the milk.
 That toilet, I've never seen the one James you were talking about earlier that comes through the ground.
 That's a problem you don't see.
 It's the last minute.
 Yeah.
 And they're very good.
 They're good for women.
 They make them.
 So the ones in London that you see are purely urinals for men.
 But these ones can be used by women.
 And they've just.
 They seem to have innovations for toilets that are sort of groundbreaking.
 There's an amazing one.
 You guys remember the.
 Yeah.
 In that case.
 Yeah.
 Remember the little fly that got used on a urinal for men?
 Yeah.
 It's that a urinal would have a little drawing of a fly in the center of it.
 And that would encourage men to try and aim to hit the fly.
 I saw that, unfortunately.
 There was also a fly in the room flying around.
 So I kind of chased him around with a chance of urine.
 That was.
 Yeah, I was not pretty at all.
 Not welcome back to that restaurant.
 But yeah, so that was that was debuted in the 90s in Amsterdam's airport.
 Yeah, shifl, isn't it?
 Yeah, and shifl.
 Yeah.
 And that's now used globally to help the reduce spillage that happens in a lot of bathrooms.
 That's good.
 Yeah.
 In the Netherlands, making waves in toilets.
 Basically, I think we've learned from this.
 Another bit of neverland toilet technology.
 Oh, yeah.
 Rotterdam has a revolving toilet.
 Well, that sounds extremely disconcerting.
 Can you think of what that might be?
 Is it a public toilet?
 Yeah.
 It's not a revolving restaurant.
 Nope.
 Okay.
 Is it because they couldn't afford a door.
 So it's a way of turning your back on people while you we.
 So they can't see you.
 Really good idea.
 They'd still be able to see the back of your head.
 Does it have a big sail on top and whichever wind direction is prevailing?
 The toilet face is that way.
 For what reason?
 So that the we doesn't blow back at your face.
 Exactly that reason.
 No, not that.
 It's because it's got two toilets in it.
 And so you use one of them.
 And then you walk out.
 And there's a detection that can tell there's no person in it.
 And then it flips around the two toilets and it can clean the other one.
 While the other toilet.
 So the previously clean one is now in that place.
 Do you know what I mean?
 Yes, yes.
 Does that make sense?
 Well, I'm inside one toilet.
 Is someone else going to be cleaning the other toilet and I have to wait for them to finish that?
 I think it's kind of robotic cleaning.
 Right.
 So yeah.
 So you're there and you use the toilet and then you leave and then it flips around.
 So there's now a clean toilet there and the old one is being cleaned by a robot.
 Possibly.
 That's great.
 It's not a human.
 I've mentioned it to a crowd that you just hear your voice go.
 Oh, jeez.
 That's right.
 Oh, man.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two and that is Andy.
 One frequent result of winning the lottery is going bankrupt.
 This also applies to people who just live near people who have won the lottery.
 Very good.
 So it's so unfair.
 What I mean, neighbors of lottery winners tend to go bankrupt basically.
 It's doubly unfair, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 Really?
 Why?
 Well, because you've not won the lottery and you've gone bankrupt.
 Yeah, it is.
 It is doubly unfair.
 Yeah.
 It's weird.
 So why?
 Well, there's a study that's been done by researchers at the University of Alberta in Canada
 and Georgetown and they studied a Canadian province which had 7,000 lottery winners.
 And what they found was in areas where people won the lottery, the bankruptcy rate goes up by 6%.
 This might be because people keep it a secret, the fact that they've won the lottery.
 So people borrow more around them because they want to keep up with the Joneses as it were.
 They're like, "Oh, wow, they've got a yacht."
 I think we better get a yacht and they start borrowing more money and then they take more money.
 Why do we need that?
 We live in the middle of Canada.
 But they take more risks and they borrow more and then they're likely to go bust.
 I suppose it doesn't even have to be a secret, right?
 Even if you know they've won the lottery, if you see them buying something nice, then you want to keep up.
 Exactly.
 And I think one of the studies find that the neighbours would buy conspicuous goods,
 because obviously you're buying goods that you want people to see, you want people to know
 that you're doing as well as those neighbours who've won the lottery.
 So it said they'd buy things like cars, posh cars, but wouldn't spend money on indoor items like furniture.
 I just got a sit in the car if you need to sit.
 Just empty bar and homes.
 Seven Ferrari's outside.
 Wow.
 So I guess a statement making as opposed to, yeah.
 Yeah, exactly.
 It is.
 It's classic keeping up with the Joneses.
 Yeah.
 And it's nearly a third of lottery winners declared bankruptcy according to some estimates, isn't it?
 Wow.
 It's amazing that.
 I think in America, winning the lottery sometimes doesn't mean winning the big prize.
 It can mean winning a smaller amount.
 They just still would call that winning the lottery whereas I think in Britain, if you say I won the lottery,
 you have to win over a million quid, I would say, right?
 Yeah.
 So there are lots of studies.
 There's one which I found debunked saying that 70% of lottery winners go bankrupt, which I think there's not much evidence for.
 That's just too many.
 But I found out the saying that lottery winners are likely to declare bankruptcy within the first five years after winning the prize.
 Then the average American.
 Right.
 Because in the first two years, you're probably fine because you probably haven't spent all the money within two years.
 Yeah.
 I was reading about Britain's first ever lottery.
 So this was over 450 years ago.
 This was in 16th century.
 And the prize was not just money.
 You'd got other items as well.
 So runners up would have a prize.
 So you would get gold jugs or linen.
 And the lottery took three years to do.
 So you took three years to buy ourselves a gold jug.
 Because the next star of just a gold jug.
 But check this out.
 If you just bought the ticket alone and you didn't win anything,
 what that ticket did give you was a prize as well.
 Which was you avoided any kind of arrest.
 You had a pardon.
 You had a pardon.
 As long as it wasn't murder and something that really was, you know,
 you'd stolen someone's entire contents of their house, including their gold jugs,
 you would have a pass on being arrested.
 You take a chance and you get a get out of jail free card.
 Yes.
 Is this that this is Queen Elizabeth, isn't it?
 It is, yeah.
 Because you wanted to raise lots of money for a shipbuilding.
 And I think the legal immunity only applied for a week.
 It was seven days, yeah.
 It was so that you could go in.
 And it was.
 It was if it, so it didn't count if you committed piracy, murder, felonies or treason.
 And it was so that you could go into towns and buy a ticket.
 Because she was desperate for people to buy a ticket.
 It wasn't she.
 And if you went in as a criminal and there was a wanted sign on the door, then people would.
 Oh, wow.
 It was like a version of the purge.
 Like you have this everyone suddenly, seven day window.
 But that's what I was wondering.
 People surely didn't just buy it and then do something illegal.
 Did they?
 That kind of happened.
 I'd steal another ticket.
 Oh.
 After seven days.
 After seven days.
 Perpetual scam.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 But after you stolen the ticket, I'm not sure you're immune anymore.
 Because then you've bought it.
 So I think you're just immune when you go into buy it.
 So I think as soon as you committed that crime, they'd be like, we've got what we want after you.
 There's one that was done, which was in Sweden, which was a speed camera lottery.
 And that was, it was you would buy lottery.
 And it would use all the money that it was generating from people who were going past speed cameras and speeding.
 And access money.
 So it kind of turned it into a thing where you actively wanted to not get caught because you could then win the money from people who were speeding.
 It was a sort of psychological thing.
 Oh wait.
 If you were speeding, were you not eligible to win the speed camera fund?
 I think everyone was allowed to answer that.
 Yeah.
 I think you must have been, you couldn't be excluded.
 Oh yeah.
 You weren't incentivized to not speed.
 You were actually incentivized to speed.
 So there was more fund in the, in the speeding lottery.
 Not really.
 You're only winning your own money back.
 You're more incentivized to egg other people on the speed.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 Just everyone sat in a bus going faster, faster.
 I've kind of been my kid through college.
 We've mentioned, we've previously mentioned the dog poo lottery, haven't we?
 In Taiwan.
 I think we lost it.
 We have.
 It sounds like the kind of thing we went.
 Yeah.
 We had to have a bag of dog poo to get a ticket.
 Oh, okay.
 So is that incentivizing you to make your dogs poo?
 It's incentivizing you to poo in the bag.
 It's really incentivizing.
 Do you think they should, they must have checked.
 I don't think they'd run the strict DNA checks.
 That's not the dog poo lottery.
 Mr. Murray, we notice you don't actually own a dog.
 And yet you've answered this 500 times in the last week.
 We have questions about your diet.
 I was reading about the guy whose job it is to go around and tell people that they've won the lottery.
 Oh.
 Which I think might be one of the best jobs you can have.
 So he's in Britain, he's a guy called Andy Carter.
 And he basically is the person who goes to people's houses once they know they've won and ask what they want to do about it.
 They want to set up a bank account.
 Oh, they already have one.
 Do they want to put their money in it?
 Do they want to keep it under the mattress?
 That kind of thing.
 He doesn't sound very professional.
 Every week he's like, you already have a bank account.
 Wow.
 I've got to get myself one of those.
 Yeah, he gives them various bits of advice and stuff.
 And he's, yeah, so he's called Andy Carter.
 And he says that he often has to go in disguise.
 So he'll often have to go as like an estate agent.
 If I saw Andy Carter rocking up the road now, I'd be like, ah, that's him.
 No one knows what he looks like.
 Oh, why?
 But that would be great to me.
 If you saw Andy Carter walking up to you.
 But if you see him walking up to your neighbour, the point is that 85% of people keep their identity secret because they're all such greedy cars.
 But no one knows what Andy Carter looks like.
 But they see us a big name badge.
 Which I doubt he does.
 He usually dresses as one of those big lottery balls.
 It just has to cover that up with a cloak when he visits.
 You know, if a weird man walks up to your neighbour's door, you'll ask them who?
 I don't think anything about it.
 I don't know my neighbour's.
 I've been London.
 I don't know.
 I've met most of my neighbours.
 Well, people are very nosy in the region.
 I would assume it was one of my neighbours if I saw Andy Carter walking up to you.
 Anyway.
 Andy did say he gets some quite weird people.
 People are so secretive.
 So he said once he had to go and organise the lottery wins with a man who was keeping it secret from his entire family.
 And so he said, he when he visited the man, he said he was pacing around the room and asking me how long the visit was going to take as his wife had popped out to Tesco.
 And he wasn't planning to tell her.
 Oh, God.
 He reassured me they're perfectly happy, very much in love.
 She's just not interested in the money side of things.
 Wow.
 That's pretty dodgy, isn't it?
 Wow.
 As those two are not together anymore.
 No.
 He does always bring his balls with him.
 He says it's one of the first things people want to see.
 Yes, he does.
 No, I think that I do see why he's in, you know, in disguise.
 If weird man comes to the door and they're saying, can I see your balls, please?
 Oh, it must be Andy Carter.
 No, they just do estate agents and they sell things these days.
 Almost a good reason to want to win the lottery, because I didn't test on meeting Andy Carter.
 I'm really weird.
 And I know I think to come dressed is a particular thing as well.
 To bring his balls.
 Yeah.
 They're not his balls.
 They're not his, they're the lottery's balls.
 People always want to see a few example balls.
 They don't want to prove you're Andy Carter.
 Show me your balls.
 Oh, anyway.
 Robert Mugabe won the Zimbabwe and national lottery tickets.
 What?
 Just a fact.
 Where are the chances?
 Did you know that in 2014, 80% of donations to the Scottish Peron Dependence campaign came from one Euro Millions lottery winner?
 No.
 Unbelievable.
 Well, this couple called Colin and Chris Weir and they got 161 million in 2011.
 And they, yeah, they provided 79% of the donations to that campaign.
 That was money well spent.
 Wasn't it?
 [LAUGHTER]
 10% of people who win more than a million pounds by a caravan.
 Do they?
 Yeah.
 10%. There's quite a high proportion.
 That is.
 That's so weird.
 I wouldn't have thought the cost of a caravan was super prohibitive.
 I wouldn't have thought you needed a million pounds to buy one.
 To buy the top end.
 But let's say you win a million quid.
 You could probably give up your job.
 Yes.
 You could give up your job, right?
 Yeah.
 But probably you'd want to go on a lot of holidays.
 But you couldn't go on lots of massive really round the world.
 Gold-plated aeroplane holidays for a million quid, could you?
 You're right.
 So you have to have something where you can go on nice holidays.
 Yeah.
 But you don't have to pay a lot of money for it.
 You could live in a caravan until you died if you had a million quid.
 It's the dream.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Well, I'm giving up jobs.
 I read a really interesting stat, which is that 86% of American lottery winners
 and this is people who've won the jackpot.
 So they've won millions.
 86% of Americans stick with their jobs.
 Whereas in the equivalent in Britain, 41% do.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Are we much lazier?
 Would you, Anna?
 I'd be out of fear like any shot.
 [LAUGHTER]
 God, have I find a five-fire note on the street?
 [LAUGHTER]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 OK, it is time for fact number three.
 And that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that the 10th Correspondence Chess Olympiad,
 which is done entirely by post, took so long to complete
 that the winners of both gold and bronze represented countries
 that no longer existed.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Pretty amazing.
 So funny.
 So this is a competition that is still going to this day.
 I believe they're on the 21st, although online,
 on Wikipedia, it says they're on their 10th.
 So maybe there's a few different governing bodies.
 The ladies' one is on its 10th, maybe?
 Is it right, OK.
 So here's the thing.
 The match that we're talking about
 with the 10th Correspondence Chess Olympiad,
 that started in 1987.
 And it takes years and years to finish the games
 and get to the final and have a winner.
 In fact, the 11th Correspondence Olympiad
 started before the 10th even finished.
 They just get forward and they go, "We want to get going."
 So the winners of the 10th in gold place
 was someone from the USSR.
 And in bronze was East Germany, both of which
 were dissolved countries by the time the winning--
 [LAUGHTER]
 --the winner was announced in 1995.
 But these days, I think, most tournament matches
 are limited to just only two and a half years.
 Yes.
 So these days, if you're still going after two and a half years,
 then an independent arbitrator comes along and says,
 "I think you're winning."
 [LAUGHTER]
 It's amazing.
 So the system, the way it works,
 is that you send a postcard to the person
 that you're playing against.
 And you have three days to make your move
 and send another postcard back.
 So they look at the dates on the postcard.
 But because of the mail taking so long in certain countries,
 you might not receive it for weeks, months even.
 So it's very important that little date
 that sits on the actual postcard itself.
 Yeah, so it's the date that it arrives is when you start,
 which you can just say that is whenever you want, actually.
 Yeah.
 So people have noticed that if people are really struggling
 towards the end, that it seems to take a lot longer
 for the letters to arrive to them.
 Right.
 But then when you send it, that's when the post mark
 is so you can't cheat that one, can you?
 Yeah.
 I really like the idea that you can use--
 you can use help as well.
 Yeah.
 So you can use books or magazines or the internet.
 You can use anything short of running the entire game
 through a chess software program, which is found on--
 It is, I'm banned.
 Yeah.
 But it means that the better players,
 it's a slightly different skill to playing normal chess, isn't it?
 So if you play normal chess, there's time limits.
 Apart from anything in the person you're playing against,
 it just gets really barred and doesn't want to play anymore.
 But in this, because there's not really any time limits,
 well, you say, you know, three days.
 You have 30 days for every 10 moves.
 So you could take, you know, 30 days--
 or 20 days if you want.
 On one.
 I find that really worrying about this.
 I think I would be extremely bad at it, because it's a classic
 encouraging people to leave it to the last minute thing.
 Yeah, you've got 30 days for 10 moves.
 So I know I'd forget about it for 29.5 days.
 And then suddenly, you've got to send, you know, 10--
 I know.
 10 postcards.
 And if you've done your move, yeah, I did mine days ago.
 Yes, exactly.
 Yes, James, come on.
 I'm just going to do this other thing.
 I reckon it's more stressful.
 There's a guy called Croydon H. Jarvis,
 who took eight years to complete one move.
 What?
 How?
 In his defense, it wasn't his fault.
 So he started-- he was a British guy,
 and he started playing Correspondence Chess with a German in 1931,
 and they played a lot together.
 And then in the middle of one of their games,
 the war interrupted.
 And that was--
 It probably wasn't his fault.
 No.
 It was inconvenient for them, though.
 So they couldn't post during the war,
 because postcards were interrupted.
 And for two years afterwards, they couldn't post to each other.
 And then, I think, in 1948, he got a postcard from his opponent
 saying, look, mate, are you going to finish this game?
 Why is I'm planning victory?
 It's amazing.
 And lots of people, even with the postal service,
 wasn't affected.
 They weren't allowed to do it, because people thought they were codes, didn't they?
 Yes.
 I think there's--
 Even Hockfrey Bogart was visited by the FBI,
 because they thought he was sending secrets through postal chess.
 And what secrets did Hockfrey Bogart have access to?
 He wasn't-- he was an actor.
 Yeah, but he always played spies and movies, didn't he?
 Yeah, so yeah.
 Yeah, there was one guy called Graham Mitchell,
 who wasn't there, who, a load of postcard service recently,
 which had bizarrely cryptic stuff.
 So he was a deputy head of MI5 in the 1950s,
 and he was corresponding using postal chess as a way of exchanging secrets in the past.
 So it was reasonable that they would suggest that.
 Yeah, although he has been exonerated,
 that is literally my personal opinion based on having read the postcards.
 What did you get for the postcards?
 They just seemed like he wouldn't write sentences quite like that.
 Instead of saying Queen to D4, he would say Queen to Balmoral on the 17th of April.
 And there was a 19th century chess master called Joseph Blackburn,
 who was arrested as a spy for sending chess moves through the mail,
 because they thought they were secrets.
 I really like him because he thought that drinking whiskey improved the brain.
 And every time he played chess, he tried to prove it.
 So he always drank whiskey during every game.
 And according to the official records, he played more than 100,000 games of chess in his career.
 Wow.
 I've been looking at the chess records.
 So he's full of absolutely great stuff this week of media page.
 It's really funny.
 But there was one which I really like, which is,
 you know, people play simultaneous chess.
 They played lots of games at the same time.
 So I'm just going to read this over about him.
 The worst result in a simultaneous exhibition given by a master occurred in 1951,
 when International Master Robert Wade gave a simultaneous exhibition against 30 Russian schoolboys aged 14 and under.
 After seven hours of play,
 Wade had lost 20 games and drawn the remaining 10.
 That's a bad day, isn't it?
 Maybe he was letting the win the case.
 That is amazing.
 So simultaneous chess is one very challenging form of chess.
 It gets more challenging if you're blindfolded playing it,
 which is the thing that people have done historically.
 And this has been considered in history multiple times a really dangerous thing to do.
 So blindfold chess has been, and you don't have to be blindfolded.
 You just have to be not able to see the board when you're making your moves.
 So it's about being able to memorize exactly the position of the board.
 Because you'd knock over pieces.
 So yeah, this is a thing, and it was quite popular in the 19th century.
 There are prominent blindfold chess players. There are a couple called Morphe and Steinets,
 both of whom played, and they kept having these mental breakdowns.
 And so it spread that it would give you brain fever.
 And there's a lot of reports say the USSR banned displays in it in 1930,
 because it was so bad for your mental health, because it was too challenging.
 Kasparov's coach spoke out against it and said, "This is bad for you."
 And so Kasparov never played it, and it's thought that might be why.
 So it's actually really dangerous.
 You hold the whole board in your head. Don't you? You're not allowed to look at the board.
 But what if I just, because obviously some of you might miss here,
 you know, a three for a four, and be playing a completely separate game
 to the game that you're opponent.
 I don't think you're going to miss here a three for a four, are you?
 Well, I don't know.
 A D for an E, E for and D for.
 Yeah, exactly. Yeah, you're right.
 So do they tell you if you've gone off board, if you're just playing?
 E 52.
 To Z? No, you do not.
 Yes, I don't know. You must lose immediately, right?
 Otherwise, it can't be like, can I put that pawn on D for?
 And they go, "No, you can't. That's no legal move."
 Okay, what about the bishop to E5?
 No, sorry.
 You lost the bishop, 10 turns. What are you doing?
 And you also something like battleship.
 Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show.
 And that is James.
 Okay, my fact this week is that when they're about to be born,
 baby sharks sometimes pop their heads out of their mother's cervix
 before taking a look around, deciding against it
 and retreating back into the womb.
 What do they not like the look of?
 Who knows, just the world.
 Wow.
 You can't say we haven't all thought some stays in our lives.
 Wouldn't it be better to just revert back into the womb?
 That's horrifying.
 It's amazing.
 It's so good.
 How many times can they do this?
 Well, there'd be sort of a 10-year-old shark still in the womb.
 It's like, "You've got to come out sometimes."
 Well, we don't really know, because people don't really know
 much about sharks, especially before they're born.
 But this is quite a recent study by Kiyomi Marukama
 and Takaturu Tamita, who developed an underwater ultrasound machine
 and have been able to look at what's happening inside the body
 of a tornied nurse shark as she has some embryos.
 And they found this out.
 There's a few other things.
 They found out that the sharks have two uteruses
 and the sharks like to swim between the uterine
 and eat unfertilized eggs.
 They're unfertilized brothers and sisters.
 That's the thing that happens.
 That's so cool.
 They're practising.
 They're doing their length before they come out of the womb.
 It's super cool.
 It's quite arduous, because there's quite a thin tube, isn't there?
 Connecting them are you, Ben?
 Connecting the two uterine.
 And they squirm their way through it.
 Swimming between two different bits of the womb just to eat your...
 Yeah.
 Eats and eggs.
 ...would be siblings.
 And there's always more than one shark.
 I think they give birth usually to three or four.
 And so sometimes all of the sharks will be in one of the uteruses,
 eating all of the eggs, and then they'll all migrate to the other uterus
 and then eat all the eggs there.
 And do they eat each other?
 Is that a different species?
 It's a different species.
 These guys might do as well for a lino, but that's some sand sharks as well.
 Yeah, some tiger sharks.
 Yeah.
 I guess that's the thing, though.
 You might be looking out the cervix just thinking,
 "Is this another room inside mum?"
 Because you've already found one room.
 How do you know?
 Yes, massive.
 Exactly.
 Sharks and eggs are really quite clever.
 So they recently discovered that they can react really well to predators.
 Even as a shark's laid an egg and it's sitting there and they've done ultrasound
 and they've found out that if there's even so much as a vibration nearby
 or if something walks nearby that's emitting slight electromagnetic radiation,
 then the embryo inside senses it and it completely freezes
 and it holds its breath because it knows that if it's even moving its gills,
 then it's going to be giving off an electrical signal that the thing might be able to sense.
 So even in the egg.
 That's very cool.
 It can be scared.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 Sharks, they have teeth and they have different teeth all the time.
 So we've got baby teeth and adult teeth but they shed their teeth throughout the whole life.
 But this actually starts before they're even born.
 So they have teeth in the womb, embryonic teeth and they lose those and they get morty.
 So they lose their baby teeth before they're even babies.
 Does the mother shark have a load of loose teeth rattling around in her womb?
 It seems like it might be that that might be true.
 And also that this might have thrown like previous studies into distribute
 because embryonic teeth of great white sharks are almost identical to adult teeth of sand tiger sharks.
 So a lot of things that they thought were sand tiger sharks turn out to might turn out to be embryos of great white sharks.
 It's such a hard to check through them all.
 Wow.
 It's such a niche crisis in the plastic studies world.
 But yeah, they have sharks and have up to 50,000 teeth in their life.
 Some of them shed teeth once a week.
 Which just must mean they are loaded too very well.
 Although I don't know where she'd leave it.
 The money.
 On the seabed.
 On the seabed.
 Oh.
 Lovely.
 Very nice.
 So we do know so little about birthing of shark for example a great white shark we've never seen one be born ever.
 Yeah, it's amazing.
 We've somehow just not managed to see that.
 And so occasionally aquariums and other such places studying these sharks get inside into ways that they give birth.
 And New Zealand and aquariums are an amazing thing where there was a shark that was giving birth but was having problem with the birthing process.
 So another shark came up and bit its abdomen and in the process allowed it was basically a sea section gave it a sea section and the little sharks were able to swim out and both the baby sharks and the mother shark survived.
 The incident.
 Yeah, so it was just they were just witnessing some sort of bizarre technique.
 Wait, so another shark bit the abdomen open.
 Yeah.
 So that things could escape.
 That is extraordinary.
 Yeah, it's weird.
 I also can't believe they can do it well enough that the shark survived.
 You would have thought if you're tearing open the abdomen of a shark let's babies out.
 Yeah, and they didn't they didn't even know that the shark was pregnant as well.
 So that was a huge surprise.
 They just sort of another shark was eating a shark and then suddenly they were just performing surgery.
 Could it be that they were just eating the shark and it just so happened that there was a baby in there.
 That is possible.
 Yeah.
 So sharks can have virgin births even if they are not virgins.
 No, they can't.
 They can.
 But isn't that by definition impossible of virgin births?
 So it's like the Virgin Mary isn't.
 But in 2017 there was a leopard shark in Australia which had previously mated with a male.
 And then I think they said, oh we don't actually want any more sharks to be born.
 So they moved her into her own bit of the aquarium and then she kept laying eggs like a chicken.
 She laid the eggs like a chicken.
 Yeah, yeah.
 She was clucking.
 She wagged her fins around.
 No, she laid these eggs just you know non fertile eggs as they called.
 Right, got it.
 But then some of them started hatching.
 So these were clones basically of herself which she sort of switched from a sexual into an asexual mode.
 That's never been observed before.
 Wow.
 That's weird.
 It's a fresh excuse for sorry my boyfriend climbed into my bedroom in the middle of the night and I didn't tell you, isn't it?
 The asexual reproduction.
 I don't know how it's happened.
 So that can I talk about baby shark the sun?
 Yeah, you'd be waiting so patiently.
 Well, it's just because you say that they can have virgin birth.
 So that means that there's no daddy shark.
 First of all.
 Okay.
 And I would mean other famous hawking link, isn't it?
 So I tweeted this a while ago and today when I was googling baby sharks for this podcast,
 I found an article in the sun from September last year saying baby shark has been blasted
 over factual inaccuracies by boffins on the internet.
 Several Twitter users have taken to the site to point out the various ways that EO worm has got biology wrong.
 Podcast and QI researcher James Hark pointed out no idea that this is the sun in September last year.
 No idea that they called it.
 Wait, what did you point out?
 I posted pointed out two things.
 One that sometimes there's no daddy shark because they.
 Does it mention daddy shark in the sun?
 Yes, it does.
 It also mentions grandma shark.
 And since great white sharks don't reach sexual maturity till the mid 30s and the maximum lifespan is around 70,
 you hardly ever get grandma sharks in nature.
 And the sun picked it up.
 James, you absolute boffin.
 I love it when you blast inaccuracies.
 You've made it to the sun.
 I know, one of the honor.
 An official sun boffin.
 Oh man, that's huge.
 I just got one last thing just to quickly mention.
 In 2018, there was a story which I'm annoyed that I missed for the book, but it was a shark got...
 Well, someone attempted to steal a shark from a San Antonio aquarium in Texas.
 And they did so by simply just taking it out of the water and dressing it as a baby in a buggy.
 They did not dress it as a baby.
 Well, they put it in the buggy.
 They just put it in the buggy.
 And they pretended that it was rolled back.
 And they just took it as a baby.
 A buggy does not count as baby clothes.
 They dressed it as a naked baby.
 They had it wrapped in a blanket.
 You'd wrap a baby in a blanket.
 They put it in a bucket.
 You'd put a baby in a bucket.
 And then they put the bucket in the buggy.
 I was fatherhood going down.
 I mean, there were challenges on the way out.
 So I don't think that's a baby either.
 Yeah, buggy looks fine.
 Buggy looks fine.
 I got a second.
 Yeah.
 Okay, that's it.
 That's all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland.
 James.
 That's James Harkin.
 Andy.
 Andrew Hunter.
 And Chazinski.
 You can email podcast@QI.com.
 Yep.
 Or you can go to our group account at no such thing.
 We have a Facebook page as well.
 No such thing as a fish or go to our website.
 No such thing as a fish.com.
 We have everything up there from previous episodes all the way to links to our upcoming tour of the UK.
 Please come along.
 It's going to be amazing.
 We'll see you again next week with another episode.
 Goodbye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
