 Hi everyone, welcome to this week's episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, where we were
 joined by a special guest and that was Helen Scales.
 Now if you don't know Helen, she is a marine biologist, a writer, a broadcaster.
 We've known her for many, many years.
 She's so funny, so interesting, she loves her subject so much.
 Her books are absolutely great.
 The first one that she wrote was called Spirals in Time.
 I think that was the first one, which was all about shells and the history of shells.
 And her most recent one is called What the Wild Sea Can Be.
 And it is basically a look at the future of the oceans, which you might think is quite
 negative because of all the news stories that are going around.
 But Helen, as is her want, is very positive about what the future might be and how we
 can save the world.
 If you'd like to get her books, obviously they're available from all the usual places.
 But if you go to helenscales.com, you can visit her shop, which is related to the online
 bookseller's bookshop.
 And if you go there, then all her commissions will go to the charity Sea Changers.
 So you'll help save the sea as well as learning about the sea.
 There's also details on her website about a couple of shows she's doing to promote the
 book, so make sure you have a look at that if you like what you hear in this episode.
 And I know that you will.
 One more thing to say, you know we have a tour coming up.
 There are still tickets for most of the UK dates and a couple of the Australia dates
 left for that.
 So do get your tickets ASAP and the people of Sydney and London do go back to know such
 things as fish.com/live because there are details of new dates on there.
 So if you missed out on tickets to Sydney or London, then fear not because we have put
 some more dates on.
 Okay, that's it.
 That's all I have to say this week.
 So really all there is left to say is on with the podcast.
 So let's say it.
 On with the podcast.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming
 to you from the QI offices in Hoburn.
 My name is Anna Tyshinski and I'm sitting here with Andrew Hunter Murray, James Harkin
 and extra special guest today, Helen Scales.
 And we have gathered round on microphones with our four favourite facts from the last
 seven days.
 So in no particular order here we go.
 Starting with Helen.
 My fact is you can play peek-a-boo with an octopus.
 Wow.
 That sounds like fun.
 I think it was peek-a-boo.
 That's what I was doing.
 Because you've done this.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 That's a personal fact.
 Exactly.
 How did peek-a-boo work?
 Because the game is quite rules-wise.
 I think so.
 Yeah.
 Maybe it was hide and seek.
 No, I think it was peek-a-boo.
 So basically I was coming back from a freedive or a snorkel if I want to make it sound not
 as cool, but I'll say freedive because that does sound cooler.
 And I was literally just a couple of feet from the beach and the water was like knee-high
 and I looked down, I was floating and I looked down and there was an octopus behind a rock
 and I was like, awesome because I love octopuses and I see them occasionally, but it's definitely
 a special thing to see.
 Where were you in the world?
 Oh, sorry.
 I was in Brittany in France.
 Very nice.
 Yeah.
 So there was this octopus and I was like, awesome, okay, fantastic.
 And then generally when I see exciting animals like that you have to be like just looking
 as much as possible because any second now it's going to just fuck off, right?
 And you're left with like, oh, that was a lovely encounter, but it lasted like seconds.
 But this one didn't move and I was just hanging out with it and how big are we talking?
 I mean, in my mind it was like maybe a small melon sized, I think, kind of thing.
 Okay.
 So first off, I did the My Octopus Teacher Touching thing.
 Have you seen My Octopus?
 No.
 No, not really.
 There's a bit basically where if you put your hand out, an octopus will reach out and touch
 you with its arms.
 Oh, so it's like God and Adam in the Michelangelo.
 Exactly, exactly.
 But God is an octopus.
 And they do do that.
 They basically, they're tasting you to see what you are because their suckers are really
 sensitive and they can have you like taste the chemicals and stuff.
 So I put my hand out and it did, it's like put its little arm out and it's tiny and thin
 at the end and it was like, yeah, but it touched me and I was like, oh, that was amazing.
 And then so we did that and I was like, okay, so what else can I do with this octopus, you
 know, while it's got my-
 Let's pick it up a notch.
 So I was like, well, what if I just hide it from it?
 Maybe you'll try and come and find me.
 Wow.
 And so I moved out of its line of sight.
 So that it couldn't see me.
 And it was just, it just like peered around the rock.
 You know, it was definitely like, where have you gone?
 You're over there.
 And I'm like, no, you go.
 But I just really had this sense of something a bit more intelligent and it's thinking about
 you and it's interacting with you.
 And it was just really, a really cool moment.
 So it didn't then hide from you or anything like that?
 No, it didn't hide from me.
 Then I think at that point I was like, I'm getting really cold and I need to get out.
 Can you do something a bit more interesting than just sit there?
 And so I think I was like, I'm going to get a bit closer.
 And at that point it was like, and it went off and changed it.
 You know, you hear about how octopuses change color and texture and stuff, and it really
 did.
 It had been like pale and smooth.
 And then instantly it turned like really angry red and very bumpy.
 And I was like, oh, wow.
 Sorry.
 Are the bumps real?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So there's skin.
 It's not just that it looks.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So there's skin is like loads of little muscles and they can pull up and make little like warts
 and little bumps and then they can flat themselves out and change the color is also
 the muscles too.
 They have these like bubbles of pigment which can open and close and they can change their
 color.
 It's like pixels basically.
 I knew that's how they show their color.
 I just sort of assume that they, I didn't assume anything, I just thought I did it.
 They didn't really think about it, did they?
 No.
 No.
 Because he wouldn't really.
 They're just like the way that you blush maybe.
 They might just change color.
 Yeah.
 They have layers in their skin.
 We can't blush lots of colors.
 No.
 I find that we could blush loads of different colors.
 Like I could blush blue if I was.
 Exactly.
 On command.
 That would be like a really cool thing to do with like GM.
 Right.
 Just to like give ourselves chromatophores.
 Yeah.
 That would be good.
 It'd be like it'd be easier for those, you know those parties where you have to go in
 a color like if you're available you wear green.
 Oh, you'll swing those parties.
 Yeah.
 It's not always easy to find an Amber shirt.
 They definitely do seem to be animals where you can have a bit of a relationship.
 I think so.
 Yeah.
 I mean, I'm not going to say I made friends with it, but I just felt like for a moment
 we had a bit of a play and that was cool.
 I mean, I haven't ever played with a crab, for instance.
 That's never really worked out or a big try then.
 Yeah.
 The crabs just don't go for the peekaboo.
 They really don't.
 Well, sometimes the octopuses don't want to be friends.
 Like they seem to have such personalities that they're discerning about who they like.
 There was a person who worked in a New England aquarium who, one of the octopuses there just
 completely took against him and used to squirt him in the room whenever he walked in, just
 actually hated him.
 And then I think he left and did a degree or something, left the university and he came
 back and immediately the octopus was like, "Not Barry again."
 And went with him again.
 Yeah.
 They are a bit moody like that.
 Yeah.
 I've heard stories about octopuses being given food they don't like and just being like this
 and they hold up to the person and go like, "Uh-uh, see what I'm going to do with this?"
 And they swim across to the other side of the tank and stuff it in the drain and be like,
 "No."
 Wow.
 That's where that's going.
 Like a toddler, basically.
 Yeah.
 I imagine there are all those sorts of studies of like intelligence that are about that kind
 of level of...
 I reckon although toddlers can't play hide and seek.
 Can they not?
 No, no, no.
 They just think you're not there when you close your eyes.
 Yeah, yeah.
 They did a study where they gave a toddler a doll and they put a blindfold on the doll
 and the toddler thought that they couldn't see it.
 Wait, they thought that the doll couldn't see the toddler?
 Yeah.
 But the doll couldn't see the toddler either way?
 No, no, no.
 They thought that the toddler thought the doll had gone invisible.
 The doll had gone invisible because they don't think that because I feel like I've heard that
 kind of thing and obviously the study was done, but I've heard that kind of thing where like
 they think if you club your eyes and you've gone, but when you do it with kids they don't
 think you've just...
 I literally did it yesterday and it worked.
 With you?
 Yeah, yeah.
 So they just think that they can see your body?
 I said to her, I said, "Look at me, that took a while."
 She doesn't really do what I tell her, but then eventually she looked at me and I covered
 my eyes and I said, "Can you see me?"
 And she said, "No."
 Does that mean that she thinks she can't see you though or that she thinks the thing
 to say in this game is no?
 Well, because...
 It feels like if you vanished then children would be like, "What the hell just happened?"
 But the other evidence is that if you play hide and seek with a child, if they cover their
 eyes they think you can't see them.
 That's why just in the middle of the room, eyes closed, I'm hiding.
 That's great.
 Yeah.
 And the really interesting thing is it works for voices as well apparently, although I
 tried this with my daughter and it didn't work, but apparently there was a study where
 experimenters put their hands over their ears and said to the child, "Can you hear me?"
 And the child said, "No, I can't hear you."
 Now I did try this and it didn't work with my daughter, but I'm not sure if that means
 she's too smart or not smart enough.
 If you put on a different voice, will she think that, for example, Bruce Forsythe is
 in the room.
 And she's like, "Nice to see you."
 "I can't see you."
 Octopus is, I think, have they been re-classed in Britain in terms of their intelligence?
 Because they're so, literally they're so clever that the government has now classed them along
 with vertebrates.
 But they're way cleverer than most, not most, lots of vertebrates and they are classed as
 sentient beings.
 That's right.
 Yeah.
 That's good news.
 It is good news.
 It means, well, hopefully it means now we have to be nicer to them.
 Because there are all sorts of discussions about, "Oh, should we farm them?"
 And it's like, "Should we farm these really intelligent, amazing, weird creatures?"
 That don't like living together and they're generally cannibalistic and, you know, all
 sorts of stuff like that.
 You don't want to farm like where all the cows are eating each other.
 Well, exactly.
 You don't want there's one great big octopus left at the end and something that's no longer
 going to be possible.
 Chop it up and just just eat.
 You might get the same number of steaks from one enormous cow that's eaten all the other
 cows.
 And it's easier to herd, isn't it?
 If you just got one.
 You're a big dog.
 Yeah.
 Very big dog.
 It's tragic.
 They can't write, but they do pretty zinc.
 Oh, that is tragic.
 Is that in the Alanis Morissette song?
 Is it wasps or bees that can make paper?
 Yeah, wasps.
 Wasps can make paper.
 If they could get together.
 Never the twain.
 Oh, that's tragic.
 If you give a wasp a snorkel and imagine that you have it for two species could wreak.
 What was it?
 Alanis Morissette, ironic.
 Yeah.
 But they weren't very ironic.
 No.
 They weren't very ironic.
 They weren't very ironic.
 There was someone else.
 All right.
 Avril Lavigne.
 No, it was.
 It was.
 You're thinking of skater by.
 Yeah.
 I could use the two the other day in the social situation.
 And I haven't had the end of it yet.
 Anyway.
 He was a wasp.
 She was an octopus.
 Can I make it any more obvious?
 They're very strong octopuses as well.
 Every sucker is so powerful, isn't it?
 And I think I worked out.
 So if a sucker touches an object, it changes shape to form this seal around it.
 And I realized that the common octopus, if it's hanging off the ceiling, the four of
 us, and I've done some vague weight estimates, and I think it wouldn't be true if Dan was
 here.
 But I think the four of us, that is no heavier than I am, for sure.
 But James, who does Dan have to be heavier than for this to work with the four of us,
 but not if Dan was here?
 No, I do see that.
 I do see it.
 But it did sound like a slam on Dan's head.
 Look, I think we can safely say that Helen is a few inches shorter than Dan's, but they're
 both in great shape.
 But Dan probably weighs a few pounds more.
 Once I was in the ITV studios on the South Bank, and there was a load of people in the
 lift, and I walked into the lift, and it went beep, beep, beep, please leave the lift, because
 I was the person who put it over the level, and I felt awful, like it was a really low
 moment in my life.
 But imagine that if all your mates are hanging off an octopus, and you're the one that pulls
 him down.
 No, that's it.
 I'm letting go.
 Do you know what happens if you cut the arm off an octopus?
 So this is, you know, if you want to eat it.
 Does it live?
 Yeah.
 So fishermen will chop the arms off and stick them in the bucket, and they try to climb
 out, basically.
 So octopus have like 500 million neurons, but half of them are in their arms.
 So they have a very different kind of nerve system to us, but it's not all in their brain.
 So the question is, like, do they think for themselves these arms?
 So they're like actually able to make their own decisions.
 But what we think they're doing is that their kind of response is to pass food towards the
 mouth.
 So if a bit of food goes to the end of the arm, the suckers are like passing it to the
 next one and to the next one.
 And actually that same motion, if you've chopped an arm off in a bucket, is climb out of the
 bucket.
 Do you see what I mean?
 So they're just trying to pass.
 They're just like, this is the thing we do.
 So it's not, there's not necessarily any thought in it, but they will basically walk off.
 The other thing, if you cut the very tip of an arm, it will still respond to like nasty
 chemicals.
 So people who are like doing science and they'll take just a little bit of tissue off and then
 you try and put the little tip of the arm into a pot of alcohol and it goes, oh no, ow.
 Oh, are we calling alcohol a nasty chemical?
 Oh, sorry.
 Well, I guess very high concentrations of alcohol used to preserve the tip of an octopus's arm.
 100% scientific stuff.
 Unfortunately for you, Helen, that's what Anna likes to do.
 My limbs have cut off.
 Go towards.
 Just a thumbs up for Anna's removed and.
 You don't eat octopuses, right?
 No, I don't.
 No.
 Do you eat other fish?
 Sometimes.
 And not much anymore.
 I did for a long time.
 I gave up eating meat years and years ago and I kind of kept on eating sustainably caught
 fish.
 But definitely octopuses you wouldn't eat octopuses.
 No, not since meeting one.
 I definitely not since playing peek-a-boo with one.
 I couldn't.
 Something else that needs to avoid eating octopuses is the dolphin.
 Although, I mean, they do like to sometimes and octopuses are really good food for other
 sea animals because I guess they're very meaty, but they're quite dangerous to swallow.
 And I think when dolphins do eat octopuses, they have to really work hard on cutting up
 their food to tear them to shreds because they did.
 I think they found a dead dolphin recently in the last couple of years, which had an
 octopus in its mouth and you can see its tentacles like flopping out of its mouth.
 So if I'm a dolphin and I have an octopus and it sort of clings onto the inside of
 my throat as it's going down, because I haven't chewed it properly, does it pull me inside
 out is what I'm trying to say?
 Why?
 I'll end up coming in to work the next day saying, "Oh, I think I had a doggie octopus
 last night because it's attached to the inside of the tube that is me."
 Yes.
 Yeah, how's it done that?
 And it's gone all the way through.
 I don't think the dolphin was inside out when they found it and afraid that would be even
 more grotesque than the already the truth, which is like you say it suckers onto their
 esophagus until it chokes them to death, which is quite clever.
 Yeah.
 Because they'd be trained.
 The CIA are always training dolphins and things, aren't they?
 Good point.
 Yeah.
 Are you thinking, Andy, that we can defeat the CIA for whatever reason we might want
 to by sending an army of octopuses to turn the dolphins inside out?
 Oh, yeah.
 I'll send a strong message, won't I?
 Britain is back on the global stage.
 We've inverted every dolphin the CIA has ever trained.
 Okay, it's time for fact number two and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that during winter, the ground is too cold for male emperor penguins
 feet.
 So they spend two months leaning back and balancing on their heels.
 That's great.
 It's just so painful and uncomfortable.
 They sound like kind of relaxed dads, you know, they're leaning back on their tail.
 Like they lean back on the little sort of like a hunting stick, I guess.
 Is that what it, you know, those shooting sticks?
 Shooting sticks.
 Yeah.
 Oh, the lady sits on the beach.
 Yeah.
 So, yeah, I'm guessing you're very familiar with this and we should just say why they
 have to do this.
 Because it's cold.
 Because it's cold.
 Really cold.
 Because it's really, really cold.
 It's freezing.
 They're in Antarctica.
 It's minus 40 Celsius and the female essentially lays her egg.
 I think this is right and it's in the middle of winter because they need to start incubating
 the egg so that it's born in nice springtime when there's lots of food.
 So middle of winter, cold as possible time, the females laid the egg, plopped it in front
 of the male, disappeared for a couple of months and they have this incredible pouch that they
 plop over the egg and the egg balances on his feet.
 But then if his feet are flat on the ground, then they just get super, super cold.
 And so, as you say, he leans back and like a tripod balances on his tail for two months.
 I'd vaguely seen that they did this.
 I had no idea about the details and how difficult it is.
 The dads can only eat snow for those months.
 They get pretty skinny, don't they, by the end?
 They lose half their weight sometimes, or 40% and the dads basically had an enormous mega
 barbecue the summer before.
 All the dads hang out, they put on lots and lots of weight because they know they're going
 to need it.
 They use it all up.
 Oh, that's interesting.
 So when am I going to lose this weight that I thought I'm going to have to be in a dad's
 sect?
 You need to head on down south and spend quite a bit of time on the sea ice.
 They just lose no heat.
 Scientists did the sort of, you know, those heat map body things that you do, you know,
 you see where someone's losing heat.
 And I think they found that the only places they're losing heat are through their eyes.
 You know, in Dune, the film Dune and the book Dune, they've got those still suits, which
 allow them to lose zero moisture.
 Yeah, they're really good.
 They're basically in the desert.
 We're on the planet Arrakis.
 We get the idea.
 Yeah, yeah.
 But they've got these suits, which means they lose no moisture.
 Emperor penguins are basically that bodily.
 They just can't do it and not lose heat.
 Yeah, they get so hot, like, you know, they do that huddling thing, the males, when there's
 a blizzard and they all cuddle together, they can be like so hot, they have to break apart
 and be like, oh, God, I need some steaming.
 Yeah.
 It sounds like more, it sounds more of a thing, which you wouldn't think because you see them
 in documentaries and you feel so sorry for how cold they must be, but actually it seems
 like overheating is more of a problem.
 Actually, potentially more of a problem.
 Yeah.
 And I always thought that those big huddles where, you know, hundreds of them, as you
 say, plump together, don't they, and they rotate, who's on the inside.
 I always thought they lasted for ages.
 That was kind of how they stood, but apparently it's about 50 minutes each one last.
 And it's really like, yeah, when it blows through and it's really cold.
 Do you think they don't feel cold then?
 I think they would if they got cold.
 It just sounds like that they don't.
 Their threshold is just way lower than humans, so it's, I think it's down to minus 10 Celsius.
 They're basically comfortable.
 Well, actually that's the same as someone from Newcastle, I think.
 That's why the black and white is the essence.
 They're still a bit chilly then, I guess.
 If minus 10, they're comfortable, minus 40, they're probably like, that's when they're
 like, oh, let's all, you know, let's get through it.
 Do they have human conceptions of discomfort in the way that we do, you know, I don't know.
 Well, that comes back to the whole sentient thing, you know, that's kind of the big thing
 of that.
 It's like, are they suffering?
 Is the first penguin dad to suggest a huddle looked on as a bit of a wuss?
 Yeah.
 Is everyone secretly hoping someone's going to do it, but no one wants to be the first
 one?
 Oh, I'm not going to hug you.
 I'm just trying to eat.
 One thing I like about the whole penguin feather thing is, if you've seen the video, if you've
 seen kind of on Blue Planet or whatever it was, the emperor penguins whooshing up underwater
 and jumping out, like they do this kind of leaps, right?
 They basically, that's like, need to get out of the water because there's probably something
 coming to eat me, but my little legs aren't going to be very good at clambering off onto
 the ice.
 So they swim up from deep down and it's skin that's their feathers.
 So basically as they go down, they hold their contour feathers, the outside ones in place,
 they lock them in place so that the air is trapped.
 And then as they're coming up, they basically let that air out and it all comes fizzing out
 of the little under fuzzy bits and forms a stream of bubbles and it's called air lubrication
 and basically reduces the friction against the water.
 And so they go a bit faster and they go popping out the water at the top and then they land
 on the ice and they've got even, they've got a nice little tummy, the fronts are covered
 with more feathers.
 So when they land, it's nice cushion.
 That is so cool.
 That's not really good.
 They've got tricks for days, they're really, they're a real risk of climate change, aren't
 they?
 Yeah, sadly, yes.
 They live on sea ice and if sea ice melts, that's the, this bit, specifically this bit
 with the males and the, and the chick rearing is on the sea ice and it's all on the outside,
 isn't it?
 Yeah, exactly.
 Because they need access to the sea.
 If the ice melts basically, then that means they, like lots of colonies have had complete
 breeding failures where no chick survived to the next year and it's happened two years
 in a row now.
 It's really, it's really bad.
 Yeah.
 And I think the idea is that if the world keeps to 1.5 degrees of warming, then the numbers
 will hold up much, much better than if it goes far beyond that, you know.
 So that, yeah, no, it definitely matters.
 Like every degree, every degree we can like avoid of heating, like the better the emperor
 penguins will do.
 And you know, like the cool thing I love about it as well is how we study numbers of penguins
 is from satellites.
 There's like once a week a satellite passes over Antarctica and takes photos and you
 can only do that during the summer because it's dark during the winter, obviously, and
 you can't see anything.
 But in the summer months, they pass over and take photos and then you can count the penguins
 and they're poo basically.
 The guano stains the ice and you can see where they are.
 So that's how you figure out how many there are.
 And so basically the end of the winter, when the sun comes up again, it's like fingers crossed
 everybody.
 I like how many are still there?
 Like how many of these...
 You're looking for a huge poo on the ice.
 Basically, yeah.
 And then that's when we see.
 This year, we won't know till because it's just going dark now.
 We won't know till like September, October how this year's clutch of penguins has done.
 I wonder if they take into account the level of poo by which I mean, like, let's say your
 penguins are not eating very well for whatever reason.
 They might poo less.
 And I wonder if when they look at it, they can be honest.
 Yeah.
 I don't know whether they do the poo for individual numbers or whether they're just like, here's
 a colony.
 I see.
 That's generally there.
 You can actually see like a little shadow.
 That's how good the satellites are.
 You can see, and they're so tall that you can see a penguin's shadow in the satellite images
 and then for count each individual.
 Yeah.
 And actually, I think one really interesting thing is you can tell how many individuals
 there are in one of these huddles by knowing the size of the huddle and the temperature
 outside because they're really mathematically precise.
 They go into like hexagons.
 You know how hexagons are the best way at packing things?
 If you kind of take a big pile of penguins, you know how much they're huddling because
 you know how cold it is and you just put a load of hexagons on that grid, that's how
 many penguins there are.
 Oh, what do you mean?
 If it's colder, they'll go closer.
 That'll suddenly tend to amnesia.
 Yeah.
 I don't know whether to be more impressed by scientists or penguins than that, as if
 working that out is unbelievable.
 Then working it out as penguins is unbelievable.
 I'm just saying that's fine for everyone.
 They're really cool.
 Yeah.
 I didn't know that part of Scott's expedition was about penguin eggs, collecting penguin
 eggs.
 So crazy.
 It's Scott of the Antarctic.
 Yeah.
 That one.
 So 1910 to 1913 is Teranova expedition, a lesser known part of it in I think 1911.
 It's 11, yeah.
 It was where three of them, so I think it was sort of the brainchild or the person who's
 most passionate about it was Edward Wilson, who was Scott's second in command.
 Then there was this other chap called Apsley Cherry Garrod, but they were there to go and
 collect emperor penguin eggs, weren't they, because they believed it was going to be really
 evolutionaryly important.
 Yes, that's right.
 A link between.
 Yeah.
 They thought they were the oldest birds, and that there was this theory of recapitulation,
 which totally fell out of favor, but the idea that an embryo retraces its evolutionary
 heritage of its ancestor.
 So it would kind of basically start off in its egg as a little reptile, and then turn
 into a bird as it was growing.
 And so it kind of totally comes back to this whole like crazy winters and the males with
 the eggs on their feet, because the only way to get an egg with an embryo in it is to go
 in the middle of winter.
 Absolutely.
 Come out.
 Yeah.
 And not only is it freezing cold, of course, pitch dark.
 Dark cold.
 They kept falling down like holes in the ice.
 It was so ridiculous.
 But then surely you've also got to fight an angry dad.
 It started his fighting weight, though, isn't it, at that stage?
 Exactly.
 So the three of them went, and then the three survived, but Cherry Garrod got back, and
 he was so ill from this expedition that he didn't go on the bit to the south pole, which
 is where Fowers and Wilson died with Scott.
 Right.
 But they did get the penguin eggs, but I mean, it sounds extraordinary.
 So Cherry's teeth shattered so violently with the cold that they shattered, apparently.
 Do you know how they kept warm as well?
 How?
 By burning penguins.
 That's dark.
 That's very dark.
 How you do what you can.
 I thought you'd say they had a lovely hug and a cuddle together, and now, oh, I'm not
 hugging you, I'm going to burn this penguin.
 I mean, that was when they went to the colony.
 They grabbed a whole bunch of eggs, and they took some adult males, and they burnt them,
 because they're really oily.
 Yeah.
 I was going to say, like, scuers, they burn quite well, don't they?
 How do they?
 They use those as lamps in Scotland.
 Oh, they stick it.
 Yeah, they stick a wick up there.
 But yeah.
 I mean, how strong are your ethical principles when you are near the south pole, and suddenly
 you realise it's death or penguin burning?
 In the name.
 It was a couple of penguins.
 Yeah.
 It was, so it took him 45 minutes each night to chip into his frozen sleeping bag.
 They probably burnt, like, the novels that they brought with them in the finish before
 they burnt the penguin.
 Yeah, probably.
 I mean, not the dickens, because you need to keep holding the best ones.
 Sorry, it took 45 minutes to chip into his sleeping bag.
 Each night it would be a block of ice, and he said 45 minutes.
 And all I've got is one of these pieces of my own tooth to chip away with.
 Oh, my God.
 That sounds...
 Yeah.
 Well, I'm going to bed.
 You're going to bed early.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, I...
 Got the old sleeping bag chipping to do.
 There was also a thing where they had three sleds, I think, but they could only pull one
 at a time.
 So for every sort of mile they travelled, they had to do three back and forth.
 Oh, my God.
 Oh, my God.
 And they couldn't leave the chicken on the sled at the same time as the crane.
 I think we've got a penguin, an octopus, and a dolphin.
 OK, it is time for fact number three, and that is Andy.
 My fact is that when Queen Elizabeth II got married, the people of Levington Spa clubbed
 together and bought her a washing machine.
 Oh.
 Yeah.
 That's nice.
 It's very nice.
 Clumped together?
 How expensive was the washing machine, or how little did each individual in Levington
 Spa contribute?
 Wow.
 Wow.
 Well, I'm sorry, but that's less than one penny, just isn't it?
 Why do you take in everyone?
 I'm sure they were more expensive in 1947, I guess.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 It was also a time famously of massive deprivation after the war, and bread was rationed at this
 point.
 They all used their ration cards to buy her a washing machine.
 Did she have one already?
 Unclear.
 I think out of diplomacy, she was a famously diplomatic woman.
 She would never have said, "I actually have 16 washing machines in my different houses
 everywhere."
 Yeah.
 So she was Princess Elizabeth at the time, because she wasn't yet Queen.
 That's how it works.
 And 1947, post-war, really poor time.
 So lots of gifts were food, you know?
 Wow.
 And gifts from around the world.
 She got given lots of dresses, most of which she gave away to other girls getting married
 around her age around the same time.
 That's cool.
 Yeah.
 The list of wedding presents, this is so weird, was published as a book, and you can buy it
 today, and I have ordered it, and it hasn't been delivered yet.
 So tune in next week, we're going to be doing the same thing again.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 But it's just weird present, like 500 cases of tin pineapple?
 Can you guys do that much pineapple in your life?
 I don't think I could.
 No, I mean either.
 There's the Governor of Queensland sent that.
 I haven't had one tin this year.
 Haven't you?
 No.
 Gosh.
 Maybe after this.
 Would you?
 I think I had my first tin pineapple of the year yesterday.
 That is a coincidence.
 Wow.
 Isn't it?
 That bizarre.
 Yes, it was part of a Panang curry.
 People sent her stockings, which I find quite a personal thing to send someone.
 And she got over 100 pairs, I think, hundreds of pairs of nylon stockings, which were a high-value
 item nylon was a newly invented thing.
 What would the equivalent be to Bitcoin, probably?
 The people of Lemmington Spa chip together to get you one dogecoin.
 Royal wedding gifts are often quite weird, aren't they?
 Grace Kelly, friend of the podcast, she got a yacht for a nice gift.
 Oh yeah.
 Yes, please.
 Yeah, which village clumped together to buy it?
 Yeah.
 It's better than washing machine, isn't it?
 The interesting thing about that is it was a repurposed ship.
 It was a yacht, and then it got turned into a ship for the war, and was used at Dunkirk
 to help evacuate soldiers.
 And then after the war, Anasis bought it again and turned it back into a yacht, and then gave
 it to Grace Kelly as a wedding gift.
 That's sort of recycling, sort of.
 Sorry, which bin does this yacht go in?
 Oh, that's great.
 That's much better than the one I felt.
 Prince Charles and Diana, when they got married, a council in Somerset said, "One tonne of
 peat."
 Oh.
 He's a farmer, and you know, he's not a farmer as he, but he owns lots of farmers.
 Yeah, but do you know that was a huge faux pas, really?
 Oh yeah.
 Sending excrement to a wedding is not a faux pas.
 Oh, peat isn't excrement.
 It's not excrement.
 I need to do some basic lessons.
 It is.
 It was Sedgemoor District Council.
 They sent him a tonne of peat, and this was exactly about the time that Charles was banning
 peat, because he is very environmentally aware and has been for a very long time.
 And in the ATC banned peat use on all of his farms, because, you know, it's a big biodiversity
 area now.
 Yeah, peat-free compost all that.
 Yeah.
 Also, it sequesters a lot of carbon, doesn't it?
 Yeah.
 Yes, although he knew that at the time, but he was very, you know, he predicted.
 So, Sedgemoor, he screwed up, and that's...
 One nice wedding gift I found is something that people get in Japan called the Venus
 Flower Basket.
 Oh, yes.
 Do you know it?
 I know this one, yeah.
 Go on.
 Tell us what it is.
 So, it's a deep sea sponge that's a glass sponge that they made out of kind of silica,
 basically.
 They look like a very ornate stocking, so a bit sort of like a woven knitted stocking.
 And then there are these shrimp that live inside them, and they get inside them when
 they're larvae, so they can sort of go through the holes of this glassy sponge thing.
 And then they get trapped, and so, basically, you have a male and a female that are trapped
 inside this sponge and can't get out.
 And that's like a marriage.
 Exactly.
 Exactly.
 And they send their babies off into the world through the holes of their sponge, but they
 stay their entire life inside this sponge.
 Yeah, it is that.
 It's because, like, the male and the female stay together the rest of their lives, isn't
 it?
 Well, it's a claustrophobic concept of marriage, isn't it?
 Well, I also found this, like, because it's like this glass sponge is like in a framework,
 isn't it?
 It's like a lattice.
 They found that the currents go into it, and they create, like, a little vortex, and it
 means that when the male and the female release their sperm and eggs, it's the perfect vortex
 to make them all sort of mixed together.
 Oh, cool.
 That's quite romantic as well, isn't it?
 It is.
 It's lovely.
 I've heard as well that they designed the gherkin in London around the skyscraper, around this
 sort of shape of a sponge as well, and it was like, rather than water and other things,
 circulating around it.
 It's for air conditioning, and it pulls the air in, and it goes up the building.
 Do not release sperm around the gherkin if you're looking for love.
 Just to see what happens.
 The building security and the cleaning team will both be the fact.
 That's so interesting.
 Wow.
 That's very cool.
 Yeah.
 Will you do a washing machine thing or two?
 No, washing machines.
 Yeah.
 They're bad.
 Are they?
 Yeah, washing machines are bad.
 Classic cloth washing accounts for 35% of primary microplastics found in the environment, and
 they're trying to come up with a law where all new washing machines have to have a filter
 in them.
 It's already the law in France, I think, but at the moment it's not the law in the UK,
 and it needs to be the law in the UK.
 Does that stop the microplastics getting out and into the water system?
 Yeah.
 That's a filter, yeah.
 When you say synthetic fabrics, I've got a ...
 That T-shirt you're wearing, I would say ... Oh, it's cotton, I guess.
 No, I think you're talking more like fleeces and ... Yeah, like polyester.
 Polyester.
 Oh, okay.
 Polyester fleeces are particularly bad because they just shed loads of fibres.
 Why would you ever wash a fleece?
 I mean, a good point.
 I think you don't.
 You don't, really.
 Next time don't.
 I'm at the school of like, if it's an outer layer, you never wash it.
 No.
 Unless you've fallen a swamp.
 Oh, yeah.
 And if you're wearing your fleece, you might be ... What if a bird poo's on you?
 Oh, yeah.
 Just wipe it.
 Wait until it's dry and then a stiff, ah, hog's back with a brush.
 Yeah, honestly.
 Do you know that the first fleeces were called synthetic chinchillas?
 No, stop it.
 Yeah, yeah.
 I think that's right.
 When was that?
 When.
 Yeah, roughly.
 20th century.
 Get away.
 20th century, yeah.
 Because before that, people were wearing chinchillas.
 Real chinchilla.
 Yeah.
 I think chinchilla was a name of a fabric that was kind of similar to what a chinchilla
 was, but it was like, it was made of cotton, but it was called chinchilla.
 That's funny.
 And then there's the synthetic chinchilla.
 I think that's right.
 That's amazing.
 I run it because actually they're sort of chin-warmers, aren't they?
 That's very right.
 Yeah.
 Gas.
 Gas.
 Good grief.
 Can I tell you a washing machine fact?
 Yeah.
 Sure.
 This is good.
 So you know the Samsung jingle?
 The Samsung jingle.
 No?
 That's not one of the things.
 When you're washing machine finishes, it plays a little tune.
 Samsung.
 Is this the Samsung?
 Yeah.
 No, I don't know it.
 Yeah, there's a tune.
 Well, lots of washing machines.
 My washing machine just goes beep, beep, beep, and it's finished.
 Does it go dum, dum, dum, or something like that?
 Nope.
 No.
 That's an announcement on the underground.
 I think.
 Yeah.
 I installed the wrong thing in my kitchen.
 Is the one that goes dum, dum, dum, dum, dum, dum, dum, dum, dum, dum, dum, dum, dum,
 dum, dum, dum, dum.
 Really?
 Really?
 I don't know.
 And it's really long, right?
 So this is so mad.
 It was composed in 1817.
 The Samsung washing machine jingle.
 For this.
 For this in mind.
 For this.
 It's Franz Schubert.
 Wow.
 I know.
 It's a song.
 It's called The Trout.
 So there's an aquatic theme.
 Oh, OK.
 And it's based on a poem, a different, confusingly, a German writer called Schubert.
 Wow.
 And it's about a trout that gets caught by a fisherman, and it's a warning to young women
 to stay away from men.
 Well, there you are.
 Yeah.
 And this is the tune that is in every Samsung washing machine, and it's a little sort of
 ceremonial ditty that plays at the end of, and I have one of those washing machines.
 I hear that tune a couple of times a week.
 Your wife leaves the house.
 What a multi-layered fact there are so many bits to grasp there.
 Well, I mean, to start off with, I didn't know Samsung made washing machines.
 I thought they made TVs.
 Right.
 That's the foothills of this fact.
 Yeah.
 Schubert and Schubert.
 I want to know about that comedy double up.
 Can I ask you guys a question about your washing machines?
 How much washing powder do you tend to put in?
 I just put one of those, like, you know, those tide pod things that Americans eat.
 I put one of those.
 Oh, you do the tide pod.
 Yeah, just a scoop.
 I don't use powder.
 I use liquid.
 Nice.
 From a refill shop.
 Well done.
 For the on message.
 Yeah, just a cup of that.
 Oh, okay.
 A lid.
 Good, but I'm afraid it's not quite as good as the old reusable egg full of dry granules
 that I use.
 Oh!
 I've got one of those.
 You do have to fly down to the Antarctic to get the egg, don't you?
 That's why I've lost all these teeth in front teeth of mine.
 Is that right?
 You wash with a reusable egg.
 There's a little plastic egg, which is full of dry granules, and they last about, like,
 a hundred washes or something, and you just replace those dry granules.
 I wondered why you spelt so bad.
 Like, it works, it's really good.
 That's a much better public service announcement than mine, which is if you're just using normal
 washing powder, you should never need to use more than really a tablespoon, which is much,
 much less than you're probably using.
 This is a New York Times expose, and it's really bad to overuse it because it makes your clothes
 go all crunchy.
 Can I ask Anna, as someone who has a toddler who's currently potty training, and so I often
 have urine and feces stains on my clothing, is it different for me?
 It says for extremely heavy loads, you might want two tablespoons, but you're never going
 to need more than that.
 Thank you.
 And they're lying to you, the companies, with their cups on the list because they just want
 to get through it.
 Exactly, and they keep a little scoop, don't they?
 Oh, it's in their interest.
 Yeah.
 There you go.
 Big core, big powder.
 But, because I've always thought the whole thing's a scam, and what I've always thought
 is the whole washing clothes thing, it's a scam.
 The thing I've always thought is the drawer thing, got to be a scam, so I've always put
 everything in the drum.
 Yeah, I do that as well.
 Well, what I've realized, if you use fabric softener, if you put that in the drum, which
 I always have done, it's completely pointless, and it's because it's to do with the charging
 of it.
 So fabric softener is partly there to stop your static clothes sticking together, and
 it does that by being positively charged so that the negatively charged clothes bind with
 it and become neutralized.
 So there you go, that's kind of what it does, but it has the opposite charge to your washing
 powder, so if you put them in at the same time in the drum, they cancel each other out,
 and it doesn't do any good.
 So if you are like me, and you're just tipping your fabric softener in the drum, stop it,
 and stop using all of it and be more ethical like these guys.
 Get the egg.
 Get the plaster.
 I swear, get the egg in the granules.
 Get the giant penguin egg.
 Yeah.
 Get it in the washing machine.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 I'm going to study one wedding present thing.
 So it's based on a fact I discovered, which is that in 2015, Cristiano Ronaldo bought his
 agent, George Mendes and his wife, Sandra, Greek Island as the present.
 So they're best friends.
 I think he was best man at his wedding, or vice versa.
 So they're very close, health sweet, bought in the Greek Island, and I was just like,
 how do you buy someone a Greek Island?
 And do you know this website called privateislandsonline.com, which just has loads of islands for
 sale.
 And this, when Greece went through the credit crunch, I didn't realise, but lots of economists
 advise, and eventually they went with it, advise that they put up a bunch of their islands
 for sale to make back some of the money.
 I have been on this website, I think.
 Have you got an island?
 No, I think like if memory serves, you go on, and it's like some of them are like not beyond
 the realms of possibility of someone like me could buy, but it's always like a tiny island
 in a lock, in the northernmost part of Scotland, and it says no electricity, no water, no ability
 to get to the island.
 Well, you know, you'd be living a little bit off-grid, yes, but I still think the cheapest
 Greek one I found was five million US dollars.
 So if, you know...
 If we all club together...
 If those bastards in Levington's bar actually chipped in, and dug deep.
 Maybe, I don't know what the mortgage offers are on this.
 It's Strogillo Island, or Strogillo Island, it's got beaches around the edge.
 OK, here we are, no such thing as a fish island.
 Everyone is listening, chips in a bit, and everyone gets to go there.
 OK, lovely.
 I love it, let's do it.
 We can get five million dollars, it's 54 acres, so we could all fit.
 Is there anything on it?
 Some trees, it's very green, it's very verdant.
 Sounds lovely.
 Oh, and it's got power in some, I mean...
 The power station.
 There is a new clear power station in the middle, and it had a little hiccup a few years ago,
 but honestly, it's fine.
 It's fine, it's fine.
 Anyway, just something to bear in mind, I think.
 Yes, get that kickstart to go.
 Yeah, I think I will.
 Get an island.
 Lovely.
 Can I do animal gifts, wedding gifts?
 Can we do this quickly?
 Technically known as not-pretty-all-gifts, and there are lots of animals that give each
 other a presence before mating.
 Did you know about this?
 So, usually the males, occasionally it's females that offer something, and it's usually food.
 But the really cool one I found was the nursery web spider.
 So the males approach the female and give her a gift of usually an insect, and he wraps
 them up in silk.
 And the females prefer the wrapped ones, they like the white, shiny, wrapped-up presents.
 But he'll give her the present, and she will open it and start eating it.
 And meanwhile, he's getting busy with what he needs to do, so they start mating while
 she's opening her present right there, and generally-
 She's awake.
 You just wait until I'm awake.
 No, no.
 It's sort of the whole point.
 And if she can-
 At least sing happy birthday.
 No, no.
 He's mating while she's-
 So she's opening the present, but basically, because it's wrapped up, he can cheat, and
 they don't always put something inside.
 No way.
 That's so funny.
 It's like deal or no deal.
 Yeah, yeah.
 So basically, some of them are like, "Well, I'll just put this whole piece of shit in
 here."
 No one's going to know until she's opened it, because it takes a bit of time.
 And if she opens it and she's like, "What is the-" Okay.
 And then basically-
 Too late.
 Too late.
 I've done enough.
 Yeah.
 And so then she'll be like, "No, off you get.
 We're going now."
 But the male-
 They also do a thing where-
 So Hickton, I mean, this is from the paper, actually.
 There's a study of this, and I just thought this is a lovely sentence.
 However, if the female moves and attempts to terminate the copulation, the male may
 perform Thanatosis, which is death-thaining behavior.
 He stretches out his legs, which is unique to this species.
 The male then ends the insertion and grasps the gift with his chelicerae, which was like
 mouth parts.
 And then the female moves away while holding onto the gift, and the male is dragged along
 behind the female until eventually she'll give up, and then he revives and resumes
 mating.
 Wait.
 Okay, I was going to ask what his end game is here, because I thought he was just trying
 to get the present back.
 Yeah, me too.
 Do we gift it?
 Well, I don't think we really know.
 I mean, his end game is to basically try and make it as long as possible, because the
 longer they go, the more chance they have of fertilizing.
 And so basically breaking-
 Like, giving her a crap present is not a great idea, because she will be like, "No,
 I'm going to stop now because there's nothing in here."
 And the better the present you get, the more time, but it seems that sometimes they just
 don't have anything, or they're really hungry, and they eat the gift first, so they take
 the insect, they eat it.
 Honestly, I did buy you a bottle of wine, but it was a long-training journey.
 Anyway, here's the bottle.
 Exactly.
 Hannah, stop mixing with me.
 And you never invited me back.
 Hannah fainting death to me, slunching the white bottle in her mouth.
 OK, it's time for our final fact, and that is James.
 OK, my fact this week is that hermit crabs are facing a housing crisis.
 Join the club.
 Oh, this is so sad.
 Sorry, Belle, everyone.
 Dink, dink, dink.
 What do you mean?
 I think it's relatively self-explanatory in that hermit crabs, as you might know, don't
 have their own shells, so they go and find a new shell, and usually it's one that's discarded.
 But it turns out that there aren't as many shells as there used to be.
 There's various different reasons.
 One reason is because gastropods, shell creatures are shrinking, the populations are shrinking.
 But the paper's basically analysed photographs of crabs online and found--
 Social media pictures of hermit crabs.
 Pretty much, yeah.
 They basically went onto Instagram and looked for hermit crabs, and found loads of pictures
 of them using bottle caps, soda cans, Lego bricks.
 A really scary bit is the broken end of a light bulb, so the metal bit that you screw
 in, they used that.
 Yeah.
 It's quite a few pictures of hermit crabs.
 I guess those are very durable in the ocean, I suppose, as they just last a lot of time,
 don't they?
 I think that's one of the other reasons they're doing it, just because it's what's there.
 Right.
 Yeah.
 And there was another study in 2019 that found that half a million hermit crabs are dying
 every year after getting stuck inside bottles and things like that.
 So it's bad news for hermit crabs.
 It is.
 I mean, it's kind of mad.
 Apparently as well, this plastic starts to smell like dead crabs, and that's one reason
 why they come towards them.
 So there's this stuff called dimethyl sulfide, which is this molecule that does all sorts
 of important things like make clouds, and it comes off plankton in the ocean.
 But it also, it's like, it's the smell of a rotting crab, but it sticks to the outside
 of plastic stuff, plastic pollution in the ocean.
 So one reason, possibly, why these crabs are going for the Coke bottle lids and yogurt
 pots is because they think it smells like a dead crab, and therefore it's a shell that's
 just been left behind by another crab.
 Because you would use that naturally.
 Yeah, yeah, exactly.
 So the thermocrabs will use whatever they can find.
 So in Madagascar, there was a beach where there's a big cliff full of fossil shells,
 so really old shells, and the crabs will wait at the bottom of the cliff, waiting for the
 fossils to drop out, and then they will use those as their home.
 That's so cool.
 That's like buying like a period property, like a listed building.
 They're not allowed to decorate though.
 No, no, no.
 That's amazing.
 So they will use all sorts of things.
 It's really interesting what you said about how they'll go towards the smell of a dead
 crab, because obviously in nature that's very unusual, isn't it?
 Like usually if a member of your species has died, you would usually give that a bit of
 a wide berth.
 Yeah, unless you want to eat it.
 Well, yeah, which is what they do, I think, as well, right?
 They might do.
 But yeah, you're right.
 It's not a good smell.
 Like carrion, rotting carrion is not.
 So what happens is that sometimes they'll climb into a bottle, and because the bottle's
 smooth, they can't get out.
 So they'll die.
 And then the smell of the dead crab comes out, and then the next crab goes, oh, great.
 Dead crab goes into the bottle, and then they get stuck.
 Oh, no, it's like a horror film.
 And then the next crab goes to find that dead crab, and then you've got a bottle full of
 dead crabs.
 Oh, God.
 And another kind of crazy thing about this is that maybe it's actually kind of makes
 sense from the crab's point of view, because if there's a ton of plastic around and you
 want to hide, then you hide inside the plastic.
 And then predators might also not really have figured out that there might be crabs inside
 of yoghurt pots.
 And so they haven't kind of learned yet to go looking.
 So it could be actually an advantage for the crabs.
 And they're also lighter.
 Yeah.
 As a shell.
 Yeah, they're all pretty flue.
 They take almost no energy to pick up.
 They're all really clever.
 They sort of, the way they do it.
 So they sometimes evict each other.
 So if you have outgrown your shell and you spotted a hermit crab with a shell that would
 be perfect for your current size, they go over and bang on the shell with their claws.
 They do.
 And before the fight breaks out, they'll show each other their claws.
 Because if you've got the bigger claws, then generally you're the one who wins.
 So they try not to have a fight.
 They'll be like, look, I'm this big, and the other one will, they'll compare claw size.
 And that can deflect fights.
 That would be good.
 You know, in boxing at the start, before the boxing fight, they always come up to each
 other and sort of like stand head to head and sort of talk to each other.
 It would be good if every time one of them just went, oh, no, I'm going to lose this.
 You're way bigger than me.
 Is that the weigh-in, James?
 Yeah, yeah.
 Are they actually weighed at that point?
 Yes, they are.
 Because in most weights, there's a maximum weight you can be, and they try and get as
 close to that as possible.
 And are they both, I've always wondered this about boxing, are they both standing on the
 same set of scales?
 Because they're standing right facing each other and looking at each other.
 I always wonder if there's one big set of scales in the middle that they both have to
 get on.
 As in, like one of those balance scales that goes up and down, and now it's one set of
 scales and they take turns.
 Oh, they do?
 Okay.
 You've got to use the same set.
 Oh, sure.
 Yeah, yeah.
 But it would be nice if there was a joint set, and they could both use it at the same time.
 And if it goes over the weight.
 Just a seesaw.
 Exactly.
 And it has to be exactly balanced.
 Yeah.
 And it would be nice, actually it would be nicer if in the middle of the boxing ring
 was a seesaw.
 And whoever wins the seesaw.
 How do you win at seesaw?
 Do not win.
 Yeah.
 That was a very competitive trial.
 Absolutely.
 Crush them on the little springy dogs at the park today.
 Hermit crabs, hermit crabs.
 Hermit crabs.
 So they do actually decorate their homes quite well.
 And so we've talked about the way they move house, but when they're living in their house,
 they do various things.
 The anemone hermit crab gets anemones and sticks them to its shell.
 And I think it's because they've got stinging tentacles that affect other passers by.
 And so it's a little bit of protection.
 The anemone gets some food, but when they move shells, they do then take all the furniture
 with them.
 The flat doesn't come furnished.
 So I think they spend ages.
 Is this right?
 They spent ages prizing off the anemones.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 There's a species of deep sea anemone that was discovered just last year.
 And they got a couple into the aquarium.
 And this was a scientist in Japan.
 And it spent two days trying to move the anemone.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 It was like pinching it and pulling it and like just generally trying to get it to let
 go.
 And then you've got to persuade it to cling on to the new one as well.
 Oh my God.
 It just doesn't want to move.
 Yeah.
 The anemone, I don't know if it knows.
 But basically just, I don't know.
 But it's just not cooperating.
 It just clings on, right?
 It just clings on.
 But the crab is like, well, they might not get another anemone and they're in short supply.
 So you have to bring them with you.
 Wow.
 So great.
 Yeah.
 That's really amazing.
 It's like the worst blue tack ever when you're moving out of a house.
 It's scraping away.
 Two days.
 Yeah.
 Why don't I put that poster up?
 Have you heard of Aki Inomata?
 She's a Japanese artist.
 No.
 I don't think so.
 She does collaborations with animals and one of the animals that she's done an art project
 with is a hermit crab.
 Okay.
 So she's 3D printed miniature cities.
 Oh yeah.
 Hi CDs.
 And she puts the miniature city sort of model she's built on top of a shell and then lets
 her hermit crab move into that.
 It is cool.
 I mean, I guess it's also not a natural shell, which would be the best thing.
 But it's an interesting, you know.
 They won't move into anything.
 Like you give them like make them little Lego homes, they'll move it, they'll try that.
 And I looked a bit more into her work Inomata.
 She's done another project, which is called I wear the dog's hair and the dog wears my
 hair.
 Okay.
 And she and her dog wore capes made from each other's hair.
 Okay.
 And it looks a lot nicer than you would think it would look.
 When you say collaboration.
 It was the dog's idea.
 She said, I collected the hair of a dog called Ciello and my own hair over a number of years
 and then make clothes out of my hair for the dog and the dog's hair for myself so we can
 exchange coats.
 The two species, human beings and dogs have developed together over the ages.
 This work examines the relationship between a human and her pet.
 Okay.
 What kind of dog was it?
 I just want to know what kind of patterning it had.
 Small dog.
 Oh, wow.
 Was it spotty or stropey or?
 Just brown, I think.
 I'm just wondering if it's a small dog.
 What kind of outfit you can make really?
 It's wearing quite a natty little waistcoat.
 It looks good.
 Nice.
 And she's wearing a kind of cool sleeveless jacket thing.
 So the dog's waistcoat is made out of her hair.
 That's right.
 So why don't we make more clothes out of human hair?
 Yeah, Andy.
 That's a good question.
 Oh, I don't know.
 Let's do it.
 Well, one creepy, I would say.
 Yeah.
 But I mean, you get a lot of, I mean, I guess they use, like, when you get your haircut,
 like, if it's good hair, they'll use it for making wigs and that's a good wigs.
 That's good.
 Well, that's true.
 Maybe we do that instead.
 I don't know.
 I just wondered.
 Probably.
 I mean, this woman's a very good artist, it sounds like.
 And probably most people who try to make clothes out of human hair would look like shit.
 Yeah.
 But if you think of all the head and shoulders you have to put in the washing machine, do
 you guys know about, I really love historical manias, and I think we often cover them on
 the show.
 And I don't think we've talked about conchillomania or conchillomania.
 In the 18th century, people just got really obsessed with collecting shells, didn't they?
 I really did.
 And it sounds like a really fun time to be alive and the.
 Ponds, you'll die at 40.
 Pros.
 Lovely shell collections of conchillomania.
 Yeah.
 Worth it.
 So, I suppose, like, a lot of these manias, it's a time when people in the Western world
 or in Europe are exploring more, so they're finding more exciting shells around the world.
 The most valued was this one called Glory of the Sea.
 Have you seen a Glory of the Sea show?
 I have.
 Yes.
 They're not that impressive, are they?
 Well, no, you're right.
 I've seen one that was like, was from that time, and it was collected by Victoria Collectors
 in the Natural History Museum.
 Oh, cool.
 Come back.
 But, yeah, it's because no one had one, and so, therefore, you know, the few that existed.
 Is that the one where there's a story about someone buying another one?
 He had one already, bought another one at auction, and then immediately smashed it to pieces.
 In order to up the value of the first one.
 Yeah, I've heard that story.
 And that might just be aproposal.
 I don't know if it's true, but it's that kind of level of me.
 It was that vibe.
 Yeah, yeah.
 There's definitely one that's sold for three times more than a Vermeer painting at the
 same auction.
 And then there was this awful moment where we slightly got over the shell collecting
 obsession by the 20th century, but they were still really valuable.
 And I think in 1966, there were only 41 known specimens in the world.
 And then in 1969, we just found this habitat in New Guinea where they all live, and now
 there are tons of them.
 Scuba divers found them, didn't they?
 Yeah.
 I think, yeah.
 And there's probably not so many left for hermit crabs now.
 No, that's true.
 Actually, I don't know if they're good for hermit crabs.
 They've got quite small openings.
 They are very petite.
 It would have to.
 It was the very lower end of the housing market, I think.
 Yeah.
 That's the first time.
 Yeah.
 You've written a whole book about shells.
 I have.
 Spirals in Time.
 That's correct.
 Such a great title.
 Thank you.
 Can I ask you, Helen, about periostracum?
 Oh.
 I might be saying it wrong.
 I say periostracum, but you know, I'm making that up as well.
 You're an actual expert in this field, so I'm going to go with what you're saying.
 Is it true that shells, this is like a skin?
 Yes.
 Shells have skin in life.
 Some do.
 Yeah.
 So it's like a hairy layer that grows on the outside.
 I think it's like a probably camouflage, probably some sort of protective thing that
 makes them look less like a shell and more like a bit of weedy rock.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 All the shells that we see, well, no, like lots of them will have had skin.
 That's weird, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 Isn't that weird?
 I find it a bit weird.
 It's quite weird.
 Yeah.
 And then the thing is like cowries, which are really shiny.
 They seem like big, lovely, shiny cowrie shells.
 The reason they're shiny is because part of their body called the mantle, which is like
 the pink bit on a muscle when you eat muscles.
 That's the mantle.
 Anyway, it falls over the outside when they're alive, so they cover themselves in like a
 part of their body, which means they stay nice and shiny and they don't have like stuff
 growing on them.
 That's why they are so like porcelain-y kind of shiny glassy.
 Is it porcelain or is the Italian for cowrie shell, I think?
 Oh, is it?
 Yeah.
 Cool.
 There you go.
 Yeah.
 It was named after the cowrie shell, I think.
 Ooh, that's cool.
 And the cowrie shell was named porcelain-er because it reminded people of a pig's vagina.
 Yeah, cowrie's got a lot of that sort of stuff going on.
 You can't see that when you picture a cowrie shell.
 I mean, yeah.
 I can see it.
 First thing that springs to mind.
 If you've only ever seen a cowrie shell or a pig's vagina, basically you've seen them
 both.
 I think that's correct.
 Yeah, I would say.
 For people at home.
 It's true, Helen, that we don't really know how shells form when animals grow their own
 shells.
 The process of biomineralization, I mean, it's a bit of a mystery.
 It's still a bit of a mystery because it's one of those things that takes a very long
 time.
 I think there's a lot going on.
 There's like a protein scaffold that gets laid down first, I think, and then the calcium
 carbonate, which is the hard stuff, gets laid down in that.
 And it's all at the outer edge of it.
 They harvest the calcium ions and carbonate ions from seawater and then combine the two
 of them together and they make crystals of calcium carbonate, which then go on this
 scaffold.
 Right.
 It sounds like we do know how it's made.
 Yeah.
 Okay, but again.
 I mean, that's a broad brush.
 We know what happens.
 But how?
 And also why?
 Yeah, exactly.
 And then it can be.
 But I just think that's insane that they can harvest.
 But they don't know that they're doing it.
 It's not on their chemist.
 It doesn't make it less impressive.
 Well, it does make it a bit less impressive, but I do think it's just amazing.
 It's really cool.
 The world's most exclusive textile is made from a bivalve and I'd never heard of this.
 Have you seen this?
 It's made from the pen shell.
 So a bivalve is like a mussel, right?
 Or a snappy shell.
 Yeah, I think with two shells.
 A snappy shell.
 A pack man.
 A pack man.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 There are only 60 items known to be made of this special silk from this special pen shell.
 And so you've seen one of these things and basically they're huge, aren't they?
 The shells?
 They're like a metre tall.
 Yeah, I mean, they used to be.
 Now they're not.
 They're doing quite badly now and there's not as big.
 Yeah, they can.
 It's basically like a beard.
 Oh, like when you have mussels, if you eat moulmagne and you pull off the mossy beardy
 bits, the same stuff.
 The threads.
 The threads, exactly.
 And then you use this hair to embed ourselves in the seed bed, right, that little root.
 And then you make this amazing silk out of it.
 Yeah, you go through it.
 It goes through stages of processing.
 I went to Sardinia, which is really where the only people left who do it.
 What?
 And I saw them going through.
 In fact, I think there's one woman left I read.
 Did you meet one?
 Yeah.
 I met that one woman.
 Oh.
 Chiara Vigo.
 I don't know if I should be mean.
 No, I'm not going to be mean, but she claims to be the last living mistress of sea silk,
 as it's called.
 But I met several other people who do it.
 And this is explosive news to me and probably no one else.
 No, and it's all in the book.
 It's inspires and time.
 I talk about it.
 I met her and she's kind of all like very woo-woo about it and she can go into her little
 workshop and she does all this kind of, oh, and here it is, and I do all these things.
 But then, yeah, I met two other women who've learned it from there because it's handed.
 No one does it because you're not allowed to harvest these things anymore, but from
 the fact they're not doing very well because they've just been wiped out by disease, pen
 shells are now protected, so you can't go and take one to get there.
 So did you call the police on this one?
 Well, no, because she claims that she can sustainably harvest them, but no one's allowed
 to watch her do it.
 That was the part where I was like, oh, okay.
 Yes, because she says she doesn't harm the shell, no she doesn't harm you.
 She's like, no, no, they're fine, they grow back and I'm like, they do grow back, but
 I don't know how fast and if it's fast enough and she doesn't let anyone watch her while
 she's doing it.
 Oh, interesting.
 I will keep the pig alive while I make this bacon sandwich, but I must do it in a closed
 room and you can't come in.
 You might hear some squealing, that's me.
 I just love bacon so much.
 Okay, that's it.
 That's all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening, everybody.
 And if you want to get in touch with any of us, you can find these guys on some of their
 social medias.
 Andy, you're on...
 Twitter @AndrewHunterM.
 James.
 My Instagram is @noseachsinglesJamesHarkin.
 Helen, do you have any online address?
 I do.
 Twitter is @HelenSkales and Instagram is @DrHelenSkales because someone already had HelenSkales.
 DrHelenSkales on Instagram or you can email podcast@QI.com or you can go to our Twitter
 account @noseuchthing or Instagram @noseuchthing as a fish or go to our website noseuchthingasafish.com
 where you'll find links to our brand new tour, which is selling out fast so please get there
 because we have so much fun.
 We're going around the UK, Ireland, Australia, New Zealand, do come see us in any of those
 places.
 Way more important than that is please, buy all of Helen's books.
 They're amazing, but definitely buy the latest book, which is...
 What the Wild Sea can be.
 It's such a romantic title, I love it.
 Do you like it?
 I came up with it first.
 Normally the title comes last.
 Sparrow's in Time was particularly painful.
 That was last minute.
 But this one I came up first.
 Yeah.
 All the Wild Sea can be.
 But it has optimism in it, doesn't it?
 Oh, definitely.
 Yeah, that's kind of the point.
 It's like let's not give up and there's lots of things that's hopeful and hopefully there's
 some fun things in there too.
 So do that and come back again next week to catch us again.
 We will see you then.
 Goodbye.
 I've never heard of that, I've got to look it up when I go.
 It's fucking good.
 It genuinely works.
 What temperature?
 Because that's the other thing.
 Oh yeah, 150 Celsius.
 Okay.
 For three hours.
 No, fine, fine.
 Good, good, good.
 Just checking.
 [Music]
 [Music]
 [Music]
 [Music]
 (upbeat music)
