 *odd noises*
 Hello and welcome to another episode of no such thing as a fish a weekly podcast coming
 to you from the QI offices in Covern Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber and I am sitting here with James Harkin, Andrew Hunter Murray
 and Annotzzynski and once again we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite
 facts from the last seven days and in no particular order here we go.
 Starting with fact number one and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that a pub in London has just renamed itself the Bill Murray.
 However, because they couldn't get his permission they had to name it after William Murray
 who was King Charles the first whipping boy instead.
 So this is a pub in Angel, North London and they wanted to give tribute as a fact that
 they were renovating the pub and renaming it but there's a law that you can't name
 a thing like a pub after a living person unless you get their absolute permission.
 That's why they needed his permission.
 Try to not know.
 That's why you don't see pubs called like the Pears Morgan everywhere.
 Did he try to get Bill Murray's permission?
 They did quite a few things.
 They found a friend of Bill Murray's brother who they got in contact with.
 Bill Murray famously doesn't have an agent but there's a number that you can call him on
 and propose projects.
 And they left.
 Or for parts too presumably that's the main function of that.
 Exactly.
 His answer phone is his agent and he listens to them so I think they left a few messages
 on that and they were going to take an ad out in the newspaper in the local city where
 he lives so that he might see it just in the paper but then they thought that's a bit
 creepy.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 He's such a fun guy, Bill Murray.
 He's always crashing random people's parties isn't he?
 Yes.
 He's a bit of a legendary character in that sense.
 Do you think it's because he assumes he's been invited but hasn't got the invite?
 Yeah.
 He went to a 22 year old Norwegian students party I think and then started doing the washing
 up halfway through it which is such a massive sacrifice if you've ever washed up anything
 in a student's party.
 That's amazing.
 Yeah.
 It's one of those things where there's a lot of these stories and the assumption is that
 they're all fake.
 So actually there has been a site that's set up where you can share your personal Bill
 Murray stories.
 I think it's called Bill Murray Stories.com.
 It's a good name.
 Yeah.
 It's confusing though, right?
 But so yeah.
 So like all these stories that turns out they are true of people constantly submitting stories
 about William.
 They should have childhood whipping boy and childhood first.
 Actually you should explain what a whipping boy is.
 Yeah.
 So being non-British I had never heard of a whipping boy until I heard about William Murray
 and it is unbelievable.
 The idea of a whipping boy, this is back King Charles of Rosa.
 He was 1600s and what would happen is as a child if the prince was naughty.
 There was this rule where you couldn't hit them and you couldn't make them be disciplined
 off the back of a slapper or anything.
 So they had a best friend who was called the whipping boy.
 If they did anything bad, their best friend would get beaten for it.
 They tried to encourage friendship between the whipping boy and the young prince so that
 the prince would have an incentive not to behave badly.
 Do you know what an even bigger incentive would be if the prince actually just got whipped
 every time he behaved badly?
 I know, but the divine right of kings, it's an absolute kicker.
 Yeah.
 So that was it wasn't it.
 It was because kings are ruled by divine right and so no one's allowed to punish the king
 except God himself.
 Although Charles did later go on to be punished in a very big way by Parliament.
 Yes.
 He was able to nominate Bill Murray to be executed in that place.
 I struggled to find evidence that much whipping was done with the whipping boy and whether
 it was a bit of a nominal thing and idealised thing and actually it was a really privileged
 position wasn't it?
 So he eventually was given a great estate somewhere and they often were knighted or became
 important members of the Nability.
 There was a historical society I read about where they had a debate about where the William
 Murray actually liked Charles I first or not and they did a big debate and they all voted
 that he would definitely not have liked Charles I first.
 How come?
 Because he was getting beaten up every time.
 Let's be honest all kids are little shit so what you would do is you would always at least
 be threatening your friends that you're going to do something naughty and you're going
 to go beat up for it.
 You would and even if I do it to my best friend if I was 10, even if it was your friend, friend
 doesn't mean much when you're 10 years old except someone to be tortured.
 I discovered another role which you three might know but I think non-Britz won't know.
 The necessary woman was someone who was effectively personal cleaner to the king and had what
 was seen as a very very important job of emptying the toilet.
 That was seen as like a high privilege but the title was the necessary woman.
 Is there anything more necessary than someone tipping the poo out of your toilet?
 No there is not.
 There's also a whipping father in existence.
 I'm surprised I hadn't come across this but this is a Christmas character who is a French
 Christmas character who accompanies St Nicholas on his rounds on St Nicholas Day on the
 6th of December and St Nicholas tradition has it goes around and dispenses nice stuff to
 children who've done well but he's also accompanied by the whipping father, the pair Fouetta who
 judges whether or not a child's been naughty and if it has whips it.
 Where is this?
 France and Belgium.
 Wow.
 And is Santa cool with this?
 Feels like he should step in.
 Santa's pro.
 Yeah.
 Santa is an ass like if you think about it because he is deciding on whether people get gifts
 on them.
 Yeah who made him like moral.
 Exactly.
 He was right and right.
 He has the authority.
 Yeah.
 Like Christmas knows he has a list.
 He only checks it twice.
 Like I've loads of things I've checked twice and then the third time I've realised there was
 a mistake.
 That's true.
 Most of the job of Father Christmas is data entry and then there's a brief careering service
 at the end of it.
 Can you imagine that?
 You're given this amazing role of being Santa and you didn't realise that for 364 days
 it's at it.
 It's Excel.
 It's all spreadsheet.
 There are columns.
 Check one.
 Check two.
 Presidents delivered, child whipped question mark.
 Just while we're on whipping boys and people being punished for things that aren't their
 fault.
 So this kind of extended into adulthood as well.
 So Henry IV of France, he became Catholic or he had a ceremony with the Catholic Church
 in 1593 but he obviously had to do penance.
 So what he did instead, he sent two ambassadors to Rome and he said to the Pope, look if I've
 done anything wrong just punish these guys will you?
 And these two ambassadors were beaten on the steps of some Peters while singing the
 misery by the representatives of the Pope.
 Wow.
 So the Pope didn't even go out and beat them himself.
 He sent bloody representatives out saying if you need to be beaten please let my representatives
 do.
 Yeah.
 The Pope is very much the Father Christmas in this situation.
 So some other William Murray's.
 Oh yeah.
 So we've got Bill Murray, haven't we and we've got the whipping boy William Murray.
 There's a William Murray who wrote the Peter and Jane books, do you remember those?
 No.
 It was children's books.
 80 million of these were sold around the world and they're extremely kind of simple books
 like Peter plays with the ball.
 Jane climbs a hill.
 That's good for you.
 He works out that 12 words make a quarter of all words used by children.
 Wow.
 And they are a and he I in is it of that, the two and was.
 And so we wrote all these books to kind of just try and teach you those words first.
 Because if you can get those ones nailed to them, the other 20,000 that you learn just
 kind of immediately.
 I'd love it.
 Please tell me he wrote the books just including all of those words which are just a sequence
 of prepositions and conjunctions and no nouns, no verbs just.
 You can say that was I if you're a pirate child.
 Yeah.
 So that would be page one.
 What have you got for page two?
 Ooh.
 That was she.
 She isn't one of them.
 And there was a guy called William Murray who invented vacations.
 What do you mean?
 The concept of vacation.
 Yeah.
 So he was American and he there's a mountain range called the ad ion DAX.
 And he used to take people up there to go walking.
 And it used to be that you would call it holiday, the British people called it holiday.
 But he called it kind of vacating your home and going to these mountains.
 And so he kind of coined the word vacation.
 Wow.
 So when you go away.
 That's very cool.
 Yeah.
 Vacation really sounds like an advertisement to Boglars, doesn't it?
 You act to be saying I'm emptying my house for the week.
 I think it sounds medical.
 Do you?
 Yes.
 Like vacating your balls.
 Yes.
 I'm afraid so.
 I'm afraid so.
 What?
 It's like you're talking to your necessary woman.
 I'm afraid.
 I vacated.
 Once again, it's not the kind of vacation you were hoping to happen to me.
 Okay.
 We're going to have to move on to our next facts soon.
 So we can just say a couple of things about pubs.
 Yeah.
 So Bizarre Coincidence, the pub with the longest name in the country, is in the same town as
 the pub with the shortest name in the country, which is Staley Bridge.
 And I think this is actually like, it's almost in Manchester.
 But yeah, isn't that weird?
 So it's got the queue in, which is just a queue.
 And then it's got the longest name pub in the country, which is the old 13th Cheshire Astley
 Volunteer Rifleman call in.
 Also, there are four pubs in the UK called the Blob Shop.
 If that's a derogatory reference to women's mental cycles, then I think that's still okay.
 I'm afraid it is.
 Oh, that kind of vacation again.
 I got this fact from Chordall, the comedy website.
 They reported on the fact that they were changing the name.
 And at the bottom of the article, they had a link to other comedian named pubs.
 So these were all in the UK.
 There's the Eric Bartholomew, and that's in Morkum, and that's after Eric Morkum, very lovely.
 There's the four candles in Oxford, which is a tribute to the Ronnie Barker, the two Ronnie
 Sketch.
 Trolley Chaplin has one in Elephant and Castle, but it's being demolished.
 But in the article, they point out that it might not actually be missed, because the
 online reviews for it include unremitting horror and what a shit hole.
 Oh, I go.
 Yeah, well, I think it's been demolished now, unfortunately.
 Very quickly.
 In 2013, a glittering ceremony to reward pubs and clubs in Wiggen for preventing night scene
 violence ended in a fight.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two, and that is James.
 Okay, my fact this week is that it is impossible to paint a picture with the world's blackest
 black and the world's pinkest pink because it's a really bad clash.
 It would be, wouldn't it?
 Actually, I think they go very nicely together, but why is it impossible?
 So the pinkest pink has been invented by an artist called Stuart Semple, and he sort of
 has control of this pigment, but the blackest black is under control of another artist called
 Anish Kapoor, and Anish Kapoor doesn't want anyone else to use it, so Stuart Semple has
 said anyone can use my pink apart from Anish Kapoor.
 When you go onto his website to buy it, you have to promise that you are not Anish Kapoor,
 you are no way affiliated with Anish Kapoor.
 You are not purchasing this item on behalf of Anish Kapoor or an associate of Anish Kapoor.
 To the best of your knowledge, information and belief, this paint will not make its way
 into the hands of Anish Kapoor.
 It's such a nice idea.
 So basically, everyone in the world can use the pink apart from Anish Kapoor, and only
 Anish Kapoor, no one else in the world can use the black.
 Yeah.
 So the way that they measure the blackest black is that it's how much light it absorbs
 and reflects.
 And this blackest black absorbs all but 0.035% of the light that you shine on it, which
 is very black indeed, and the previous record was 0.040, so it's kind of incrementally increasing.
 They can only make tiny amounts of it as well, so he can't really paint a huge amount.
 When he started, they could make two square centimetre patches of it, but it's made
 of these stems of colour, which are really, really, really tall and not at all white.
 So it's like the forest of palm trees, basically.
 Yeah.
 When you say really tall, you mean not really tall?
 I mean tiny.
 Absolutely tiny.
 Sorry.
 What I mean is there are 300 times as tall as they are white.
 And so one of the guys said it's like splitting a hair 10,000 times to make one of these
 things.
 And then when you shine a light in it, it gets reflected all around inside this forest
 of pine trees, basically, until it gets absorbed and dissipated as heat.
 So the light turns into heat because it can't make its way out.
 The moon absorbs 88% of the light that hits it, so it only reflects 12% of visible light.
 So the moon, which always looks obviously white to us, or bright silvery, actually, is the
 colour of worn pavement.
 Yeah.
 And that's because it's against an extremely dark sky, isn't it?
 And actually, comets are even more absorbent of light, only 2 to 4% of light is reflected.
 So actually they're extremely dark, but again, they're against a night sky, so you can kind
 of see them better.
 To compare that lump of coal is about 8%.
 Oh, wow.
 So they're four times darker than a lump of coal.
 That's amazing.
 So that's the moon is almost the colour of a lump of coal, really?
 Yeah, pretty much, yeah.
 On pink, got a question for you guys, what colour is pink?
 It's like a mixture of white and red.
 No.
 Oh.
 Pink is dark yellow.
 Yeah.
 Originally, if you go to the--
 Originally.
 Originally, they're the revamps.
 What?
 So I was reading this book called The Accidental Dictionary.
 It's by Paul Anthony Jones, otherwise known as Haggard Hawks, on Twitter.
 And in it, he points out that back in the mid-15th century, pink was a yellowish or greenish
 yellow lake pigment made by combining a vegetable colouring matter with a white base.
 So originally, that's what pink was defined as.
 That's amazing.
 It's a dark yellow.
 What's interesting as well is they're not quite sure about the etymology of the word pink,
 but there's a lot of theories.
 And one of the theories is that it comes from a German word, which is pink on, and that
 means to piss.
 So the colour of dark urine.
 And that's why it sits pink.
 It's someone who sits down to go to the Lou.
 Oh, and that's why during the World Cup of the Euros, when they were in Germany, they
 had a problem with football fans urinating everywhere, and they called it the pinkal problem.
 It was also very manly, used to be very masculine.
 So pink was seen as a version of red, which was a kind of a warlike colour.
 And so pink was the colour that men would wear.
 And I think there's a quote, even from 1918, a trade catalog in 1918, which recommends blue
 for girls close, for young girls close, and pink for boys close, because blue was the colour
 of the Virgin Mary as well.
 So you'd have pink for boys, blue for girls.
 Even in 1927, I found a thing from Time magazine, there was a princess who'd given birth, and
 they said, "Oh, we were hoping for a boy, but unfortunately we've painted the nursery pink
 to get ready for it, and unfortunately it's a girl, so we've got to repaint the nursery."
 Wow, she's a princess as well, that's kind of...
 It's true, it's really strange.
 If you're a flamingo, and you're pink, like a little bit pink, I'm talking about the
 modern day colour pink here.
 If you're a little bit pink and you've got a mate who's really pink, your mate who's
 really pink will be more popular than you.
 The more pink you are, the more popular you are as a flamingo.
 How do you get more pink?
 Eat more algae.
 Right.
 Okay.
 So I mean, that's really achievable.
 It's something to aim for at least, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 And it's a study by Paul Rose at the University of Exeter.
 Paul Rose.
 Rose.
 Oh yeah.
 Yeah.
 So, you guys all have to watch David Attenborough's Planet Earth 2, and I don't know if you guys have
 seen it.
 Do you see the one this week?
 It focused on some flamingos, which live up in the Andes, I think, they're the flamingos
 that live higher than any other flamingo in the world.
 Wow.
 So it's one of these places, which is extremely hot in the daytime, and extremely cold
 overnight, and the lake that you sit in freezes overnight, and they just stand there and it freezes
 over their legs.
 And then in the morning, they have to spend a couple of hours pulling their legs out of
 the ice and then trying to walk to the shore and then falling back into the ice.
 You would think that one flamingo would have worked out maybe that we should go and sit on
 a tree on the ice.
 Oh yeah.
 That happens every night.
 I mean, come on guys.
 Stand on the bank.
 Yeah.
 I think we've said before that the inside of their egg shells is pink, and the yolks of
 their eggs is pink.
 I think we've mentioned that before.
 Yeah.
 Also, we only mentioned this on the TV show, so a lot of the podcast listeners might know
 of heard this, but we got sent in a new story that Australia has one flamingo.
 Is that right?
 Is that the flamingo?
 Yes.
 It's like 85 years old or something.
 Really old flamingo.
 Hey, if you want the accurate version of that fact rather than the misremembered one, you
 should watch our TV show.
 No such thing as the news.
 Absolutely seamless.
 I didn't know I was being advertised too.
 Yeah, I found myself watching the show.
 I saw flamingos earlier this year for the first time in my life.
 Yeah.
 That's your life.
 Yeah.
 Sorry.
 I've grown up in South London.
 They may not have them in St James's Park.
 All right.
 It's literally in St James's Park.
 500 metres away.
 They don't have flamingos at St James's Park.
 Okay, clearly.
 All right.
 I saw them in Spain for the first time in my life.
 It's the first time I've been...
 All right.
 Go on.
 Tell us, is St James's Park?
 Are you sure they were flamingos?
 The woman dancing.
 Flamingos.
 The women stuck in ice every night.
 Yeah.
 They lay pink eggs, did you know?
 So it was in the 19th century.
 It's when they installed all the birds for the first time in the park.
 And they brought over these beautiful exotic birds.
 And they put them in.
 And people went along in their hundreds to throw stones at them to kill them.
 No.
 That was huge.
 And it was like a coconut shy at a fair.
 They would cheer whenever they got an especially big or beautiful one of the birds with a stone.
 Yeah, they killed them by the dozen.
 Just on colours.
 Do you know how purple was first made?
 By the Murex nail.
 Oh no, I mean made by human synthetic purple.
 This was first made by a guy called William Henry Perkin.
 And he was the first person ever to synthetically make colours.
 So we used to get colours from natural dyes that existed in the world like from beetles or shells or whatever.
 And this was in the 1850s.
 And he accidentally made purple while trying to cure malaria.
 And so that feels like a game for the world in one sense but a loss in another.
 He was trying to synthesise quinine which would help cure malaria and he failed to do it.
 But then he was rinsing out his flask with alcohol afterwards and he realised it created this purple solution.
 And that meant that he could make purple.
 And that was vital because dye was so expensive.
 Before, 9,000 mollusks were needed to create one gram of tyrian purple.
 One gram from 9,000.
 No, surely not.
 I know.
 Surely that would have got you a toga or something.
 No, I think a toga was many, many thousands.
 We had a million mollusks to get a single bromontone.
 I don't believe it.
 Only royalty ever wore purple because they didn't have enough mollusks in the world for anyone else.
 Did the world just used to be completely full of mollusks?
 There were trillions and trillions of mollusks everywhere.
 Yeah, it did.
 Have you heard of international Klein blue?
 Just more on the invention of colours.
 And more on patented colours as well.
 So Eve Klein, a famous artist in the 1960s and in 1960, Klein paid into the colour which he had kind of helped to develop.
 So this is not the first time someone's paid into the colour.
 And he called it international Klein blue.
 And he did a series of shows where he splashed it on nude models in a series of artistic events
 that the Guardian described as sexist even by 1960s standards.
 Wow.
 But that colour, Klein is dead now.
 The colour lives on. Do you know where?
 It stinks something that's blue.
 Yeah.
 A blue man group.
 The blue man group.
 No, you're kidding.
 Pay themself.
 I'm impressive.
 Wow.
 They've something blue.
 You came with that straight away.
 International Klein blue is the colour they paint themselves.
 So was Eve Klein the one who had an art exhibition? He was in his blue phase.
 And everyone came and there was just no art anywhere.
 And they just drank the champagne and left.
 And they're all like where the hell's all the art.
 But what he'd done would put something in their drink which made their urine blue.
 And so the exhibition was when they went for a pee afterwards.
 Yeah, so cool.
 Yeah.
 That's very cool.
 He's not the only person who have invented a blue.
 There's a new blue on the scene.
 Is there?
 Yeah.
 It's called Jay-Z Blue.
 It's Jay-Z who invented a blue.
 Or he had his team of designers who invented a new blue.
 You would think that the band blue should have invented a new blue.
 Yeah.
 That would have been clever.
 And then for the painting instructions it could just say, "Dab a D, dab a D."
 That was it.
 That was it.
 Can I just say, you should think Eiffel 65 should have invented a blue.
 Now your joke makes sense.
 So Jay-Z Blue just very quickly.
 It's a silver fish colour.
 It has tiny flecks of platinum in it.
 And the idea is that he wanted his own colour
 because he's going to be releasing a lot of Jay-Z edition style things
 like jeeps and motorboats.
 And he wants Jay-Z Blue to be the colour, the unifying colour.
 Pink should make her own pink, shouldn't she?
 Oh yeah.
 That's nothing.
 That's a great idea.
 I do know something about Jonathan Green and his dictionary of slang.
 But it's about pink.
 So I was reading through all the entries on pink in that book.
 And there was a gang in Ireland in the 1700s called the Pink Indie's.
 And what they were, they were a gang of rich young men who like causing trouble.
 And they like getting into fights.
 And the way they would get into fights with people is they would cut off
 the bottom few inches of their scabbards on their swords.
 So basically the bottom inch or two of their sword is poking out at the end.
 And then they'd slowly prick people that they were next to with their swords
 to make them angry and get into fights with them.
 Do you think it's pinking like pinking shears?
 How about a dose, isn't it?
 That's pink.
 And then was there a spin-off called the pinkie dindies who did it with their pinkie?
 [laughs]
 Okay, it is time for fact number three.
 And that is Anna Chaczynski.
 My fact this week is that at least 30% of the cocaine in America arrives by submarine.
 That's amazing.
 It all gets there via submarine.
 So I didn't know about knock-o-subs.
 But they're a big deal.
 And so a lot of the cocaine in America comes from a Columbia.
 And it tends to be transported by submarine to Mexico.
 And then I think often makes it overland from there.
 But I also read something in Time Magazine which said that in 2009,
 experts estimated that 70% of the cocaine that was leaving Columbia,
 left Columbia and knock-o-subs.
 Wow.
 So it all goes away in submarines.
 How cool is that?
 They've not bought the submarines off navies.
 Like if they're not old submarines, they've made these submarines.
 So they've sort of homemade submarines.
 I'm sure there's engineers that are very qualified to make it.
 But they're pretty cobbled, they make them in the jungle.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Yeah, they're not.
 Yeah.
 Imagine just traveling that far underwater in a thing that was one they found
 where the flippers took control of the rising and sinking of the submarine
 were controlled by go-kart steering wheels.
 Really?
 They're quite steampunky.
 And there are pictures online.
 There are amazing photo galleries of these things.
 The periscope on one of these submarines.
 It really is basically two CCTV cameras facing an opposite directions
 with the Perspex bubble over the top.
 Like they're really rudimentary cobbled together things.
 It would work.
 Yeah.
 But actually the advantage of them being cobbled together is that most of the time
 when they've reached their destination, they sink them.
 Earlier on this year, there was an instance of this, I think, in March
 when the US authorities caught a narco sub which had 5.5 tonnes worth of cocaine in it,
 which was worth $194 million.
 And the people on it, they immediately scuttled it.
 So they sunk it.
 And that means you can't really get them from anything because the cocaine is now on the bottom of the ocean.
 So you don't really have any evidence that they were smuggling cocaine.
 And then the Coast Guard, you have to save them.
 So you get these three bedrackled coke dealers onto shore.
 I know just like.
 We were just having a swim.
 About half of Somali pirates are immediately freed when they get back to shore.
 How come?
 It's very hard to find people who are willing to try them and imprison them for the right length of time.
 It's hard finding evidence.
 Yeah, it's really maddening for the authorities.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 So you just get a lift back to shore.
 It's pretty meal or two.
 And it's not evidence enough that you've got the skull and crossbone line.
 No.
 They need more than that, do they?
 You've got a parrot on your shell.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Some Marines used to have their own newspapers.
 Did they?
 Yeah.
 There's a whole book of extracts from Submariner's newspapers.
 Did they not get quite, what in the delivery process?
 Well, the...
 That's a hell of a paper round, isn't it?
 No, how did it work?
 They would just print them on board.
 They did not.
 Submariner's would write and produce their own newspaper.
 Yeah, it was amazing.
 So bad, it's a...
 Oh!
 Actually, they had a newspaper in the trenches as well, didn't they?
 Yeah, like Wipers Times.
 Yeah.
 You know about that.
 I don't know about that.
 Well, there was a group of soldiers who found an old printing press and they just repurposed it
 and started printing.
 And it's really satirical.
 So in his lap, Nick Newman of Private Eye wrote a TV thing about it, which has now become a play, actually.
 And it's travelling on the country.
 But it was very satirical, like loads.
 And it was Wipers Times, wasn't it?
 Because it was eat pro.
 It was a miscalculation of eat pro.
 So it was them China, have it laugh.
 I think funny.
 In the face of real horror, it was...
 So the Flammenwerfer's, the Flamethrowers that the German troops were using.
 Well, of course, you know, horrible, horrific, disfigurement and injury and death.
 And yet, in the Wipers Times, they ran a little advert for these Flammenwerfer's that it started off with.
 Is your boy a practical type?
 It's really, you know.
 During World War II, the submarines around Japan would swim along and look for a bed of pistol shrimps.
 Because pistol shrimps make tons of noise by snapping their claws really, really loud.
 And by going on these, it meant that the Japanese sonar couldn't find them.
 Because they would just hear the pistol shrimp.
 Oh, dude, we only find that out after the war.
 Or did they then start looking for pistol shrimps?
 I only found that out on Reddit just now.
 So I don't...
 Is it breaking news?
 I don't know.
 No, it came out after the war, I think.
 I think it was quite a long time after the war.
 I think it was in the '70s or something, but they first studied it.
 That's very clever.
 Yeah.
 Do you know what you get called if you're on a submarine in the Royal Navy, but you're not a submarine?
 You get called an oxygen thief.
 Gosh.
 I know.
 There was a really interesting article on the Guardian about life on a submarine.
 They told the author, do you know we've got a badger on board the submarine?
 We picked it up at this point and we're feeding it, looking after it and finding enough food for it.
 And it was not true.
 But this guy, the writer said, I was really starting to believe that there was a badger on board,
 because you have to entertain yourself.
 You have to come up with jokes and games and ideas.
 But in a time when you're calling non-submariner's oxygen thieves,
 you wouldn't think you'd have a manature of animals on there.
 That just reminds me that we might have said this before,
 you sometimes get penguins towards a North Pole because sailors have taken them as pets in the South Pole
 and they kind of just bring them up and then they get a bit annoying and they just let them go.
 Oh wow.
 I think you imagine people who are in the Arctic are responsible geographers or environmentalists
 or something, not people who are just like yawning a penguin up and taking it with them.
 Don't tell me if you were sailing down the South Pole and you saw a penguin there, you wouldn't go.
 I definitely would.
 I don't deny that.
 I'm not qualified to be doing that job.
 Try to keep on turning down your application, isn't it?
 The sole purpose of visit. Pick up the penguin.
 Can we talk a bit about drug smuggling?
 Yeah.
 So JFK Airport has a drug Lou, which is specifically for people who've been suspected of drugs muggling to go to,
 when they pick you up, they x-ray you.
 And if it looks like you've got drugs in your body, they say go to this Lou,
 because it automatically washes the pellets of drugs, which people expel.
 And the old days officers had to manually sift.
 This is the new, basically the modern day necessary woman, isn't it?
 Yeah, yes.
 Yes it is.
 It's the auto toilet, which just washes the packets and so that's right, there you go.
 But what if you say, "Oh, but I don't need to go."
 And then they say, "Well, how long can you hold off claiming constipation before you actually go?"
 Don't know.
 They'll just wait.
 So they'll just wait.
 Yeah, I don't think they say, "Well, he's passed the half an hour limit, so I think we can go."
 Mary Roach says that on long flights, so Mary Roach writes these great books.
 She wrote one called "Gulp" about the early in book, the gut and the stomach and everything.
 She says that on long flights, sometimes flight attendants will pay attention to who doesn't eat anything,
 because if you've got 50 heroin capsules swallowed, you don't want to eat anything.
 And often you've taken anti-diarrhea medication to keep yourself bunged up.
 And you don't want to do anything which will cause you to go to the Lou.
 Because obviously, if you pull out all the heroin on the flight, it's a big problem.
 Just one thing on smuggling drugs across the US-Mexico border.
 And this was that the people come up with various imaginative ways of getting drugs across the border.
 So they make catapults very often.
 Sometimes they make bits of air propulsion that can fire them over.
 And then there was someone who was found in 2012 just trying to drive a bunch of cocaine over the border in a Jeep Cherokee.
 But there's a huge fence, so they made a makeshift ramp on either side.
 And they drove up one round, and then they got stuck in their Jeep on top.
 So there are some really good pictures.
 You can let them up a Jeep just hovering on top of a fence.
 And then the police eventually turned up and there are two guys just trying to get this Jeep down from on top of a fence.
 There was a politician who was one of the early people who said there should be a big wall between America and Mexico.
 Luckily that idea went pretty quickly.
 But he decided as a publicity stunt to get an elephant and a mariachi band to cross the border.
 Well to sort of prove that you can get anything through.
 He was called Raj Peter Bacter, and he also, as well as being a politician, had appeared on the apprentice in America.
 Oh really?
 Wow.
 Everything is connected.
 Also one last thing on, so people who have two smuggle drugs on their bodies. So the practice of putting them on the bottom is called rectal stuffing.
 It's the technical name for it.
 Just like a heart attack.
 I mean rectal's technical.
 Yeah.
 Okay, well, you just wait.
 Thanksgiving me.
 Sanger, don't you know rectal.
 But the website Popside did a whole piece about this practice and this sort of trickiness of it.
 Because obviously the rectum stores feces and then when it's stretched enough, it sends a signal to your nervous system saying you have to go to the loona.
 But they interviewed a chap called William Whitehead from the University of North Carolina, who's an expert in these things.
 And he says that you might actually be able to increase the capacity by putting drugs up there and end up with what he called a mega rectum.
 It's time for a final fact of the show and that is Andrew Hunter Murray.
 My fact is that in the Greek Odysseus myth, he escapes the Cyclops by hiding under one of the Cyclops' sheep.
 In the Apache version of the same myth, he escapes by hiding in the anus of a buffalo.
 I like that the Cyclops is a shepherd.
 Yeah, I just never thought of him doing sort of menial tasks or sort of like running a farm.
 And it must be hard because he can't judge the distance of his sheep because he's only got one eye.
 Oh yeah.
 So he doesn't know how far away they are.
 So that father Ted joke about the size of a cow.
 That would actually be a reality for him.
 He doesn't get that joke.
 This is a myth that goes back.
 And there's a French anthropologist called Julian D.
 Who has studied myths.
 And he's studied a particular ethnic group who have gone around the world for thousands and thousands of years.
 And he reckons it goes back 18,000 years and there's always the same version of the story is human goes into a monster's house to steal something.
 The monster gets home and he has a herd of wild animals and he finds the humans and he locks the humans in somehow.
 And then he waits by the door for the man to kill him as the humans start to leave and the humans escape using the herd of animals.
 So in the Greek version, they blind him and then they hide under the sheep and the Cyclops feels the sheep as he goes out.
 And then in the Apache version the hero gets into the anus of a buffalo.
 I mean it does the same job, doesn't it?
 It does the job.
 But actually there is some cave painting in South of France in the cave of the Twafre.
 So there's a picture of a bison with an extremely distended rectum.
 And they think that that might be part of this story as well.
 So actually it's not just the Apaches it might go back to ancient Stone Age European times.
 Is that picture the sequel of that bison's life story once you got back out?
 And there's another bison going, how did you get like that?
 You will not believe it.
 There's another theory that there are two main families of myth.
 They're called the Louration and the Gondwonan and the named after the two big super continents.
 And he reckons that one branch of humanity went north about 40,000 years ago out of Africa.
 And all the sheep ain't the stories, all of those come from there.
 And as that group moved around, so that's in Switzerland, it's in Scandinavia, it's in North America, it's in Greece.
 And lots of those myths are about kind of the creation of the world, the rule of the gods, the rise of man, the end of the universe.
 That's it.
 The ones who went south and became, for example, the Australian Aborigines are a completely different family.
 They're all about a world which already exists.
 The world already existed about the rise of man or the invention of man involved.
 Both families have one thing in common, which is the massive flood myth, where he was punished in some way.
 That's the linking myth between these two huge groups.
 Most places have, most ancient civilizations have a flood myth, which is so curious.
 Those, the Babylonians, they found on Cuneiform, sort of, it was the measurements for effectively an ark, a Noah's ark.
 And this is in Babylonian Cuneiform time.
 It was like a coracle, wasn't it? It was more of a circular thing, rather than the biblical one, which is x-cubics by y-cubics by z-cubics.
 It's more of a square.
 Yeah, they actually rebuilt it. There's a documentary, you can see Irving Finkel, who's a British museum curator, actually managed to decipher the exact measurements, and they tried to rebuild it.
 A very sci-fi to be a sphere.
 Yeah, yeah. It's true.
 Just going back very quickly to talking about how would the Apache have managed to get this myth.
 It's so interesting that, like, in recent archaeology, we keep learning more and more about cultures colliding way before we realize.
 And did you guys see that story about the ancient Greeks?
 They're looking at the terracotta warriors, and they're suddenly thinking that ancient Greek artists were involved in helping and the making of the terracotta army.
 And I asked a historian friend if that had any credence to it, and he said absolutely, it looks like very convincing.
 It looks extremely convincing, and this is way before Marco Polo. This is way before the first time we ever thought that they'd had proper contact culturally.
 Wow.
 Yes, I've seen the terracotta warriors.
 Yeah.
 I saw them in London.
 Well, okay, I saw them in London.
 They're just in St. James's part.
 People used to throw things at them to knock them over.
 Oh, really? So you went to where they actually went?
 I went to Shien in China, which is--
 They're natural habitat.
 They're natural habitat.
 And they're in these huge long-- it's like a much bigger-- it's bigger than a football pitch.
 There's massive long hanger that you see them in.
 And they're in trenches, and they're all lined up facing the same way-- hundreds and hundreds and hundreds.
 And they're finding more and more, aren't they?
 They're finding terracotta, acrobats, and terracotta.
 Yeah.
 Jugglers and sort of this whole society.
 Well, they have it.
 Yeah, they know that there is-- they've probably unearthed.
 I think it's something like a tenth of how many they actually believe are going to be unearthed over time.
 They've just been doing it really slowly.
 It's amazing.
 Yeah, it's so cool.
 And the first emperor's tomb, which supposedly is a mercury lake, on the inside,
 because he was obsessed with the elixir of life, and that mercury was the main thing.
 They found a spot that they think might be where he's buried,
 and using detection, the mercury levels suddenly go, "Woo, up on the dial, like really high."
 So they think they might have found where he is buried,
 and where it could be true, the myth of the mercury lake.
 That's very cool.
 That was a really good impression of a mercury detector, by the way.
 Just quickly, do you know what colour the sheep were that Odysseus escaped on?
 It might have their white.
 Jay-Z Blue.
 Well, you're actually quite close.
 You're closer than James.
 They're violet coloured.
 Really, if you believe Homer.
 So this is this weird thing about the Odyssey, where all of his descriptions,
 his coloured descriptions, don't really equate with what colours are.
 So like the wine coloured sea, honey is described as being green.
 Hector's hair is dark blue.
 And yeah, the sheep are described as being violet.
 In China, there are blue sheep, which are in secluded bits of China,
 and they constantly try to make documentaries on them, but the government...
 There are no documentary makers making documentaries about the documentary makers.
 Just sheep going, no comment.
 I think what it is is that there are certain areas of China that have been closed off
 by the government for people going into, and it's just so happens that where they believe the blue sheep are,
 it's in a territory where you're not allowed to go.
 Right. They can't get access.
 I only know it actually, because remember Molly went over to China to make a documentary.
 To try and make a documentary.
 Again, they couldn't, they couldn't, the whole thing fell apart as well while they were there,
 but they were looking for blue sheep, that's what.
 So that's Molly Olfield, who was one of the researchers for QI.
 Yes.
 You can still see, I was going to say you can still have a bath in,
 but you can still see a bath that featured in the Odyssey.
 Wow.
 Isn't that cool?
 So this is a bath that Odysseus's son is bathed in,
 and it actually said exists, so it's in Pylos,
 which is on the western coast of Greece,
 and you can go and see it's a bath tub of Nester,
 and it's still there.
 It's been around since 1300 BC.
 It was all fake, right?
 So the story of what Homer's writing about, the Iliad and the Odyssey,
 are actually two, I think, of a series of eight stories of the whole Trojan Wars,
 and the only those two survived in full, but I think they're six royal fragments,
 and the Trojan Wars really happened.
 But then obviously, they start getting crazy gods involved,
 which starts to become a bit fictional.
 But yeah, Nester's palaces.
 They've stood in Nester's bath tub existing.
 There are ruins of Troy, that they discovered, aren't they?
 So I know that it was a real place.
 Yes.
 And that there were loads of cities which were destroyed or burned down,
 or, you know, fell in war, and then they build another one on top,
 and they've got a kind of layer cake.
 Yes, because I think the person who discovered Troy initially got in loads of trouble,
 because in order to discover it, he'd destroyed an equally valuable layer of archaeology
 on top of it, which he'd just chucked away.
 And then that's book nine in the series.
 So in Greek mythology, a lot of, you know, when wonderful stuff happens,
 and particularly Zeus turning himself into things in order to get off with women,
 he turns himself into someone's husband, which at least kind of makes sense,
 then he turns himself into a swan to get off with leader, then some rain.
 Was it not a golden shower?
 It's described as a golden shower, which used to be called just pink shower.
 And that's a perseus, isn't it?
 Oh, I read Danny.
 Oh, to make perseus.
 Sorry to make, but yeah, you're absolutely right.
 And then as a bull.
 So this is really interesting.
 He disguised himself as a bull to get off with Europa, right?
 And Europa is the mother of King Minos of Crete, yeah?
 So King Minos of Crete, his mum, has had sex with a bull.
 And then his wife, pacify, falls in love with a bull,
 which is a punishment from the gods because he said he tries to trick them
 and send them an inferior sacrifice.
 It's never worth doing in the Greek myth.
 They always find out this is an inferior sacrifice.
 They never don't trick.
 So not only has his mum got off with a bull, his wife has now fallen in love with a bull.
 It just must be so embarrassing for him.
 It's a real curse.
 Yes.
 Imagine what bad luck it would be if you're trying to make an escape
 and you happen to pick the wrong bull's-anus to climb into.
 It turns out.
 And you find your mum in there.
 Yeah.
 Okay, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said
 over the course of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Streiberland.
 James @Xshaped.
 Andy @UndrewHondaM.
 And Anna.
 You can email podcast@QI.com.
 Yep.
 Or you can go to nosuch thing as a fish.com, where you can listen to all of our previous episodes.
 You can also go to our group Twitter account and send us a message on that.
 That's @QIPodcast.
 And also you can go to nosuch thing as the news.com, which is our current topical news-based TV show,
 which is currently still going out on the BBC every Wednesday night on BBC2 after News Night.
 We'll be back again next week with another episode.
 We'll see you then.
 Good bye.
 Hi all.
 Okay.
 Look.
 James and I admit that maybe there aren't any flamingos in St James's Park.
 Our further research tells us.
 Now, what we need to do about this is either you lot.
 If you have any photographic evidence that there have been flamingos in St James's Park,
 you need to send it to us quickly so that we feel vindicated.
 And if you don't and it turns out there aren't any there and there never have been
 and we were confusing flamingos with pelicans because we're idiots,
 then you just have to never, ever tell Andy that he was right.
 Okay. See you next week.
 [Music]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
