 Hi everyone, welcome to this week's episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, where we were
 joined at the Soho Theatre by Ella Alshamahi. Yes, it is Ella, our explorer friend. She's
 a paleoanthropologist, she's an evolutionary biologist, a TV presenter, she is absolutely
 badass and she came to join us on stage for a really, really fun show. Absolutely certain
 you're going to really love this one. I just messaged Ella, she's off somewhere around
 the world and asked her if she wanted me to plug anything, she said not, but I really
 think I should probably mention that she does have a book, it's called The Handshake a Gripping
 History, that's available wherever you get your books. One last thing while I have a
 little bit of time is if you go to NoSuchThingsAsAFish.com and look for the shop there, I don't think
 we've mentioned this for a while, we have quite a bit of merch that you can get a hold
 of, there's nerdy t-shirts, there's pin batches, there's all sorts of stuff, there is also
 the Ultimate Guide, this was like a program that we made for our live shows, it was put
 together by Alex Bell, it's got interviews, it's got photos, it's got tons and tons of
 facts, Andy did a whole page on moss, basically if you love the show you will definitely,
 definitely love it. So yeah, go to NoSuchThingsAsAFish.com and look for the shop and you'll find
 the details there, but anyway, let's just get on with the show, live from the Soho Theatre
 in London with Ella Al-Shamahi. Okay, on with the podcast.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of NoSuchThingAsAsAFish, a weekly podcast this week coming
 to you live from the Soho Theatre. My name is Dan Schreiber, I am sitting here with James
 Harkin, Andrew Hunter Murray and Ella Al-Shamahi and once again, we have gathered around the
 microphones with our four favourite facts from the last seven days and in no particular
 order here we go, starting with fact number one and that is, Ella.
 I feel like I must have at some point cried in the ocean and I've felt a bit better for
 it, you know. That's true, you can see you crying in the ocean is the point, right? And
 this was salty when I got here. Can you not see people crying in the ocean? With your
 heads under water. No, hold on seriously, okay, if you're actually
 properly bawling, would you be able to tell? You'd certainly be able to tell the facial
 expression of someone who's crying, for sure. Okay, so I think that's what's really amazing
 to me about this fact, is that when I think about whales, I think about their songs, right?
 And how emotive they are, how they move people, like there's been congressional hearings
 in the US where people haven't actually given testimony, they've just played whale song.
 And to think that those beautiful creatures who sit there communicating in this way that's
 just like moves us, can't cry, is really bad. But they cry vocally, don't they? Yeah.
 That's what we know about whales. Would they do that, right?
 How is your CD selling, Dan? Dan's song. Shriver's whale song, yeah.
 Shopping centers, don't you? You're dropping to sleep, it's very calm. But they do do that,
 right? Yes, so 100% they express emotion, etc., etc.
 I've got a question. So if, because obviously they live in water, if you cry, there's your
 water is coming out of your eyes, would it be a pressure problem? Would it be harder
 to push a tear out of your eye? Probably not. I don't know, apparently they just don't
 have tear ducts. So they just don't have the ducts full stop. They've still got the ability
 to secrete and clean their eyeballs. Yeah, so they've got like a useful tear, basically.
 Like a windscreen water. It's like a windscreen, yeah, exactly.
 Can I, can I, I just want to test a misconception that I definitely had before researching this,
 and I wonder if anyone else in the room had it. Right. I have had tear ducts wrong my
 whole life. I thought that tear ducts take the tears from wherever they're made to your
 eye, right? Does anyone else think that? Yeah, some. Okay, so I'm not not as many as, not
 nearly as many as I hoped would have made this error. But no, they carry tears away from
 the eye, which are drainage bait. The tear duct is the gutter for tears. They get made
 kind of in your eyes, lacrimal sac, and then they run into the corner and then that collects
 and then it drains into your nose, which is why when you cry, your nose runs. If you look
 into the corner of someone's eye, you'll see a little black dot and that's the tear
 duct where the tears go into. Right. And it's just the gutter. It's not like a, sort of,
 I thought it was a kind of. So how come our nose doesn't run every single time we cry?
 It does, but it might go down the back of your nose as opposed to. Another thing that's
 similar between the nose, the tear ducts and the nose is that in whales, they have this
 stuff that they put on their eyes, but it's much more viscous than human tears. And it's
 full of mucans, which basically means it's the same as snot pretty much. Not exactly
 the same, but it's got the same stuff in. And they don't have to do it very often. They
 only have to do it every couple of hours. They kind of smear their eye with snot and
 then they don't have to blink again for hours and hours. Is it worth the trade off of never
 having to blink, but you have snotty eyes? That's my question.
 I would go for that. Would you?
 I would go for that.
 Yeah. Yeah.
 Because the ocean would wash it off, right?
 It does eventually.
 Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
 That's pretty useful.
 Okay.
 No, I'm just thinking you just save all that time, you know, constantly. Sorry I'm late.
 I was blinking.
 But you miss like a tenth of whatever's happening in the world, don't you?
 Yeah.
 This is why you need more women on this panel.
 What?
 What?
 What?
 Oh, should we have snotty eyeballs?
 Yeah, such lads. Fucking lads. Come back to mind, guys. Let's talk about fucking eyelids
 on whales.
 Oh, stripclops. Fuck that. We're going to talk about the nose problem.
 Do you know what? I preferred it done when you were doing whale sound from the video.
 Shall we do some lads, lads, lads stuff then?
 Yeah.
 So what is the one body part of a whale that will be able to tell you what species they
 are better than any other body part?
 Oh.
 Like what species of whale?
 Yeah.
 Because I know it's a whale already.
 You'll know it's a whale.
 You'll be like, oh, is this a pygmy right whale or is it a whatever whale?
 The right whale has the biggest testicle in all of the whales species.
 All whales.
 There we go.
 Is that your bitch?
 Of all species on earth, right?
 It's the biggest species.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 It's bigger than any other thing.
 They're big.
 They're big.
 Yeah, I would have thought blue whale.
 Okay, Ella, do you want to have have a pitch?
 Oh, jeez. The...
 That's right. The vagina.
 Oh.
 Wow.
 Do you know what? You laugh about this. I was once on camera trying to do a whale neck
 autopsy, which is like the autopsy you did give an animal.
 Walking past this huge say whale, and on camera we're like talking through all the different
 bits and then I'm about to point at something and be like, so what's that?
 Because it was so huge.
 Wow.
 That's amazing.
 It was quite terrifying.
 That is something.
 I've never seen one in real life, but I've only gone off what I've read.
 But apparently, so there's a woman called Dr. Sarah Messnick who studies whale vaginas
 and she says that basically they're just a series of flaps, folds, blind alleys, funnels.
 They said that the first time they opened one up, they couldn't work out, like in a maze,
 they couldn't work out how to get from the opening to where the sperm is needed to be.
 They literally couldn't work out the maze.
 Wow.
 Like most men.
 But yeah, and because they're so different in all the different species, they're a really,
 really good way.
 If you only have one piece of a whale to look at, go for the vagina.
 Can I pick the whale's head to differentiate the species?
 Sure.
 And you'll say the vaginas would better steer.
 Well, they all just look like whales, don't they?
 Yeah.
 That's true.
 And that's really not true.
 No, they don't.
 Like there are some of the whales, like a beluga whale looks really different to a sperm whale,
 for instance.
 But a lot of the closer species do look quite similar, I would say.
 Do you want to fact about whale eyes?
 This is as they're on tear ducts in Wales.
 Yeah.
 Lots of whales can't see blue.
 Oh.
 Oh, that's another really sad one.
 It's really sad.
 They're monochromatic.
 They just see shades of grey.
 Yeah, it's lots of whales.
 It's so depressing.
 Yeah.
 They can't cry.
 They can't see colours.
 I don't know what.
 I just feel really moved by.
 It's not everyone's moved by whales, right?
 That's like a thing.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So I think like facts like that just make me a bit sad that they don't.
 But they can see something very cool.
 This is great.
 Whales have big eyes, right?
 Actually not that big, as in compared with the size of the whale.
 They're obviously way bigger than our eyes, but they're not huge.
 Sure.
 And their pupils are about half as large again as human pupils.
 So again, not a huge discrepancy, but enough of that means, I was reading an article about
 astronomy.
 It was a brilliant article.
 Even with that smallish difference in pupil size, they would be able to see twice as many
 stars in the night sky as we can.
 Wow.
 That's cool.
 They live underwater.
 But they do come up.
 They do come up.
 They do come up.
 Although they have to remember to breathe, which I think is quite amusing.
 Imagine having to remember to breathe.
 Yeah, yeah.
 It's not automatic.
 It's incredible.
 Oh, because they can commit suicide, can't they?
 It's really dark.
 Yeah.
 It's really dark.
 Yeah.
 Join us next week on Sad Facts about Whales.
 No, they can't.
 Those are the interstitials between my whale cries on my CD.
 Whales commit suicide.
 Anyway, listen, can I steer us away from this incessant lad chat and get us to something
 different, which is, in Star Trek, as part of the crew, there are whales and dolphins
 on the actual Starship Enterprise.
 Other.
 Yeah.
 There's a Citation Navigation Lab, which is always alluded to, which consists of twelve
 bottlenose dolphins and a couple of whales that are on board.
 Because they can see the stars better.
 It's their echolocation, and it's the navigation system.
 Space echolocation.
 Yeah.
 So they're navigating for Captain Picard.
 They're like, "Where should we go?
 Ask the dolphins and whales.
 Isn't that cool?"
 That's utterly bizarre.
 Yeah.
 Surely their echolocation wouldn't work in space.
 They're probably space whales, as in they're probably, oh, I assume they're space whales.
 I think it's the future Star Trek, right?
 So they must have evolved to.
 Has the universe evolved to have molecules in between the stars as well?
 We're going to have to move on in a sec.
 Oh, no, no, no.
 What about crying?
 So many.
 Yep.
 Doves don't cry.
 Doves it.
 Yeah.
 Doves don't cry.
 I think most animals don't cry, really, do they?
 That's true.
 But there's only one song about doves that do cry, as like Princeton really suckled when
 worms cry.
 No, they do have tear ducts, gutters, and can keep their eyes moist, but they don't do
 emotional crying.
 Talking to birds.
 You know how we always think, like, the birdsong...
 Talking to birds.
 Who's the lad now, eh?
 So, you know how we think birdsong is all about communication?
 Yeah.
 They've discovered that, actually, no, sometimes birds are just muttering to themselves.
 No.
 It's just so cute.
 Apparently sometimes they're just like, "It's just really not going well today."
 I read that whales, if there's, like, predators around and they have the baby whales near
 them, they'll whisper, like, "Guys, we've got to be careful."
 Like, whales whisper.
 Cool.
 That's pretty fascinating that they know to lower their tone.
 So my second crazy whale fact, if I can get it in, is that since the 1960s, blue whales
 have lowered their sound, so, like, the gommel baritone, shifting the equivalent of three
 white keys on a piano, which ironically used to once be made of whalebone.
 And it's really mad how they've completely changed, as well, the distance that they can
 communicate in.
 And part of that might be a good reason, so it might be that they have gone lower in sound
 because there's more of them since the 1960s, because the whaling conventions and anti-whaling
 and blah, blah, blah, it's actually worked, but the bad explanation is that the ocean's
 more acidic and, therefore, sound travels quicker and it was like, "You can pick your
 explanation, be happy or depressed, basically."
 Okay, great.
 Bad place to end, isn't it?
 Well, let me quickly tell you about some new science that's been done.
 So there were some people who were swimming next to a whale and before they knew it, this
 guy who was writing about it said, "The water was like chocolate milk.
 I couldn't see my hand when I held it in front of my face.
 I had poo in my eyes, mouth, wetsuit, everywhere, and I was soaked in it from head to toe."
 Oh, no.
 Okay, but the interesting thing is they reckon this is evidence that perhaps whales will expel
 feces when they're scared as a defence technique to try and stop people from attacking them.
 So that's why.
 Maybe.
 They have a mate who collects whale poo.
 She's like, "Ashah, divorce.
 Yeah, she's really into like Sri Lankan whale poo."
 Has she ever been covered in it, like this person?
 I think there's a bit, but not quite to that extent, maybe, I don't know.
 Well, I read this article in Vice and they said, "If this punado was newly observed defence
 mechanism, then the divers have made a great discovery.
 If not, they just got covered in shit."
 It is time for fact number two and that is James.
 Okay, my fact this week is that in the 1950s, Campbell's tried to persuade people to start
 drinking cocktails made out of beef soup.
 No?
 It sounds amazing.
 It does sound amazing.
 Do you not fancy that?
 It was over ice.
 Maybe with a bit of alcohol.
 Lovely.
 No?
 Perfect temperature for beef soup.
 I see.
 What was the beef soup made of?
 Like beef.
 Like, beef broth, or like...
 Beef bouillon.
 Bouillon, bouillon.
 What does that mean?
 Bouillon.
 Basically, it was like soup.
 I don't know what to say.
 It's like Campbell's, so they're like tens of tens of soups.
 You know Campbell's?
 Yeah, I know, but like for any bougie women in the room, you know that there's this movement
 right now with like beef broth and bone marrow.
 What's that?
 It's bone marrow.
 It's supposed to be really good for your gut health.
 Right.
 Where are the IBS ladies in the room?
 Oh, yeah.
 Sorry, this is a bit of a laddie podcast, we don't really do that stuff.
 This is in 1955 and the idea was, Campbell's, they decided that this was going to be their
 new marketing campaign.
 They sent a load of what could just be described as cans of soup and ice buckets and recipe
 cards to a load of magazine editors and influencers, what we would call influencers today.
 And they just said, "This is the new thing.
 This is what you have to do."
 They did adverts in magazines.
 These soup cocktails actually appeared on menus in Los Angeles and New York.
 And it was all the way up until the 1970s, they were saying that this is something you
 could do.
 You could even add bitters, you could add vodka, you could add lemon, but the main
 bit of it was soup over ice.
 Did they have a massive surplus or something, whether they were trying to shift or was it
 not?
 No, it was just how do we find a new market?
 And they, as James says, it was sent to like the Dodgers, the baseball team, they all received
 it.
 And the marketing, this is the wording that they were sending some of the stuff out within
 in the adverts.
 "For a summertime drink, it is low in calories, less than 30 calories per generous serving.
 It is inexpensive.
 It is especially valuable to athletes and golfers in replacing salt loss through exercise.
 Best of all, it's downright delicious."
 And they would put the recipes on the side of cans and it was a moment where they almost
 made it a thing.
 Yeah, there was a guy called Lester Lannan who was an orchestra leader and he introduced
 a new dance called The Soup, which you would dance after you've had a few soup cocktails.
 Oh, it's so...
 It's a lack of foresight, really, that you didn't think to buy some Campbells.
 We should have done, yeah.
 We could have added some vodka, added some...
 Because the amazing thing is last year, Campbells did it again.
 No.
 Like this disappeared in the '70s and then last year, the Campbells website had a page
 where it could tell you how to make a mushroom truffle daiquiri, a foe mango bourbon sour,
 a Thai chicken negroni and a pork ramen margarita.
 No, thank you.
 Some room temperature water, please.
 It's so fat.
 It's so grubby.
 Who would try it?
 Oh, definitely.
 I'd try it.
 Who would try it?
 Yeah.
 Oh, do you lot?
 Oh, really safe, aren't you?
 It was a massive thing and one of the other things which I had never read about before,
 this is a thing like James has said, kind of just keeps coming back and this is largely
 down to people on TikTok sort of reintroducing this as a thing, but there's also tomato
 soup cake.
 Oh, yeah.
 It's a big thing and people were genuinely...
 Was that in the '50s as well?
 Yeah, it was in the '50s, yeah.
 It does feel like people thought, "Wow, it's the nuclear age now.
 Fuck it."
 Yeah.
 That's just nothing matters.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 And now it's 2022 and they're doing the same thing.
 It's a bad sign.
 Yeah.
 I've got a lot of cans of soup left over from COVID.
 Right?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Don't do something with it.
 It's a Thai chicken negroni.
 Lovely.
 Can I tell you a hero of soup?
 Oh, yeah.
 One of the heroes of the soup world.
 There's a guy called John Dorrance.
 Oh, Dorrance, yeah.
 And John Dorrance became the head of the Campbell soup company.
 Through his genius, he realized at one point, you know, because I think he was working for
 Campbell's and he realized, "My God, we're just transporting water."
 You know?
 Because that's a huge part of the cost of soup, he's moving it all around and he invented
 condensed soup.
 He created the magic formula and as a result, his family are all billionaires now.
 Yeah.
 Because he just thought, "Let's just take the water out."
 That's clever.
 Well, I thought so.
 The Dorrance family, there was a list of the richest people in the world, the richest families
 in the world, so we're not talking individual billionaires.
 In 2023, they are listed as the 19th richest family in the world, according to this list,
 and above them is basically just a bunch of cocks.
 It's, you've got in at number eight, the Cox family, who they are the ones that have done
 cable and broadband, Cox communications.
 Who else have we got?
 I've got...
 Legally, I'm feeling quite nervous.
 I know.
 Have you got more cocks?
 Well, no, it's interesting.
 There's two cocks.
 There's one that's spelt differently.
 There's the butts, the butt family, and there's a bush.
 So within the top 20, four of the richest families are two cocks, one butt and a bush.
 What more do you need?
 Well, there's a hunt, but it was a close.
 How much money was put into this marketing campaign?
 Well, they were just sending stuff out to people.
 They did do a full-page advert on Life magazine, so that would have cost a bit, but mostly
 it was just sending out recipe cards and stuff, so not too much.
 I just find these food trends to be completely bizarre, like, remember that paleo trend that
 was going on?
 Yes, the diet, you mean?
 Yeah.
 What was that?
 You eat like a caveman, so you eat raw meat and dinosaurs?
 You eat like...
 No!
 Oh, God, somebody teach him geology.
 Okay, so the dinosaurs came, but, yeah, that's just when you just eat beef and you eat a
 lot of meat and grain and stuff, but it was really awkward for those of us that actually
 studied human evolution because they kept asking us about it, and we were like, yeah,
 I mean, two things.
 One is they were eating all aspects of the animal, so unless you're going to start eating
 the intestines of an animal and the inside of the intestines of the animal, like, squeeze
 out the inside of the intestines of the animal and eat the eyes of the animal and the tear
 ducts, then it's not really the paleo duct because that's what our ancestors were doing.
 They were, like, being quite, you know...
 No, the tail.
 Yeah, like, everything.
 Yeah.
 But then the other side of it is, like, I love this whole, like, oh, the original thing was
 the best thing because I'm like, they were all dead by our age.
 So...
 Oh, yeah.
 Do you know what I mean?
 They were all killed by dinosaurs.
 That's for sure.
 Yeah.
 They were actually.
 But anyway, oh, God.
 We never talked about bovrule properly.
 We've talked mentioned that once or twice.
 All right.
 What is that, exactly?
 It reminds me of your stag do, Andy.
 Yes, uh...
 Bovrule is, it was originally called Johnston's Fluid Beef, and it's just...
 It's ultra...
 That's nice.
 It's ultra-condensed, very condensed paste, which is very beefy, and it's a bit...
 Can we say it's a bit marmite?
 It's kind of...
 Oh, wow.
 Like, you make a drink out of it.
 Oh, wow.
 It's like a very thick substance.
 You make...
 You turn it into a drink.
 Uh-huh.
 Yeah.
 It's like very weak beef soup, but you drink it like tea.
 Yeah.
 You drink it like you don't care.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 It's a drink.
 Is this an English thing?
 Yeah.
 Yeah, oh, yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
 This is...
 But bovrule used to be absolutely huge.
 It was invented in about the 1870s, and it was, again, condensing all the good stuff and
 the invention of stock and things like that.
 But in fact, the pope appeared in a bovrule advert at the time.
 Yeah.
 Like a TV ad.
 No.
 Is that not unethical?
 A TV ad in 1870s.
 Sorry, I missed the year.
 Yeah, sorry.
 It was only in 1900, but it was a magazine ad, and I don't think it had full pages.
 It was a paper clearance, because it showed him drinking bovrule on his papal throne, and
 the slogan was "The two infallible powers, the pope and bovrule."
 So it was not, like it was not strictly on brand, I think, for him.
 But have you heard of chevril?
 Chevril?
 No.
 No.
 Can you ever guess?
 Is it chicken bovrule?
 Is it a different country?
 No, it's chev...
 Chev...
 Chev...
 It's not chervil.
 Cheval...
 Horse.
 It's horse.
 Oh.
 And this was not an official drink.
 It was a drink during the beurre war.
 The beurre war?
 The beurre, beurre, beurre.
 Is that the one that keeps appearing on my iPhone that tells me to celebrate the day?
 No, that's the battle of the boine.
 Ah, the boine!
 And so, the beurre war?
 Beurre war, yeah.
 How would we say it?
 The way you sound it, it's like a butter war in France.
 Beurre.
 Beurre.
 But B-O-E-R.
 Oh, we all...
 What, is that again?
 Beurre.
 Beurre.
 Beurre.
 So, that conflict...
 It was the second of those two wars, by the way.
 There was a siege.
 There was a place called Lady Smith that was under siege as part of the...
 Oh, it might have been the first one.
 And the garrison, they were so desperate that they made themselves horse bovril, because
 by the end of the siege, they were so reduced to eating, you know, they'd eat all the food,
 they'd eat all the stuff that looked a bit like food, and then they had to eat the horses.
 But they had a bit of fun with it, because they got to, you know, boil down the horses
 and make chevril.
 So, that just shows the cultural power of bovril.
 It seems...
 It might seem like I said that quite long thing for no good reason, but that's not the case.
 Just...
 OK, do people still eat, drink bovril?
 Yes.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 It's massive.
 Really?
 You would get it if you go to a football match, you would see it.
 Yes.
 Do you?
 You've been to a pub at last orders.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, everyone.
 Have you noticed everyone around you gets a steaming hot mug?
 Yeah.
 That's the final.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 It keeps you warm on the walk home.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 For your walk, sir.
 Yeah.
 You must have...
 OK, I know that's untrue, obviously.
 They ring the bovril bell, don't they?
 They ring the bovril bell.
 This is a podcast about facts, guys.
 But, OK, so you guys have all had bovril?
 Yeah.
 Well, not...
 You've had bovril?
 Ella, it's like everyone has.
 It's very...
 And I'm not British, but I've...
 Yeah.
 Well, after this, if anyone wants bovril, we'll go together.
 Well, we've got to wait for last orders, and we've got no choice.
 Well, why don't we all go and have the most expensive soup in the world?
 Do you fancy some of that?
 Sure.
 It's called cordyceps soup.
 Would you like some cordyceps soup?
 It's a cordyceps...
 It's a cordyceps mushroom-y thing?
 Yeah, cordyceps mushroom.
 You like it?
 It's got chicken.
 So, obviously, it's veggies.
 Yeah, yeah, sorry.
 But we can have it without the chicken.
 Red dates, loganberries and cordyceps, which is a mushroom.
 Yeah.
 It's that mushroom which goes inside caterpillars and sort of makes them climb up to the top
 of a plant and then grows out of their brains and then makes birds eat them.
 You know that mushroom?
 Yeah, I do.
 Yeah.
 Lovely parasitic mushroom.
 Yeah.
 It goes out of their brains and then they explode and all the spores go everywhere.
 Yeah.
 Again, I think the room temperature of water just feels hungry.
 Well, this is the world's most expensive soup.
 One bowl is $688 last time I checked, and it's made with this stuff, and these cordyceps
 fungi which grow in the insects and caterpillars, especially in China and the Tibet area, they
 get it, and it's supposed to be, you know, very good for you.
 Right.
 So, that's the same mechanism as in the TV show and the computing game, The Last of
 Us.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 That's what it's based on.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 And like if the zombie apocalypse happens, because some people wanted expensive soup,
 that's going to be so...
 Can you time it as well?
 You know when we go see flowers that we know are going to bloom once every hundred years
 and they open?
 Can your meal arrive as just an intact bird and then suddenly it just explodes out?
 Yeah.
 That would be great in the mouth.
 Yeah.
 But also, you're saying people in the Himalayas are spending $600 pounds?
 No, so they take them and then they take them to rich Chinese cities.
 Yeah.
 Are those Sherpas?
 They own so much, don't they?
 Yeah.
 Honestly, those guys.
 But there was the Chinese national games in Beijing a few years ago and there was two
 athletes, Wang Xiongxia and Chu Xiongxia, and they beat the world records in the 10,000
 meters, the 3,000 meters and the 1,500 meters.
 And the newspapers all said it was down to this stuff, this cordyceps soup that they
 were drinking.
 They were getting close to the finish line and then something just erupted out of their
 head and pushed them over.
 It seems, looking bad, that it might have been due to steak sanctioned doping, but who
 knows?
 Who knows?
 Who knows?
 Who knows?
 Probably just that delicious mushroom soup.
 Do you know Webster in America?
 Dictionary.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So when he was putting the dictionary together, he kind of just changed certain words to
 what he thought was the better pronunciation, the better wording rather, the better letters
 to be used in the word.
 Spelling.
 Yeah.
 So like the reason, sorry, I just, I don't have his book on me to have looked that up.
 But so the word center, he changed to ER.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 That's why Americans do it.
 He's responsible.
 Color.
 There's no you in color in America because of him, but there were words that he tried
 to use, but were kind of rejected by others.
 Did he do soup?
 And soup was one.
 So soup was meant to be spelled S-O-O-P, according to Webster, so the Americans might have had
 soup.
 Yeah.
 Gosh.
 Imagine having that kind of power that you can just literally change words.
 Exactly.
 An island, he tried to change as well.
 So island, he was going to get rid of the S. So his I-L-A-N-T, so island.
 And is, he was going to get rid of the S and put it as is.
 And that is F.
 Yeah.
 Sorry.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I need to move us on to our next fact.
 So.
 Okay.
 Are you upset?
 Do you want to cry?
 Well, there was a, I am crying, you can't tell because I'm crying into the ducts.
 No, I was going to ask if you wanted to talk about portable soup, pocket soup.
 No.
 Okay.
 No.
 It is time for fact number three.
 Well, give us portable soup, give us portable soup.
 Well, it's also known as veal glue.
 I mean, there are a few different names, but it's basically, it's basically just solid
 soup.
 And again, it was, it was invented in the 17th century.
 It's something to carry around, something to take away to sea with you, like a proto-bovril
 really.
 It's condensing.
 You boil it down, you boil it down, you boil it down until eventually you have this gelatinous
 chunk of soup.
 And then you just rehydrate it.
 And so Lewis and Clark, when they did their expedition, they took 193 pounds of solid
 soup.
 So that would have made, that would have fed them for ages, but they only ate it when
 food, when things were really dead.
 I think that's because it was disgusting.
 Yeah.
 All right.
 Yeah.
 We had a fact also from a listener about Lewis and Clark, which is part of the reason
 I mentioned this.
 Oh yeah.
 It's an amazing trans-American voyage.
 They took 150 pounds of semen with them.
 Which was their dog.
 He was called semen.
 Lovely.
 All right.
 I'm out.
 Okay.
 It is time for fact number three.
 And that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that in 2003, there were 4,096 fraudulent votes in the Belgian election.
 The culprit, it was later discovered, was the universe.
 So what happened is the universe, it's always panto season at the Soho Theatre.
 The universe accidentally voted in the Belgian election and it was down to cosmic rays.
 So basically this is 2003, there was a lady who was running for a unionist party and she
 was called Maria Vindvogel, apologies for the pronunciation.
 And it was national election day and there was a precinct where they were having the
 votes counted and as they were counting it, it sort of registered 4,096, which seemed impossible
 because that was more than there was possible to have in that area.
 So they thought something dodgy is going on.
 They had every single person in computers in the area look at the machine, try to work
 it out.
 What the hell is going on?
 Nothing.
 Have you tried turning that off and on again?
 Sorry.
 It's a computer people game.
 Oh, you're in computers.
 So they looked at it and they looked at it and they saw that 4,096 was a very computer
 renumber.
 Yes.
 Isn't it?
 Is it genuinely?
 It is.
 Some people here will have worked it out.
 Two to the twelve.
 Two to the twelve.
 Two to the twelve.
 It's two to the twelve, so in binary it's one, zero, zero, zero, zero, twelve times and so
 one of the zeros must have turned into a one.
 Yeah.
 So that's...
 Oh, okay.
 Exactly.
 I didn't get that, but sure, yeah.
 Like a mad tiny glitch.
 A mad tiny glitch suddenly and they couldn't work out what it was and then a while later
 there was a conference of the American Association for the Advancement of Science.
 This was happening in Boston and it was during a talk called Cloudy with a Chance of Solar
 Flares that it was revealed that they believed that it was the cosmic rays of the universe
 that had hit it at this precise moment, which happens a lot on our planet.
 I think somebody should call Trump up or his lawyers and be like, "Yo, we've got you a
 better excuse for that whole election, but I've got..."
 This man is just sitting here ruining democracy by like telling everybody, "Well, here's another
 excuse we can use in court."
 Yeah.
 It's the universe.
 It's actually Solar Flares and that one over there is giving you mathematical formulas.
 I'm like, "No part in any of this, but carry on."
 No.
 I like the way that it was Solar Flares that changed the selection.
 So that old newspaper headline, which was The Sun What Won It, literally was true.
 Super.
 That's very good.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 Should we say what a cosmic ray is?
 Yeah.
 Sure.
 So it sounds like a ray, but actually it's not, it's, they're particles, they're pieces
 of atoms.
 They're obviously incredibly tiny and they are passing through all of us right now.
 Even in this basement, we're not safe.
 They're not harmful, that's the good news, but at sea level, roughly where we are, every
 square centimeter of the planet gets hit by one muon every minute and they're going at
 90 muon.
 Right again?
 It's what you make bubble from.
 It was discovery.
 What was that war again?
 The buon.
 Get your muon.
 A muon.
 A muon.
 Yeah.
 All right.
 But all of us now, all of us are being like, just bang, bang, bang, muon's passing right
 through us.
 All of us now are being, is no one concerned even slightly?
 I'm concerned.
 But you said it doesn't harm us.
 It doesn't harm us at all.
 I'm not concerned.
 That's exactly what the muon lobby would say.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Here's the thing.
 We say it doesn't harm us.
 It does harm us because it harms the things that we use.
 It harms communications.
 It harms, if you're, there's examples of airplanes literally dropping hundreds of feet because
 they've been hit by cosmic ray and the system has rebooted and freaked out.
 And those...
 It's rare.
 It's really rare.
 It's really, really rare.
 It's really, really rare.
 So the problem, one of the problems that there is going forward is that these particles
 have energy and they can change, they can flip transistors basically.
 A transistor is a little switch in an electrical thing.
 Now the smaller a transistor is, the less energy you need to flip it and the more you
 have, the more susceptible you are.
 And as time goes on, we have way more transistors in everything and they're way, way smaller.
 So in theory, it could be worse as time goes on.
 It's bad.
 Yeah.
 It is bad.
 Yeah.
 You said it didn't harm us.
 You know when this happened?
 I'm wrong.
 I'm wrong.
 Yeah.
 So it was suspicious.
 Thought there was some kind of fraud going on.
 Yeah, no, absolutely.
 I mean, fortunately because it was so obviously fraudulent that it was called immediately
 even by the party that they just knew.
 Yeah.
 They were a small party, right?
 So it wasn't...
 Yeah.
 And they know because in the Belgium elections, these machines, they do multiple different
 counts in different ways and if any of the counts are different, they know there's something
 off.
 That's clever, basically.
 Did she end up winning, by the way?
 I don't think so.
 No, no, she didn't.
 Oh, that's sad.
 Yeah.
 She never was going to, which hence why it was sort of...
 She saw the numbers and she was like, "My God, the revolution is here."
 This is the way that they do the elections in this part of Belgium.
 So the voters are given a magnetic card with a magnetic strip on it.
 They feed that into a computer.
 Then they use a light pen to point at a television screen and that information then goes back
 onto the card.
 They take the card out, they put it into an urn.
 People go into the urn, they pick the cards out, they put it into another computer.
 That information is sent on the internet to another computer, which is in the polling
 station.
 That information is then put on a 3.5-inch floppy disk.
 This was in 2003, this was happening.
 And then it was sent to the head office in the area where they would then put it into
 another computer, which added up all the numbers.
 Wow.
 I think there's a lot more than solar flares going on.
 That's amazing.
 Wow.
 You think after that, I just imagine if it had been a serious election, the mood would
 have been, democracy would have been at stake.
 I'm sure the people of Belgium thought it was a serious election.
 Belgium is quite chaotic.
 They had no government for about five years, didn't they?
 Yeah.
 And it was fine.
 Yeah.
 We could just ...
 Bye.
 That's so cool.
 Yeah, because if you've seen how long it takes to vote, it's fine.
 You'll do.
 Stay where you are.
 We need to be more like Makassar Indonesia, which in 2018, there was one guy running completely
 unopposed for mayor, and he's still lost the election to none of the above.
 Do you say Indonesia?
 Yeah.
 They have almost the ... I would say the opposite system to the Belgium 2003 system.
 It's entirely ...
 Dictatorship.
 Well, cross it off the touring schedule for 2024.
 I'm looking forward to that.
 They have nail-based voting.
 So you get a ballot form, ballot paper, ballot sheet.
 Might just call it a ballot.
 A ballot.
 You get your ballot, and then you punch a hole next to your chosen candidate with a nail,
 and then you hold it loft during the count.
 You can see where the light shines through the little hole, and that is it.
 And they introduced pens in 2014, but the authorities said, "You must use the pen as
 a nail."
 Just one other election thing that I read.
 Do you know who won the 2020 Nambian election?
 It was a local election.
 Nambian.
 Sorry.
 Are you using Webster's Dictionary?
 Sorry, I was looking for the region, and I got confused as I was saying it.
 So there's a ...
 If I take it slowly and we all concentrate, it'll be okay.
 You can do it.
 You can do it.
 And the Nambian politician, guys, if I cut out all the other stuff, it sounds like you
 are all massive fans of Namibia.
 Hey, they have great landscapes, is all I'm going to say.
 Beautiful.
 No, okay, there's a local politician in Namibia who is ...
 Where is it?
 I'm sorry.
 Where?
 I'm out here as well.
 In Namibia.
 Did you say Namibia?
 I don't know.
 I don't know what comes out of my mouth.
 Namibia.
 There's a candidate.
 Yeah.
 In 2020, there's a Namibian candidate who won a local election who is ... Can you guess
 his name?
 Can you guess his name?
 Whatever we guess is going to be closer than whatever you read.
 It's a former politician, so it's a name that we know.
 So it's kind of like ...
 Like Winston Churchill.
 Kind of like that.
 Tony Blair.
 No.
 There's lots of children named Tony Blair in places like Kosovo.
 Oh, no, they were called ...
 Tony Blair.
 Tony Blair.
 Tony Blair.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 It was a squashed name.
 Tony Blair.
 It was a Christian name.
 Okay, so a famous politician.
 Mulmullen.
 No.
 That's good.
 Ming Campbell.
 Think bigger than England.
 Bigger?
 Erick Pickles.
 No, you're all close.
 Maybe George Washington.
 Really famous politician.
 Yeah, that's a good one.
 But no.
 Right.
 No.
 Adolf Hitler.
 There's a politician there called Adolf Hitler.
 So Adolf is actually a common name over there.
 Was.
 Was.
 Is it still a common name?
 Well, I guess it's a generation that are, yeah, that are sort of like getting into political
 power at age.
 And Adolf Hitler said, and it's Adolf Hitler.
 That's his first and middle name.
 And he says, "My dad absolutely knew who Hitler was.
 I don't think he knew who was a bad guy necessarily."
 You know?
 He sort of gives his dad a bit of coverage on that.
 But he says --
 Wasn't there maybe a German colony or something, it was okay.
 Exactly it was.
 So he seems, I mean, I didn't have enough time to go to a deep dive into him, but he seems
 like quite a cheery, happy guy.
 Might be restoring the name.
 I don't know.
 But he said, they said, "Are you going to change your name?"
 And he said, "It's on all the papers already.
 I think I'll just leave it, actually.
 It's fine."
 So he's just kept it.
 And he won his election?
 Yeah, he won it.
 It's recognisable.
 Yeah, exactly.
 His Wikipedia says, by the way, it says --
 It says, "Not to be confused with."
 Exactly.
 Yeah, yeah.
 "Not to be confused with Adolf Hitler."
 And then on that sidebar, it has occupation, political activist, known for sharing the
 name as Adolf Hitler.
 That's got to be the disambiguation on Wikipedia with the biggest difference in article length
 between the one guy and the other guy.
 Yeah, yeah.
 I don't know what he's achieved in Namibia, you know?
 Very true.
 Very true.
 Do you know, in -- it was 1964, the general election, which Harold Wilson was the victor
 in?
 Yes.
 Defeated Alec Douglas Hume.
 Go on.
 Well, that's kind of hot.
 Oh, Dan, where were you during my university years?
 But, yeah, so 1964, he says that one of the big reasons he believes that he won the election
 is because they managed to swing a bunch of the marginal seats that might not have gone
 to Labour had the turnout not have been as massive, right?
 So he needed to get the turnout to be massive.
 And according to him, he managed to do this by persuading the BBC to delay a repeat of
 Steptoe and Son, the TV series, and moving it to another time.
 And as a result, no one was glued to the TV, and they went, "All right, let's go out and
 vote instead."
 And he says that he thinks that that's what helped shift the vote.
 Harold Wilson said that.
 Harold Wilson said that, yeah.
 It's actually a bit more complicated than that.
 So, it's a...
 OK, I need to move us on to our final fact of the show.
 It's time for our final fact of the show, and that is Andy.
 My fact is that the man who just broke the world record for living underwater got a visit
 from his 80-year-old mother halfway through to keep him cheerful.
 Oh, nice.
 Oh, that's nice.
 It's a pretty sweet story.
 Yeah.
 A man called Joe Ditturi, and he's a brilliant scientist, and he's been studying how extreme
 pressure affects the human body over long periods of time, and it might be helpful for
 space missions if humans ever go to Mars.
 So he moved to the Florida Keys.
 There's an underwater lab, and you go down about 22 feet, and you're living under there.
 The pressure is much higher than at the surface, obviously.
 So it's a dry environment.
 You're in a sort of pod capsule thing, and he was doing tests on himself every day.
 He managed 100 days, which is huge.
 Humans have lived that far down for that long before, unless you're in a submarine.
 Slightly vexed question, never mind.
 And it's the longest underwater in a fixed structure, sorry, because otherwise, a lot
 of our listeners are on submarines, nuclear subs, and we'll get emails eventually.
 Yeah, and he's an incredible guy, and he got a visit from his mum, who sounds like
 an incredible woman.
 She scuba-dived down to go up to meeting.
 So he did 100 days, and it was a bit further than the halfway, it was 81 days into it,
 and she scuba-dived down with his brother, and there's this great photo of them just
 sitting in this underwater house.
 It is quite cool.
 It's quite, you know, Ele, you're an explorer, and it's good that people go down this and
 do all this thing.
 But it is a commercial hotel that he stayed in.
 So any of us, if we could afford it, could just go and live there ourselves.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 The problem is, there's so many people doing these, I'm going to stay down here, the longest
 attempts, the booking is like, have you got anything in August?
 Nothing?
 Yeah.
 Except I've got nothing.
 One guy?
 But they don't have someone coming by and cleaning the room every day, do they?
 Someone scuba-diving down with a mint that they actually do.
 They will send you down pizza, though, so it's $800 a night for two people, and there's
 a...
 Is that it?
 Well...
 I would have expected that to be much higher.
 If you can't scuba-dive, you also have to pay for a three-hour scuba-diving class.
 Okay, but like some premier ends in the central town are busy times.
 That's not bad.
 Yeah, I guess so.
 It includes a pizza dinner, which they send out.
 Apparently, I read the TripAdvisor reviews, apparently the pizza is sometimes slightly
 damp.
 Oh, really?
 Wow.
 And yeah, and then you can stay, and then you can't fly or dive again for 24 hours afterwards
 because of the pressure change that you've had.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Because you're pressurised, aren't you?
 Yeah, that's the kind of the point of his science, isn't it?
 He's like, he thinks that the pressure down there is going to help us live for a million
 years.
 A hundred and ten at least.
 So he's 55 years old, and he's saying, "I believe that if I was living down here, that
 would be...
 I'd be at the halfway mark on my life expectancy, so I can make it...
 It's really interesting.
 It is interesting.
 So, like, there's two things that come to mind.
 One is that this...
 Yeah, you kind of touched on it, which is like this, forgive the words, I'm about to
 use the interface between extreme adventure and science is becoming really weird and
 actually happened quite recently with OceanX, right?
 Like, it's just this idea that anyone can go on an expedition.
 Basically, as long as you're willing to pay enough money, like, even Everest, we're talking
 about Everest.
 There's loads of people that now aren't really training for Everest, and they've just got
 these poor Sherpas, basically, literally hiking them up.
 And there is...
 I don't know, it's really weird.
 I don't know how I feel about all of it.
 This, you know...
 The theory is legit.
 No, no, I know.
 But the thing is, it's like, there's now this really weird move in exploration where a lot
 of really big research vessels are actually also tourist vessels, so you can get on these
 massive vessels that are basically, like, for people that are spending, like, £60,000
 for their, like, trip of a lifetime, and there's a bunch of, like, actual hardcore scientists
 in the corner doing all this stuff, but also have to give, like, a lecture to, like, all
 these people.
 And it's just...
 I don't know how I feel about it at all.
 And they're doing it to help pay for it.
 Yeah, yeah.
 That's the thing, it's a funding issue, isn't it, ultimately?
 Yeah.
 So it's kind of, yeah, it's kind of a good way of making sure that your expedition happens
 at all.
 But I get what you're saying.
 It turns it into a tourist proposition.
 But he's found out a lot of amazing stuff, because he was down there.
 He was monitoring every single bit of his body every day.
 So one thing that is gonna be probably annoying for the next person in is that the toilet gets
 a lot of usage when you're down there, because your bladder is really squished, right?
 So he said you're constantly just going to the toilet.
 Increased frequency and urgency of urination, is how you put it.
 And also, he says that it's interesting that the...
 I'm so glad you're saying this, because I've got it in my nose and you're working out a
 identical way to say it.
 I was trying to look for the phrasing.
 Your semen travels at short...
 Your dog.
 Yeah.
 Seamen travels at shorter distances when you're down there as well.
 And so he...
 His mother's down there.
 Maybe that's why he stopped it.
 Don't come in.
 Don't...
 Don't skip what I've done here.
 I'm doing an experiment.
 You can only enter by rising up through the moon pool in the floor as well, so I'm like,
 "Go back down!
 Go back down!"
 Is that gonna be a problem for people having children?
 Yes.
 He says that maybe we won't be able to continue the species beneath 22 feet under sea level.
 Which is an interesting observation, because his point is that, as part of the research,
 and this was happening a lot in the '60s, could we set up underwater bases where people could
 live for long periods of time?
 Jacques Cousteau did that.
 Sylvie Earle went down.
 She's an amazing oceanographer.
 They would go down for 30 days, 40 days, 50 days, and so on, trying to work out can we
 live down there?
 That was the big push.
 Let's build these giant underwater civilizations, basically.
 But we won't be able to ejaculate properly.
 So we will...
 No, we will not.
 You've got to go up for that, and then you come back down.
 There's a lot of teenage boys just going, "I'm just going to go for a quick...
 I just want to see the surface quickly."
 Just want to see the stars.
 There's a whale up there.
 He can show me some cool new constellations.
 I was thinking a lot about James Cameron recently, because, again, because of the ocean
 gate thing, when I first heard about what he did in the ocean space, I'll be honest,
 I didn't really believe it.
 He went down to the bottom of the Mariana's trends.
 Yes, he did.
 He's been deeper than any person.
 He's been deeper.
 So the guy who directed Avatar 2 has been deeper than anyone else on the planet.
 Yes.
 Well, you also directed Titanic, so that's closer, right?
 Well, Avatar 2, The Way of Water is a largely aquatic film, so it's actually a more relevant
 thing for me to mention at this point.
 Sure, Andy.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Touched a nerve, don't know what that was about, but anyway.
 Sorry.
 Sorry.
 I got...
 Sorry, your CBI movie, exactly.
 Yes.
 Sorry, I got really, really crossed.
 Yes.
 And can I say, that was not hot, OK?
 Oh, have I undone all my good...
 Anything you undoed the sexiness of earlier.
 Of the Alec Douglas Hume moment earlier, yeah.
 It's so interesting, because he gave up his seat in the House of Lords to run as the
 conservative leader.
 That's very rare.
 What?
 Are you saying something about...
 Cameron also went down to see the Titanic and so the Mariana's trench, and that's his
 oceanography credentials.
 No, no, no.
 But that's the thing, that's not just his oceanography credentials.
 So people think, "Oh, he...", so he's been to the Titanic more than 30-odd times, and
 you're like, "Oh, that's something..."
 But what's actually amazing is that he is legitimately, in his own right, a deep sea
 explorer, not in any way as a tourist, as an engineer.
 And there are all these crazy stories.
 So for example, Bob Ballard, who find the Titanic.
 I don't know if you guys are following this, but after the whole catastrophe with that
 submersible, Ballard and James Cameron came out publicly and were like, "Look, there were
 safety concerns, there were always safety concerns.
 We've tried to highlight this, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera."
 And what was really fascinating is watching the interaction between the two of them, because
 at one point, Bob Bloody Ballard turns around and goes, "I mean, yeah, I'll defer to what
 he said about the mechanics of the...", and you're just sitting there going, "Bob Ballard
 is respecting this guy who was one.
 Like God knows...
 Stay in your lane, stop making us feel bad about ourselves."
 The guy is like this incredible filmmaker and is also this incredible tech guy and the
 detail he will go into.
 And then I did some digging and apparently, like, this has always been the case...
 Sorry, this is...
 You've got to understand, it made me feel really bad about myself.
 So apparently at the age of 14, James Cameron turns up to the Royal Ontario Museum, where
 outside they had Canada's first permanent submersible and they had it out there and
 then they were going to put it in the water in Lake Charon for like two years.
 And it's outside the museum and he writes to the museum at the age of 14, asks for
 a blueprint for the bloody submersible.
 And the guy...
 I think his name's Joe McGinnis, who's like a really, really famous oceanographer.
 He's like, "Okay, this is insane, sure, I'll give you it."
 And he sits there, James Cameron, 14, and tries to make it based on this blueprint, puts
 a mouse in it...
 Well, he tries to make his own one.
 Yeah, yeah.
 But a small one, puts a mouse in it and puts it in a lake behind the Niagara Falls where
 he lives.
 And apparently the mouse makes it but it's slightly traumatised.
 And then he's like, "Oh, I've got a problem with the windows."
 All again at the age of 14, writes to this scientist again and goes, "Can you help me
 with the window design?"
 And the guy gives him the address to a company that he can write to to get...
 What's it called?
 The Perplex Grass?
 What's it called?
 Perplex?
 Perplex?
 Namibia.
 Why can't we...
 Why can't I pronounce things today?
 And they actually send him a sample and then he attaches it and does it again.
 And like, "Does this whole...
 The age of 14, you're thinking, 'Oh, this guy's a genius!'"
 Yeah, that is amazing.
 We're going to have to move on in a sec because we want to run away over so, yeah, we need
 to get out of here and get our bov-rolls.
 Well, I can tell you a few more things about going on the watch.
 So, the word "urinator" originally meant someone who dived.
 Oh!
 So, the first use in English of the word "urinator" is someone who goes deep-sea diving and then
 later it became someone who urinates.
 Must have been a crossover, period.
 Hilarious consequences.
 It's impossible to fart past 20 metres.
 A challenge.
 A challenge for the people at Guinness.
 Are you going to cry and fart underwater?
 Is that what the aim is?
 So, this guy...
 Deepest underwater simultaneous fart cry, one by Andrew Hunter Murray.
 Wow.
 The guy couldn't have farted in the whole time he was there, he couldn't do.
 Dr Deepsea?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Because what happens is, due to Boyle's law, the volume is much, much smaller of your
 fats and your body just can't push it through.
 And so, what that means is, as you go up, it expands.
 No!
 Oh, what?
 Wait, that doesn't happen with the other thing, does it?
 At the front.
 You mean the ejaculation stuff?
 I do mean the ejaculation stuff.
 Actually, you blast your way back to the surface.
 Lads, lads, lads, lads, lads!
 OK, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said over
 the course of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sribeland.
 James.
 @JamesHarken.
 @AndrewUnderM.
 @Ella.
 @EllaAlshamahi.
 Under School.
 Alshamahi.
 @Ella_Alshamahi.
 Or you can go to our group account, which is @NoSuchThing.
 Or you can go to our website, NoSuchThing, asafish.com, all of our previous episodes up there, so do
 check them out.
 So, Otheater, guys, thank you so much for being here today.
 Really appreciate it.
 Don't tell anyone what happened.
 But that's it, and we'll see you again another time.
 Thanks so much.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
