 We run it on QI a few years ago.
 Yeah.
 Which was, there's no such thing as a fish.
 You did a nice, such thing as a fish.
 No, seriously, it's in the Oxford Dictionary of Underwater Life.
 It says it right there, first paragraph.
 No such thing as a fish.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Hello, and welcome to another episode of "No Such Thing as a Fish"
 a weekly QI podcast coming to you from the QI offices
 in Covenant Garden.
 My name is Dan Triber.
 I'm sitting here with three other elves, James Harkin,
 Alex Bell, and Anna Chazinski.
 And once again, we're gathering around our microphone,
 and we're going to share with each other
 our favorite facts from the last seven days.
 So in no particular order, here they are.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Alex, let's start with you.
 OK, my fact is that one of the last things that NASA
 had to do before launching space shuttles
 was detach the inflatable owls.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Wow, why would they have inflatable owls
 on those space shuttles?
 Basically, this was at Cape Kennedy.
 And they had a bit of a wildlife problem there, just generally,
 because the launch pad is actually
 in the middle of a nature reserve.
 So one of the problems they had was with woodpeckers
 on the big fuel tanks on the side of the space shuttle
 there, sort of bright orange.
 And they're covered in foam insulation,
 which is quite delicate.
 And they had this problem with woodpeckers
 that were just coming up and pecking holes in them.
 And they have no idea why they were doing this.
 So didn't they actually have to cancel a shuttle launch
 in order to-- because too much damage was done to work?
 Yeah, discovery, I think, was one of the ones
 that was delayed quite a lot.
 And then it can't fall into rescheduled and things.
 So they did several things.
 Firstly, they used sound blasters, which I think
 were some sort of sound thing to scare away woodpeckers.
 They also, apparently, had a 24 hour bird-watching contingent
 on the run-up to the launch to keep an eye out.
 Yeah, I read that there were people, members of the public,
 when they'd heard about this, writing in with their own suggestions.
 Like amateur scientists.
 Yeah, there's great suggestions.
 One of them was to paint the tanks blue.
 A color woodpeckers hate.
 Station falcons at the pads.
 So acting, yeah, effectively, falcons would chase them off.
 Boyle skunk cabbage and spray water on the tanks.
 What skunk cabbage?
 I have no idea.
 This is just--
 It put back as, hey, blue.
 Do they-- like, sunny days are just a nightmare.
 Well, they're not trying to peck the sky,
 they're just doing like the taste of blue.
 Like that.
 I just say, I'm not allowed to let my dog off the lead
 in a nature reserve, a NASA can build
 like an entire space station in the middle of one.
 It seems like not a good place to put it.
 Well, I think there was tickles on issues.
 There were some other problems as well.
 I've got an article from a newspaper from 1983
 that some headlined NASA must cope with wild pigs,
 as a quote from it saying, that the space centrifugeals
 say they routinely check runways
 for pigs and alligators before any aircraft is clear to land.
 I don't think that's space shuttles, but that's--
 Yeah, alligators supposedly always
 lounging out, because it's a nice heated pad for the landing strip.
 It's not a great place for pigs to be living where
 alligators live as well.
 Imagine the secret of CCTV footage.
 They must have epic battles on the runways
 and you can see a little bat that was obviously sleeping
 on the shuttle, and obviously woke up when his home
 took off.
 NASA had to say, we're really sorry, but he probably died.
 I was really upset.
 Sorry, go on.
 No, just on the pig thing.
 NASA actually hired a pig trapper, only in this article.
 And you imagine kind of going into someone
 saying, yeah, I work for NASA.
 What do you do?
 Yeah, I track the--
 Yeah, I'm the pig trapper.
 I'm NASA.
 Yeah, I'm a pig trapper.
 It's figure pigs.
 This is almost unrelated.
 But do you know, many evil times in England,
 pigs were a bigger pest than rats in London.
 And feral pigs were all over London.
 The government offered rewards if you could kill a pig
 and bring the evidence that you'd kill the feral pig.
 They'd just be in your cupboard, seat in your cereal.
 Yeah.
 Pooing all over the kitchen floor.
 So we haven't said--
 So the reason they had owls, inflatable owls,
 is because of these woodpeckers.
 And that was the solution to put these owls.
 So they were basically just spherical balloons
 with owl eyes and an evil eyebrow.
 They'd sit on the top to look like an owl.
 I'll put some pictures up on the website.
 But they were called, I think, owl terror eyes.
 And then you can buy them now as well.
 They just sort of festooned them over the structure
 of the space shuttle, like Halloween decorations.
 Because they did have owls that were living on the crane
 that was attached to the space shuttle.
 I don't know if there was a theory that during that period,
 that's why there were no woodpeckers there,
 because there was owls living there.
 But they'd gone to a lot of trouble with the RSPCA
 and other wildlife foundations.
 Because when they did take off this one time,
 they blasted these owls.
 Oh, it's terrible.
 But what's interesting is that NASA's actually
 been talked into taking it quite seriously
 and looking after the animals.
 So they actively do do that.
 So if they're going to retrieve any of the booster rockets
 that land in the banana river, which has apparently
 the largest refuge of manatees in America,
 they now use water jets as opposed to propellers
 so that they don't kill any of the wildlife.
 So they've changed the system for that.
 This is an interesting one.
 They used to have blinding lights that shine when they were
 on the launch pads.
 That were the turtles that were going into the sea.
 Log head sea turtles.
 They would see the light as opposed to the moonshine.
 And the moonshine would usually direct them to the ocean.
 But they would see the launch pad lights.
 And they would head towards the launch pad lights
 and die on the way, because they'd never reach the ocean.
 So they've changed their lights to be less disorientating
 bulbs.
 Good for NASA.
 So I like low-fi things that they do.
 The astronauts do like-- they use tacco sauce
 to secure debris on the ISS.
 And they're inside the space suits.
 They have a little bit of velcro that they
 used to itch their nose with, because they can't itch their nose
 and stuff like that.
 Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 It's stuff like that.
 Yeah, NASA's very good.
 Like, the ALS is a good example of just a continuing
 tradition of highly inventive solutions.
 What was the one that you initially, Alex,
 you had a fact that you wanted to use?
 So I think this has been doing around the internet recently,
 apparently, but I was watching a really old documentary
 about various aspects of the earlier space program.
 And apparently, in the men's spacesuits,
 there's a sort of condom-like sheath
 that the astronauts have to wear so that they can go
 to the Lou in the suits.
 And they came in three sizes, which
 is small, medium, and large.
 But all the astronauts are just picking large,
 and they refuse to give the old NASA decided
 to change the names to large gigantic and humongous names.
 It's true.
 I found this out, which I really like.
 Charlie Juke, who was on Apollo 16.
 He had such a problem with swearing
 that he had to be hypnotized before heading into space
 so that he wouldn't swear once he was on the moon.
 So when they were doing live broadcasts--
 Are you not allowed to swear on the moon?
 Well, no, I think because we were being--
 Oh, we were hearing everything.
 Yeah, so he was told not to swear.
 And it led, as a result, he sings a lot on the moon
 because that was the compensation in the hypnosis.
 He got suddenly--
 Oh, really?
 Every time he was going to swear,
 he just belted out my way or something.
 Yeah, yeah.
 There was that guy.
 I can't remember which astronaut it was.
 I bet one of you guys remembers who Smok got told off
 really badly for smuggling a sandwich into space.
 I think it was called Beef Sandwich, wasn't it?
 And I can't remember who it was in the 1960s.
 Yes, but then weirdly, when Buzz and Neil Armstrong
 landed on the moon, their first meal
 was a ham salad sandwich.
 Yeah, oh, yeah.
 And we know that Buzz smuggled some stuff up to the moon, don't we?
 Yeah, yeah, he smuggled up some wine and some holy bread,
 which had been blessed by a priest.
 Yeah, to do the first of a communion.
 Yeah, he's incredible.
 You could sneak--
 Yeah, it really is.
 It makes me question whether we can put
 NASA in charge of outer space missions.
 But they can't even body-search someone properly.
 Apollo 12, you get a checklist, which are these kind of flip
 boards that you get on board the ship.
 Some of the prankster kind of employees for NASA,
 some of the engineers snuck on playboy photos
 in between the checklist.
 So yeah, I will put a photo up on QI.com/podcast.
 It's a--
 It's a naked, naked, naked spot.
 No, it's history, James.
 You're really trying to get people onto my website.
 Come to QI.com/podcast.
 You can see naked ladies--
 Boops from outer space.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 OK, time for fact number two, this one's mine.
 So we all know the famous advert that
 comes on at the beginning of DVDs.
 That sort of anti-piracy.
 You wouldn't steal a card.
 You wouldn't steal a handbag.
 The advert that's telling you--
 Right at the end, what does it say, Alex?
 It says, "piracy is a crime.
 I think piracy is stealing."
 Piracy is stealing, yeah.
 And so is stealing.
 And so is stealing.
 That's definitely stealing, it's a crime.
 It was officially, I mean, it was commissioned
 for an anti-piracy ad, but it was meant
 to be used just at a small film festival where
 they were sort of showcasing this thing.
 So the guy who created it, his name is Melchior Wright-Velt.
 He wrote this music.
 He got given basic money for it to be
 used at this local film festival.
 And then in 2007, he bought a Harry Potter DVD.
 The top was this advert with his music.
 And so since 2007, all the way to 2012,
 he's been trying to say, could I have the money, please?
 Because he was owed millions, I mean,
 for the amount of use--
 Wow.
 Yeah, and so finally, the company that was using it
 called him up, a guy called Mr. Gerritz.
 And he said that he would pay him out for 1 million euros.
 But that Mr. Gerritz would get to keep 1/3 of that money
 for all the hard work and trouble that he'd gone through
 to get him that 1 million euros.
 So anyway, he recorded that conversation.
 He played it.
 Mr. Gerritz got fired.
 And he's been compensated since.
 It's pretty appalling that they did that, though.
 And then it's not great.
 I know it will get us out of this mess.
 An old-fashioned bride.
 What?
 Did you guys know that Holly Davidson tried
 to trademark the sound of its revs?
 What?
 Yep.
 Those three revs, apparently, I don't really know much about motorbikes.
 But apparently, the three revs at the start
 sound like, I think this is on the Holly Davidson website.
 Sound like potato, potato, potato.
 And fair enough, loads of other motorbikes manufacturers
 said, I'm really sorry.
 Our revs sound really similar.
 You can't do this.
 And they didn't.
 Asda cooperates with slapping your ass.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 Does it-- you know, it goes that advert where you go,
 did, do, do, do, do.
 Don't they go, that's Asda price?
 Yeah, that's right.
 Is it just your own ass or anyone's?
 Like, is it copyrighted a sexual advance, basically?
 Yeah.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Basically, the way these things work
 is it's only in the specific area.
 If you're trying to pass off as their kind of thing.
 So, Aldi or Waitrose couldn't do an ass slapping kind of advert
 because they copyrighted it for that.
 There was also someone copyrighted touching the side
 of your nose as if to indicate knowledge
 and also tipping a bowl of hat.
 And they're both registered by building societies.
 Really?
 I think we're living in a really interesting time
 when it comes to copyright and piracy and so on.
 Because we don't quite yet know if it works for or against.
 The people who either make or sell or whatever.
 But like, for example, Monty Python decided
 they were going to put up a bunch of clips on YouTube
 from their old Monty Python flying circus series.
 And actually, it had the reverse effect of what you would think.
 On the Amazon charts, they went up to number two.
 And the sales increased by an estimated 16,000 to 23,000 percent
 on Amazon alone.
 And that's that worked in their favor,
 whereas everyone would encourage you not to do that because--
 So, it's really odd.
 You don't know if it works for or against.
 Well, the guys and Netflix, they look into what people are pirating.
 And then they decide what to buy, depending
 on what people are pirating.
 Really?
 Sensible.
 That's very sensible, yeah.
 I like with video games.
 They have a different approach to anti-piracy.
 They actually embed within their games protection thing
 so that you can continue playing the game,
 but you know that you've got a stolen item.
 For example, there's a game called Michael Jackson,
 The Experience, which is on DS.
 And the idea is that once the game realizes
 that you've got a pirated version of it, it halts it,
 and it just plays with a cellar music all over it.
 So it's just a loop.
 So it's just a constant loop.
 That's pretty clever, that I can't do.
 Yeah, yeah.
 It's a Batman game as well, which when it knows
 that you've got a pirated copy, like--
 Batman comes in, in case you're asked.
 Physically comes to the door.
 No, his cape will refuse to open, preventing players
 from gliding and gliding as a massive part of the game.
 So you can only get so far without being to do anything.
 Talking about similar things to that.
 In the early days of cinema, they
 had silent cinema, and people would pirate films basically
 by just taking an entire film, cutting in a bit of new material
 and releasing it as a new picture.
 And there was a company called The Biograph Company.
 And what they did was they made sure
 that their trademark was in every single shot.
 So it would be on a door or on a wall or in a window
 or on a T-shirt or something like that.
 So that every time someone did that,
 they'd just see their trademark all the way through the movie.
 Yeah, yeah.
 That's very good.
 They-- years ago on Museum of Curiosity,
 we had Terry Pratchadon.
 He told us this thing about, in Germany,
 in the German translated versions of his books,
 he said someone would write to him from Germany saying,
 do you know that they've placed adverts in your book?
 And so Terry was fine.
 Because he was like, well, in America, back in the day,
 that's what they would do.
 There would be just an advert, a full-page advert
 for a cigarette company or something like that.
 And you'd just continue reading.
 So he was fine with it.
 And so he said, no, that's cool.
 But the person wrote back saying, no, no, no.
 They've inserted the ad into the dialogue amongst the characters.
 So while the characters from his Discworld novels are running around,
 they would suddenly stop because they were quite parched
 and crack open a Coca-Cola while they were being chased
 or open some magic two-minute noodles
 and make some two-minute noodles before carrying on
 with what Terry Pratchadon had written.
 And so apparently, this wasn't just Terry Pratchad books.
 There was a lot of books in Germany and Pratchad wrote to them
 and he's had this stopped now.
 But yeah.
 That's so good.
 Yeah.
 They also, I like, because you reminded me that in China,
 there's a lot of a similar thing where they take existing text
 or footage, but in this case, text.
 So with Harry Potter books, because of the distance
 of time between each of the sequels,
 people just started writing their own Harry Potter books
 and publishing in China.
 Yeah, I've got a list.
 That Harry Potter and the Big Funnel.
 This is great.
 I'll give you this was the blurb.
 They came on the book.
 Yeah, yeah.
 No, they were all trying to pass themselves off as genuine books.
 This is the blurb.
 After six years at Hogwarts, Harry Potter
 has become an intern sorcerer and is assigned to teach
 at the Honitan School.
 Harry has a painful time at his aunt's house
 as Dudley has met a belly dancing girl
 as Harry prepares to report to his job.
 Batbug warns him disaster awaits.
 Exciting new character, Batbug.
 At the school, his students become wooden stools
 one after another.
 Harry doesn't know whether an evil student is behind this
 or if his old benefactor, Hagrid, is making a mistake
 or if the shadow of Voldemort has returned
 or did it have something to do with the Big Funnel?
 [LAUGHTER]
 Leave me open and leave me with more of this, more of this.
 So that's the Big Funnel list.
 I reckon it has something to do with the Big Funnel.
 Yeah.
 I'm going to wise my the title.
 [LAUGHTER]
 This is a French version of Harry Potter's book.
 Because Lord Voldemort's name, his full name,
 Tom Marvelli Riddle, has to be an addict grandma
 by "I am Lord Voldemort."
 Yeah.
 And so it doesn't work in all different countries.
 They have to change his name.
 And in France, his middle name is Elvis.
 [LAUGHTER]
 That's a great fact.
 Do you know what I think the Chinese are doing
 with the Harry Potter thing?
 This is just coincidentally, I was reading a bit of an interview
 yesterday with this woman who decided to translate
 Finnegun's Wake, which is like James Joyce's
 more dense than Ulysses' work.
 And she's taken, I think, seven years
 to translate the first third of it into Mandarin.
 And there's been quite a best seller in China, and they love it.
 But there's a little clip of her saying,
 I don't-- this is so hard.
 Please stop crushing me.
 I just don't know if I can write the rest of it.
 I don't know if I can translate the rest right now.
 So the Chinese are used to having what
 we've got a third of Finnegun's Wake.
 We love it.
 Once and next in a storm, then.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 OK, time to move on to fact number three, which is yours, James.
 OK, yeah, my fact is that, according
 to the government's website of the Czech Republic,
 there are three symbols of Easter in the Czech Republic.
 They are Easter eggs, the Easter lamb, and whipping.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I really want to do that on a poker, sorry.
 No, so this is a tradition that happens every Easter Monday
 in the Czech Republic.
 And boys, young lads, would go around whipping young maids
 so that they are healthy and cheerful for the entire year
 to come.
 And the girls, as a reward for being whipped,
 they give their boys decorated Easter eggs called cross-leads.
 Because they're so grateful for being whipped, yeah, cool.
 Apparently, anyone visiting the country
 is a bit concerned when they see it,
 because one of the things I like to do
 is to chase the women around with these whips.
 While they run away.
 Apparently, everyone loves it, so it's--
 Yeah.
 These whips, they're like very beautiful pieces of willow
 with ribbons on, so they're not like a, you know,
 it's not like a leather, cat or nine tails kind of thing.
 But yeah, I really love that.
 Just I like to look at traditions that are going on around
 the world. There's loads of really cool stuff happening around Easter,
 because often, as well as it being like a Catholic feast,
 it was traditionally like a pagan time of year, you know,
 it's a rebirth of things.
 So there's all sorts of going on.
 Apparently, in Norway, I was reading this.
 I don't have this as true.
 But most of the major television stations
 of Easter show murder mystery shows.
 And that's all they show, because it's become a tradition
 that you watch murder mysteries in Norway, obviously.
 And in the Philippines, some Christians
 will-- because they want to associate themselves with Jesus,
 they will crucify themselves.
 They'll nail themselves onto a cross and be self
 and be graduated and very painful.
 But there's a lot of people around so that they don't--
 Not through-- they nail themselves through the hands.
 Yeah.
 Right.
 Mental.
 So here's another thing about whipping.
 Do you know about these guys called
 "flagulants" for the Black Death?
 They would whip them so-- they would go to towns
 where they were struggling with the plague.
 And they would whip themselves for a fee
 to bring God's favor onto a community.
 And the idea was they would hurt themselves,
 and that would somehow get God's favor,
 and he would get rid of the plague.
 It's a nice idea.
 Yeah, that's the best hate for it.
 Was that big?
 Because the only reference point I have to that
 is the Da Vinci code, where the evil guy and that whips
 themselves consistently--
 Oh, it's the same.
 Yeah, it's the same.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Yeah.
 And-- but at the same time, apparently,
 there was another group called the pseudo-flagulants,
 and they also went around Europe,
 and they would also get money.
 But instead of hitting themselves with whips,
 they performed unusual sexual acts in public.
 And it doesn't explain what unusual sexual acts are.
 But you just know it's more fun than whipping yourself.
 Yeah.
 It is more fun.
 And also, it's hard to imagine God would be looking down
 at this and going, yeah, those are the guys.
 Those are the guys--
 Well done, man.
 I like weird, weird traditions.
 I guess our traditions must look weird to our side as well.
 But in "Garvel," you'll probably know this, James,
 which I think is in Sweden.
 They've had this tradition since 1966,
 where a town council built a 13-meter-tour goat figure
 to celebrate Christmas, made of straw,
 and vandals burned it down on Christmas Eve.
 And now it's become tradition.
 So the council is pretty pissed off about that.
 Didn't want vandals to do this.
 But now it's become tradition.
 They've maintained this 13-meter-tour figure.
 And almost every year vandals keep burning it down.
 And there's this constant night tug of war in this little town,
 the Christmas tradition, the burning of the "Garvel" goat
 happens.
 And I think it's happened 26 times since 1966.
 And since the 1980s, an English bookmaker's
 allows you to place bets on the goat's survival.
 Which you like to bet, James.
 I can imagine you should do that.
 I mean, it just stopped building it out of straw, maybe.
 Something less flammable, if they really--
 Yeah, but also as well.
 Yeah.
 I was when I was looking into the whipping.
 I suddenly realized it in no much about whipping.
 And I wanted to find out more.
 And this was a surprising thing.
 I read about a guy who had not heard from in history
 called Whipping Tom.
 Has anyone heard of Whipping Tom?
 No, it's really, but no.
 OK, it was an attacker in London,
 lived near Hackney, who would attack women walking in the street.
 He never did anything to the point of actually killing any of them.
 But he was just whipping them.
 He would approach them on accompanied women in alleys and courtyards.
 And he would just spank them on the butt with his whip.
 And then he would sue my oyster.
 Yeah.
 No, and he'd flee.
 My favorite thing about it is they did eventually
 capture the person.
 And then there was a copycat Whipping Tom, who appeared
 a few years later, but the description of him--
 and I know it's obviously this was distressing for women.
 But it was the 1600s.
 We can laugh about it.
 He would see-- he would wait in narrow and dimly alleys and courtyards.
 And a pot and seeing on accompanied women,
 he would grab them, lift their dress, and slap their buttocks
 repeatedly before fleeing.
 He would sometimes accompany his attacks by shouting, "Spanko!"
 [LAUGHTER]
 He sounds like a superhero.
 He sounds like a superhero.
 Spanko, man.
 So yeah, in Czechoslovakia, he would have been a superhero.
 That would have been a really good thing for him to be doing, right?
 Because the ladies love it, then.
 Yeah, there would have been like, where's Spanko?
 [LAUGHTER]
 OK, time for our final fact of the show.
 Anna, this one's yours.
 Yeah.
 So my fact is that at Earl's Court tube station in 1911,
 a one-legged man was employed to write the escalator.
 This is Bumper Harris, isn't it?
 This is Bumper Harris, yeah.
 And he was employed to write the escalator.
 It was the first escalator that had been
 installed on the London Underground.
 And people were always really scared of new inventions.
 So common places seem to us.
 And so he was employed by the Department of Transport
 to write up and down the escalator and show people that it was safe.
 And I think the idea was like, even a one-legged man
 can get up and down this safely.
 So you're probably going to be fine, guys.
 Did he-- was he one-legged or did he have a prosthetic?
 I think he had a prosthetic leg.
 OK.
 Although weirdly, in the first week that the escalator was installed,
 nine dresses were torn, one finger was pinched,
 and one lame passenger fell off his crotch.
 So apparently not that suitable.
 Well, they weren't as--
 in their early days, escalators weren't as--
 for example, there wasn't a side handrail
 that you could hold that would go down with you and so on.
 So there were a lot more harsh.
 Yeah.
 It wasn't the first escalator when you came at Harris.
 Yeah, that's right.
 But you used to have someone selling at the top
 with a bottle of brandy to give people
 a little shots to come around.
 Brandy and Smellings, that all deal.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 1920s, they had a system in--
 they designed a system for Atlanta.
 And they had walkways that would go at six miles an hour.
 It's not that fast.
 It was kind of fast, you know.
 And the idea was that you would have a walkway
 that went at six miles an hour.
 And then next to that, you would have one at four miles an hour.
 So you would only have a two miles an hour jump
 to go from one to the other.
 Next to that would be a moving walkway of two miles an hour.
 And next to that would be a moving walkway, which
 didn't move.
 That's sensible.
 Kind of a walkway.
 [LAUGHTER]
 But that never took off because basically cars
 came in around the same time.
 And so they didn't need them anymore.
 I think they installed a similar system, though, in Paris.
 I find it weird how long it took them, by the way,
 to put stairs on escalators.
 Because for like 20 years, they had travelators, which
 were just slopes upwards.
 But anyway, I think they had what you're describing in Paris.
 They had-- it was about a mile long, I think, in 1900.
 And it was two moving walkways going at different pieces.
 And anyway, Thomas Edison turned up there.
 So he seemed to be everywhere around this time doing his thing.
 And he was really impressed with it.
 And he decided to film it and the footage.
 So I watched the footage of him filming this walkway in Paris.
 And everyone's really excited by it.
 Because it's a new innovation.
 And there's a moment in the footage.
 And I'll put it on the website page, where a man just
 appears from the crowd and punches a boy in the face.
 Oh, what?
 I'll put it on the website.
 Does he shut Spanko, where he's--
 [INTERPOSING VOICES]
 It's so weird.
 Before the L's court, the first escalator L's court,
 I didn't realize that they had--
 they installed this spiral escalator in the 1880s,
 or spiral elevator, I think they called it at the time.
 And it was really just meant to be like a scenic ride.
 And so it was meant to simulate being
 in France in the middle of the mountains.
 And so you went up this spiral, which was--
 I can't remember how many meters high, but pretty high--
 went up and up.
 And then you was surrounded by these Vistas panoramas
 of beautiful mountains.
 Where was that--
 Oh, it was cool.
 Oh, was it?
 Yeah.
 The first ever escalator was in Coney Island.
 And that was also an amusement rather than anything else.
 It was just a ride.
 But there was 75,000 people rode it in the first two weeks.
 There's an amazing ride of standing on an escalator.
 Yeah.
 I was reading into just--
 I got interested in other sort of debuts
 with the underground.
 Oh, yeah.
 Just to see if there are any notable written about stories.
 And there's a great one for the opening of the Circle Line,
 which was in 1884.
 And this was the review from the Times newspaper, which
 said, "A form of mild torture, which no person would undergo
 if he could conveniently help it."
 [LAUGHTER]
 Or a separate review for--
 When the chew first opened, there
 was a guy who'd spent a lot of time in Kenya
 rode on it.
 And he described that the smell was being like a crocodile's breath.
 Yeah.
 That's a terrible smell.
 Well, presumably, I don't know.
 It's kind of nice for people to experience.
 You would never going to meet a crocodile in real life.
 You just go on the chew.
 Turn it into a positive, yeah.
 A crocodile's breath after it's just eaten a pig.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I like so how frightened people are of new inventions.
 And always have been in history and how totally mental
 it seems to us now.
 Like, the obvious fear of one heart of trains, didn't they?
 So I think when Stevenson was trying
 to encourage investment in his whole railway idea,
 then the parliament, a lot of MPs, were really, really
 against it.
 And it was thought that he-- so he intended for trains
 to be going between 12 and 15 miles an hour.
 And he was advised beforehand, definitely not
 to claim in the House of Commons that they would go above 9.
 Because that were totally free people out there.
 And then one of the-- so one of the MPs asks him in parliament--
 suppose one of these engines to be going along at a rate of 9
 or 10 miles an hour, and a cow were to strip on the line,
 would that not be a very awkward circumstance?
 And he just-- he just said, yes, very awkward for the cow.
 And that was it.
 Good-- good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good.
 I also like-- this is my final invention thing.
 I like that people were really frightened of bicycles,
 quite anti-bicycles, when they first came in from the 1860s,
 onwards, I guess.
 And doctors warned about things like bicycle hernia, bicycle--
 bicycle cyclist neurosis, cyclist sore throat,
 and bicycle face.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So I mean, someone on a bicycle rides into your face.
 You would have thought, but actually it
 meant that you're going to have such a constant look of stress
 on your face from having to balance your bike
 that it's going to get stuck like that.
 And you're going to be permanently twisted.
 Like getting square eyes from watching--
 Exactly.
 And just going back to Bumper Harris.
 So it was slightly controversial when we first
 read about this quite a few years ago.
 Matt Coward, who's one of the QI researchers,
 reckons that it might be a myth,
 because he couldn't find any evidence,
 contempt-porious news reports mentioned in Bumper Harris.
 Yeah.
 So I think there are news reports from the time,
 but they don't give evidence as to who he was
 where you could find him.
 They don't have evidence from the transport.
 Because you would think that it would be the kind of thing
 they would mention.
 They would have recorded.
 Well, yeah, I feel like we disagree on this,
 but maybe I like to believe in room.
 So it was recorded from the early 1920s.
 And there is a guy who says that he's Bumper Harris's
 great grandson, who's called Aaron, who can give, like,
 who gives anecdotal evidence about how he apparently retired.
 So he says he eventually retired to make cider violins
 and become a watercolour artist.
 So with that kind of personal detail, James,
 I don't know how you can thwart this story.
 I would love to know if anyone, like, listening
 by any chance knows anyone who claims to be related
 to Bumper Harris, I would love to know if it is true.
 Yeah.
 So get in touch.
 OK, that's it for another episode.
 That's all our facts.
 Thanks so much for listening.
 If you want to get in contact with any of us
 about what we've said, you can get us on Twitter.
 I'm on @SriberlandJames.
 I am @XshapedAlex.
 I'm @Xpert on this one.
 And Anna's still not on Twitter, but we almost,
 we almost made her buckle last week.
 But in the meantime, you can get her on @Quickipedia.
 Otherwise, you can check out the incredible page
 that she and Alex put together on the QI website,
 called qi.com/podcast, in which we're
 going to have videos of men punching boys on TravelAiders.
 We're going to have all sorts of other pictures and links
 to the stories that we were talking about.
 So please tune in again next week and tell your friends.
 All right, bye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
