 Hi guys, before we start this week's episode of Fish we have a few exciting
 announcements to make. Announcement number one is that we, no such thing as a fish,
 are going on tour. We are going to be going around Scotland. We've got four
 dates in Scotland at the end of August and start of September. We're going to
 Cardiff. We're also playing a gig in London. Now the London gig is sold out in
 the room but it's also streaming online. So effectively if you live anywhere in
 the world and you're listening to this, you can access a fish gig, especially if
 you live in Scotland, to a certain extent if you live in Cardiff and also if you
 live anywhere else. You can get a ticket by going to nosuchthingasafish.com/live.
 All the information is up there. Yes it is. Information item number two is, if
 anything, even more exciting than that because chief gnome, our big boss, the
 man who created us in our current form, Mr John Lloyd, all-round comedy legend. He
 also has a live show. That is going to the Edinburgh Festival and it looks to be
 absolutely fantastic. It's called Do You Know Who I Am? If you don't know who
 John Lloyd is then I don't know where you've been but he is the man behind all
 the great comedies really of the 80s and 90s from Black Hatter, Spitting Image, The
 News Quiz, Not the Nine O'Clock News, QI obviously. Episode 17 of No Such Thing as
 a Fish. I think that's the one he's most proud of yes. So the show format is
 you go, you ask him absolutely anything you want to ask him from the meaning of
 life to his fingernail cutting regimen. So go to the Edinburgh Fringe website and
 check out how to get tickets for that. It's on from the 5th to the 15th of August.
 And the final bit of information is that we have a special guest today on No Such
 Thing as a Fish. The guest is a really exciting person. He is none other than
 Malcolm Gladwell. We're sure you've heard of Malcolm and if not maybe you've
 heard of the Time 100 Most Influential People list which he's been on which
 might well be a first for us. He's a brilliant writer and broadcaster. He's
 written fabulous books like The Tipping Point and Blink. He's got a new book out
 called The Bomber Mafia and if you're a podcast listener which you probably are
 listening to this he also hosts the fabulous revisionist history which
 looks at overlooked and misunderstood things in that classic Gladwellian way.
 This was so much fun to record we really hope you enjoy listening to it.
 Check out Malcolm's other things as above. Okay on with the show. On with the podcast.
 [Music]
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly
 podcast coming to you from the QI offices in Covent Garden. My name is Dan
 Schreiber. I am sitting here with Anna Tyshinski, Andrew Hunter Murray and our
 very special guest it's Malcolm Gladwell and once again we have gathered
 around the microphones with our four favorite facts from the last seven days
 and in no particular order here we go starting with fact number one and that
 is Malcolm. My favorite fact is that no one has any
 clear idea about what growing up with a smartphone does.
 So we I got into this because I was doing an episode of my podcast
 Origins History on what I called Magic Wand Experiments. Okay. Which is the
 experiment you would do if you could wave a magic wand, right?
 Because to spend all laws of nature and yeah practical and ethical.
 So I called up to spend a minute and I said who is a psychologist and I said
 what's your magic wand? And he said oh I want to divide
 let's say a thousand or two thousand children at birth
 and one group, group one gets a blackberry for the first 25 years of
 their life. Actually he wanted to do for the first 50 years
 and group two gets an iPhone. I said well why would you want to do that? And he
 said well because we just don't know why did an iPhone.
 Which I thought I found that just an exception. He was astonishing.
 It wasn't that he was invested in blackberries and has been very disappointed
 there. So all so the blackberry is just your
 phone and email. So we right okay yeah it's clear that
 is doesn't affect your life in any dramatic way, right?
 And the iPhone is all the other stuff. Well if you go through the
 literature he's like you'll discover that there is no consensus or even
 understanding of what all that other stuff
 does to a child. So he gave me an example. I suppose we were all
 six years old and I and we're sitting around a table
 and I or eight years old and I say something deeply offensive to Anna.
 It happens a lot actually. Anna has many options
 but she can express her displeasure directly to me in one form or another.
 Yell at me, cut me down sarcastically, punch me,
 ignore me. All very enticing. You've met Anna before, right?
 I ain't got a sense. And all of these are are deeply
 effective ways of educating me about the consequences of my actions.
 Now, I suppose me and Anna are on our iPhones and I say the exact same thing
 only it's a text. Yes. So the only way Anna can respond now
 is with another text. So she used to have an enormous repertoire of
 potentially powerful and instructive responses to my provocation.
 Now all she has is a text. So let's replace the enormous repertoire of
 powerfully instructive responses over the course of
 25 years just with texts. The question is what happens to Malcolm?
 Does Malcolm do I just become oblivious? Do I just keep
 being offensive? Do I never learn the consequences of my actions?
 If I accompany my text with some really angry emojis, I think it might be him.
 But nothing is as instructive as the things I mentioned.
 Now it may be that it doesn't matter. It also may be that it's hugely consequential.
 We have no idea. Right. When will we find out? Is it going to be like a future
 presidential election where they're simply on their phone texting each other
 for podiums? Like is it going to be decades before
 any kind of research can come out about this? Well, you have to study it.
 It feels like we must know a bit. We've had 10 years.
 Surely there's someone like in text to look into this.
 There's no control. I think that's the no control. Yeah. And that's the problem.
 We do know. So we know some things that are worrisome.
 We know that levels of depression and mental illness are higher among
 adolescents now than they've ever been in measured history.
 So is that coming to do with technology? Maybe we don't know.
 It certainly is a kind of prod to think that this might be
 an important subject. It's terrifying researching this fact.
 It is. It really is. And you know, the most telling thing I suppose
 so far is the response of Silicon Valley and basically all the people at the top
 of tech who now have turned against it and who discouraged their children from
 having screen time. The schools don't have iPads and computers.
 Silicon Valley schools. Yeah, they all, so many of them regret doing what they did.
 I think the guy who invented infinite scroll, Aza Raskin, I think he says he
 regrets it more than anything else in his life. He said it led to dire consequences.
 Right. What did he invent? Sorry?
 The infinite scroll. So before you got,
 he got annoyed when he was about 22 at the fact on Google, you have to click
 next page when you get to the bottom. And he said, wouldn't it be great if you
 could just go on and on? And now he says he understands the importance of that stop.
 I've never considered that that was the, I was thinking when you said he invented it,
 I was thinking what came before infinite scroll and of course that was it.
 Pages. Pages, yeah. Pages, that's all right.
 And I'm now wondering what my all-time record of how many tweets I have scrolled
 through at once is because there must have been a day where I did more than I
 had ever done before. But if I had to click at the end of 10 tweets and make a conscious choice,
 you want to see another 10 of these?
 On his tombstone, that he, you know, let's make scrolling finite again.
 Is he just sick of talking about it? Because I think a lot of these people regret it
 just because everyone keeps requesting interviews about it.
 I spoke to a guy.
 There can't be that many interview requests for the guy who invented infinite scroll.
 No offense to him. I mean, that's clearly a big adventure.
 But I bet it comes up a lot more than it is.
 It's how he's introduced. Does he, I wonder, as he introduced himself,
 like when he meets someone in a coffee shop.
 He keeps talking until he stops.
 No, he is, he compares it to, he says there's a study where people are given bowls of soup
 and told to eat as much as they want. And then some of the bowls refill constantly from underneath.
 And some don't and they have to put refills in. And the people who have the bowls that refill
 constantly, the magic bowls, eat 70% more soup. And they don't even know that they've done it.
 So it's this like really subconscious addictive thing.
 So he says it's like that.
 It's like the fairy tale, you know, with the, with the, we have an info,
 what's that one where you have an infinite number of reach in the bag and has always
 gold coins. That was presented to us as children, as a, as a kind of triumphant story.
 In fact, it's a tragic story.
 Yes, exactly.
 It is, it ruins you.
 This is the fairy tale version of infinite scroll.
 Yeah. That's true.
 Another of those guys, Justin Rosenstein, who helped invent the like button.
 And I only helped invent, I didn't do the sole inventor, but you know, he was part of the team
 in there. He has now turned off all notifications on his phone. Yeah, because when you install the
 new app, it often comes with notifications pre included, doesn't it? And you have to go into
 the settings and then turn it off. And that, yeah, Tim Harford wrote a column recently.
 He changed over his phone at some point and all the notification settings were left on.
 And he got to live as if he had had them on, you know, all the way from buying a phone at the
 first place and just a constant stream of notifications, jingles, bells, whistles, updates.
 Oh, what if every single one is on?
 Every single app on his phone had the notifications now on.
 Yeah.
 And it was a constant noise.
 You know what's really, the other interesting you can do is turn off the color on your phone.
 Have you done this? No.
 Yeah, black and white, yeah.
 Go black and white for a while.
 What?
 Yeah.
 It's a similar kind of detoxing.
 I've tried that.
 Yeah.
 That's great.
 It is. It's very good.
 One thing I used to get, which I don't anymore, is that thing of phantom phone vibration.
 It's like phantom limb pain.
 Yeah, exactly.
 But it's phantom phone.
 Have you never heard this?
 Never heard this. This is the strangest.
 It's really, I haven't.
 Wow, really. You know, you get the buzz. You think, oh, great.
 Finally.
 Someone wants, someone has texted me or needs me in some way.
 And it's turned on every notification on his phone apps and still nothing, just still dead.
 Yeah. No, it is. It's a very strange sensation.
 Well, if it's any consolation to anyone, they've obviously been kind of preliminary studies.
 It's hard to know that much at the moment, but this looked at data from 72,000 people
 between the ages of 10 and 80.
 And it asked them how much time they spent on social media.
 So this was like specifically about if social media makes you unhappy.
 And then it asked how satisfied they were with their lives,
 which I don't know how 10 year olds answered that question, but they did.
 And it basically found that there was a Goldilocks effect.
 So most people, if they're using these things moderately,
 they're using social media moderately, they're pretty much okay.
 People who are using it way, way, way too much, they're at the far end, that end,
 they tend to be, you know, have much more anxiety, more unhappiness.
 But also people who are at the other end, same thing.
 You know, people aren't really using social media at all, like me.
 In fact, that's why I'm so chronically depressed all the time.
 Then they're also more likely to be unhappy, which makes sense.
 If you're in your teenage years, then that's how all your friends are communicating.
 And then you're kind of excluded from it.
 There's a very good Washington Post piece about parents who restrict their kids from having phones.
 And it's a really weird piece because I think it's meant to be about how phones are bad for
 teenagers and it's great to restrict them.
 But all the kids interviewed say, "It's horrible.
 I can't communicate with my friends.
 I don't know what kind of plans they're making.
 There are a lot of conversations at school, which spring from things that I don't know about
 because I'm not on any of the chats."
 I think they're at the same pace.
 I think they were a bit more equivocal.
 They said they could see a couple of advantages to it as well.
 At the end of the piece, it rounded up with one of the girls saying,
 "Yeah, I guess it'll be okay. I won't regret it in the end."
 But you can't do it in isolation.
 Right. So the real question is, if your entire school didn't have a phone,
 your entire friend's circle and your family, how would your life be different?
 Yeah.
 So you can't, but if you're turning these children who don't use their phones into pariahs,
 of course I'm not.
 Yeah, exactly.
 They use their phones.
 I know. Well, we're trapped, aren't we?
 That's why my friend wanted to do this experiment.
 He wanted to take entire towns and make them smartphone-free zones and see what happens.
 That's a fun idea.
 Yeah.
 Okay. If you're listening and you live in a small town or a village
 and you think you'd all be up for it, contact us.
 We'll pass it on to Malcolm.
 We'll pass it on to his friend and we'll get it going.
 Okay. Well, I did find one other thing which I quite like.
 This is about injuries that mobile phone users suffer.
 This is actual measurable physical harm suffered.
 Injuries experienced by mobile phone users due to their phones are sought over the last 20 years.
 Obviously, because 20 years ago,
 people didn't have nearly as many phones.
 But between 1998 and 2017, apparently 76,000 Americans were injured in some way by their phones.
 60% of younger people said they dropped their phone on their own face
 while lying down and looking at it.
 Oh, yeah. That'll happen.
 Yeah. Okay. Two in that.
 Yes, isn't it?
 And the other thing is sometimes children will have a phone dropped on them by their parents.
 You could be injured by that.
 How heavy are these phones?
 Well, I guess the child could be a small child,
 a big old 1980s style car phone.
 Yeah, yeah.
 It's a recipe for disaster.
 Okay, it might be not that.
 Yeah. Yeah.
 But it's, you know, there's peril there.
 Were there injuries in earlier generations from books being dropped on children's heads?
 I mean, I need a control here.
 Printing dresses.
 You know, big fat Grimm's fairy tales.
 Yeah, absolutely.
 Dropped on a three-year-old's head.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two, and that is Andy.
 My fact is that in 1931, the USA launched an aircraft carrier which itself could fly.
 Great stuff.
 Was it transported inside another bigger flying aircraft carrier, aircraft carrier?
 Oh, wow, like a Russian doll.
 Sadly, it was not.
 No, that was a more Soviet thing, the Matroshka aircraft carrier, which did.
 So this was an airship which the U.S. Navy launched in 1931.
 It was called the USS Akron, and it was an airship.
 So that's a ship with a rigid frame, so blimps.
 Like the Hindenburg, if you were picturing it slightly, right?
 Yeah, yeah, it's an airship.
 Sorry, when you went for the description, I was just cutting out the middleman there.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Oh, I should also say where I got the fact.
 I've been listening to a podcast called Black Box Down, which is great.
 It's all about aviation, mishaps, and catastrophes, and everything in between.
 And so the Akron was this airship, and it was enormous, and it launched in 1931,
 crashed in 1933, and the main selling feature of it, the thing that the Navy were interested in,
 was that it was designed to be able to carry small fighter planes.
 There were these planes called sparrow hawks, which were, I think, small,
 I think they were bi-planes, but anyway, it could fit in at least three of them,
 and it was going to be redesigned so it could fit in five.
 And the idea was that the USS Akron would fly overhead, lower a little
 hook from which the fighter plane is dangling, just retract the hook, plane flies off,
 and you know, launches three of these planes, and then they fly back,
 snag onto the hook once again, and are retracted into the belly of the airship.
 Do you think you have to be really good at those fairground games,
 where you hook a duck onto a stick?
 I imagine, yeah, it was quite a precise manoeuvre.
 We did it work.
 So, it worked that it could deploy these planes.
 I think the hook facility did work, but there's a reason we're not using all these now,
 basically, which is that the airships obviously went very far out of fashion.
 This lasted two years before it crashed, and it killed over 70 people,
 including one of the main advocates for airship development and expansion.
 But it was the airship that didn't work.
 We all know the airships had a bit of a rough ride,
 but the actual aircraft carrier element was quite good.
 Yeah, that's what I mean.
 It worked.
 I'm struck by the fact that the chief proponent for airships dies in the destruction of the airship
 as a kind of model for dealing with bad inventors.
 It's the captain goes down with the ship model of us.
 Yeah, it is.
 Yeah, it really was, yeah, yeah.
 But we still make ships after he dies.
 You know, this is a...
 So, imagine, there's a famous Dick Gregory joke.
 I'm now obsessed with Dick Gregory.
 Are you?
 I am.
 He's amazing.
 He's such an extraordinary character.
 He talks about when he was in the army,
 he lost his rifle and they charged him $85.
 He said, "I had no idea they were going to charge me.
 Now I know why the captain goes down with the ship."
 That's great.
 It was like the Segway guy, wasn't it?
 Yeah.
 That's the modern day.
 You know, the guy who invented the Segway went over a cliff on his Segway, didn't he?
 Sorry, I thought...
 Was it the inventor or the head of one of the big Segway companies?
 The head of one of the companies.
 I don't think it was the actual invention.
 Was it not?
 I always thought it was the actual invention.
 God, I was mishearing the word "Segway."
 I really thought you were going to say that we had, you know,
 an inventor of the Segway, the conversational Segway.
 The conversational Segway.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Shakespeare, actually.
 He died halfway through trying to change the topic.
 He was impaled on a tangent.
 So, just one other thing about the acrobat.
 One of the other features it had, and it wasn't unique to it,
 this was actually a thing that had been invented a couple of decades before
 on other airships.
 It had a spy basket.
 I don't know if you guys read about this, but it's an observation basket
 that hangs beneath the body of the airship.
 And the principle was, as you're flying your airship,
 you want to be observing the ground but discreetly.
 Airships are obviously huge.
 So the idea was you'd hide the airship in a cloud,
 lower the spy basket on a cable for several hundred meters in some cases,
 and there is someone sitting in the spy basket who watches the ground,
 can radio back up, tell the airship itself where to go,
 or whether they're nearing the target or whatever.
 Fun.
 And the acrobat had one of these, and it was a disaster.
 It was tested once with sandbags in it instead of a person.
 Oh, yeah.
 But, you know...
 Well, no wonder it was a disaster.
 What can sandbags tell you?
 It was so unstable, this little observation basket,
 that it started swaying in the wind on this great long cable.
 It swayed so much that it swayed up to the equator level
 of the entire airship.
 Oh, my God.
 So, you know, thank God no one was actually in it, because it was...
 Oh, that would be fun.
 That would be like that ride at theme parks or on the boat, on the pirate ship.
 Absolutely, yeah.
 It would have really, really given some of the best time.
 I'm more fascinated that they were hiding in clouds.
 Because what is the speed of a cloud?
 Like, you'd have to maintain the speed, right?
 So you don't pop out on the other side.
 You could also go with the cloud, as in...
 You'd have to, yeah.
 The cloud might not be flying towards your bombing target.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Well, we had the bombs somewhere different today.
 Clouds again, you know.
 It only works in over-cloudy areas, too, right?
 So you're limited to military operations in Northern Europe,
 in, you know, parts of, you know...
 Yeah, yeah.
 Here's the thing, though.
 Manchester, if you really can't do this out in England that much.
 Why not just disguise the blimp as a cloud?
 Why not just put...
 Oh, that's a better idea, yeah.
 Well, it's actually a comfortable world.
 Yeah, it's a comfortable world.
 Candy floss.
 And then there's your fairground ride, as I did.
 It's all... It springs up, speaking of impaling myself on a tangent.
 Why do the internet people call the place
 where they store all your most valuable knowledge and data?
 The cloud.
 Of all of the metaphors, this is the worst.
 You're right.
 Yes.
 A cloud is a flighty thing.
 Planes fly through them all the time.
 Clouds are routinely violated by any other thing in the air.
 They're totally ephemeral.
 They are totally ephemeral.
 That's the thing...
 We're going to call it a cloud.
 They're all around a table.
 They're saying, "What's the metaphor we want?
 For the safe place we put your data?"
 Somebody says...
 A bank?
 No.
 Someone says, "Who now regrets that?"
 Who is now among the group?
 Who's like...
 Yeah.
 God, I called it the cloud.
 He's giving it to you.
 I should have called it the paper bag like I wanted to.
 I'm not involved.
 I mean, it's just unbelievable.
 You're so right.
 They're flimsy.
 They've got negative connotations.
 They're very temporary.
 No one likes them.
 No one.
 Yeah, thank God it's a cloudy day.
 I was looking at military planes, generally,
 and sort of air squadrons.
 And I don't think we've talked about the Soviet night witches
 ever on this show.
 But do you guys know about these?
 They were a all-female air squadron in World War II.
 And they...
 I think it was one woman who, you know,
 sort of pitched to the Soviet government and said,
 "Look, lettuce flies in planes."
 They flew these incredibly light planes.
 So they were made to fly very, very low.
 So it's quite dangerous.
 They were made of just plywood and canvas.
 They had to be so light.
 So they couldn't have any armor.
 They couldn't have any parachutes, anything like that.
 These women literally just took a map and a compass
 up in these planes.
 And the key and the reason they had to be so light
 was because they could stall, I think,
 quite a long way from their target
 and sort of drift close to the target,
 which meant that they were very quiet.
 Wow.
 But what are they...
 Sorry, are they fighter planes?
 Are they bomber planes?
 Bomber planes, yeah.
 Couldn't be a bomber plane if they're incredibly light.
 Yeah, I mean, not letting them have a parachute,
 but they're also...
 You're right.
 They didn't carry bombs, so there was some weight.
 The parachute, I'm afraid,
 is just going to take the side of the edge.
 Very light bombs.
 Could you have one bomb fewer and give me a parachute?
 Would that be...
 Bombs made of feathers.
 And completely harmless bombs, actually.
 Wow.
 I know, they dropped 23,000 tons of bombs in the war.
 Goodness.
 The weird thing is, their name, The Night Witches,
 as far as I can tell, and all the sources,
 even back to the time, say this,
 they were named The Night Witches by the Germans,
 the Naxahexen.
 And apparently, they named them that
 because of the sound they made.
 Because they were so quiet,
 they just sounded whooshing, like a broomstick.
 So apparently, we are to believe
 that they weren't actually called The Night Witches
 because of their gender.
 That's a complete coincidence.
 Isn't that weird?
 Come on, that's like when Jay-Z said,
 in 99 problems that a bitch ain't one,
 was about his dog.
 Like, it's not really with that.
 Did he claim that?
 Well, you know, I got 99 problems with that.
 No, I know the line, but I just haven't heard that.
 He came out and said,
 "No, it's not about women, it's about my dog."
 Yeah, sure, Jay-Z.
 I guess the difference between Jay-Z and the Nazis here
 is that it does make sense
 because the Nazis couldn't see into the plane.
 So how would they have known that there were women flying them?
 The Nazis call them The Night Witches.
 Yeah, they named them the sound they made swooping over.
 And they also must have been so uncomfortable.
 They had to wear men's clothes
 because they didn't have any pilot clothes for women.
 Apparently, they tore up their bedding
 and stuffed it into the shoes they wore
 so they would fit.
 What? Oh, wow.
 Yeah.
 I mean, it's hard enough driving a car in Wellington boots, but...
 Well, firstly, we have to ask about that.
 You know, if you're trying to drive a sensitive instrument
 in not very comfortable shoes,
 I'm surprised they managed to get anything done.
 Yeah, true.
 Anna, when did you last drive your car in Wellies?
 Because I feel like...
 Hi, I love it.
 The one detail in this story that you're drawn to
 is the fact that they didn't have comfortable shoes.
 I would imagine in the list of problems these women have,
 flying over enemy territory,
 blowing the ground in flimsy, canvas airplanes.
 Chances of being killed gruesomely, first problem,
 big shoe, second problem.
 I think I don't actually do understand that
 because you know when you're meant to have a bigger problem,
 but you can only focus on the fact
 you've got a stone in your shoe or something
 and that dominates your attention.
 I'm very familiar with the sense
 of having much bigger problems,
 but actually only able to focus on the fact
 there's one little thing that's wrong
 as a distraction method.
 When I was doing the Bara Mafia, the book that I'm...
 One of the things that I was struck by all over again
 is what these pilots went through in the Second World War
 is just, in retrospect, completely unbelievable.
 What we asked them to do.
 Like...
 What do you mean, the danger or the discomfort?
 But don't just say that.
 You take a 20-year-old kid,
 you put him through X number of months of training,
 you fly him over to, if he's an American,
 fly him over to Europe,
 and he goes on these missions where statistically,
 the chance of you surviving your term, your tour, is zero.
 They know the death rates, right?
 They're...
 And you're up at 20,000 feet where it's freezing cold
 and these planes are not pressurized
 or heated or you're...
 The bombardier is sitting in this little thing
 that's exposed to...
 And German fighters are coming at...
 I mean, it's just like that,
 that they all didn't have PTSD is astonishing to me.
 And then you do a 12-hour whatever mission over Germany.
 You fly back to some freezing cold,
 unheated air base in the South of England.
 You get four hours of sleep and then you do it again.
 And you keep doing it for like...
 I mean, it's just like insane to me that this...
 This is what we...
 I mean, maybe only a 20-year-old would put up with that kind of...
 I mean, that was the reason.
 But planes, the importance that planes had,
 particularly in World War II, it's pretty staggering.
 So at one point during 1939 to 1945,
 ally factories were building 633,000 aircraft in that time.
 So they were pumping them out at 288 aircraft per day.
 And this was a time where they were just trying to work out
 how do we come up with a new kind of plane
 that's going to just be the game changer in this war.
 So in this period as well,
 250 new designs were all tested, built and flown,
 just to see whether or not they could get one over on the enemy.
 And it was one plane in particular,
 which was the P-51 Mustang,
 which was the absolute game changer during war.
 When that was designed and started flying,
 the Americans started flying that in over Germany,
 that was the moment where basically the Germans realized
 they were going to lose the war.
 Göring said himself, he said,
 "When I saw the Mustangs over Berlin, I knew the jig was up."
 He never...
 Göring did not say the phrase, the jig was up.
 He did it.
 He wouldn't have known the phrase, the jig is up.
 He did, he said, "Otto Spaghetti Ol'."
 He really did.
 Have you been going right until he said that?
 He had a quirky turn of phrase.
 Clearly.
 I'm speaking of Göring in World War II.
 He said he's a real great guy.
 Once again, impaling ourselves on a tin.
 He had a quid for every time you'd said that.
 The only person I know about.
 One of the RAF raids in World War II
 was specifically for the intention
 of interrupting one of his speeches.
 So it wasn't necessary to do any bombing or anything.
 This is in 1943,
 and it was a huge speech in Berlin
 to commemorate 10 years of Hitler being in power.
 And Göring was going to make this big keynote speech.
 And the plan was to fly a bunch of mosquitoes
 through the clouds above,
 really, really near to their microphones.
 So that basically, while the speech was being broadcast,
 it would pick up the sound of the RAF
 sort of attacking the city.
 That's kind of genius.
 This is clever, isn't it?
 And it works.
 Mosquitoes, unbelievable planes.
 We should say they were made of plywood,
 and they were made largely by carpenters in England.
 Yeah, yeah.
 That's actually what pissed him off so much.
 When this happened, and they had to cut off his speech,
 because they thought this sounds really bad now.
 He's shouting over invasion.
 You know, he said something like,
 "I can't believe these bloody Brits
 have got seven carpenters,
 and they've pieced these planes together out of some trees,
 and we can't do anything like it."
 But yeah.
 Did he say anything about the jig,
 and where he thought it might be?
 Once again, the jig is up.
 It's like a Scooby-Doo film.
 Stop trying to make the jig work.
 I read this other thing as well,
 just going back to psychology of the pilots
 that were being used.
 There was a series of spy planes.
 This is in the '60s, this is a bit later.
 The Blackbird, which we've spoken about before on the show,
 and the A-12, these were all high-flying spy planes
 that they really, really didn't tell many people about.
 And there's a rumor that went around,
 which quite a few historians have substantiated
 and said was true,
 is that during the interview process,
 they would only hire pilots who were married
 so that they had a reason to come back,
 because they had had a bunch of defectors at this point.
 This is a very positive attitude towards marriage.
 You could have easily spent it the other way.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three,
 and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that there is a marathon in New York
 that takes so long to complete,
 runners can go through up to 20 pairs of shoes
 while they're trying to run it.
 And they're all too big for them, aren't they?
 They are stuffed with anything.
 They're all they could think about, yeah.
 This is an amazing thing, and Malcolm, you're a New Yorker,
 so I wonder if you had ever heard of this.
 I have, I have.
 And you're a runner, aren't you?
 And a runner, so the self-transcendence 3,100-mile race,
 it's a race that goes around a single block in New York.
 So in total, if you ran around this block distance,
 it's 0.54 miles, right?
 Okay.
 But to complete this marathon,
 you need to run around this block 5,649 times.
 You've got 52 days in which to complete it,
 and runners will start at 6 a.m.,
 and they'll run all the way through to midnight.
 They'll do an average of 59 kilometers,
 59 and a half kilometers per day.
 And if you manage to complete
 what is the longest certified marathon in the world,
 you get an amazing prize,
 which is usually either a DVD or a t-shirt.
 Sometimes a small trophy.
 What DVD?
 Depends on the movie.
 Yeah, this is incredible.
 Malcolm, have you ever...
 Been tempted to do that?
 Is that your question?
 Have you been to the route?
 Because it's just one block in New York City.
 It's one block in Queens, I think.
 It is in Queens, yes.
 That's right.
 A lot of strange things happen in Queens.
 Dad, chief among them.
 It's lunacy, let's be clear.
 Even the normal marathon is lunacy.
 Right.
 I've never done a marathon.
 Have you done a marathon before?
 I would never.
 It's nuts.
 I mean, there's no part of it.
 Some random Greek, you know, thousands of years ago,
 completes this distance, dies at the end.
 And then that...
 We've seized on this as the kind of ultimate running experience.
 Every thing about marathoning strikes me.
 I mean, I'm a very, very serious runner.
 I just find it incomprehensible that anyone other than
 a kind of elite runner would ever even attempt it.
 So when you say you're a serious runner,
 do you do short distance sprinting runners?
 Normal, I run, you know, if I race,
 I run 5Ks or 10Ks or miles.
 But the idea of going out there for hours on end,
 inevitably injuring myself while preparing for it,
 and sacrificing huge parts of my life
 so I can go for 20 mile runs on the weekend.
 You know, it's just like...
 Yeah, it's very interesting.
 Because I don't really run very much,
 but I do think of running as a progression towards the marathon,
 which I have stopped at a very early point in,
 as in I don't...
 I'm not making any more progress towards a marathon
 in the distances I run.
 But you think of the marathon as the end goal...
 Sort of, yeah.
 As you know, you do a 5K and then you do a 10K run,
 and then eventually you'll do a marathon.
 Or you run 3,000 miles around a single block.
 It is insane.
 It's not like they shut it...
 Because I've been in New York when there's a marathon on,
 and obviously, like anywhere else,
 they shut the city roads down.
 They have all sorts of people cheering on the sides.
 These people just have to do it every day around New York.
 Is someone checking them?
 I think so, yeah.
 But it's a very low key.
 There's basically a trestle table where the race headquarters is.
 And I think it's just a couple of people.
 I don't know if they check the actual laps,
 or if they're tagged or...
 How long is it last?
 52 days, so yeah, a couple of months.
 So someone has to sit there from 6...
 From 6 in the morning to midnight.
 They're the real hero of the story.
 They're the real hero of the story.
 They feel like 2 days.
 How many pairs of trousers do they get?
 Yeah, yeah.
 I bet they've watched that DVD a bunch in that time, right?
 I find that person more interested in the person doing the running.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Who is this person who can be convinced to take that job?
 This is preposterous.
 You're right.
 interview that guy.
 You're so right.
 Do they ask him whether they're happily married?
 This is an extension of the same...
 Only married men can take this job.
 You want to get away from the family for 52 days?
 It is.
 I think you need to sort of...
 You need an ultra-running CV even to enter the race.
 Really?
 They don't just take any schlub who says...
 Who turns up and says, "I reckon I could do it."
 Because I can easily see if I was ever a good enough runner
 to even consider entering this.
 I can see it getting a bit later.
 You're like, "You miss a day."
 You think, "Oh, I'll catch up later."
 It's fine.
 I've got 50 days to do it.
 How long can it be to just, you know?
 Yeah, yeah.
 My running friends and I have something we call the Kipchogi number.
 Kipchogi being the world's greatest marathon.
 Yeah.
 The Kipchogi number is how long you could run with Kipchogi
 if Kipchogi was running at world record pace.
 Cool.
 Right.
 So everyone in the world has a Kipchogi number.
 Your Kipchogi number may be two feet, right?
 It's always...
 The rule about Kipchogi numbers is they are shorter than you think.
 How lot do you know what your Kipchogi number is?
 My Kipchogi number is...
 If I'm very fit, it's probably 1200 meters.
 That's decent.
 That's pretty good.
 I wish I had written this down related to this.
 So there's the 5K park run, which I think is 5K.
 Park run is about...
 It's a huge thing here.
 Many hundreds of thousands of people have done it now.
 And I think they looked at how many people over 5K
 in the park run at their pace would have beaten Kipchogi
 running his marathon pace.
 So he was running that speed for 26 miles.
 Yeah, exactly.
 And everyone...
 Okay, yeah, yeah.
 And I think it's like fewer than 100 people
 are over that amount, over that distance.
 They're seriously...
 You'd be very good to even keep up with Kipchogi.
 He's good.
 But it's this thing...
 It's not...
 Because I was watching the marathon yesterday
 at the World Championships.
 You see these guys on the television
 and because they're all running at the same pace,
 there's an illusion that they're not running that fast.
 Right, yeah.
 But you have to understand if you actually see them in person,
 it is astonishing.
 So they're running at 445 mile pace for 26 consecutive miles.
 So all this is to say, I don't lack respect for the achievement.
 Yeah.
 I just think trying to do it is for...
 If you're not a professional, it's foolishness.
 I do always find it amazing how many people
 they get to do the marathon each year.
 So many thousands of people who are up for this.
 I know.
 Very difficult.
 Very difficult for you of masochism, yeah.
 And probably not that good for you.
 It's weird.
 Again, it's like...
 You know, I was talking earlier about the Goldilocks,
 like for social media, moderate use is good.
 Similarly, studies seem to show that moderate exercise,
 very good for you, obviously.
 Extreme exercise, like ultramarathon running,
 doesn't seem to be that good for you.
 It doesn't really confirm any more health benefits
 if you're running extremely long distances.
 And people do have these unbelievable hallucinations.
 They often collapse.
 I think there was...
 Is this standard marathons you're talking about?
 Usually more like ultramarathons.
 Ultramarathons, okay, yeah.
 So there was Jasmine Paris, you remember?
 She is a champion fell runner.
 And she...
 Anyway, she won the 2019 Montaigne spy race,
 which is a big up and down kind of mountain ultramarathon.
 And she saw lots of hallucinations and still...
 But still managed to win it
 and was expressing breast milk along the way, I think.
 Really?
 It's 268 miles, and she had a newborn baby.
 Where was the baby?
 As in...
 The baby was being run alongside her by her partner,
 who actually deserves more credit.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 That's amazing.
 We should say about...
 This race is called the...
 What is it called?
 The...
 Self-transcendence.
 Self-transcendence.
 Who does your tip off right there?
 Yeah.
 Don't transcend yourself.
 Don't do it.
 So we should say the guy who...
 Oh, yes.
 It's founded in his name.
 Yeah.
 Sri Chimnai.
 Yeah.
 So he was a...
 He's a guru.
 Guru.
 He's a guru, yeah.
 There are Sri Chimnai races around the world.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, yeah.
 And he was extraordinary.
 Yeah.
 As in...
 You read a bit about his life story.
 So he expressed self-transcendence through fitness.
 And as a result, did all these, you know, amazing feats.
 He lifted extraordinary weights and...
 Plains.
 He lifted planes, supposedly.
 I know.
 I'm slight.
 Yeah, I can see...
 He was the original aircraft carrier.
 He was.
 But his really...
 Like the funniest thing he did was called
 "Lifting Up the World with a Oneness Heart."
 Okay, that's what it was called.
 He went around the world bench pressing significant people.
 Yeah.
 Who've contributed to human history.
 So he lifted 8,000 people around the world.
 He lifted Nelson Mandela.
 Wow.
 Desmond Tutu.
 Billie Jean King.
 And then, I mean, it goes a bit like the list...
 Susan Sarandon.
 Oh, come on.
 That's Eddie Murphy.
 Nickname.
 Eddie Murphy.
 Eddie Murphy.
 Eddie Murphy, Yoko Rono.
 Ravi Shankar.
 Several heads of state.
 Richard Gere.
 Sting.
 Jesse Jackson.
 He's a wrestler, former wrestler.
 He's a biggie.
 Jeff Goldblum.
 Goldblum got a lift.
 Goldblum got a lift.
 Wow.
 It just feels like a...
 What a weird thing to do.
 What a very strange club of people to get together.
 But one time, he lifted a Republican and a Democrat
 at the same time.
 Oh, really?
 Yeah, just to express peace.
 That is actually...
 Yeah.
 That's cross-party, cross-island politics.
 Where is he from?
 He was from India, I want to say.
 I think he was.
 Yeah.
 He worked for the Indian Consulate, certainly,
 when he was...
 And that's why he moved to America.
 So he moved there in 1964.
 And yeah, he was just an extraordinary, as you say,
 kind of fitness character with a huge fan base.
 Can I just quickly mention, I saw a photo of you,
 a sort of younger college version of you doing a run
 on your blog.
 And you were doing an attempt at the four-minute mile,
 basically.
 Or at least you were running a mile and you got a number.
 That's close to it.
 Yeah, it was high school, early days of high school,
 and it was...
 I was running the 1500 meters, yes.
 But I was nowhere close to a four-minute mile,
 which is a grown-up activity.
 I think I ran a four-oh-something 1500 meters.
 Oh, really?
 Very different.
 But not still, you got four-oh-something.
 Four-oh-five.
 And the 1500 meters.
 Yeah, I was 14.
 Yeah, that's pretty quick.
 I peaked as a runner at 14, which amazes me to this day
 when I think of the idea that there was something
 I could do at 14, which I can't do,
 which I could do better than at any other point in my life.
 Yeah.
 It's kind of strange to think of that.
 If only someone had told you then,
 so you could have appreciated it.
 I'll stop.
 I'll stop, I'll give up.
 Yeah.
 That's right.
 Yeah.
 We've never mentioned Cliff Young.
 Cliff Young?
 Long...
 He must have known Cliff...
 Australian hero, Cliff Young.
 Never heard of him.
 So he ran the Sydney to Melbourne Ultramarathon
 in its inaugural year, which was 1983.
 Sydney to Melbourne.
 Yep, it's 875 kilometers.
 Wow.
 And he ran...
 We traveled that journey and we flew.
 So...
 We did.
 Well, we had to get from one tour date
 to the other quite quickly,
 so it wouldn't have been practical actually for us to run it.
 Otherwise we would have.
 But anyway, so 1983, it's inaugurated.
 The world's top runners go and say they'll try doing this run.
 They've all got the training plan.
 They've tried running those distances before.
 And basically all the pros have established
 that you run 18 hours a day
 and you sleep for six hours a day
 and you'll do it in, I think, five, six, seven days,
 depending on how fast you go.
 And so they all turn up and this guy turns up,
 who's a 61-year-old farmer called Cliff Young,
 and he's wearing his Wellington boots
 and he's wearing like farming overalls.
 And just before he starts,
 he puts on the first ever pair of running shoes he's ever owned.
 And he took out his teeth because...
 Let's stop it.
 They rattled when he ran.
 So it's just so Australian, right?
 (laughter)
 And he put on his hat with the cork hanging down from it.
 And he started...
 No, he started shuffling along incredibly slowly
 and everyone, like, left him in their dusk completely.
 Super slowly.
 But he didn't sleep and he had a different strategy.
 He was a sheep farmer and he had 2,000 acres of land
 and he used to have to run across this land
 for days on end sometimes,
 herding the sheep, chasing the sheep.
 And he thought, "Well, I don't need to sleep
 when I run that three, four days, I don't sleep.
 I'm just going to not sleep."
 And eventually, day two, day three,
 started overtaking them all.
 Are you sure you're not just telling us the hair and the tortoise story?
 This is all feeding a bit east off.
 This is all this whole...
 Cliff Young, the tortoise, the pet tortoise.
 No, it was incredible.
 Where does he win?
 He wins the race.
 What?
 He beats the nearest competitor by 10 hours.
 He's way, way, way ahead, 61 years old.
 And now, everyone does it his way,
 by sort of sleeping maybe one hour a night and shuffling.
 Okay.
 He's like...
 You know what he's like?
 He's like, "Do you remember David Burkhoff?"
 No.
 "Burkhoff" is the Cliff Young of the backstroke.
 Oh, really?
 Oh, yeah.
 You're in the backstroke, you jump off,
 you dive into the water and then you surface
 and you go, "Whoop, whoop, whoop," right?
 Yeah.
 Burkhoff realizes, "Oh, actually,
 it's faster to swim underwater than on top."
 So, Burkhoff starts, drives in and he doesn't surface
 until two-thirds of the way down.
 Yeah, right.
 And he breaks the world record and they eventually ban it.
 Oh, my God, it does feel like cheating.
 He's Cliff Young, though.
 He realizes that there's a flaw in the way people are...
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Hang on, can I just check about David Burkhoff?
 So, you said that was backstroke, right?
 Backstroke.
 So, are you allowed to do another stroke underwater?
 No.
 I could be wrong here.
 I think you do a dolphin kick.
 You do the dolphin kick, yeah.
 And then dolphin kick.
 But you're allowed to be on your front, aren't you?
 But you're allowed to be on your front.
 You're not doing backstroke because you're on your back.
 No, no, backstroke, you start in the water and you go back.
 Yeah.
 Oh, okay, okay.
 So, he just stays underwater doing a dolphin kick.
 Upside down.
 Sorry, I got it, I got it.
 And surfaces later.
 It's called the Burkhoff blast off.
 That's amazing.
 It's not quicker.
 I feel like I'd be really slow at that.
 Why is it quicker?
 I've never understood why it's quicker.
 I don't know anything about swimming.
 Because you can't do it with your arms, can you?
 The up and down maneuvering must take a lot of the speed
 out of your forwards.
 Yeah.
 But it's doing the dolphin kick is faster than doing the backstroke.
 Oh, I see.
 It's the point of the backstroke.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Well, backstroke kicks.
 So, we do the backstroke to move more slowly through the water.
 Is that what we do?
 Well, yeah, it's like butterfly.
 What's the point of that?
 So, he basically made the sport unwatchable
 because you're just watching.
 He did.
 Although, it's very thrilling to see where any surfaces.
 So, you're waiting, it turns it into a suspense film, right?
 So, you watch it and you can't see anything.
 It's just like the service of the water is unruffled.
 We just see these strange things going on.
 All of a sudden, burkoff.
 I could see it.
 I was, as a child, I was obsessed with burkoff.
 He's this really brilliant guy.
 But I just keep thinking he's going to do it again.
 You know what I mean?
 Maybe he's an anesthesiologist and he's going to realize,
 wait a minute, right?
 We don't have to keep them under for five minutes.
 Keep them under for two hours.
 He'll be very burkoff-y.
 He doesn't give your prescription as a doctor
 until you're in the car park going back to your car.
 And then he says, "Take two of these days."
 Don't you want to be inside burkoff's brain?
 Yeah, burkoff's brain.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, it's so funny.
 Here's what I love about burkoff and Cliff Young.
 It is that thousands of people do this thing
 and it never occurs to them to tinker with that particular.
 So, on the ultramarathon,
 they're doing everything in their power
 to compete and train.
 And it never occurs to them, "Oh, what if I just slept?"
 I know. It's amazing, isn't it?
 They're all like in lockstep.
 Do they wake each other up before Cliff Young came along
 and is like, "Ready to go now?"
 Like, "You're in a race?"
 In a race, yeah.
 It just seems crazy.
 I know. It makes you think how many things
 are we taking for granted
 where we could be smashing it in life
 because there's an obvious loophole.
 God, what a point.
 What a terrifying point.
 I could be way better at podcasting if I never slept.
 For instance.
 For instance.
 Yeah.
 Maybe. Or worse.
 Tudin next week and find out how Anna's experiment went.
 Okay. It is time for our final fact of the show
 and that is Anna.
 My fact this week is that, given the choice,
 most people would prefer to win $10 million
 rather than $100 billion.
 Right? And so, let's see here, guys.
 I'm going to ask you all.
 Yeah.
 This was a University of Bath research
 and it's published in Nature
 and it asks 8,000 people across 33 countries
 so it's quite comprehensive.
 And basically it said, "Imagine your ideal life
 and then consider how much money you want
 to lead that ideal life.
 And then you've got a lottery that you can enter."
 And you're going to win it.
 You've got a bunch of lotteries
 and you're probably going to win it.
 And you've either got a lottery
 where the jackpot is $10,000.
 So it's all American dollars
 but they adjusted it for currencies in the countries.
 $10,000 and then it increased by multiples of 10.
 So you've got $10,000, $100,000, million, $10 million
 and the highest was $100 billion.
 What would you guys go for?
 $100 billion.
 Okay. You'll just straight up $100 billion.
 Yeah.
 Welcome.
 I totally agree. I $10 million.
 You're going to get $10 million.
 Really?
 There you go.
 The last thing you want to do is win $100 billion.
 That is like a nightmare scenario.
 Why?
 Do you understand what would happen?
 Listen, if I had that money,
 I'd see you if you ever spoke to me like that
 and then that time again.
 Every single part of your life
 gets more complicated by a thousand percent.
 Oh, look at yellow musk.
 He's having a great time.
 Accusing people of things online.
 He can't walk down the street.
 That's true.
 But you can't do that if you're famous regardless.
 He's digging his own tunnel
 so he won't need to go down the street.
 He'll be parachuted through a vacuum tube
 along under the street.
 We can say with 100% certainty
 that you would be profoundly unhappy.
 Okay.
 For a variety of reasons.
 One of the main ones is that the proliferation of decisions
 that you would have to make would overwhelm you.
 So with money, this is the cost of wealth.
 The hidden cost of wealth is that for most people,
 the decision about whether to do an activity
 is whether I can afford it.
 When you have money, all of a sudden,
 cans turn into wants.
 Do I want to do that?
 Do I want to do that is a much more complicated decision.
 Yeah.
 Human take choice.
 It's too much endless choice.
 So you now have every decision in your life
 that used to be a can has now turned into a want.
 So you are paralyzed.
 Right now, you're going to have lunch after this place, right?
 Yeah.
 You're not going to go and have lunch at Claridge's, are you?
 No.
 No.
 Why?
 Well, for a number of reasons.
 But one is you don't want to track all the way over there.
 Two, there's no point to spending 80 pounds on lunch.
 And three, why do you want to hang out with those people?
 Right?
 Those are your reasons.
 Uh-huh.
 Okay.
 I have given you $100 billion.
 I've removed...
 You have a driver now.
 Nothing can you go to Claridge's.
 You can go to the airport and get in your plane and fly to...
 You can have lunch in Paris if you want.
 Do you want to have lunch in Paris?
 Yeah.
 Do you want to?
 It's spiraled out of control.
 And then you got to look...
 Sounds great.
 You're going to have to be really going to struggle to get down
 to give an inch of this.
 Oh, wait a second.
 Are you trying to put me off it?
 It's a nightmare.
 I've picked the most kind of anodyne choice that you would have today,
 where to have lunch.
 And now I've given you an infinite set of options,
 just because you have $100 billion.
 Yeah.
 So you can't even...
 Lunch has now become a cognitive burden of the size.
 No, but we even talked...
 There's a million other things that are going to happen today
 that we've even talked about.
 For every single one of them has now been multiplied times thousands.
 But I just want to use it specifically for eBay auctions,
 where I can just make sure I set the limit at $100 billion
 and never lose my auction.
 The size of the Dick Gregory memorabilia market
 is going to go wildly out of proportion.
 If you collect...
 Say, do you like to collect things?
 Yes, I do.
 Okay, okay.
 I have now removed 100% of the joy of collecting things.
 There's no longer any constraint.
 That's a really good point.
 You no longer have to make any decision.
 You can just buy everything.
 Yeah.
 Oh my God, you wouldn't treasure any of all that crap you have
 that no sane person would treasure anyway.
 You wouldn't because you could buy infinite quantities of it.
 You could do five things.
 It is really interesting.
 What would you do, Andy, sorry, since we got the others?
 Can I split the difference again?
 $100 million.
 That's very unusual.
 So interestingly in this study, it really peaks at $10 million.
 So most people ask for $10 million or below.
 There are some countries like, I think, Russia and India
 where the majority choose $1 million or less.
 But I was looking at the graph and it peaks at $10 million.
 And then there are quite a lot of people
 who still choose $100 billion, although not majority.
 So it ranges between 8% of people in China
 to 39% of people in Indonesia choose $100 billion.
 But between $10 million and $100 billion, it's hardly anyone.
 I guess because $10 million seems to me like Malcolm saying,
 like a kind of reasonable amount where you could live a really nice life.
 You have an incredible house and travel and see the world.
 Whereas actually $100 million is a life deforming,
 like a substantially deforming amount of money.
 You lose all of your friends at $100 million too.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Every relationship you have.
 This is, once again, is this appeals?
 Down is unphased by us.
 I'm trying to get out of this hell hole.
 I'm a feature, not a bug.
 What would I do, by the way?
 What would you do?
 What would you do?
 Well, what I find is always difficult with these
 is that the temptation is to say,
 "I'll have it all so that you can just give it all away."
 But then that's quite an arrogant, probably Western thing
 to think that I know better where to give money than governments
 or Bill Gates or whatever.
 But I'd be tempted to do that.
 I would spend all the money traveling the world
 lifting people I chose to be significant.
 That's what I would do.
 Because with $100 million, you can lift anyone in the world.
 Yeah.
 Well, you mean just pick at your special.
 I'm going to turn you into the president of East Timor or something.
 No, I mean literally, like Street Chimnoi.
 I just travel around the world.
 Just lifting people up.
 You're just picking people up.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 That trippied act.
 Right.
 That's Street Chimnoi tribute.
 Do 8001.
 Yeah, yeah.
 It's lots of studies about the psychology of wealth.
 So one of them, which I quite liked,
 is would you go public if you won the lottery?
 Yeah.
 And again, I think I know what you're going to say, Malcolm.
 Disaster.
 Yeah, disaster.
 Absolutely.
 Well, public opinion is definitely in chime of that.
 Only 2% of people say they would make public the fact they'd won.
 But he invariably, here's the problem.
 You can't not go public because every one of your choices
 is conspicuous at a hundred million, right?
 So something would be idling downstairs, right, with a driver.
 You're not taking the two with a hundred billion.
 This is driving me nuts.
 You're not confronted the lunacy of your position yet.
 You're not even here.
 Wait, let me ask you a question.
 Are you enjoying this right now?
 I love this.
 Yeah.
 You enjoy your job.
 Yeah.
 And you enjoy this afternoon.
 This taping session.
 Yeah, yeah.
 I mean, this bit's going to give it a test.
 Yeah.
 And have you enjoyed a cup of coffee?
 I did, is it?
 All of that's gone.
 What are you doing?
 You have a hundred billion dollars.
 You don't do this job anymore.
 What am I doing?
 What am I doing?
 Well--
 Dan is going to be in the--
 Dan is in the 59--
 59% of people, right?
 2% said they'd go public.
 59% of people said they would remain anonymous
 and not even tell their friends.
 And Dan thinks he's in this group of people who are going
 to turn-- next time I turn off outside Dan's house,
 there's a gold-plated Maserati outside.
 Dan denies anything to do with him.
 I'm just going to saving.
 Yeah, you will.
 I would hire a replacement me to just take over this life.
 Be the Dan Shriver, and I would go be Mr. Billionaire.
 Well, we should definitely do that.
 Yeah.
 Sorry.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 We've neglected the single biggest drawback
 to having a hundred billion.
 And that is you have to hang out without a billionaires.
 Oh, my god.
 There's no way you have to do that.
 No, that's true.
 That's true.
 That is a nightmare.
 That is a nightmare.
 They're the only ones who understand you, I suppose.
 So, yeah.
 There's one county--
 I believe it's in Wyoming or Montana,
 which has more billionaires than any other--
 Oh, wow.
 --where they all live.
 OK.
 And they all have their personal offices there,
 which are their charities.
 No one else is going to afford to live there.
 They priced out everyone who serves the billionaire.
 So everyone who has to serve the billionaire
 has to drive like massive distances from one county.
 And they all have these charitable offices.
 But of course, who are you spending your charitable dollars on
 if there's only billionaires in this?
 Yeah.
 Right?
 It's this sort of endless--
 and it's this absurd existence that they live in this one.
 That's where you get it.
 That's where we'll find you.
 This is another UGov survey, which tests a famous rap lyric.
 Do you think it is or is not true that the more money you have,
 the more problems you have?
 12% said it is true that more money, more problems.
 That's not--
 60% said it's false that more money, more problems.
 What's U-shaped?
 It's not a linear relationship.
 It's a U-shaped relationship, sorry.
 It's the Goldilocks thing.
 Studies tend to show, don't they,
 that after a certain amount of wealth,
 then your happiness starts to decline again?
 I think the global average is--
 it's about 70,000 US dollars for emotional well-being.
 And then it's 95 for--
 Sorry, is that income or wealth or is this--
 It's income, sorry.
 So pay your salary, yes.
 But in terms of life satisfaction or life evaluation,
 it's about 95.
 So people feel prouder, I suppose,
 if they earn a little bit more, even though they'll
 be happy day to day with a bit less.
 So what do you want?
 Do you want to be proud of how much you earn?
 Or do you want to live a nice life?
 But either way, it's not very bad.
 I know what dad's going to ask for every single time.
 For the list of cockroaches that's staring me down,
 waited for my answer.
 Poor misguided fool.
 There was a really fun study done by a guy called Paul Piff,
 who looks into the effects of wealth on people
 and looks into how it actually kind of makes
 us meaner if we get richer.
 He sent researchers to hide in a bush in California
 and look at cars that went by and then judge
 how expensive they are.
 And then there's a researcher further up the road,
 I think, who is just crossing, is ever crossing back and forth.
 And in California, you legally have
 to stop for people to cross, is ever crossing, like here.
 And he clocks the types of car and then
 whether they stopped for the pedestrians.
 And in the cheapest category of car,
 every single car stopped to let the pedestrians across,
 as you're supposed to do.
 In the most expensive category of car,
 how many would you think would stop
 and how many would drive past?
 How many would stop out of the most expensive category?
 60%.
 60%.
 Do you-- you're close.
 It was 50/50.
 50% of the most expensive cars.
 Just drive-- just break the law and drive
 straight over the zebra crossing and don't let
 the person cross the road.
 That's you, Dan.
 We now know who's in that car, yeah?
 I don't drive, so.
 In your fancy car.
 You'll have a world with your chauffeur
 about that on the train.
 Mow him down.
 Can I give you one more survey about how people react to wealth?
 I really like this one because it's a great question to ask.
 If you accidentally paid 300 times more
 than your monthly salary, what would you be most likely to do?
 Say something and return the money.
 Say nothing but return the money if asked.
 Try and immediately spend or move the money.
 But stay in your job.
 Or take the money and leave your job.
 So I mean, open season.
 Well, they're going to find out.
 They're going to find out, and then they're
 going to ask you to repay the money in three years' time
 when you've spent all the money.
 And that's the worst of all worlds.
 I'll give you the stats.
 It's amazing.
 62% of people said they'd say something and return the money.
 20% of people said they'd say nothing but return the money
 if asked.
 And then we get to the real optimists.
 3% of people would take the money and leave the job.
 They said they would try and do that.
 2% of people said they would take the money,
 try and immediately spend or move it,
 and also keep their job, which I just find so optimistic.
 2% of people think they would get away with that.
 That's nice rosy thinking.
 The worst spy in American history
 was Aldrich Ames, CIA agent, intelligence officer who
 gave away the store to the Soviets, everything.
 So all we need to say worst spy, you mean most effective?
 I did the most damage to American interests.
 Who was paid all this money.
 He worked for the Soviets for like 10 years.
 He's paid all this money, and he starts to live it up.
 And all of his colleagues know how much he makes.
 And he starts showing up.
 He buys a Jaguar, and his wife has a main code,
 and he has his fancy house, and he goes and he's like--
 and no one-- no one said it.
 No one-- it didn't click.
 But they're spies.
 He's option four, in other words.
 He's keep-- spend the money, keep the job.
 Somehow he thinks that-- and he was right.
 No one noticed.
 He gets caught in the end for some other complicated reason.
 But the idea that he's like, it's growing around 20s.
 Wow.
 That's so funny.
 Incredible.
 And no one notices for years.
 It gets ever more extravagant.
 He's the only one in the parking lot of the CIA.
 No one has a Jaguar.
 They're government employees.
 Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's the funniest thing.
 He started wearing his fancy European suits,
 and like, it's the most hilarious story.
 It's a really glistens plate on his car.
 He trips into Russia accidentally all the time.
 His colleagues just going, I must get better at saving.
 I don't understand.
 OK, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we've said over the course
 of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland.
 Andy.
 @AndrewHunterM.
 Malcolm, are you on social media?
 I am.
 I'm-- what am I?
 I think I'm @Gladwell, probably.
 @Gladwell, probably.
 And, Adam, we've already established
 that you don't even know what it is.
 No, but I'm probably with email.
 You can email podcast@QI.com.
 Yep, where you can go to our group account, which
 is @NoSuchThing or our website, NoSuchThing,
 as of fish.com.
 Check out all of our previous episodes.
 They are up there to be listened to.
 We'll be back again next week with another episode.
 We'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
