 Hi everyone, welcome to this week's episode of No Such Things as a Fish, where we were
 joined at the Soho Theatre in London by the incredible Kariad Lloyd. Now if you are a regular
 listener to No Such Things as a Fish, you will know of course who Kariad is. She's a very good
 friend of ours, she's a comedian, she's an actor, she's a podcaster, she's just an all-round genius,
 let's be honest. She has a book out which you definitely should check out, it's called You Are
 Not Alone, it's about death but that sounds like it's going to be depressing but it really isn't,
 it's extremely uplifting that book and there's loads of facts in there as well, it's definitely one
 that I think you'll really, really enjoy. And the other thing to say is that Kariad does an
 improvised show called Ostentatious. Now this is a really amazing show, what happens is you turn up,
 someone in the audience gives them a hitherto lost, let's say, Jane Austen play title that they've
 made up, the guys have never heard it before and they do an entire Jane Austen play completely
 improvised. It is absolutely stunningly brilliant, if you haven't seen it you can't miss it, if you
 have seen it go again because it's different every single night and they are about to do
 another run at London's West End at the Arts Theatre. Now the best way to find out about those
 tickets is to go to ostentatiousimpro.com that's A-U-S-T-E-N-T-A-T-I-O-U-S-I-M-P-R-O.com
 but let's be honest, who types in URLs these days? Just go to a search engine, search for
 ostentatious and you will find all the information there. Anyway really hope you enjoy this week's
 show with Kariad Lloyd, all that's left to say is on with the podcast!
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast this week
 coming to you live from the Soho Theatre in London!
 My name is Dan Schreiber, I am sitting here with James Harkin, Andrew Hunter Murray and
 Kariad Lloyd and once again we have gathered round the microphones with our four favourite facts
 from the last seven days and in no particular order here we go starting with fact number one
 and that is Andy. My fact is that the maximum PDF file you can send is bigger than Belgium.
 Can we replace Belgium? Just with a PDF?
 Of Belgium, yes you can! Okay in fact it's bigger than that, okay right, the maximum
 PDF size you can send is the square with size that are 381 kilometres long, that is bigger than
 Belgium, Monaco, San Marino, Liechtenstein, Malta, Andorra, Luxembourg, Montenegro, Slovenia, Albania
 and Moldova combined. It is huge! It's mega! Has anyone sent something that big?
 Unclear! So I worked out that if you wanted to print it out on A4 paper it would take 2.3 trillion
 pieces and if I did it on my printer at home I could have started it off at the time when the
 first human fossils were appearing in the fossil records and it would be just about finishing now.
 No! Subject to jams and cartridge replacements, that's brilliant, that's so good, I should say
 where I got this from, I saw a guy called Steve Bobrick put it up on Twitter and basically
 we should say this appears to only be an adobe acrobat limit. Damn them controlling us as always!
 Theoretically there could be a bigger PDF out there. So this is what in the adobe rules it says
 that this is the maximum you're allowed or something. Yeah it's the adobe acrobat, it's 15
 million inches by 15 million inches. It's just the rules, it's not even... No it's their internal
 limit but the file format itself might not be bound by the adobe. They would probably just have
 to click and write 25 million and maybe we'd be able to get even bigger. Maybe, maybe, but I don't
 think anyone's ever actually sent one that's this big. No, why would you? Why would he be insane?
 Is that an email attachment or are we talking we transfer here? Oh I think that's a dropbox,
 I don't think you can we transfer that. So PDFs, pretty dry, pretty dry. It's amazing when we send
 each other our facts round and we have to then go and research them of course and Andy sent us
 the PDF and said maybe it's the most boring fact you've ever sent. Yeah and James said it's not
 even close, not even top ten. But I mean we can get on to more general stuff but I do just want to
 say that adobe, you know adobe acrobat the program that do the PDFs is named after some mud. Named
 after some mud. Adobe it's a building material isn't it? It is. You make it half like poo and wool
 I think. Here is mud. James don't attempt poo and wool and be like this is it we can make a house.
 That's the worst three little pigs ever isn't it? And the fourth little pig made his house out of
 poo and wool. And the wolf said I'm all right actually because you guys you stay in there it's
 fine. I should just explain the mud thing sorry I want to call it a year. Because otherwise I could
 feel the tension in the room. Or they were waiting they were just desperate to know. When is he going to explain about the mud?
 The founder of adobe, I'm sorry. You thought you cut to live podcast this is a conference for adobe
 and this is how they get their employees in. It's there's a creek which goes past the home
 of the founder who's called John Warnock and it has this it has this mud in it it's this very malleable
 clay. I did go on a little wild goose chase trying to find out who the original adobe acrobat actually
 was. There wasn't one that wasn't right. That would make it an interesting story. Okay and so he named it after
 the some mud some mud by the yeah exactly yeah but it's malleable but pdf's are famously inflexible
 you're right completely untangible. Are you just like I'm just sending you paper like why did he
 think oh yeah this clay this reminds me of mine. An acrobat's so flexible as well. Yeah everything
 is completely wide open. The rules the idea that this is what they would say this is the limits
 to what you have. I find it kind of funny when there are computer rules that just are just so
 makeshift and and sort of seemingly why would you ever say that out loud. Apple three I don't know if
 anyone is old enough to remember Apple three but so it was their third. No wait Apple three was the third.
 What this is crazy. So yeah it was a it was a hard drive basically that suffered because
 there was no fan on it and Steve Jobs had this thing where he just hated the sound of fans
 and so he was like let's not include yeah and so it overheated all the time and when it overheated
 it meant that any disk going in would suddenly just melt and so you're pulling out the hard drive
 disk and so yeah so it was a big big problem and one of the employees of Apple was so angry with
 it that he slammed it down out of frustration onto his desk and discovered that that made it work
 again so if you called up Apple saying it does not work their official line was lift it up lift
 the computer up by two inches and just drop it on the table and that's what fixed it that was the
 official line that came from them. Percussive maintenance they call that don't they. What's
 that. Just whacking something and hope it works. Oh yeah right yeah yeah. I don't I don't think
 we've mentioned this before we might have done. Do you know what the longest a computer has been
 left running is or the longest running computer ever. I haven't turned my laptop off since 2016.
 Period seven years. You don't need to just rest it's asleep then it wakes up again. Yeah yeah
 nothing works. Do you mean not even closing the lid. I reckon this one might not even have a lid.
 Whoa. Right. James is right. I didn't and I was about to say the longest like the running computer
 on earth but then I didn't say that. Clue. So it's not an earth. That's right. Great.
 Is it in a spaceship. It's in a spaceship. Right. It's the Voyager ones. Voyager ones which
 have been on since more than 40 years now. The 70s I guess. Yeah since the 70s. And they're still
 working. They're still working. It's a pair of link computers on board Voyager which just sent
 towards the edge of the solar system and it's still going. Each one has 70 kilobytes of memory.
 I mean they're really tiny. Are they like 1970s computers though? They're like old school. They're
 not huge. They're not room sized. They're much smaller than that. If they start working they'll
 slam them into Pluto aren't they. They've got a big monitor and you have to run like CS DOS on it.
 I know some things about computers. They had this really big problem in 2015 because the
 last of the original programmers was a guy called Larry Zottarelli and he retired
 and they were stuffed because it was like you need to learn ancient cuneiform of computer
 languages. Right. To get it. To get this. Like no one is teaching these computer languages. He's
 still alive. You're not dead. Just call him up. He's retired. He's old. He's retired. He doesn't
 want to be. Get him to write out a handover sheet. People know. I'm sure NASA know about. He's like
 no I'm done. That's it. You've had my time. It's hard. It's hard to learn the systems required. No. Okay.
 Yeah. All right. There was a computer that analyzed 4000 computer science papers
 and it came up with what they call the best computer scientists in the world.
 They describe him as the Michael Jordan of computer science. Do you know who it is?
 No. It's Michael Jordan.
 Is it someone with the same name or is it the answer? Okay. The Michael Jordan of computer
 science is Michael Jordan. Call your kids Michael Jordan. That's clear. It's nominative determinism.
 Just Michael Jordan. That's really fun. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Do they refer to Michael Jordan
 as the Michael Jordan of basketball? Have you had a Fernando Corbato?
 I can't tell until you pronounce it properly. I want to be the Fernando Corbato of something.
 Yeah. Well, he was. He was the Fernando Corbato of. He died in 2019. He was 93 years old and he
 invented something we all have. Oh, and we've got loads of them. Oh, personalities. Daddy issues.
 Nudge yourself closer to the topic at hand. I'll go for transistors. No? Passwords.
 Oh, did he? The man who invented the computer password. Always his mother's maiden name.
 Michael Jordan. Michael Jordan. But with the numbers changed for the letters. Yeah. I think it was
 the 50s that he invented it and it was because most computers worked on one thing at a time because
 they were the size of rooms and they were, you know, they had processing power but not much and
 he was trying to work out a way like a timeshare system so lots of people could work on the
 same computer different tasks, you know. And so he just reasoned that that's the best way of hiding
 your files from each other inside the computer. Wow. And I've entered that. Yeah. In 2003.
 That is, you're right. It was a sexy fact. But the thing is we don't whistle at facts anymore.
 Well, wait, I mean. It's just, it's not okay. I'm sorry. I don't want to be a downer.
 Actually, Cariad, it made me feel empowered. There's always one working against the movement.
 What can I say? In 2003, a survey found that 90% of office workers passing through Waterloo
 Station would give away their computer password in exchange for a biro. Just a biro? Not even a
 chocolate? Well, another one. Another survey in 2003 found that 70% of people would do it in exchange
 for some chocolate. 100%. 34% of people just gave their password without even needing the bribe.
 So what's your password? They just told them. That's so good. That was in the past when you
 you only needed like four, right? Yeah. There's no way you can even remember them. Yeah. That's
 amazing. I got a quick story about a Microsoft laptop that there was a mystery. It kept crashing.
 This is 2005. So the culprit of the problem was Janet Jackson.
 Is it the real Janet Jackson? The real Janet Jackson. And it was her song Rhythm Nation.
 And what it was is that the frequency of it was at such the same level of which the disk was spinning
 that it would send the disk into a wobble and it would crash. And even if Rhythm Nation was playing
 from one laptop but being heard by another laptop, that would crash as well. Like Dogwist or just
 be like, is it me? Yeah, yeah, exactly. So it was, yeah. So Janet Jackson was responsible for a
 whole software update or whatever of a Microsoft laptop. She's constantly innovating. She is.
 You, do you know the, you won't know this, but can you guess the picture? What is it? What is it?
 We need more. We need more. That was almost a sentence, but not quite. Sorry, sorry, sorry.
 So the picture, which has the most pixels in it. So the image that has the most pixels in the world
 has 102 terapixels. Okay. Security, security. No, no, come on now. It feels nice, doesn't it?
 No, no, that did not feel nice. That was, that fact was just minding its own business.
 Okay, get ready to whistle. Can you guess what the picture is of? Belgium.
 Is it like Tetris, just to give you a t-shirt? Or is it like very pixelated?
 No, it's, it's pixelated in the fact that it has a lot of pixels in it. It's not like,
 oh, okay, okay. But basically, if you made it really small, it would be really clear. That's
 the point. I'll say a big telescope thing like the universe. Mona Lisa. Oh gosh, no, it is the world's
 biggest penis. Wow. Well, welcome to the whistle. This is your perfect partner. Wait, do you mean
 it's the world's biggest picture of a penis or the world's biggest penis? Clarify, we need that.
 It's a picture of a normal sized penis, but it's the world's biggest image. And what's a normal size
 penis? Just asking for a friend. So many issues. If they, if they made each pixel one inch. That's
 not a normal sized penis. That also wasn't really an inch, but we'll not go into that. If you made
 each pixel an inch, it would wrap around the earth 2.7 times this image. And if you,
 if you are printed it out to the same specs as a billboard, it would be as tall as 16,408
 Empire State buildings. And if you 3D printed that, you would be able to poke the International
 Space Station. And you need permission before you do that. Okay. It was invented by a former NASA
 intern who does not wish to be identified. We need to move on to our next act, guys. It is time for
 fact number two. And that is Kariat. During the 17th century, when you died, your relatives were
 legally forced to bury you wearing wool, whether you liked it or not. And there was for no other
 reason than to support the ailing wool industry. I love this fact. Okay. So basically there was
 an act by parliament in 1666 that overnight said everybody has to be buried in wool. And it sounds
 like, oh, okay. But previously to that, nobody was buried in wool ever. Ever. That was like an
 unusual thing to happen. You were buried in a linen shroud like Jesus in the Bible. And no coffin,
 no coffin, right? Sometimes they did have coffins. Sometimes they had coffins. It was unusual.
 But it was very unusual. You would mostly be wrapped in a shroud and just shoved in the earth.
 And because the wool industry was so important, and they were so worried about linen coming from
 France, basically, classic fucking French linen coming over here taking our coffins. The government
 basically said, I know. It was your GB news show coming on. Listen, the British wool. I am sweating,
 but I am British. So many people employed in the wool industry, 12% of the population worked in
 the wool industry. And it brought in a huge amount of money. So they said, well, we'll just make it
 a law that you have to be buried in a wool suit in a coffin lined with wool. And if you weren't,
 you will find five pounds, which is the equivalent of 550 pounds today. So basically,
 initially, everyone was like, no, fuck you. Where are we going to get this from? No one has
 this. We have a history of this. And the linens they used to wrap them in would be your family
 linen. So you would have something that has been like a tablecloth, and you would keep it all night,
 and then you would sew them together. The women would sew it together and wrap everybody up.
 So it's like a very nice thing. And so people weren't following the law. So then they made it
 that you had to go to the keeper of the peace. Two members of your family had to sign an affidavit
 saying, we have done this, otherwise you'd be fine. So you had to go to the church and swear,
 like based on the Bible, we buried them in wool, sorry. Yeah, there was an oath you had to read,
 right? Yeah, a special oath, which I've got here saying, no corpse or any person, except any person
 that shall die of the plague. Fuck them. That's because they thought it lived on in the wool.
 Shall be buried in any shift sheet or shroud or anything whatsoever made or mingled with flax,
 hemp, silk, hair, gold, or silver in any stuff or thing other than what is made of sheep's wool
 only. That's a name how to say that. But the fine that you mentioned, the five pound fine,
 if you grasped someone up as being buried in non-wool, then you could get half of the five
 pounds. Yeah. And this is the really clever thing. If you had buried your relative in Lennon and you
 knew that you were likely to be caught anyway, you could go and grasp up on your own relative,
 get a half the fine, back into the family, you've only paid half the fine. Did they do that? Yeah,
 they did. So rich people did that. So some people who like, there were certain areas where it was
 very much didn't, they didn't approve of it. And so rich people would be like, well fuck you. Well,
 you said that like one of the rules was you couldn't bury in gold. Yeah. So I think if you're
 burying someone in gold, probably you can afford the five pounds. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Exactly.
 So there was a study that was done between 1678 and 1707, less than one percent, and this was in
 Henstridge. Yes. Less than one percent of burials in the churchyard were in Lennon, so following this
 rule. But then when you went inside the church itself, it was between nine and 13 percent that
 were then rich people in the church. Yeah, yeah, exactly. One interesting part of this is that,
 okay, so you started to have loads more extra linen and extra cloth around because you were
 using the wool for the burials. And newspapers were made out of recycled cloth. So that's why
 you call that a rag now, because they used to use the rags, turn into newspaper and then make
 newspapers. And so they had all of these extra bits of linen, which meant they could make more
 newspapers. And there was a huge boom of newspapers around that time. And this sort of fed into that.
 They were pleased about it. Everyone else was pissed off. And there's an amazing, have you
 heard of Deca Mittford? And I've talked to you guys about her before. Yeah, one of the Jessica
 Mittford sisters who were like these socialite 20th century British figures who were involved in
 every single thing that happened. She went to America, she was a communist, she went to America,
 kind of disowned her family. In the 60s, she wrote this book called An American Way of Death.
 Okay. It was like, it's very odd because she was a British socialite that had like gone to fight
 in Spain and then moved to America. Very unusual story. But the book that she wrote basically
 changed the American funeral industry. Because what was happening was they were just basically
 rinsing people for money. And when someone died, they used to kind of perform plastic surgery on
 them and then barmed them and so make them look, I mean, or she describes like basically nip and
 tuck the tissue across the body with implants, pins and fillers to mask blemishes and swellings
 that come with age and illness before sowing the face into the most attractive and youthful
 expression possible. Sewing it. Teeth were whitened, makeup applied and the corpse was
 dressed in its final outfit. Yes, I would like all of this. There was a special kind of bra
 designed for post-mortem form restoration. I'll pass on that. So she wrote this book exposing...
 Why is Andy in a bra? It was part of the package. She wrote this amazing book that exposed,
 basically they were they were preying on the vulnerable. So these poor people who had no
 money would end up paying like thousands of dollars for what was considered like a proper funeral.
 And her book was like in the bestsellers for years. David Bowie listed it as one of his favorite
 ever books, top 100 books because she changed everything. And they were putting so many chemicals
 in at that time. It was so dangerous. And that's why like funeral makers were dying of cancer from
 inhaling on the formaldehyde. Grim. There's one kind of fun thing they used to do. I bought it
 down. Bring us back to the fun stuff. This is in ancient Roman funerals. You could pay an actor,
 and a lot of people did this, you would pay an actor to dress up and wear a mask as the person
 who died. Yes. And then in the party they'd kind of mingle with everyone. Yes. Pretending that they
 were still alive and like parodying the things that they did. Oh wait, is it... I don't want to
 be parodied, but I would love someone to be doing some of my good stuff. I'd even write some lines
 for them to... I think that's a great idea. Andy at a funeral. I know. Some dude walking around going,
 "Did you know the largest PDF I'm ever..." Thank God, thank God, thank God he died.
 That's amazing. Look, wool. I'm sorry, bring me back to wool. We went after death.
 Wool is an amazing material. It's like a super substance that I had no idea about. Have you
 not heard of wool before now? I didn't know how good wool was basically. So it's covered in scales.
 If you look, if you zoom in, you look at it with the microscope, it's covered in scales. So liquid
 water slides off the outside, right? So it's very hydrophobic, I guess, so it's good at protecting
 you from water, but it not absorbs, it adsorbs water easily, right? So if you have water vapor
 in here, it kind of makes its way into the wool, like underneath the scales. So once the water
 gets in, that keeps you nicely cool, for example. Wait, so sorry, it's pushing off water. It pushes
 off liquid water, but it takes in water vapor, okay? So you try to wear a wool jumper in summer,
 and then winter as well. Oh, sorry, yeah, yeah. It releases heat, so that can also warm you up,
 even if it's got water vapor inside it. So that's the way of keeping you warm. So if you fall in a
 river that's freezing cold, and then you get to dry land, be wearing wool. Like, don't wear cotton
 if you've done that. Right. Basically, because you'll be much less harmed if you're wearing wool,
 which has repelled the outside water, it's not wet on the inside. That's a top tip. Yeah. It's a top
 tip. If there's two of you on like a raft, and only one of you can stay on the raft, the one who's
 wearing wool gets pushed in, is what you're saying. Yeah, exactly. Right. Don't be on a raft with
 James. They've invented a new kind of sheep this year, that's exciting. A new kind of sheep. They've
 bred a multifunctional sheep for the first time, which is very exciting. Okay, let's go for the
 functions. Does it do your diary, organise it on a cook? It just does wool and meat, basically.
 But that's new. And have the two been mutually exclusive before that? I think this is the most
 multifunctional sheep they've ever come up with. Wow. The sheep three. It's a sheep three. Is it
 not working? Just drop it. Drop it from a short height. Well, yeah, that's incredible. I knew
 sheep. That's amazing. Oh, I saw an amazing picture online, which I want to go see in person. If you
 go to which museum is it? I think it's in the Science Museum. Yeah, it's a Science Museum.
 There's a jumper there made of wool, which is on display. Can you guess why the Science Museum
 would have a notable jumper of wool? Knitted by expedition. That's good. No, no. So it's not
 been to the North Pole? Not been to the North Pole. Knitted by Einstein. Knitted by some famous
 scientist. No. What's their famous sheep? Dolly. Dolly's jumper. There we go. It is wool from the
 first mammal ever cloned, Dolly. The sheared wool turned into a jumper. And they've only made one.
 Idiots. Yeah. And it's got sheep on it. It's really beautiful. That's not beautiful, but it's, you
 know, it's a bit cartoony. Pretty cool though, isn't it? It's very cool. The wool industry was so
 important for Britain that they had to do loads of laws for it. So there was this thing with the
 burials. But there was another thing where they tried to get rid of all the wolves, because obviously
 the wolves were killing the sheep. So Edward I paid one guy, Peter Corbett, to destroy all the wolves
 in Britain, which he managed. We don't have any wolves anymore. Hey, what are you up to? I'm just
 killing all the wolves in Britain. And William the Conqueror would grant land to people in North
umberland and Cumberland on the condition that they would defend the land from any wolves and any
 Scotsman. It was mean putting them second in the list. Did you know, I'm sure you knew, it's about
 the wool sack that is in the House of Parliament. It looks like a sort of giant cushion called the
 wool sack, and it's where the Lord Speaker sits. And that was introduced by some, I had it written
 down, I've lost it, some king, basically a long time ago, to commemorate how important the wool
 trade is. And now it's stuffed with wool, a blended wool from Britain and the other wool
 producing nations of the Commonwealth, the ones we stole. Common wolf more like.
 He's a slow hand clap. It didn't feel empowering. I didn't feel. No, just on the wool sack, they,
 I think that it was, it's centuries old, it's really, really old. And in 1938, they opened it up
 and they found out, oh, it's horse hair, completely full of horse hair, full of wool.
 Scandal, that is. So now they filled it with the Commonwealth wool. Do you know where we almost
 had wool? Where? It's such a, like, on our bodies. Do you mean like humans used to have? On our bodies,
 yes. The legs. No. The arms. No. Running short. The teeth, the teeth woman. No, no, inside the body.
 Yes. Oh. What? How drunk are we? We used to have some kind of... No, no, no, we didn't use to, we
 almost had. Didn't we almost have the wool inside? We almost had wool in our, in our, in our livers,
 lungs, hearts. Boobies. We almost had woolen boobies. Extraordinary claims require extraordinary
 evidence there. So, in the 1950s, there was a lot of experiments going on. In the 1950s? Yeah,
 there were... We didn't get boobs in the 1950s as a species. Oh, we did, we did. But what we did have
 was plastic surgery, where people were having their breasts enhanced, and there were many materials
 that were tested out as what we would be using for breast... That is an itchy tits.
 You do get itchy tits. If that is made of wool, that is... Itchy on the inside. Oh, that's... They
 tried wool? They tried wool. They tried sponges. They tried ivory balls. They tried ivory. Yeah,
 they tried a lot of stuff. And then eventually it was the silicon implants that they worked in.
 Sponges, so you could maybe decrease and increase them, depending on how much water you put.
 Yeah, yeah. Sounds good. Anyway, I need to move us on to our next fact. Do you want to say one more
 thing before we do? Well, I was just going to talk about the wool factories that we had. So,
 a lot of the wool factories in the north, they would have families who basically lived in the
 shadow of them, and the factories would kind of look after them, feed them. They would go to
 church with the factory owners, all that kind of stuff. And I was reading about one called the
 Fox's Woolen Mill. They invented khaki, the stuff that you... The khaki? The thing you used to get
 into your car. Yeah, yeah. Oh, that's not what I thought you said, sorry. No, the khaki material.
 Cool. And they said that the children would get free woolen clothing, and they would be sewn into
 their woolen underwear in September, and then let out again in May. Wow. I think they must have had
 an opening. Yeah, there's an engineering problem there. I think so. Wow. But yeah, imagine that.
 Put a tube in. You stay warm. Yeah. But being sewn into your underwear for six months of the year.
 Living Newton-John was sewn into those trousers in Greece. That's true. And they had to unpick her
 every time she needed to. There was a story, wasn't there, that Franz Ferdinand, when he was shot,
 he'd been sewn into his uniform and... You had the band. The band. I was like, what? They're going,
 take me out. Take me out. It is time for fact number three, and that is my fact. My fact this week
 is that in 1914, women were only allowed to visit the Natural History Museum if a man agreed to
 sign a note promising that they would behave themselves. So this is, yeah, this is, as I say,
 1914. I got this fact, by the way, from Dr. Fern Riddell. She's a historian. She's written in books
 about suffragettes and the history of sex and all that sort. She's brilliant. You can find her on
 Twitter. And she put up this link, which was for one of the museums by an author called Kerry
 Lotzvaz. And it was the story of suffragettes. And during 1912 to 1914, there was so much damage
 that was going on in the name of trying to get their message out, much the way that we see modern
 protesting, that they would take... They would do quite sort of big acts when they are destroying
 things. And museums were a particular target. And so museums basically had to shut down for a while.
 You had to go by appointment in some cases. But women specifically had a note that was
 presented to a man, and they would have to hand in at the door, that then gave them access. And
 if they did damage something, the man would be liable for the damage that they did. And the woman.
 Honestly. Yeah, it was wild, wasn't it? The Natural History Museums weren't sure exactly what they might
 target. The head of the museum said that unless explosives are used, the large mammals are not
 likely to suffer very seriously. But they were bombing things at the time. So there was a chance
 they might... If I know, they're not worried about women's rights. They're like, "Fucking hell, those
 elephants. They need protecting." Well, they were mostly bothered about the coral. Apparently.
 Famously. Order of priorities. Men, coral, women. But it was such a big deal. Lloyds of London actually
 started issuing householders comprehensive insurance policies that covered damages by airplanes,
 riots and suffragettes. No. That was part of your insurance. As a woman, you did go to a museum.
 You had to surrender your parcels, your muff and your umbrella at the door. Because all they were
 all used to conceal objects you... Well, the suffragettes, they actually... The suffragettes
 came out saying that we're going to put hammers in our muffs. You'd be amazed what some women can do.
 "Must Hammer" is a good, cool nickname for a suffragette, isn't it? WWE Muff Hammer.
 Making her way to the ring. She's got a note from her husband. But he hasn't signed it!
 Oh, also, we should all be saying suffragettes. Oh, really? Because they were very, very initially.
 Well, the word was coined by a newspaper writer, and they were originally referred to as suffragettes,
 because... And they took it on because they said, "We're going to get the vote." It was the Daily Mail.
 The Daily Mail coined the word "suffragette" where everyone's... But as a slam of a word?
 It was a slam, because they were not the nice ones. Distinguished from the women's social and
 political union. The suffragists were the ones who were being peaceful campaigners. But then it
 became like, "Yeah, we are suffragettes. Fuck you." Yeah, yeah. Just on the museums, just one last thing.
 The assistant keeper of the National Portrait Gallery, who was called James Milner,
 said that if women are to be admitted into public galleries, there seems to be no alternative,
 but to handcuff their hands behind their backs, and to put up a grill in front of all the pictures
 to stop them headbutting them. Sensible policies for a safer Britain. Wow. Wow. Isn't that amazing?
 So depressing. Yes, they really, really got up people's noses, I think is what they're saying.
 That's one word for it. Do you know that? Yeah. Emily Wilding Davidson. Yeah. Davidson,
 the one who threw herself under the King's horse, so famously... She was the first human casualty.
 I was reading about her, and she was actually super violent, and had been for a very long time,
 was throwing rocks. She kept trying to throw rocks at Lloyd George, but kept mistaking someone.
 And she was so violent that Pankhurst was like, "Get her out. This is too much. We think she's
 going to do something nuts." Yeah, because she was just attacking people, throwing herself at people.
 Because they all did jiu-jitsu, didn't they? They were trained in jiu-jitsu by one of the suffragettes,
 Edith Garrard. Garrard led the teaching, because she knew how to do jiu-jitsu.
 And the idea behind the training was that appointed bodyguards would surround leaders,
 like the Pankhurst, basically, so that they had people in front of them to do jiu-jitsu.
 But they also had big wooden clubs concealed about their person.
 In their muff hammers. Well, I don't know. Like, no muff is big enough to hide these clubs.
 They had to hide them in their dressers. Oh, baby, you don't know!
 I was reading about the slow pace of female emancipation. Just that Saudi Arabia gave women
 the right to vote in 2015, leaving Vatican City as the only place where women's suffrage is still
 denied today. Right. Yeah. Well, Switzerland only got it in 1991 as the whole country.
 So it was 1971 that the country had universal suffrage. But all the cantons were allowed to vote
 on it themselves. And they're like the sort of counties. They're like the counties, yeah. But
 they have a lot of things that they can kind of decide by themselves. And there was one canton,
 the Appenzell in a Holden canton, that voted against women's suffrage in '73, '82 and 1990.
 Fucking hell. Come on, canton. Get with it. I know. And the thing is, it's slightly weird,
 because the way that they vote there, they don't like going to a voting booth. They all go into
 the town hall square and kind of shout. Fuck women! I said it 15 years ago, and I stand by it!
 Shut up, Sandra! Yeah. And then in 1991, the federal government had to step in and say,
 look, this is the rule, guys. Guys, you're embarrassing us. You're an embarrassing uncle.
 It's getting really embarrassing. Have you heard of the board game Suffragetto?
 No. Have you heard of the board game Pankersquith? Yeah, they came out roughly at the same time.
 Really? Yeah, yeah. What's yours? My one is a game whereby it kind of looks like a chessboard,
 and you have all these pieces, and on one side, you're team Suffragette, and then the other side,
 you're team police, and you need to get as many... I want this game. This sounds amazing. Yeah, well,
 there's only one remaining copy of it, and it's in the Bodleian Library. I'm going to go with my
 Marfan Steelem, before I headbutt a painting. I think you used to be able to, like, download,
 I was going to say PDFs, but I think you could, like, download the board and stuff.
 Oh, yeah, right, cool. Yeah, but Pankersquith, because it was Asquith, the Prime Minister?
 It was the Prime Minister at the time, and this was 1909, and it was a board game.
 You had to get across the board and avoid arrest. It was the same kind of premise. Yeah, yeah.
 But the violence of the Suffragette movement was part of this game of suffragetto, because
 if you caught one of the suffragettes, they went to prison, and if you caught one of the policemen,
 they went to hospital. Yes. Yeah. And this was made by the suffragettes, I think, the board game?
 Yeah, so it was their own issued game. They had a lot of merch. They had a load of merch.
 Women love merch. We'll buy a tote bag. We don't care what's on it. We do not care.
 What other merch did they have? Oh, they had sort of scarves, and they had badges, and they had
 lots of postcards. Well, the colours, the big thing was the purple one, and then they put that on
 jewellery, as well, and you'd have it on rings, and it was like a secret. You could wear the colours
 separately, and everyone would be like, "Oh, I know what you vote for." That was one of the things
 of the, at the 2012 Olympics, they had a suffragette display as part of the opening ceremony,
 and someone came out as Emily Davison wearing the purple sash that was Emily Davison's. That's
 the genuine article. Yeah, which is pretty cool. We should probably say there is a bit of a debate
 about whether suffragette tactics won the day in the end, because they suspended all militant
 activities at the start of the First World War, and then by the end of the war, women were so
 integrated in industry, factories, all of that. Are you saying war's good? Is that where there's
 going? Or are you saying the suffragettes are bad? Yeah. Which one, Andy? Because the live audience
 and the people listening at home would like to know. Well, actually, I'm probably saying both.
 Welcome to GB News. But no, there is a debate, isn't there? Well, like, it did actually,
 actually did they achieve anything, because they made themselves very, very hated at the time,
 and then the impression was that by the end of the war, that women were just so much more
 into society. But then would that have happened without them doing that movement in the first
 phase? I don't know, yeah. It would have been four long years. Yeah, yeah. But it's definitely like,
 the tosses argue, isn't it? The tosses argue. Can I quickly, just speaking of people hiding
 things in their muffs, it just reminded me of my favourite headline of all time.
 So the author, Cormac McCarthy, died earlier this year, and it was a headline that I saw years ago.
 This is the headline. So he only just makes a cameo, and this is not really to do with him.
 Cormac McCarthy's ex-wife pulls gun from vagina during argument over aliens.
 Tell me you're clicking on that link immediately. The Daily Telegraph has changed, hasn't it?
 What was that? Where was that? It was in a newspaper. Oh, great. Yeah.
 In Iraq. Yeah, by Vince Mancini. In Iraq. Yeah.
 Check this out. Anyway, yeah, I've been wanting to say that for years on this podcast.
 Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show, and that is James. Okay, my fact this week is that
 a designer from Indonesia who recycles cow dung has found a way to make stools from stools.
 Very nice. Thank you. Yeah, it's just a joke that stools and stools are the same thing,
 but this is a thing that happened. This was a display from the last Singapore Design Week,
 which I read about. It's all about upcycling. So they made lighting from old washing machine
 pipes. They made rugs from dog hair. And this guy called Adhi Nugraha has his team, basically,
 at his university has taken this dung. They remove the water. That gets rid of the smell.
 They add a load of wood glue and stuff like that. And then they mould it into
 into anything you want. You can get speakers, you can get stools, you can get flower pots,
 all sorts. It's a very cool thing. It's a good way of recycling poo. A lot of it is burned,
 isn't it? Cow dung in India, which is really bad for the environment. I mean, cows themselves are
 very bad for the environment. And the dung, like it's full of methane and it just burning it,
 just a bad idea. But it can be used to coat walls. Yeah, that's another thing. Adobe, for instance.
 Yeah. Adobe. Poo and wool combined. Well, so I was reading a thing about astronaut poo and what
 it might be used for for. Oh, yeah. And this is an exciting development. So it might be in future
 that astronauts are able to power their own spaceship using polymers from their own poo.
 So that's thrilling, as in you can send astronauts to Mars and be like, make your own way home.
 When you hear some fruit and fiber. Yeah, exactly. Six months. And the other thing is they might be
 able to grow their own. This is a bit is a bit of a growth factor, but trying to disregard it. So
 they might be able to grow their own food from control. No one's ready. There were scientists
 at Pennsylvania in 2017. They researched this thing, a bio reactor, right? So you effectively,
 you poo in the tube and then the tube tube. That's a good name for it. That's actually going
 to make it much more palatable to people, I think. And it produces gas. It sort of gives off various
 biological gases and that fuels a microbial goo. Oh, God, that's the worst word you've used so far.
 We were all on board until microbial goo. Be squeamish. Microbial goo, chief.
 They create a reactor and the good news, good or bad news, as I suppose it works.
 And so that. So what is the reaction? Is it power or is it, what are they getting out of it?
 This is to produce the Vegemite like microbial goo. Oh, you're going to eat it.
 You're not, and I should stress, you're not eating anything that you have. It's completely
 safe. You're filtering. It's like, it's all filtration. If I go to a restaurant, I don't want
 others to go, it is completely safe. Yes, it was once your ship, but it's not anymore. People change.
 I thought as well, when you said about spearing stuff on walls, I thought that was a thing that
 they were talking about deep space exploration. Because one of the problems that you have when
 you're flying further into space is that you go into these radiation bands where suddenly
 you're just getting smashed by it. And if you put poo all over your walls.
 Outside of the spaceship. Oh, is it on the outside? I believe so.
 Who's doing that? I thought it was on the inside. Yeah, who's, who's
 who's going outside? You can go on a spacewalk. You can go on a spacewalk.
 What is your son doing at NASA again?
 Peanuts, PDFs, actually. Just tell them Arthur, you smear shit on the outside of a spaceship,
 and we should be proud of him. Jesus Christ. You can imagine slowly, you're sort of like 30 years
 into an intergalactic mission. You're outside your spaceship. You're smearing your laided
 batch of shit on the outside guy. They're taking the fucking piss, aren't they?
 I should have done that drama degree, man. It's like, it's just not worth it.
 I was saying, you're the fucking muffin. Go to space, they said. See the universe, they said.
 I like the usual way it was on the inside. That was normal. You were like, yeah, yeah,
 living in like a shit hole. Well, it makes more sense. Should we,
 been going on a spacewalk to smear shit all over your ship? Yeah, I think it does.
 I can just imagine NASA checking in with you, Dan, a few months into the mission.
 Sorry, sorry, astronaut Shriver. We lost control and have you been...
 Okay, send him home. Send him home. All right, astronaut Shriver, you're going to need to
 turn your entire spaceship inside out. No, Dan, you need to poo into the tube.
 Wait, I meant to filter it before eating it?
 The video on poo tube isn't loading. I couldn't see it.
 Recycling. Recycling. Recycling.
 Paper. Paper, right? Paper. Well, this is insane. Like, okay, you recycle paper. Sure.
 And then... If you don't, shame on you. If you don't, and then you have recycled paper.
 It's one of the easy ones. You recycle it again, right? It's one of those things that you can just
 keep recycled. It turns out that you can only recycle paper seven times. The same number of
 times you can fold it. Isn't that spooky? That is spooky. The tree knows. The tree is like, no more.
 Wrap me in wool and put me in the ground. It's kind of like the sort of Doctor Who regeneration
 limit, isn't it? Can I ask you a question, though? When you recycle it, so I want to recycle this
 paper and put it in my recycling bin. How do I know if it's been recycled seven times and wasting
 more recycling? This is nice paper. It gets a bit rougher, doesn't it? It does. The rough, low quality
 pulpy paper. Cheap notebooks will be made of that. And then there are probably some industrial uses.
 If you've got a cheap notebook, what should you put in there? I'm not the only one who's stressed
 about this, right? No, no, no. Absolutely. Because you put so much in there, then you go to the big
 bin on the estate, right? And it's full of fucking plastic bags because no one reads the sign properly.
 And is it worth me doing it? Is that whole bin? Someone contaminates the bin. I don't think we're
 saying don't recycle. I think I... No, but if you do... No, no, Karen, Karen, I've got to really
 bite down on this. No, you should do it. And I do it, but it's frustrating. I know, I know. You have to
 be careful what you recycle. When turbine blades, they were out sometimes, and they're really difficult
 to recycle, because they're made of lots of different polymers and stuff. Controversial? Yeah,
 they've got a new one, a new kind of material that they might use for turbine blades,
 and you can recycle it by eating it. Oh, wow. You just get some microbial goo,
 and then you spread it on top. And so what's it made of? It's made of fibreglass, but as well as
 fibreglass, it's got some plant-derived polymers, it's got some synthetic polymers in, and once
 it's been working for ages and you need to replace it, you can kind of dissolve it and all the
 constituent parts separate, and you can reuse all those different bits. And the plant-based ones,
 you can turn into gummy bears. And the guy who invented it has made a wind turbine, then dissolved
 it, turned it into a gummy bear and eaten those gummy bears. I mean, I like gummy bears already.
 If I find out that I'm eating gummy bears, which are made from renewable energy turbines, I'm
 going to be over the fucking moon. That is so good. One thing that can be recycled that has been a bit
 of a bane of the recycling industry for a while is nappies. Because sometimes they contain lots
 of different components, and it can be hard to separate them. This is a really good study from
 this year. It's researchers from Indonesia. Actually, just whether your original fact is from
 James, and it's researchers have found a way of taking nappies, used nappies, washing, drying,
 sterilizing, shredding them, and then putting them into concrete and mortar. And they have
 successfully built a home that is 10% old nappies. Wow. And it's completely sterile. It's
 completely... And it can use two cubic meters of used nappies, one single-story home, without any
 weakness of structural integrity or anything like that. And it's completely safe. It uses up a load.
 I think that is about the amount a baby gets through in a year or two. No, my baby. We could
 build half a Milton Key, isn't it? So that's just a trial so far. That's amazing. Even in the UK,
 half of the Welsh A487 road is made of 100,000 nappies. Amazing. And they would just recycle it.
 I know, plastic pellets that are then part of the road material, and then he tarmac over the top.
 So when we were talking about the three little pigs earlier blowing down a shithouse,
 that actually could be a reality in the future. We're going to have to wrap up, and it's that,
 guys. We are at the end of the party. Yeah, so sorry. It's time. It's time. Yeah. Anything before we do?
 You can recycle rare earth metals using fish sperm. We're done. We're done. No one can tell
 me that's it. Is that the stuff you get those in your phone, don't you? The rare earth metal, yeah.
 This is a thing. You know, "milt" is the technical name for fish sperm, basically. So scientists use
 some, again, it's at the experimental stage, it's not widely used. But they made a powder out of
 some salmon milk, because that is like largely composed of DNA, which largely is made up of
 phosphate, right? And that is, it's charged in a way that it attracts rare earth metals to it.
 Cool. So if you put it in a solution with some rare earth metals, because they obviously they're
 very important to recycle, and you want to recycle as much as you can, keep it in the system going
 around, and if you put it in a solution with some salmon sperm, then it can be extracted. How much
 sperm do you need? Like, are we going to have to farm fish and make them ejaculate millions of times?
 I think that is the problem of scale in this. You're absolutely right, because it's like a
 salmon is quite small, and it is a waste product for the fish industry, but it's not. Not if you're
 a Mrs. salmon. How are you getting the milk? Like, how do you collect milk? I'm just asking for a
 friend. I don't know. The milk man just comes round.
 Okay, that's it. That is all of our facts. Thank you so much for listening. If you'd like to get
 in contact with any of us about things we have said over the course of this podcast, we can be
 found on our Twitter accounts. I'm on Shriverland. James. At James Harkin. Andy. At Andrew Hunter M.
 Cariad. At Cariad Lloyd on Instagram. And you can also get us on our group account on Twitter,
 which is @NoSuchThing. Go to our website as well. NoSuchThing is at fish.com. All of our previous
 episodes are up there. And you can also join Club Fish. We've got any Club Fish members. And yeah,
 very nice. Very cool. It's a secret society for dorks. And it's awesome. So do join that. Otherwise,
 join us again next week for another episode. We'll see you then. Thank you so much, Soho Theatre.
 That was awesome. Goodbye!
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
