 [music]
 Hello and welcome to Little Fish, the new show from no such thing as a fish, the makers of,
 and this is my first time hosting it, and what do I say aside from that?
 You sound like we've got a gun to you, I guess.
 That's the way I feel every time I come in here.
 First of all, tell everyone the date and the headline on the piece of newspaper that you're holding.
 And then you just have to say who we are, what the show is, and then we'll get into some facts.
 This is when we can't be bothered to do any more research for ourselves, so instead we dip into our
 inbox and we have a look at all the great facts you've found for us, and we're hoping this
 eventually becomes a self-making show, and we don't need to do any more work ourselves.
 Thank you for providing some amazing facts this week in our inbox, and who's got a good one to kick us off.
 I've got a good one. Nice to see you all after a long week, as we've had since the last one of
 these that we did. I don't remember what you guys looked like.
 Well, actually it's some cashier minds back all that time, and we were talking about sumo wrestlers,
 and I have a fact here about sumo from Matthew Bright, and Matthew says that each year professional
 sumo tournaments in Japan consume about 4,000 kilograms of salt.
 Is that because they throw, don't they throw salt?
 They throw salt, yeah, so this is what Matthew's worked out, so each tournament lasts 15 days,
 and they're held six times a year, and each tournament consumes about 650 kilograms of salt,
 according to our journalist, which Matthew found, and then if you work that all out,
 it's 4,000 kilograms, and the salt is like to purify the ring.
 Interesting, and for, let you say, ceremonial reasons, and yeah.
 Does it grit it as well? Is it give you good?
 Because a lot of it is about holding your stem.
 You're absolutely right, but the ring itself is like made, it's got sand in it anyway, I think,
 which means it's quite well-gritted, but it can't hurt.
 Yeah, especially on a cold day.
 When it's on ice, sumo on ice, it's sumo on ice.
 Why is that not the dough?
 I mean, that has to be a thing, doesn't it?
 We're getting a lot of sumo action in London at the moment.
 We are.
 There's a lot of exhibition matches that have been happening at places like Royal Albert Hall.
 Have you ever been walking around London and just seen the sumo wrestlers?
 I saw a guy go pass on a bike.
 Yeah, on a bike.
 Oh wow, that's cool, that's a cartoon.
 Are you sure that wasn't a cartoon, you saw?
 I'm pretty sure I saw him on a bike, it was just down the road,
 and yeah, they were all over it.
 Well, certainly when they were in town,
 you would see them everywhere.
 Was he on a, like, a child's bike?
 Tiny, tiny.
 They didn't look like that, probably.
 Yeah, I've seen the, I went to the final of the year of sumo in Tokyo when I was there,
 which was very cool, but it was the day we arrived,
 and we were so jet-lagged, we both fell asleep.
 That's middle of the tunnel.
 Oh, no.
 I felt like people should have been throwing salt at us to keep this all down.
 Spelling salt.
 Yeah, shut those out.
 Yeah.
 Do you want to throw salt over your shoulder for good luck?
 When you use it.
 Yeah, even though I know it's stupid,
 and I'm not very superstitious, generally,
 I just like, I think it's cool.
 And it is cool.
 I have found myself in restaurants going,
 "Who's that cool guy?"
 The salt thing.
 I wouldn't do it in the restaurant.
 It's when I'm cooking, and I spill some.
 Ah, okay, right.
 It's when you spill it.
 Not when you put it on your food, right?
 Yes.
 What do you mean when you spill it?
 Like, that's the idea with the,
 so you spill salt, and that's very bad luck,
 and so you throw some over your shoulder into the devil's face.
 Oh, we just did it whenever we saw anything.
 Salt thing, and then toss it over your shoulder.
 I'm not that cool.
 Well, I've always been a few wrongs above you, haven't I?
 But since being the person who cleansed the house,
 rather than my mother when I was a kid, but we all did it,
 I've realised it's incredibly annoying,
 I bet I wouldn't let anyone do that in my house.
 It's just salt on the floor the whole time.
 Yeah, that's true, but at least you're not sliffing over,
 and it's also purified spiritually.
 There you go.
 That's why there's no ghost in your house.
 Do you know that summa wrestlers,
 if you're a summa wrestler,
 you are associated with a 9.8 year negative lifespan
 compared to a non summa wrestler.
 It does make a bit of sense, doesn't it?
 It does, but actually, like, most, obviously, most sports.
 If you do them, you have a longer lifespan.
 Yeah.
 Because you, you know, if you're a gymnast,
 you have a 8.2 years higher life expectancy,
 and there is one sport.
 Sorry, that's unbelievable.
 8.2 year higher life expectancy.
 Is it too late?
 It's not a gymnast.
 For you to be a gymnast, I'm afraid so, I don't know.
 They're usually about 14, haven't they?
 Yeah.
 Max.
 What an amazing sudden entry into the British.
 Former podcaster.
 I was just kidding.
 Quite last year to become the Roli Poli specialist.
 There is one sport, according to this study they read this in,
 that has a higher improvement of life expectancy,
 and I can't find out why, and it doesn't make any sense,
 but do you want to guess what it is?
 Yeah, okay.
 Curling.
 Curling, no.
 It's a good question.
 Skateboarding, no.
 It is pole vaulting.
 Polevolters live on average 8.4 years
 longer than the rest of us.
 Must be something to do with the clean air they're getting access to,
 I believe, to top it.
 Definitely, yeah.
 Or maybe you know, like, there's something about special relativity
 if you're in space like time slows down or something.
 Oh, yes, you don't age.
 Of course.
 I'm traveling.
 Oh, wow.
 They must have got better since I last watched the pole vault
 for getting that high.
 It's really fun these days.
 They go up and they come down three years younger.
 There you go.
 But yeah, I don't know why that is.
 My guess is that probably,
 compared to these other sports,
 there's quite a small sample space.
 Yeah.
 All right.
 Great mystery to solve.
 Should I do one?
 Yeah.
 All right, this is from Duncan Pierce.
 There are 10,000 accordions under a parking lot
 in a Swedish town called Alvdelen.
 Dude, I feel like Andy gives you the hard ones to pronounce.
 I think so as well.
 And also often when we're doing the names of the custodians,
 every difficult sea to land on you, so it's so weird.
 When you walk through this parking lot, does it go...
 What, is that your accordion impression?
 Well, my accordion's very old.
 Nice idea.
 It's got a few holes in it.
 Clearly.
 I can play the accordion.
 Can you?
 Yeah, yeah, I have an accordion.
 I think if I ever,
 I didn't bring it on any shows or anything like that.
 I feel like we did something where I've heard you play
 in context of a potential live show piece.
 Yeah, maybe when we did like a pre-show or something.
 Yeah.
 I can't remember.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 I do have an accordion and it doesn't sound anything like that.
 Even when I play it, who's not that good at that?
 Why did we not let you play it?
 I should give you a bit more on this.
 Yeah, that's right.
 Yeah, this is Duncan Sensen saying he watched a documentary
 called the accordion graveyard in Uldullen
 and the hosts try to uncover the prominent myth
 in the Swedish accordion community
 that 10,000 accordions are buried there.
 And they try to get to the bottom of this major myth about...
 What's behind the myth?
 Why would they be buried there?
 Who's come up with accordion to whom?
 Brilliant, lovely.
 Thank you.
 So there's a leading theory that the society has.
 It's that they are old Eastern European accordions
 which were bought by Hagstrom in the 1930s.
 They were planning on renovating.
 But by the 1960s, the accordion market took a big dip.
 Oh, yeah.
 They weren't selling as well.
 And they had outsourced a lot of the industry to Asia.
 So they buried their inventory.
 The exact number of accordions isn't no.
 But the myth says that there is 10,000.
 And so they did this documentary and they found, yeah, there's a lot of it.
 What did they do? They dug it up like time team and they found them.
 Yeah, yeah, they found remnants of a lot of them.
 I don't think they found 10,000.
 Well, some of them would have decomposed.
 Wouldn't they? The less well-made ones.
 So that's a hold on.
 So there were actually...
 I thought this was a bullshit myth made up by this mad community
 of accordion officials.
 And it's actually true.
 There are 10,000 accordions buried under a park.
 I feel like you would need that ending for the documentary to work.
 Oh, yeah. Do you reckon the docker makers went in the middle of the night
 and dug some holes and put some accordions in there?
 Very true.
 Very true.
 You'd hear them, though, in the night putting them in when you...
 Where's the mute button on this bastard?
 If you ever, in 10,000 years, if someone digs up that parking lot,
 they'll probably think like the king of tedious annoying instruments
 was buried there.
 Yeah.
 Yes.
 You're so right. Do you think all kind of Egyptian pyramids
 were actually like people had too many to what do you get?
 Very bricks, too many.
 She's probably a pile.
 Yeah, I know that pile.
 It's a slightly neater pile.
 Stop inside them, but yeah.
 All right, moving on. Let's have a fact.
 Let's have a pie from Haley Wilson.
 And she's titled this,
 "Ozzy bystanders spooked by boobs"
 means women less likely to receive CPR than men.
 And basically, it's...
 Oh, yes, yes.
 When you sort of think it back in your head, it does make sense.
 And her fact is that CPR training dummies with boobs on them
 are now being used at surf lifesaving clubs in New South Wales
 because women are less likely to receive CPR.
 They're 10% less likely to receive it
 and 50% less likely to receive defibrillation
 from bystanders in an emergency
 because reasons cited were people a bit scared of the boobs.
 I think, ironically, these have been made for, like, slightly prudish people
 but probably going to be utilized by perverts.
 You know?
 That's one of our minds.
 Yeah, they've almost already disappeared, it does say.
 You don't use tugs for the kiss of life, Dan.
 There's a good punch line.
 The initiative is called CPR.
 CPR, CPR, CPR, H-E-R.
 H-E-R.
 Should we call CPR?
 That's a better one.
 Good.
 You should have been on the PR team.
 Then they don't let me know the dolls that we've looked at.
 Okay, here is another one about body parts questionable.
 It's by Auri Fulger and Auri says that eye drops made from pig semen
 deliver cancer treatment to mice, so many things in that fact.
 Bit of a headline, really.
 Yeah.
 This is an interesting thing, I think, because I read this article
 week or two ago and immediately put it in my file of possible headlines for fish.
 Okay.
 But now it's come in from an audience member.
 I think that could be a problem in future.
 If our audience gets better and better at finding facts,
 we're going to have none left for ourselves.
 We might become what Anna said at the top of the show,
 just entirely an audience fact show, yeah.
 Lovely.
 Maybe. So what this is is that there's a type of cancer called a retino blastoma.
 It's very hard to get the medicine to it.
 And what they've managed to do is take advantage of the fact that sperm can penetrate eggs.
 But instead of penetrating the eggs, they penetrate the eye.
 Amazing.
 And it's basically a part of the sperm called exosomes, which are tiny little bubbles of fat,
 which can send the proteins into the egg.
 They've not tried this in humans yet, but they think that
 it seems to work in mice.
 And so why not try it in humans?
 I don't think it's you actually get a pig sperm.
 I think it's like you extract these proteins from it.
 And then you attach those onto some egg ajali or something.
 I don't know.
 Wow.
 And send it through that way.
 Yeah.
 And whose job is it to masturbate the pig?
 In this...
 Call Rebecca Luce.
 That's an old call back.
 That's a deep cut to pop culture from about 10 years ago, yeah.
 Where he first did this podcast 12 years ago.
 That would have been of the cutting edge of satire.
 I feel like that's so recent still.
 Maybe it's because of the only pop culture news I've known about for the last 20 years.
 Yeah, when he time, he has a big moment, like a documentary came out about his life.
 She's back in the news.
 David Beckham.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So it's David Beckham's ex-mystress, who was on a reality show and excited a poor sign.
 Fellow contestant.
 Yes, a legit ex-mystress.
 Yes, yeah.
 She's not allowed in any showings of Peppa Pig.
 Perron David Cameron, go to the same help group, don't they?
 Right, next up.
 Yes, please.
 I got a little etymology one here.
 So...
 Oh, thank God.
 As you know, this will be butchered by me.
 But Chris Perry writes in, "Here's a submission for a little fish.
 If a Welsh rugby team was made up of Joneses, Jenkinses, Davises and Evanses,
 they would be the least Welsh rugby team ever."
 What?
 Yeah.
 What's the most common Welsh name, something?
 Yeah, but not in the old Welsh alphabet, because the letters V, J and K do not appear
 in the old Welsh alphabet.
 And I've got a little chart here that you guys can see of how the Welsh language works.
 You've got ABC and then Cha, D, Double D, E, F, Double F, G, N, G, H, I, L.
 Go straight to L, so we've got no...
 Sounds like Brawl Slices, doesn't it?
 It does a little bit.
 Double D, I think, has pronounced like an F, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 Like Cardiff, and it's in Double D and Welsh.
 Yes, yeah.
 I think it's very good on Welsh.
 But yeah, the thing is with Welsh surnames is that they were...
 They didn't traditionally have surnames in Wales.
 But the British forced the surnames on to them.
 And so they all just chose like Evans, Son of Evans or Jones, Son of John.
 That's why they've got so few surnames that they're all quite similar.
 William, Son of William, they were just...
 Yeah, but they could still say those, as in they still had the sounds in their language
 of those things, they just look like different letters.
 Yeah, exactly.
 I think Chris was just enjoying the quirk of the letters that we'd recognise
 in today are so prominent in modern Welsh names.
 All right, Chris, just on a clarify.
 They could still say those sounds.
 Yeah, we don't want the Welsh right in them.
 Yeah, I should, for his defence, say,
 "Naturally, this is an interesting insight into a Welsh language,
 and I would never suggest a Welsh rugby player called Jones is not truly Welsh,
 at least not to his or her face."
 Absolutely.
 I've got another one here.
 It's from Anastasia Patterson, who opens with "My stupid little fact is."
 Oh, which I'm going to say. Don't do yourself down, Alistair.
 Let us be the judge of that.
 Yeah.
 So we're about to judge it.
 My stupid little fact is that the Australian island state of Tasmania
 technically shares an 85 metre land border with Victoria.
 Oh.
 I actually love stuff.
 I love cartography cook-ups.
 Yeah, well, you've been to Tazzy quite a lot of times, right?
 Yeah, kept trying to find the land border, got very wet.
 Yeah.
 Is there a night?
 It's like, kind of Ireland belongs to both of them or something.
 There is an island which wasn't supposed to be on the land border.
 It's called Boundary Island, so they should have known based on the name.
 No, it didn't used to be on the boundary.
 So in 1801, a guy called Captain John Black made a mapping error,
 and he determined that this place, which is now called Boundary Island,
 was slightly further north than it actually was.
 And so if it was further north enough, it would just be a Victorian.
 And then they re-measured everything,
 and they realised the island was actually a bit further south,
 and it's bisected by the border.
 So they share it.
 Do they have, like, really hilarious things that happen
 that the people who live near the border, or, you know, you can buy fireworks on one side
 and have a feel on the other side.
 It's just an island where no one lives apart from a few sheep.
 I'm afraid it's really an island where literally nothing whatsoever happens.
 It's of no consequence whatsoever.
 But maybe they'll find a huge oil well beneath it at some point.
 Does it have any, like, natural life of the land
 that might be good for a podcast to play in?
 Like a little raised area where podcasts can do their show,
 and then a little area where some audience can see it.
 Yeah, he didn't specify, but I'm sure we could have something erected.
 And this is our next gig.
 I think now we probably can't sell out the Sydney Opera House anymore
 that we've been insulting.
 Australia is quite a lot of the last few months.
 Sorry, but I have to play this island where no one lives.
 Is that so you can say we've sold out venues in Victoria and Tasmania?
 Two shows in one, yeah, yeah, that's great.
 We did go to New Zealand and the three of us did an episode in a toilet.
 Oh, we did, yeah.
 Or just next to the toilet.
 So we are at us three, and he wasn't there.
 Yeah, he wasn't there, yeah.
 So currently we are playing in Mean Doses,
 is the bar it's called.
 We're in their toilet with an exclusive episode.
 Yeah, because Buttons was there like this week, right?
 That's right.
 Yeah, so Leon, who was on an episode
 of one of our live tour shows in New Zealand when Andy was away,
 he randomly was there any centres of video, and it's still playing in the toilet.
 Because this is one that we've...
 I listened to centres a thing in years ago,
 saying that it can't constantly played no such thing as a fish in the toilets,
 and so we recorded an episode there.
 But they don't play that episode in the toilets, do they?
 They still play our old episodes.
 No, they play that toilet.
 Wait, do they just literally play that one over and over again?
 If you're listening to this show,
 and you think you've listened to every single episode of Nosy Sings of Fish,
 unless you've been in that toilet, you are wrong.
 Yeah, that's true.
 Yeah, they were playing it exclusively,
 but now they've put it on rotation with a few other episodes.
 I think maybe they got some complaints about the repetition, you know?
 This is the ninth poo I've had in here,
 where I'm listening to the same episode.
 They're like, no, no, that's a different episode.
 It's just Andy is still talking about his butt.
 Can I say something?
 This is so tangential about toilets that I wonder every single day,
 and I just wanted to ever listen, has an answer.
 So I often work in a cafe, local cafe,
 and lots of people working in cafes.
 And I always think, do they have special drainage
 sewage systems?
 Because obviously, what people do in cafes, they drink coffee,
 there's no way that every single person in that cafe
 isn't going to the toilet at some point and doing a huge turd, right?
 And then I always think, if there's many people that are doing that,
 they must have amazing toilets to not be blocked.
 And I just wanted to know if cafes, if that's a thing,
 if you run a cafe or if you own a cafe,
 if you have to invest in really heavy duty sewage systems.
 Interesting.
 No, Nosy Sings of Fish, ask a goal, the big question.
 Yeah.
 You don't hear this on the rest of the politics, do you?
 I would love to have Rory Stewart's take.
 Shooting in cafe.
 Anyway, any more for any more.
 I think that's enough, I think.
 That's good.
 Paul will finish on that.
 Good, let us know.
 That was lovely, lovely spending time with all of you here today,
 and it is now time to give you a little gift,
 some of you a little gift.
 So at the end of our little fish episodes,
 we hand over a fact to very special members
 of our top tier of the secret club fish.
 And so we're going to give some facts to people
 to be custodians of for the rest of eternity, aren't we?
 And James, who are you going to give a fact to?
 Okay, I can offer custodianship of this fact to Timothy Sitt.
 Timothy Sitt.
 Well, it's quite appropriate to your name,
 because your fact is that the trailer
 for the longest movie ever made is 72 minutes long.
 Wow.
 And I imagine you would have to sit through it.
 Timothy.
 You wouldn't want to be standing.
 No.
 All right, here's another one.
 This goes out to Eric Olafson.
 And your fact is, in the middle ages,
 lots of churches had statues of Jesus
 which had moving arms
 so he could be taken down from the cross and carried around.
 What's really cool about that is Eric Olafson.
 Sounds like he's from the middle ages.
 Doesn't he?
 We're already very much on the line
 taking the piss out of Welsh surnames.
 I don't think we should go up to Scandinavia now.
 I'm sure Olafson is a perfectly normal name.
 It just sounds pre-Norman.
 I do remember this one.
 This was one of my favourite facts we've ever done, actually.
 This is your fact, I think, down, wasn't it?
 That's right, it was Andy's.
 I've never been able to tell the difference between you two.
 I will take the next fact, shall I?
 So here's a fact for Holly Miller.
 Okay.
 Holly Miller, guard this fact
 twice in its history.
 America has been run by a shepherd.
 Oh, nice.
 That's nice.
 Yeah, with the flock of sheep.
 Who would have been?
 Oh, there were two...
 Which was the president who kept a sheep on his lawn?
 That was maybe Teddy Roosevelt,
 someone around the turn of the 20th century.
 But that doesn't necessarily mean he was a shepherd.
 It feels like it would be one of the early ones who was a shepherd.
 Yeah.
 But I bet it wasn't Madison,
 because we'd done him on the main show recently,
 and we would remember that.
 Yeah, it wasn't Madison, not a shepherd.
 Oh, no.
 But his wife is called Dolly, who was a sheep.
 That's a good point.
 That's very good.
 This is blowing wide open.
 Yeah, yeah.
 I think...
 Henry...
 Is it a Henry Tyler?
 No, John Tyler.
 John Tyler...
 Well, I think it was Henry Tyler.
 This was a very fun episode,
 because we had Rufus Houndon, and this was Rufus's fact.
 And do you remember in the old QI office,
 where we recorded "Just Below Us" was a barber shop,
 and it just so happened,
 that is where Rufus used to get his mustache and beard and hair done.
 And he said,
 "Oh, I've booked a haircut half way through the recording of the episode."
 Yeah, so it was wild.
 And so we paused it, and he went away,
 and he took a very long time,
 and we think...
 I don't want to ask Rufus this.
 We think he went for an enormous poo,
 and there was a problem with the sewage system,
 because I like, "We're not a cafe."
 "Go do your poo's a narrow Rufus, Jesus."
 Yeah, we've got a theory.
 We've got a theory that he didn't do as much research,
 as he hoped he could have done,
 and he was feeling it during the episode.
 And so when he went down,
 he just did a lot more research,
 because when he came back, he was packed with facts,
 as Rufus is, about everything.
 And his hair still looks shit, so...
 [laughter]
 He's a very presentable man, Rufus has.
 Yeah.
 Do you know how he came up the show as well?
 As in...
 So the reason he came on is,
 I bumped into him on the streets
 a couple of weeks before,
 while I was walking down Maiden Lane,
 which is a road we used to record on,
 and I was walking,
 and I heard a man yell from very far down the road,
 "Yellow Shoe Wanker!"
 [laughter]
 And at that point,
 I was wearing these yellow sport shoes
 that were like luminous,
 and he'd spotted me from like a hundred yards away,
 the whole street turn.
 But did you know him and that's it?
 I did, yeah.
 'Cause he was on Museum of Curious,
 he relatively early, so...
 And he used to do all the warm-ups at QI back in the day,
 before the recordings, yeah.
 He did, yeah, yeah.
 And there were a couple of pilots
 that QI tried to do back in the day,
 and Rufus was either a host or the panelist.
 I mean, of course he knew you.
 Like, he wouldn't have known necessarily,
 you always wear yellow shoes,
 but he knows you're a Wanker, so...
 [laughter]
 Yeah, that's the bit that wasn't the contested bit.
 [laughter]
 Right, time for another fact.
 Yes, this one goes out to Vanessa Sterling.
 Vanessa, your fact is that there is a village in Russia
 where every single person knows how to tightrope walk.
 [laughter]
 Yeah.
 I feel like some facts really stick out as a classic fish fact,
 and for me, that was one that I've remembered
 and thought about many times.
 Do you know why, I think?
 When we wrote our book, The Book of the Year,
 we considered writing another book.
 Do you remember we discussed it,
 and we were going to call it The Book of Now,
 and the idea is that right now,
 somewhere in the world, this thing is happening,
 and there are loads of things happening,
 and one of them was in this village,
 in Russia, right now,
 everyone knows how to tightrope walk.
 Yeah, I still love the idea of that book.
 It's that image, wake up in the morning.
 Right now, when you wake up,
 someone is tightrope walking here.
 There's a yellow shoe wanker going down, made in length.
 Yeah, great idea.
 Yeah, really nice.
 We better not put it in the edit then,
 because someone will steal it.
 If it's that good.
 Well, that's okay,
 because we have evidence that we thought of it first.
 Oh, let someone else do the work again.
 I see.
 Publishers might be listening as well.
 We could, we could sell our books here.
 All publishers have turned off this podcast.
 It's had decided working on his books.
 [laughter]
 I think, literally, everyone at the publishing industry
 in London has just gone,
 "You know what, we're going to list off, man, you now."
 Yeah.
 We really haven't considered the actual career damage.
 That man has done to us with his buddy cop TV shows.
 [laughter]
 Okay, next fact.
 All right.
 This one's going out to Max.
 Max, you know who you are.
 Your fact is, when making model railways,
 people may call out of larger bits of coal.
 [laughter]
 Who's back at that of them?
 [laughter]
 Okay, here we are, here we are, guys.
 Small coal cop.
 [laughter]
 But actually, I think this fact,
 people have written into us on drop as a line
 referencing this fact, haven't they?
 And I think, wasn't it true that someone had a wedding
 and the favours that they gave to all the guests
 was fake bits of coal.
 Like, actually made out of chocolate cake or whatever.
 Chocolate coal.
 Oh, really?
 The reason was because they partly themed the wedding on fish.
 And this was like...
 Oh, wow.
 Make up these facts.
 They sent us some of the coal, didn't they?
 There'll be some here for you, Anna.
 Some of the chocolate coal.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Yeah, we all got our own little pouch.
 Wow, I can't believe you've waited this long to tell me.
 So this is the kind of thing I came back for.
 Here is a fact.
 I'm going to say the fact first this time
 and then the person who's going to cost...
 Okay, mix it up.
 ...costard it.
 And this fact is that in Britain,
 pedestrians step to the right to avoid each other
 and in Japan they step to the left
 and nobody knows why.
 And I'm going to hand that fact over to Max Scopperson
 to be the custodian of that.
 Very nice.
 It's a weird one.
 Which way do you step?
 I think I step in the same direction as a person walking towards me
 and then we both change our minds
 and step in the other direction
 and then both step in the other direction
 and they go, oh, sorry, sorry, sorry.
 And then kind of slightly barge into each other.
 Then you're making out and then it is...
 Yeah.
 And like, that sister, leave me alone.
 [laughter]
 Is that called back to "So Long ago",
 wasn't it?
 Last one.
 Last one for the fish.
 But good, she's a character now at the show.
 [laughter]
 She'll enjoy that.
 James, you got another fact?
 Yes, I have my last one for the day.
 This fact is under the custody of Kino, K-E-N-O.
 Could be Kino, Kino.
 But anyway, either way, your facts now,
 forever and forsaking all of us,
 is that half of all California condors
 were raised by glove puppets.
 Oh, yeah.
 This is great.
 This is a reintroduction program.
 Yeah.
 Well, I think one of the early ones,
 and it's been like a lot of other birds,
 they do similar things now, right?
 Yeah.
 Remember?
 Yeah.
 And this is the idea that they attach very strongly
 to whoever raises them.
 And so you can't have a person.
 Otherwise, they'll be attached to that person.
 So the person dresses up as a condor.
 Did an imprint, is that what it's called?
 Or is that different?
 No, yeah, they imprint, yeah.
 All right, down, final fact.
 - Yeah. - Make it a good one.
 This goes to Gemma Hearton,
 and you are now the custodian of the fact
 that the first ever novel ended mid-sentence.
 Oh, yes, the tale of Genji.
 Written by that lady in an age ago.
 Oh, yeah.
 In that country far away.
 Yeah.
 In a place, yeah, for a place.
 Eric Olfson probably knows her.
 Probably friends of her, or John Jones.
 Yeah.
 Well, that's a cracking fact to end on.
 I would say that because it's on a vine.
 But all great facts, God them wisely.
 And thank you so much to all of those new custodians.
 So that is thank you to Timothy.
 Sit.
 God, you must get annoyed with that.
 And thank you to Timothy, Eric,
 Holly, Vanessa, Max, other Max, Max Scupperson,
 Kino, and Gemma.
 Thank you so much for joining us for this episode of Little Fish.
 If you want to listen to an episode of the big fish,
 the real podcast, no such thing as a fish,
 we'll be back again on Friday.
 If you want to listen to another fake podcast,
 Little Fish, we'll be back again on Monday.
 And what else can you do?
 What if they have some facts to send?
 Where would they send those?
 Guys, if you've got some facts to send,
 you should send them to podcastacui.com.
 And if you join up to the highest tier of club fish,
 you might get custodian ship of one of our facts.
 And that's it from us.
 That's from James.
 Yeah.
 From Dan.
 Yeah.
 From me.
 And what do you say at the end of things?
 And then thank you for listening to this podcast.
 We'll see you again sometime.
 Goodbye.
 Okay, it's harder than it looks, isn't it?
 It is.
 And not to be nitpicky,
 but it's not that you might get custodian ship.
 If you sign up, you definitely will.
 It's part of the deal.
 You will get custodian ship of one of our facts.
 If you sign up to our top tier,
 try me to do it again, normally.
 Did Andy write your outro?
 [laughs]
 [music]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
