 (upbeat music)
 - Hello, and welcome to another episode
 of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast,
 this week coming to you live from Baaaaaah!
 (audience cheering)
 - My name is Dan Shriver, I am sitting here
 with Anna Tyshensky, Andrew Huntsomuri, and James Harkin.
 And once again, we have gathered 'round the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days,
 and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, that is Anna.
 - My fact this week is that the reason you can no longer
 bathe in the Roman bars at bars is because
 they contain brain eating amoeba.
 (audience laughing)
 - Wow.
 - So that, like, I was, I don't know,
 doing like a D-rate horror film or something,
 but yeah, it's true, there are amoeba in the bars
 that will eat your brain.
 - I must say, Anna, since you told us this fact,
 and we got to our travel lodge, your premier in,
 or whatever it was today, I was thinking,
 can I drink the water in bath?
 - I know!
 - Oh, yeah!
 - How do we need to address it?
 - I have a question about this,
 which is, Anna, I'd like to know,
 how do we need to address it?
 - I have a question about this,
 which is that I have drunk the waters of Bath,
 and I don't know exactly which ones I drunk.
 I imagine that--
 - Just some random bath water.
 (audience laughing)
 Actually, that's the problem with this fact,
 when you try and research it,
 if you Google bath water--
 - Yes.
 - All you get is someone called Belle Delphine,
 (audience laughing)
 who is apparently an adult influencer
 who was selling her bath water for $30 a bottle.
 - Oh, wow.
 - Okay, well, you shouldn't be bathing
 in Belle Delphine's bath water, or Bath's bath water,
 and it's not all the water in bath,
 it's just directly from the spring,
 so this was discovered in the '70s.
 I hadn't realized that until 1978,
 you could bathe directly in the spring,
 you know, when you're in the bath, baths in the museum,
 there's that bath.
 How many times do I say the word bath?
 (audience laughing)
 And I hadn't realized that people used to swim in it
 until 1978, and then they realized
 that coming direct from the spring
 was this amoeba called Nigleria fowleri,
 which is also known as the brain-eating amoeba,
 and you get it in warm, fresh water, it's very rare,
 and like I said, it's just this one spring,
 it's not in any of the rest of the water,
 and it burrows into your brain through your nose,
 so it goes up your nose
 and then burrows straight into your brain,
 and it's 100% fatal.
 - So that's okay, that means it's fine
 if you drink water, you're not gonna get it.
 It doesn't, if you drank the water,
 if you jumped into, and don't do this,
 but if you did jump into the bath spars
 and you just took down a lot down your mouth,
 but kept your nose out of the water, you'd be fine.
 - But then if someone made you laugh halfway through
 and it accidentally went up into your nose,
 - Oh yes.
 - It would murder you.
 - It came out the other way.
 - What is great murder mystery, though?
 - Yeah.
 What did I pay 50p to drink in about 2006?
 - That was just Evian, they siphoned it into a-
 - No, it wasn't, it tasted horrible,
 it tasted sulfurous, and it was strong stuff.
 - So sorry, what's the story, Andy?
 What's his story?
 - I went to the bath pump rooms in 2006
 and paid 50p to drink a glass of Frank,
 I'm sorry guys, horrible water.
 (audience laughing)
 Very clever, seeing it's magic, it was nasty.
 - I think this is the bit that doesn't have the amoeba in it.
 - So it's boreholed now.
 So basically you still get the really curative,
 brilliant waters of bath that feed the Roman barns
 and they feed, you guys have probably been to that hotel
 with the swimming pool on the top
 that's fed direct from the spring, which is very lovely.
 And that's just all through borehols,
 so it's not coming straight from the spring.
 So this amoeba is filtered out.
 - Why did you drink it?
 Why was the thing to do, was it?
 - It's advertised. - Yeah, you go to the bath,
 you know, the beautiful, beautiful tea room
 at the bath spa, and they say this is the water
 that people have been drinking for hundreds of years
 for its curative properties.
 - This is the water that hasn't cured anyone
 for the last 2,500 years, unless it's not cured.
 - What, so cure you?
 - It did, it cured a man called Bladdard,
 who was the whole reason for the baths being founded.
 And Bladdard, he had an infection basically,
 he had a Bladdard infection, and he was--
 - He had leprosy.
 - He had leprosy, yeah, he had leprosy.
 He was exiled by his family.
 He went to Athens, got leprosy,
 and then came back to England,
 was exiled by his family for having leprosy,
 and became a swine herd.
 But then his pigs jumped into the waters of the bath,
 which were coming up through the borehol,
 and they fronked, and they got better,
 and their leprosy was cured.
 So he built the city of Bath.
 So that's what happened.
 - And that is a true story.
 - Right.
 - He's like a semi-mythical,
 probably actually mythical king, isn't he?
 But he was like the father of King Lear, Bladdard.
 They first wrote about him,
 the first person to write about him
 was Geoffrey of Monmouth in the 12th century.
 And he wrote that Bladdard died
 when he constructed some wings for himself,
 and flew into a wall.
 (laughter)
 - Nice one, mate.
 - It's so good.
 - What a waste.
 - 'Cause it sounds like the wings worked,
 but it was a directional issue that...
 (laughter)
 - It was his sat-down, yeah.
 He was like, he was a necromancer, supposedly,
 and so he kind of, he got the, you know,
 the devil to make him wings, and stuff like that.
 - Wow.
 - That was cool, eh?
 - That was really cool.
 - So, just very quickly,
 because I think a lot of, you know, we're in Bath,
 and so everyone here knows what we're talking about,
 but we do have a lot of overseas listeners,
 and I know it is famous, but these were Roman baths.
 These were built by the Romans,
 and they used to go in every single day.
 They used to swim.
 There was an, in the city as well.
 There's been festivals.
 It's a big deal that, after the back of the '70s,
 no one can swim because of this amoeba,
 because that was, the city is literally named for it.
 It's called Bath for it.
 And, apparently, the reason that this amoeba came around
 is because there used to be a roof over it,
 and the roof has gone now.
 And so the sunlight has caused for this amoeba to find itself.
 This is what I read on a tweet, and, wow.
 But it was from a tweet from someone
 who felt like they knew what they were talking about.
 You know, there was a solid hashtag next to it,
 and it was a historian,
 but supposedly there was a big roof that was over it,
 and because that's not--
 - So what do the roof, the roof--
 - Stop the sunlight,
 and the sunlight is what was attracting the amoeba.
 - Wow, 'cause they-- - I see.
 - Well, they say that the sunlight
 is the best disinfectant, don't they?
 But except in this case,
 when it causes a fatal brain-eating amoeba.
 It's always the second half. - That's the second half, yeah, yeah.
 - He's in the small print of sunlight.
 - There was a guy who, in 1999,
 a naked man jumped into the baths in Bath claiming--
 he was claiming to be Julius Caesar.
 He jumped into the baths, and he refused to get out,
 and there was a big standoff, because--
 - Well, he's the emperor, you can't just drag him out.
 Can you? - Exactly.
 And they didn't want to go in,
 maybe because of the amoeba thing,
 but they had to unplug it and then wait for it.
 It takes three hours to drain.
 - Really? - Well, they drained the whole thing.
 - They drained the whole thing, and then--
 - Mate, just drag him out into the steps and murder him.
 (audience laughing)
 Do it the Roman way. - That's too suspicious.
 - I mean, it sounds so fun.
 I don't know if there's anyone listening.
 Maybe there is who remembers this,
 but they used to hold things called the Roman rendezvous,
 and they were held for four nights during the bath festival,
 and this was in the '60s.
 You'd pay five shillings, and it was a huge party,
 and you'd all just jump around and swim in the baths,
 and then you'd go and dance the night away in the pump room.
 It sounds so fun.
 Like, 1,400 people will go to this big old bath party.
 - Sounds amazing. - Yeah.
 - Someone remembers it.
 - That's a screen that's 40 years too young to remember that.
 (audience laughing)
 - Oh, the baths are so rejuvenating.
 (audience laughing)
 - Well, that's the thing, Anna.
 You said that no one was cured from it,
 but I've checked some local newspaper archives,
 and apparently there was a guy called William Toop of Froome,
 who suffered from paralysis
 after getting into cold water to gather watercress,
 and he was cured,
 and there was someone else who was bottling wine
 in a cold damp cellar for several hours,
 and they were cured of their palsy,
 and there was someone who got colic
 after drinking stale beer in hot weather,
 and he got cured as well,
 so, you know, that's evidence for you.
 - Yeah.
 - I'm not even sure you can get ill
 from bottling wine in a cellar for seven hours,
 let alone then get cured by a bath,
 but maybe, it definitely does actually
 have some curative properties,
 like things like arthritis.
 - Sorry, is that how you get watercress?
 You have to go into some water to get it.
 - That's the name.
 - Ah.
 (audience laughing)
 - I'm very interested in that.
 I'm sorry.
 - Did you think it just grew naturally
 on the painted clay heads of those little things
 you make in year seven?
 - Yeah, I thought it was just like Cress.
 It's just Cress doesn't grow in water, does it?
 I don't know.
 - Well, why do you think they cold it?
 All those years ago,
 why do you think they cold it watercress?
 I've never given it even a second thought
 in my life why I still watercress.
 - Well, I'm a busy guy.
 - Where do you think seaweed's from?
 But just out of curiosity.
 (audience laughing)
 - Okay.
 - The baths used to be prescribed on the NHS
 until pretty recently.
 - Really?
 - Yeah, yeah, they actually had a deal.
 Bath did this bath.
 Buxton, which for overseas listeners
 is another big spa town in the UK,
 had deals with the NHS.
 They had contracts where people
 would get prescribed water treatments
 and you'd go in and be sent there for back
 and joint pain and stuff like that.
 And actually in World War II,
 there were really cool pictures if you look it up.
 Oh, no, sorry, I think it's after World War I,
 they decided that sitting soldiers,
 wounded soldiers in baths for long periods of time
 would help them recover more quickly.
 And you can see hospital rooms
 where instead of lying in beds,
 there were just lines of men who were submerged in baths,
 which they had to stay in for up to 42 hours.
 - Oh, wow.
 - Imagine how wrinkly you go.
 - Yeah, it's bruised.
 - Yeah.
 - So the, I'm sorry,
 bath dimension of rivals, spa town,
 but Harrogate has a spa as well.
 - Ooh.
 - I don't know guys, it sounds pretty good.
 So some of the treatments that you'd have,
 these are from the '20s in Harrogate spa.
 The sulphur electric bath, sounds pretty good.
 There was the beat.
 - The old combining electricity with a bath.
 - That's right.
 - I don't feel quite right.
 - It's like another toaster, it will, you know?
 - There was the peat bath,
 which used fresh peat from the Yorkshire Moors in P-E-A-T,
 you know, the peat that you put on the garden.
 - Yeah.
 - There was also--
 - I didn't think you meant peat.
 - Someone called Peter gets thrown.
 - Hey guys, I'm here.
 - Fresh peat.
 - Room for another?
 - What about a bit of fruit?
 - But there was also electric peat,
 where they put you in a bath full of peat
 and just ran a current through the peat.
 - Every patient got a fresh peat, okay?
 'Cause you don't want to have someone else's peat.
 That would be disgusting.
 Imagine some peat that someone else has been in.
 Ugh.
 So they use 25 tons of peat a week.
 25 tons.
 - That's a lot of peat.
 - That's so much.
 Do you think all the people who are called peat together
 weigh more than the amount they used in a week?
 - If it's 20 tons, yeah.
 - Yeah.
 - By quite a considerable amount.
 - Probably, yeah.
 Probably the mass doesn't stack up.
 - I've been to a rival spa as well.
 I've been to one in Budapest.
 Budapest has the most thermal spas
 in the whole of mainland Europe.
 Some more in Reykjavik,
 but in mainland Europe they have it.
 Unfortunately, when I went there,
 I'd left my swimming costume in the hotel.
 And so I thought, well, I'll just buy one when I get there.
 But they only rent them.
 (laughing)
 So I had to rent a swimming costume in Budapest.
 The good news is that the baths
 are very good for skin diseases.
 (laughing)
 - So it just balances out, doesn't it, at the end?
 - But can you request size?
 Or is it like a school's lost property box
 when you forget your swimmers?
 - I think they just looked at me and went,
 peat!
 (laughing)
 Very extra large.
 - Have you guys heard of the bath curse tablets?
 - Oh, no.
 - Oh, this is very cool.
 This is a collection of 130 Roman-era curse tablets.
 And they were discovered in 1979, 1980.
 And the idea was if someone stole something from you
 in bath, you could go to these tablets,
 which were connected to a goddess.
 And you could say,
 I want you to take over the investigation, goddess.
 And you can smite the person.
 And so the idea was if they went to that,
 the person who stole the thing might return it,
 'cause they were freaked out that,
 you know, suddenly a goddess was on the case.
 - It was a very low crime solving rate back then,
 wasn't it?
 That was their method.
 - But it's amazing, 'cause there's one thing,
 and they're not too sure yet,
 but it's written in sort of Latin
 as how they wrote on these tablets.
 But they're also written supposedly in British Celtic.
 And if it's the case that it is,
 and they still don't know,
 if it is the case that it is,
 it's the only example of British Celtic
 that we have that has survived on tablet form.
 Yeah, so historians are trying to work out
 whether or not that is the case.
 'Cause I know some of them are,
 and this is a really amazing discovery,
 which goes to show that Bath is the bitchiest place
 known to man.
 Because the only things that were found here
 when everyone excavated the Roman Baths
 was all these tablets saying,
 "I don't like them, so they stole my hair clip.
 "I want you to kill them."
 (audience laughing)
 It was all such disproportionate stuff,
 like Dosey Meadis has lost two gloves.
 So this is Dosey Meadis referring to himself
 in the third person, so already a bit of a dick.
 (audience laughing)
 Dosey Meadis has lost two gloves
 and asks that the thief responsible
 should lose their mind and eyes in the goddess's temple.
 (audience laughing)
 Come on.
 - That's disproportionate.
 - It is.
 - Dosey Meadis.
 It's probably thought, no, after he died,
 everyone's going, "No one will ever mention that guy again."
 (audience laughing)
 Well, I think we've got to move on, guys,
 to our next fact.
 - Oh, I've got one little eventual
 that someone had in a bath recently.
 - Great. - Yeah.
 - Save your personal stories, Andy.
 - This happened in 2017 in Texas.
 This is amazing.
 This happened to a woman called Charlesetta Williams.
 She was in the bath, she's 75 years old,
 and a tornado hit her house,
 and it ripped the roof off the house,
 and then it ripped the bath out of its moorings.
 - And she was in there.
 - She was in there.
 - Wow.
 - She was actually, she was in the bath
 with her 40-year-old son at the time,
 and it was-- - Sorry, how old?
 - How old?
 - 40. - 40?
 - Well, they were-- - 40-year-olds.
 - They were sheltering from the tornado.
 They weren't.
 (audience laughing)
 Who was it?
 I presume.
 (audience laughing)
 - Unless, as someone's called Pete,
 in which case, completely normal.
 (audience laughing)
 When they land, the tornado ripped her clothes off,
 it must have.
 (audience laughing)
 - Come on. - How did that happen?
 - Come on.
 This is very upsetting.
 They were fine.
 He was, he was tossed out of the bath by me.
 (audience laughing)
 Come on, come on, come on.
 (audience laughing)
 - The wind speed was about 130 miles an hour
 of the tornado.
 They didn't end up that far away from the house.
 It wasn't like they ended up miles away.
 They were in the garden at the end of it.
 - And were they, okay.
 I mean, does it have a happy ending?
 (audience laughing)
 - It is time for fact number two, and that is Andy.
 - My fact is that there is a Spanish firm
 which has six official ham sniffers.
 Their job is to poke pork loins,
 sniff them and make sure they're good.
 And at most they smell 800 hams a day.
 - Well, I have a question.
 Don't they all just smell of ham?
 - Well, that's to you and me.
 They absolutely would.
 But to these amazing experts.
 So this, you may have seen this.
 It, you know, did the rounds a bit online before Christmas,
 but it's such an incredible fact.
 Is this Spanish firm called Cinto Jotas.
 And it's a company that they sell hams.
 And they're 150 years old.
 They're a very ancient lineage firm.
 They produce very traditional Iberian ham
 from, you know, pigs which have been fed
 on special acorns, this kind of thing.
 And they have trained workers
 whose specific job exclusively,
 it's not like I do this for a couple of hours a day,
 their job is to smell the hams
 to make sure they're good before they go on sale.
 And they have little kind of pipettes
 or little kind of jabbers to jab the ham
 in four specific places.
 - And then they have to smudge it over, right?
 It is the most amazing jobs.
 And some people will be qualified
 to sniff some types of ham, but not other types of ham.
 - Yes. - What?
 - There's more than one type of ham.
 - There is a guy who is really good,
 but he is not qualified to sniff a particular bit of ham.
 - Wow. - His father is.
 He hasn't yet qualified
 to sniffing that particular bit of the ham.
 So they have five seasonal workers at Christmas time,
 but there is one guy who sniffs year in, year out.
 And you have to do each ham in four places.
 So he sniffs 3,200 times a day.
 - Yeah, but that's in the high season.
 Like on a usual day, he'll do 200 and going to 800,
 so 800 loins a day, he'll do 3,200 sniffs.
 And he says even that is pushing him to the edge,
 to the limit.
 That's one sniff every nine seconds.
 - Yeah, it's insane.
 - Assuming the standard data working day.
 - Yeah, but if he's only doing nine seconds per sniff,
 that says to me he's not really doing a very thorough job.
 - Well, he accusation leveled.
 - Yeah, he's very proud.
 - He's called Mr. Vega, and he says the job that he is doing
 pushes him at the limit of human possibility.
 It's just, it's amazing.
 It was in the Wall Street Journal.
 It's just such a good piece.
 It's so interesting.
 - And they do say that if you can't tell straight away,
 then you're not doing it right.
 So they say it's really gotta be an immediate instinctive thing.
 - Oh, okay.
 - So, you know, really you should be doing more.
 - Yeah, they do tests where they take a smell
 and they put it into, so let's say they'll take
 five milliliters per liter of a smell
 and pop it into some water,
 and then they'll put it into plastic cups,
 and you'll have to then sniff the cup.
 And because a plastic cup,
 the odor of the cup itself will take over,
 there's a sort of time limit of about an hour or so
 where that starts taking over.
 So the younger--
 - I think it's, I thought it was a couple of minutes
 of the smell of plastic.
 - Oh, wow, really, okay.
 - Surely it doesn't take us an hour to smell plastic.
 - No, 'cause some of the smellers,
 according to the Wall Street Journal article,
 they take ages sniffing it,
 but Mr. Vega, this guy who pushes himself
 to the limit of human possibility,
 he says, "If you doubt yourself, you cannot do the work."
 And then, according to the article,
 taps himself on the chest,
 and he says, "If you doubt one,
 you have to doubt all of them."
 So he's like, "You've got to make your decision now."
 He's an amazing guy, yeah.
 - So was this also in the article
 about Christina Sanchez Blanco,
 who's the first woman to be head ham sniffer at Cinco Yotas?
 - Oh.
 - Because I read that she has such a good sense of smell
 that whenever her husband buys her a gift,
 she knows what it is before she unwraps it.
 (audience laughing)
 - Wow.
 - He keeps buying her cowl pads though, doesn't he?
 - Apparently, if he buys her perfume,
 he has to quadruple wrap it
 so that she won't be able to smell it.
 - That's so funny, good.
 I thought, yeah, I didn't realise at first
 that you were talking about things like perfume.
 I said, I thought she'd be able to say...
 - This is an Xbox.
 (audience laughing)
 - It's a book by George Elliot, I think.
 Hang on, it's one of the earlier ones.
 (audience laughing)
 But this, like, the accuracy of the nose
 depends on their exterior life as well.
 So Mr. Vega, talking of perfume,
 he says he wishes and hopes
 that his wife never changes perfume,
 because if she does, that alters his no-sense.
 Like, he went through a bit of a chaotic time
 when he swapped to a new anti-bolding shampoo,
 and that absolutely messed with his nostrils,
 'cause he was like, it was so potent,
 it threw him off and he couldn't do his job well.
 - Quite difficult people to be married to, really.
 So this poor woman either, you know,
 A, can't change her perfume,
 and B, her husband's now bald.
 And then Sanchez Blanco, Miss Sanchez Blanco,
 who you mentioned, James,
 she said that her husband's a policeman,
 and then at the moment he comes home,
 she tells him every day about the day he's had
 before he can say a word,
 'cause she can smell it on him.
 - What?
 - Whether it's like gasoline from a car crash, she says,
 soot from a fire, dander from a rescued pet.
 - God, you wouldn't risk having an affair, would you?
 - No.
 - Well, you might, if you had an affair
 with like a butcher or something,
 then that would be okay, wouldn't it?
 Because all they get is the smell of the meat,
 and just assume it was off their own clothes and stuff.
 - Also, in this quite small town,
 it sounds like he's having
 a much more action-packed police life than you should.
 Are we sure he's not just dousing himself
 to cover his affair with soot just before he gets home,
 or smothering himself in sausages
 to catch the sausage bang?
 - Do you know that Wafer Thin Ham has up to 25% water?
 They've recently done a study of this,
 and they found that like,
 when they get this Wafer Thin Stuff,
 most of it is actually water,
 not most of it, but like a quarter of it
 can be actually water.
 And so that means that if you have 100 gram pack
 of Wafer Thin Ham, which costs about 90p,
 that means, and it's 28% water, say,
 that means you're paying 25p just for the water,
 which means you're paying the equivalent of like,
 a five pounds for a very small bottle of water,
 that's the equivalent.
 It's only eight times less expensive
 than Belle Delphine's Bathwater.
 (laughing)
 - Gosh.
 - You know Linda McCartney, who makes vegetarian--
 - Yeah, yes.
 - Which she doesn't anymore.
 - But veggie, yeah.
 - Veggie stuff.
 This is, someone sent this as ages ago,
 and I just remembered it.
 She, the factory that makes her vegetarian fake meat
 is in Fakern Ham.
 - What? - No.
 - Fakern Ham.
 - No.
 - Yeah.
 So I don't know, did she choose it specifically?
 Did she?
 - That's amazing.
 - Where is it?
 Where's Fakern Ham?
 - Do you know, I actually,
 does anyone know where Fakern Ham is?
 - Oh, Fakern Ham.
 - Norfolk.
 - Norfolk.
 - Yeah.
 - Great.
 - Right.
 - Yeah.
 - Wow.
 - That's why we've never heard of it.
 - That's really good.
 (laughing)
 - Pro sniffing things, professional sniffers.
 This is a thing, and there are lots of,
 lots of different kinds of professional sniffer
 all the way across the world.
 So there are people who sniff armpits for a living.
 There's a man called Barry Druitt,
 who genuinely works for a firm called
 Princeton Consumer Research,
 and he's spent 20 years smelling armpits.
 - You haven't explained why.
 - Great point.
 Cosmetics companies send this firm,
 Princeton Consumer Research,
 all their products which have different active ingredients.
 So he smells armpits of volunteers,
 rates how smelly they are,
 and then they use the deodorant or whatever it is,
 and he will rate how well it manages to mask them.
 So a firm might have six different kinds
 of potential new deodorant,
 and he will assess which one is best.
 But he doesn't like smelling armpits, he said.
 He thinks they're disgusting.
 - Well, you know, a job's a job, isn't it?
 (laughing)
 - A job's a job.
 - You should have said it in the interview,
 shouldn't you?
 (laughing)
 What they said in the interview,
 do you like smelling armpits?
 He should have gone, no, I don't, actually.
 (laughing)
 - Well, if you liked it, that would actually be bad,
 because you wouldn't want a deodorant
 to mask the smell of an armpit.
 - That's a good point.
 He needs someone who hates the work.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - But he doesn't have to do it nose-to-pit, as it were.
 He has these smell cones that he sniffs through.
 You get specific smell cones,
 which are for sampling smells.
 - And you put the pad under your armpit, don't you?
 I think people donate. - No, no, no.
 He goes into the pit.
 - He goes into the pit.
 - But he has got a cone kind of caught on sanitaire
 of little paper cones.
 - I see, 'cause sometimes they do it with an armpit pad.
 I think maybe if they've got a bit of extra budget,
 and there's a company called Cavern Care,
 which is an Indian cosmetics company.
 And they say they have a real problem
 with women's deodorant,
 as in they have a shortage of volunteers to donate sweat,
 because women, in particular in India,
 women is a bit taboo to donate your sweat to be smelled.
 I actually thought that was sort of taboo worldwide,
 but apparently particularly in India.
 - In lighter news, there was a great story today,
 which Andy showed me,
 which a dog that was lost in a forest
 was taken out of the forest, rescued,
 because a drone held off a string,
 a sausage for it to sniff and chase.
 And I think it must have been its sense of smell
 that was helping guide it, not just the visual.
 - Obviously it was its sense of smell.
 - Well, you can see a sausage.
 You can see a sausage in there.
 - They held the barbecue on the beach
 to lure the dog towards a particular bit of the marshland
 to keep it safe.
 So it was definitely a sense of smell thing.
 - Hang on, I thought you said
 they were hanging a sausage from a drone.
 - They did a lot of things to find this dog.
 - How special a dog was this?
 - It's a very loved dog.
 - Was it the Queen's dog?
 - It wasn't the Queen's dog, it was, yeah.
 - Speaking of dogs, actually,
 they have, obviously you have sniffer dogs
 in airports quite often.
 And there was a report in 2015
 of the sniffer dogs at Manchester Airport.
 And apparently in the previous 12 months,
 they had failed to spot a single person
 carrying heroin or cocaine over the border.
 But they had found 181 kilograms of illegal meat.
 (audience laughing)
 Small amounts of cheese, but no drugs.
 - That's so good.
 - There's a Dustin Hoffman quote
 that I always think about,
 which is to do with dogs as well.
 And it's attributed to him.
 And I really hope he said it.
 But the line goes, if a lot of dogs are on the beach,
 the first thing they do is smell each other's ass.
 The information that's gotten somehow makes pacifists
 out of them all.
 I've thought, if only we smelled each other's asses,
 there wouldn't be any war.
 And I don't know why, but I think about that all the time.
 (audience laughing)
 - I am saying that is not one of Dustin's best.
 - No?
 It's not up there whether you try to seduce me,
 Mrs. Robinson.
 (audience laughing)
 Yes, you are.
 That's a cut scene from the movie.
 Dustin, stop sniffing her, please.
 - Okay, it is time for fact number three,
 and that is James.
 - Okay, my fact this week is that until it was identified
 by an art dealer in 1975,
 Donatello's bronze, the Madonna and Child,
 was being used as an ashtray and a tiddlywink bowl.
 So yeah, this was Donatello,
 one of the, maybe the greatest sculpture
 of the early Renaissance.
 And he made this kind of bronze roundel.
 And these days, it's like one of the best things
 you can see in the V&A, one of the most expensive things.
 But we think, basically, it was given to this family,
 and then it was taken by a guy called Lord Malton,
 when he was on the grand tour, he bought it,
 he brought it back, and then generations and generations
 and generations of people in his family
 just kind of saw it as a little bowl.
 It's kind of, it's like a candy bowl, it's quite small.
 You might not know it was from Donatello if you didn't know,
 but then one day, they brought it to the V&A
 on what they call an options day.
 It's a bit like Antiques Roadshow,
 where you say, how much is this worth?
 And they went, oh yeah, it looks like a tiddlywink bowl.
 Then a few weeks, a few years later, sorry,
 the head of the V&A was seeing this person and said,
 you know what, that's a Donatello.
 And they brought it back, and it's completely priceless.
 But they were just using it to play tiddlywink.
 - So funny. - So funny.
 - That's so weird that you say it looked like a sweet bowl,
 because it sort of was.
 - It was a thing called a Desco D'Aparto,
 when Donatello made it, which is called a birth tray.
 And it's a tray that you fill up with sweets
 and you bring to a mother when she's just given birth.
 - 'Cause a birth tray sounds like a tray you would give birth on,
 and if someone showed you that tiny little thing,
 you'd think.
 - Yeah, I just thought we could talk about tiddlywinks.
 What do you think? - Yeah.
 - In all the different countries,
 got lots of different names.
 In France, it's called the game of the flea.
 In Croatian, it's called jumping flea.
 In Danish, it's called the flea game.
 In Russian, it's called the game of fleas.
 In Spanish, it's called the game of the flea.
 In Ukraine, it's called game of fleas.
 And we call it tiddlywinks.
 And it appears that we got the word tiddlywinks
 from an unlicensed alcohol shop.
 - Really? - Yeah.
 - What do you mean?
 - As in the word tiddlywink used to mean
 a place where you could get beer, but it wasn't licensed.
 And then we kind of stole that name
 and used it as a game instead.
 - Should we say what tiddlywinks is?
 Sorry, for the benefit of any listeners
 who are not familiar with tiddlywinks.
 - Okay. - Yeah.
 It's a little game where you have plastic counters
 and you have to sort of flip the plastic counters
 using other plastic counters into a bowl.
 And you can, you shoot a wink.
 And that's a, you have a special plastic
 which you shoot with, which is called a shooter,
 but it's also known as a squidger.
 You shoot your wink.
 And if you get it in the target, great.
 But you might fail to do that,
 but cover an opponent's wink, which is good.
 And if you've done that, you've swapped their wink
 and they then can't wink anymore with that.
 - Well, this all sounds very clear.
 - Yeah. - I'm glad you cleared this up.
 - It's full of a lot of really silly.
 - But actually that thing where if you,
 if you tiddle your wink onto someone else's wink
 and they're not allowed to tiddle that wink,
 that used to be really, really looked down upon.
 And you, like, that was really bad form if you did that.
 Now it's part of the game, but it used to be,
 you know, you'll, if you did that in the wild west,
 you'd get shot.
 (laughing)
 And I'd love to walk into the salute bar
 where there's a poker game at one table,
 blackjacket at another one, and then the tiddly-wink corner.
 - And everyone's dead.
 - You know, you can also perform a boondock.
 And a boondock is when you free a squopped wink
 by sending it all the way away.
 So that's a boondock.
 - But how do you send it?
 So that's, a squopped wink is a wink
 that's covered by another wink.
 - Yeah, so you, yeah, so you, you--
 - How do you free it?
 - You free it by using your wink
 to fire at your squopped wink,
 and you knock the squop away.
 So you free your wink.
 However, there's another move then,
 which is a simultaneous boondock and squop,
 whereby you boondock someone.
 So your wink has been squopped,
 but you, you-- - But you boondock it free.
 - You boondock it free, but then your wink lands on top.
 - You squop someone else in the middle of boondocking.
 - You squop someone else in the middle of boondocking.
 - Yes, yes, fuck!
 And that, for some inexplicable reason,
 is called the John Lennon Memorial Shot.
 (audience laughing)
 - There are so many versions of it.
 That's what I love.
 So it's a big craze in the 1890s,
 and then it fell out of fashion.
 But there were all these sort of
 late Victorian, Edwardian versions of it.
 So there's Tiddly Wink 10, there's Tiddly Winks Golf,
 Winko Baseball, Battle Winks,
 which is battleships with Tiddly Winks.
 There's Pedro, where you have to get in,
 there's a clown's mouth
 that you're trying to wink your winks into.
 In 1992, there was Widdly Tinks,
 where you have to, there's a toilet,
 and that's the target.
 - Ah!
 - It is clever.
 - Yeah.
 - Well, it started as Tiddly Winks, of course,
 and then no one knows why the Vs fell out.
 But as I'm sure you all know here,
 it was Chris and Tiddly Winks
 by Joseph Asherton Fincher, or Ass Heaton Fincher.
 A-W-S-H, I don't know.
 And he invented it in 1889
 and got the patent for Tiddly Winks.
 And I was trying, going through the British newspaper,
 I'm trying to pinpoint the moment
 that we definitively lost the D.
 And I think it's roughly 1920.
 Okay, so you're interested.
 - Oh, right.
 - But it really took off again with Oxford and Cambridge
 competing against each other in the '60s, didn't it?
 And it became a real source of pride for Cambridge,
 and they had this notorious match.
 And it was in 1958,
 and it was a guy called Peter Downs,
 who was head of the Tiddly Winks Society at Cambridge.
 And he wrote to Prince Philip saying,
 "Prince Philip, have you noticed
 "there's been an article written in the spectator
 "claiming you cheat at Tiddly Winks?"
 There was a satirical article that had been written.
 And he said, "Would you care to defend your honor
 "by playing us, Cambridge University at Tiddly Winks?"
 And Prince Philip wrote back saying very politely,
 "I'd absolutely love to, bit busy.
 "But perhaps I could nominate someone in my place."
 And he nominated the Goons.
 So there was this bizarre match.
 The Goon show, which was Peter Sellers,
 Spike Milligan, and Harry Seacham,
 it was the biggest thing on radio at the time
 for the comedy show.
 And the Royal Family were big fans.
 So yeah, he sent them along to do it.
 - Yeah, which apparently they tried to get the Goons
 to play the Tiddly Winks, Cambridge had before.
 And so it was so great,
 they managed to get to the Royal Family,
 and they had a Royal instruction to go.
 So they had to, and they played Cambridge University.
 And I was watching the video of the,
 when the umpire kind of launched the big match.
 And he read out a letter from Prince Philip,
 which I still don't know if Prince Philip wrote it himself,
 or if it was a bit of satire from the umpire,
 but I hope he wrote it himself.
 And the letter said, "Give my best wishes to both teams,
 "but try if you can to do it in such a way
 "that you convey that I wish the Cambridge team to lose."
 (audience laughing)
 Then I had hoped to join my champions,
 but unfortunately, while practicing secretly,
 I pulled an important muscle in the second,
 or Tiddly joint, of my winking finger.
 (audience laughing)
 - And then in the end,
 unfortunately, Cambridge did win, didn't they?
 - They did.
 - 120.5 to 50.5.
 - A walkover.
 - Yeah, it really was.
 The students were in full evening dress all the way through.
 The Goons were wearing yellow night shirts
 with a Royal Tiddly Wink tie on that.
 And the game finished with Harry Seacum
 singing a special Tiddly Winks anthem.
 (audience laughing)
 - And it was a big deal.
 Like, this was the big moment
 for the Tiddly Winks community in the UK.
 - Not for the Goons.
 They had bigger moments.
 - No, they offered Tiddly Winks.
 - But it was the big moment for the Tiddly Winks.
 - Or for the UK.
 - Or for the University of Cambridge.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 It was, but Tiddly Winks got a big moment there.
 And interestingly, so that was on the 1st of March, 1958.
 On the 10th of March, 1958, Spike Milligan in the time
 since the match, and the next Goonshow being recorded
 and going out, wrote an episode of the Goonshow
 called Tiddly Winks, in which after the hands
 of the defeated Cambridge, Nettie Seagoon,
 who Harry Seacum played, seeks his gameful revenge,
 and the whole episode.
 So again, broadcasting to millions and millions,
 Tiddly Winks became this big thing.
 And there's a Facebook page,
 which is the official Tiddly Winks organization in the UK.
 They have a Facebook page.
 There's only about 400 people who follow it.
 - Really old me.
 - Only 400.
 - Yeah, but who thought it would be
 in the low hundreds of thousands?
 - Oh yeah, the content is slamming.
 And there's a guy on there called David Lockwood.
 And he says, this is from his post.
 He says, "Prince Philip did more to expand
 "our noble game of Tiddly Winks than anyone else in the world.
 "I tell people that his sponsorship of the Goonsmatch
 "of 1958 created an extensive publicity.
 "And by the early 1960s, there were more than 200 clubs
 "in the British Isles.
 "Prince Philip continued to support Tiddly Winks
 "through the establishment.
 "He'd made a silver-wink trophy and he backed
 "the 50th anniversary in 2008."
 So he was big.
 - It's one of those sports that I'm afraid America
 has trounced Britain at consistently
 for a couple of decades now, yeah.
 They're much better at Tiddly Winks
 than British people now, the British players.
 I'm really sorry.
 There was an article in the LA Times in 2019
 about the kind of Federer and Nadal of Tiddly Winks.
 They were called Larry Kahn and,
 oh, I think it's David Lockwood is the other one, yeah.
 Yeah, Kahn and Lockwood are the two.
 Anyway, 2019, they reported on this match
 that Kahn was playing in Cambridge.
 And I'm quoting directly here.
 "He'd flown over from Washington, D.C. on economy.
 "Nobody asked for an autograph or to pose for a selfie.
 "Kahn's privacy hasn't been invaded
 "by being the most successful Tiddly Winks player
 "of all time.
 "The man who was officiating the match he played
 "in Cambridge, quoting here,
 "emailed the members of the English Tiddly Winks Association
 "to encourage them to come and watch.
 "In the following five hours of play, nobody did."
 And that's him emailing the English Tiddly Winks Association.
 If they're not turning up, I know.
 That's sad. I think one of the reasons is
 because it used to be illegal to play Tiddly Winks
 in the UK in a pub without a licence.
 -What? -No.
 In the UK in a pub without a licence.
 -Wow. -Yeah.
 So there was a Tiddly Winks match.
 In fact, it was a marathon.
 The Tiddly Winks marathon over 15 yards at the York Beer Festival
 on the 3rd of November, 1970.
 And this was supposed to take place.
 This was an article in the Daily Mirror that I found.
 But it was called off because the police rang up and said,
 "No, it's illegal to do that without a licence."
 Was this a gambling thing, or is it dangerous?
 It was for money.
 It was for charity, they were doing it.
 And they said, "There's certain games
 "that you're allowed to do in pubs if there's money involved."
 And Tiddly Winks wasn't on that list.
 And so they weren't allowed to do it.
 And so they replaced it with a marathon of blowing peas
 through a straw.
 Hang on. And that was on the list of things you were allowed to do in pubs.
 -Wasn't counted as a spot. -I see.
 Actually, there is a genuine crisis in the world of Tiddly Winks happening now,
 and it's that there is a massive wink shortage.
 And it's a problem because most of the winks that are being used these days
 were made a long time ago.
 There are not firms making Tiddly Winks these days.
 So even the Cambridge match I just mentioned from 2019,
 they'd be using 1980s winks.
 -No. -Yeah.
 -Really? -What were we using with Tiddly Winks?
 My winks weren't from the 1980s, and I was using them.
 The supplier has gone bust, so this is a problem.
 And there are hopes that 3D printing will save the day.
 -Right. -Fingers crossed.
 Well, I don't know if it is as young and vibrant as one might want it to be,
 because if you look at the list of Tiddly Winks champions,
 I think you mentioned Lockwood and Kahn.
 I would say they are more the Djokovic Nadal and the Nadal Federer
 are Kahn and Patrick Barry, the British...
 So who's the guy who doesn't like vaccines?
 Yeah.
 Look, they're all very well vaccinated, and it's social distance matches,
 and I have no idea.
 But basically, Patrick Barry is a British chemical engineering lecturer at Cambridge,
 and he has been playing Larry Kahn on and off since they first met in 1995.
 -Right. -So that's a good 26 years.
 Even in 1995, Kahn had been going for 15 years,
 so he's basically been going for 40 years, this guy.
 They need fresh blood, I think, in the Tiddly Winks game.
 Yeah, maybe. Patrick Barry is sponsored by a type of whiskey, isn't he?
 Yeah, basically, the whiskey company have decided
 that they don't want to sponsor Cristiana Ronaldo or Federer on Nadal or anyone like that.
 They want a real person who is passionate about their spot,
 and so they found Patrick Barry, who is the world's singles champion at Tiddly Winks.
 Is it possible they looked at the cost of getting Federer to be sponsored to sponsor the whiskey?
 If you look at this 24-year-old whiskey from Cameron Bridge grain distillery,
 it has a picture of the Tiddly Winks champion on the label.
 -Amazing. -Awesome.
 Apparently, it has waves of vanilla, peppery spiciness,
 and the taste of pencil shavings.
 Mmm.
 I think it's really exciting that this exists, and I think there should be.
 When you read the Facebook page, and if you ever get a chance,
 I encourage everyone listening to go and check out Newswink,
 the newsletter by the official Tiddly Winks.
 -Have you read Winking World? That's another one? -No.
 -I haven't even gone there. -Winking World is another very good one.
 They recently ran a 12-page biography of Alan Dean.
 -No. How did they confine that to 12 pages? -Wait, I know.
 It's a genuine... Winking World 101 said,
 "Most of your comments on WW100 were broadly the same.
 "This is all very well, but why isn't there a 12-page biography of Alan Dean?
 "Well, dear reader, I aim to please."
 And there was a 12-page biography of Alan Dean.
 It is time for our final fact of the show, and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that there is such a thing as bendy rocks.
 Mmm.
 But this is, I mean, it sounds bullshit, but it's true.
 There are genuine bendy rocks in the world,
 so there is a sandstone, it's called Itacolomite,
 and it's not found in many places in the world.
 You get it in Brazil, you get it in North Carolina,
 you get it in Georgia, there's a town in India,
 you get it... I'm sure it's other places,
 but they've only been found in sparse areas around the world.
 And this is a rock where basically you should watch videos online.
 It wobbles when it's held on either side in a way that rocks don't.
 And it's because...
 (LAUGHTER)
 It's because in the inside of the rock, there's quartz,
 and there's these interlinking bits,
 these interlocking sort of bendy bits inside
 that hold the quartz together, and there's voids in them,
 which means there's bits of space where they just find themselves
 having a bit of flexibility,
 but there's enough of them that the whole thing can bend.
 So it's not like if you're walking along the mountain,
 you're on jelly the whole time.
 It's not like that. You have to get quite a thin slab,
 and then you can see it wobble a little bit.
 Yeah, exactly. Yeah, and it's just...
 You know, if there was one thing we were certain of in life,
 is that rocks don't bend.
 (LAUGHTER)
 So I was fascinated to learn that they actually do.
 And actually, interestingly, it turns out all rocks bend.
 They just don't do it as quickly as old bendy may over here.
 What they do is, if you see...
 And you can see rocks all over through, like, even on the side of cliffs,
 where you notice that they have this kind of bend in them.
 Over many millions of years. Exactly, but over millions of years.
 A pressure, if there's a pressure on the side of a rock,
 it will slowly bend to the pressure.
 Yes, it takes thousands, if not millions of years,
 but if you've got the time...
 (LAUGHTER)
 ...if you can bend any rock...
 Yeah.
 Is there a use for this bendy rock?
 I'm sorry to be all practical.
 Um...
 Bouncy castles? Like, actual castles?
 What? Where you have the bendy?
 (LAUGHTER)
 Awesome.
 I'm not sure we have enough of it, or if it's been studied enough
 to know if it's useful for practical things like building or so on.
 So the example that I've got on the screen here for the audience tonight
 is from Leeds University. That's in their archives.
 So they obviously send it to universities around the world,
 going, "Look, a fucking bendy rock!"
 (LAUGHTER)
 So it's obviously a new... That's very cool.
 Yeah. Do you want to hear about another magic rock?
 Yes, please. There are magic rocks around the world
 which are the opposite of seismometers, OK?
 So they tell you when there's not an earthquake.
 Bingo. Bingo.
 I have a feeling I can do that anyway.
 You probably could. You probably could.
 Is it when they're not moving?
 That means there's no earthquake.
 Yes, yes, but they're even more magical than that.
 Imagine, they're called PBRs. They're precariously balanced rocks.
 Oh, yes.
 They're rocks that look like they should fall over any minute now,
 but they're still standing. And if you know, you know,
 how long they've been there, they're reverse seismometers.
 They tell you they haven't fallen over. There hasn't been an earthquake
 in that set period of time that they've been balanced.
 So this is really useful, because if you want to build a nuclear plant,
 you want to build it somewhere where there hasn't been an earthquake
 for a very, very long time, or a bridge or whatever.
 So you build it right underneath a precariously balanced rock.
 Exactly. Yeah.
 And so these are really useful.
 That's amazing, but aren't that many of them?
 No, there aren't that many. It's not that useful, actually.
 No, I say it.
 I can think of one, this isn't a rock so much as a virus,
 but there is a thing called a Medusa virus.
 I think it might be useful in Bath, because it can turn amoebas into rocks.
 Oh, really?
 Isn't that clever, yeah?
 So when the virus goes into the amoeba,
 it kind of makes this kind of rocky shell over itself
 and turns itself into a rock.
 That's incredible. Isn't that cool?
 But there's the amoeba still inside.
 The amoeba's still living inside, yeah.
 Oh, yeah. What a horrible way to go.
 Yeah, that's great, though.
 So Bath's Mark could become a rock pool, which would be awesome.
 Is that a thing here? It's in Australia, yeah.
 Yeah, we have rock pools in this country, yeah.
 Yeah, but we've also got watercress.
 It doesn't mean we've all thought about these things.
 I've got a magic rock to accompany yours.
 You can get rock, that is...
 I think we actually mentioned this once on No Such Thing As A News,
 the long-lost TV show we once did.
 But you can get rock that is as soft as butter,
 that you put your finger in it and it bends like clay.
 And this happened.
 It's quite rare, but it happens for instance,
 cavers are told to look out for it.
 It happens when people are making big quarries,
 they come across it.
 And it essentially happens when rock's being dissolved,
 so limestone can be dissolved by very salty waters around it
 or acidic waters around it.
 But sometimes a bit of rock will be dissolved,
 but then it will be surrounded by other rocks,
 so the rock doesn't dissolve and then flow away.
 It just gets trapped, this soft, dissolved bit of rock inside another rock.
 And so apparently when you're caving sometimes or when you're quarrying,
 you'll tap through a bit of rock,
 and then suddenly you'll think it's rock solid
 and you'll put your finger in, just penetrates all the way through like magic.
 - Why is that dangerous? - Sorry?
 - Why is it dangerous? - Why is it?
 - It's not? - Oh.
 I thought you said that people were told to look out for it and stuff.
 - Oh, no, it wasn't like... - Look out for it, like, you know,
 look out for that adorable squirrel, you know.
 - Ah, right. - It's not, look out!
 - Right, sorry. - Look out.
 - Look out! - Wow.
 Do you want to hear some rock-related words and maybe guess what they are?
 - Yes. - So these are kind of mining-related, I would say.
 So, can you guess what a bottom steward is?
 - Bottom steward. - Bottom steward.
 Is Dustin Hoffman played this role, actually?
 - Someone who looks after the lifts in the mine. - Pretty close.
 It's someone who looks after the people who work at the bottom of the pit.
 - Oh, okay. Nice. - Back ripper.
 - Back ripper. - No, it's someone who removes the old supports.
 So when you're going away from somewhere, you get all the supports from behind you
 and then you put them in front of you, so you're ripping them away from the back.
 - Oh, okay. - That's so clever.
 - Do you know what a glory hole is? - Yes.
 Well, I think I thought I did.
 Perhaps they've got time for that sort of business down the bottom of a mine, though.
 Everyone's got to let us steam at the end of the day.
 - No, I've no idea. - If you have that rock
 that you could just put your finger in, then maybe no, no.
 Is it a way of seeing from different mining tunnels to each other?
 No, it's just what miners call an extremely impressive excavation on the surface.
 They call that a glory hole.
 Can I just quickly tell you something about glory holes?
 Oh, yeah, go on.
 Finally, we're on that subject, are we?
 I remember, so when COVID first kicked off,
 the EU had a bunch of recommendations for how to avoid getting it.
 And there was, and I was on the EU legal side of the website,
 a recommendation that you take advantage of glory holes
 to stop yourself from contracting the disease.
 Um...
 Wait, that's how you have sex through, right?
 - Yes, yes, yes, yes. - Yeah.
 Yeah, yeah. And it's in the EU law.
 It feels like there might be other diseases that you're leaving yourself open for.
 I just saw people walking around with a dart, didn't you, with a hole in them.
 I know that the oldest glory... We're just on glory hole facts now.
 But the oldest glory hole in Australia is in a museum, I think, in Perth.
 And there was a big argument about whether this should be allowed to be in a museum,
 because, you know, it's a glory hole.
 But they were saying, well, it's a really important part of the LGBTQ community
 in Perth and in Western Australia.
 I mean, how old is it? Is it like Caveman?
 And is it an interactive exhibit?
 LAUGHTER
 Have you seen, Dan, have you seen those things at the seaside
 where you put your head through and you get a photograph?
 It's like that.
 I know it's my fault we're on this, but let's go back to your raw vocabulary.
 No, no, I was going to say...
 Oh, do you know the word bougie?
 - Oh. - It was a particular, fast-drying type of cement
 that you would pump into the bottom of a mine to give you a flaw.
 - Cool. Really? - That was known as bougie.
 - Yeah. Isn't that cool? - Mining is so cool.
 Mining is... Some mines are so deep that the lifts can't go all the way down
 because the lift cable is so heavy that you have to stop
 because the lift would snap under the weight of the cable.
 So you have to go down to a certain level and get into a new lift
 and go all the way down to the bottom.
 - Wow. - The technology that they have is just crazy.
 So that's taller, like, it goes deeper than the Burj Al Khalif, for example.
 - Well, no, I think they have to have more than one lift as well.
 - Oh, there's more than one lift there, right? - Yeah, same issue as skyscrapers.
 - Oh, wow. Tracey Eman, the artist, married a rock a few years ago.
 - The rock are... - No, just a rock, sadly. Sadly for her.
 She found a rock in her garden and she said, "I'm marrying this rock."
 She was 52. She wore her father's funeral shroud for the marriage.
 And she said, "It's not going anywhere. It will be there waiting for me."
 And she said, "The stone I married is beautiful and dignified.
 "It will never let me down."
 They divorced two years later.
 - Do you know what's mad about that?
 It's that I'm pretty sure I was reading an interview with Tracey Eman recently
 and her mum wanted to call her "pebble."
 I'm fairly certain that's right. And her mum really wanted to call her "pebble."
 And I think the doctors at the hospital said, "We can't let you call your daughter "pebble."
 - Because you'll be fucked up if you do. - What?
 - Why would they say that? The doctors? - They said, "It's not a good name."
 - They said, "It's not a proper name." - Well, tell that to Fred Flintstone.
 Okay, that is it. That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you would like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we've said
 over the course of this podcast, we can all be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Shrieberland.
 - Andy. - @AndrewHunterM.
 - James. - @JamesHarkin.
 - And Anna. - You can email podcast@QI.com.
 Yep, or you can go to our group account, which is @NoSuchThing or our website.
 NoSuchThingIsTheFish.com. All of our previous episodes are up there.
 Do check them out.
 And I just want to say, Beth, thank you so much.
 That was so much fun. We love being here every time.
 And we'll come back again.
 And everyone else who's at home listening right now, thank you for listening.
 We'll be back again next week with another episode.
 We'll see you all then. Goodbye!
 [ Cheers and applause ]
 [ Cheers and applause ]
 [ Cheers and applause ]
 [ Cheers and applause ]
 [ Cheers and applause ]
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
