 (tapping sound)
 (speaking in foreign language)
 (tapping sound)
 (speaking in foreign language)
 (upbeat music)
 Hello and welcome to another episode
 of no such thing as a fish, a weekly podcast,
 this week coming to you from the Brighton Dome!
 (cheering and applause)
 My name is Dan Schreiber
 and I'm sitting here with Anna Chazinski,
 Andrew Hunter, Murray, and James Harkin.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days
 and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with you, Chazinski.
 - My fact this week is that until the 17th century,
 mothers hung their babies up on hooks while they worked.
 (laughing)
 - It's amazing.
 - You just hung them up like a coat.
 (laughing)
 - Were they, is it, yeah, is it like,
 everyone who works at the same place has a number
 above their hook and a-- - Oh, look at the cloakroom.
 - Yeah, yeah. - Like if you go to the restaurant,
 do you just leave your baby in the cloakroom?
 - Yeah, and if you lose your ticket,
 you're absolutely pockets.
 (laughing)
 - Can you describe it?
 Well, it is small, it's not got much hair
 and it's like Winston Churchill.
 (laughing)
 - This is genuinely true.
 So this baby needs to be swaddled for long periods
 of history, it was thought that it was good for them
 to be very tightly swaddled, wrapped up in material.
 So their limbs could grow straight, that was the belief.
 And once they were swaddled, then they would just be
 latched onto a hook that was maybe in your house,
 if you were doing the house work,
 or sometimes mothers would be working out
 in the field, doing agricultural work,
 and you could hook them onto a tree,
 like a bit of twig, and that was how they did it.
 - Wow.
 - Is that where the rocker by baby kind of thing comes from?
 - Ooh.
 - You're not rocking them, really.
 You're swinging them if you're doing anything.
 'Cause he's on a tree top.
 - Right.
 - He's definitely in a vessel lying down comfortably,
 not just like--
 - Just a small baby from the tree side.
 (laughing)
 - Yeah, keep holding your tear care to a baby.
 We'll disappear, it doesn't work.
 (laughing)
 - So this used to happen all over the place.
 In Sweden, women would carry their children
 in what was called a bog.
 Just put your baby in the bog.
 Baby bog.
 - What was it?
 - It was a bag.
 (laughing)
 - Sounds like a typo.
 (laughing)
 - Yeah, it's where we get the word bag from,
 but it was a leather container shaped into a bag.
 - Oh really?
 - Same principle.
 - There's actually still a thing today
 in amongst indigenous North Americans,
 where there's a thing called cradle boards,
 and these have been a thing for hundreds of years,
 and they're sort of flat boards that you strap a baby to,
 and in a very similar way,
 you can then hang them on a tree or lean them against a tree,
 and they were very commonly used,
 and there were a few tribes like the shoe,
 or the Iroquois, or the Cherokee,
 who were all kind of bringing them back
 in a sort of artisan way.
 They're really beautiful if you look them up,
 and therefore hanging babies up.
 - And actually they think that carrying babies
 or having like bogs or bags or whatever to put babies in,
 is probably one of the biggest inventions
 in the history of mankind.
 - Wow.
 - It's up there with like, you know,
 writing and the wheel and fire and all that kind of stuff.
 - Is it?
 - That's how I read it.
 - Well, it meant that mothers could carry food
 as well as carrying the child.
 So once you had a child,
 if you just had to hold it the whole time,
 basically you weren't able to do anything else,
 but this meant that they could carry food,
 they can go hunter-gathering as well.
 - Wow.
 - So prams used to not really be a thing,
 and if you did have a pram, you'd--
 - That's actually true of everything that was invented.
 (audience laughing)
 - iPhones didn't used to be a thing, really.
 - Yeah, that's fair.
 (audience laughing)
 - And that's it.
 - That's all I got.
 (audience laughing)
 - But basically in Germany, when it was invented,
 particularly mothers used to pull along prams,
 and obviously you can't see if the babies fallen out.
 So the push pram was a genuine innovation.
 But in Germany, until 1888,
 you had to have a license to take a child out in a pram.
 - Wow.
 - And this was so the police knew you had to permission
 to be out with basically a small vehicle,
 and you had to name the baby.
 You had to say, "I'm gonna be taking Jeff out in the pram."
 (audience laughing)
 - Wait, so if you're taking a different baby out in the pram,
 then you'd lose your license or whatever.
 You're arrested.
 - Six months.
 - Six months, prison.
 - What?
 - Prison, no, I don't know, I don't know.
 - And the other thing is around the same time in Britain,
 any vehicle with four wheels was counted as a road vehicle.
 Okay, so they got the new prams,
 which had like a bassinet, and they had four wheels.
 The previous ones only had three.
 And those four wheelers, you could get arrested
 for walking down the street with one of those.
 And people did, people got prosecuted.
 If you walked on the pavement with them, instead of the road.
 - So responsible advice, push your baby along
 and down the middle of the road.
 - Wow.
 - Another pregnancy thing, actually, giving birth thing.
 There is a medical text from the 12th century
 called the trotulla.
 And one of the instructions in there is if you're giving birth,
 you should induce sneezing to the woman.
 Because apparently when you sneeze,
 it helps contoe contract to your womb and push the child out.
 And they genuinely did this.
 - Wow, I mean, it's an unpleasant process anyway, I've heard.
 But having someone pour pepper into your nostrils,
 I was like, "It would make the whole thing even worse."
 - Well, they also said that the womb
 reacted differently to different kinds of smells.
 So the womb would push towards sweet smells
 and away from unpleasant smells.
 - What?
 So if you're giving birth near a beclava stand,
 you'll just be drawn magnetically over to it.
 (audience laughing)
 And I don't know why a beclava stand was the first thing
 I thought, "Oh, that's a good ass thing, isn't it?"
 - Metropolis and elite twat, why not say it to the guys?
 (audience laughing)
 - But so women didn't used to be allowed to be at birth.
 So there was a long tradition of only women being
 except for the women involved.
 (audience laughing)
 There was one woman allowed at every birth.
 So for many centuries, doctors weren't allowed at birth
 because men weren't allowed to see a woman giving birth
 because it was thought to be improper.
 So actually the only people that you would be allowed
 to have when you were giving birth were midwives
 after a while and astrologers,
 'cause some were more astrologers.
 So you couldn't have a doctor to tell you
 it was gonna be okay,
 but you could have an astrologer to give you
 a prediction of whether the baby was gonna survive.
 And then when doctors started taking over in the 19th century,
 it was decided that actually women couldn't handle
 being in the room with other women giving birth,
 even though I guess they are the ones that do it in the end.
 But the Lancet Medical Journal wrote in 1868
 that women are too delicate to watch someone else giving birth
 and only men could brave the revolting scenes of childbirth.
 (audience laughing)
 - Wow.
 - We just can't hack it.
 'Cause we actually never have to see it.
 - Right. - I think.
 - You're just lay there going,
 can anyone smell baccalaver?
 (audience laughing)
 - That is such a Sagittarius thing to say.
 (audience laughing)
 - Do you know what, I was looking up Medieval child rearing.
 - Oh yeah.
 - So what happened in Medieval era was,
 basically once you got to the age of 14,
 you would just be sent away on a French exchange forever.
 You would be sent to be a servant in someone else's house
 for seven to 10 years.
 Was it always in France?
 - It wasn't always in France actually.
 It was always not in France.
 It was never in France.
 It was.
 So you were sent on a French exchange trip forever,
 which was not in France and only lasted seven years.
 - Yeah.
 - I can see I'm gonna be accused of sexing up this fact.
 I was trying to think of an analogy.
 Basically you'd do a swap.
 Everyone just sent away their child to someone else's house
 and then you would get someone else's child
 being a servant in your house.
 And everyone did this right up to the aristocracy.
 - Because they thought that it was easier
 to bring up someone else's child, didn't they?
 - Oh wow. - Yeah.
 - That's cool.
 Have you guys heard, so again, around the sort of medieval period
 of the groaning cheese?
 This is really cool.
 It was just a tradition that people would do.
 And the idea was that when you got pregnant,
 you knew you were pregnant.
 You would mature a wheel of cheese
 for the nine month period that you were pregnant.
 And then once the baby was born,
 you would share out the cheese amongst family and friends
 and you would all eat the cheese.
 But it would leave the outer rind of the cheese.
 And on christening day, they would pass the baby through.
 - Yeah. - Through the hoop.
 - And that's where we get the tradition
 of the woman bursting out of the cake, isn't it?
 - Yes. - Yes.
 - No.
 - But yeah, that was the groaning cheese.
 - That's amazing. - That's amazing.
 - Yeah.
 - How up is that?
 Did you, on boggies and ways of pushing children around,
 did you see the survey that was done by Scoda,
 but it was seeing what father's thought
 about pushing boggies around.
 It was quite recent.
 It was, it discovered that 33% of fathers
 said they were embarrassed by their Pram or push chair.
 So they felt emasculated pushing them around.
 76% of dads said they'd be more likely to push a Pram
 if they had access to a stylish, high-spec buggy
 that could go.
 And so there's this one guy called Colin Furze,
 who in 2013, yeah, Colin Furze is broken a load of records.
 So he likes breaking records
 and he's broken the record for the world's fastest Pram.
 So he found out his wife was pregnant
 and he thought the way to be supportive was to attach
 a motorbike engine to a Pram and create something
 that can go up to 80 kilometers an hour, which it does.
 You can't put a baby in it.
 - That's a shot.
 - Because that'd be really dangerous.
 But he says he does put dolls in it
 just to freak out on lookers.
 (laughing)
 - Wait, but hang on, is he wearing roller skates?
 - No, but he has a little skateboard attached to the back
 that he can stand on.
 So it pulls him along.
 (laughing)
 - It's really cool.
 - That's incredible.
 - It's really cool, but his wife is still having
 to push the baby along in a normal Pram,
 some way behind him.
 - Okay, it is time for fact number two, and that is James.
 - Ah, yes, my fact this week is that there's a man in Brazil
 who's been living in a sand castle for 22 years.
 (laughing)
 He has to constantly water his house
 to prevent it from collapsing.
 (laughing)
 - It's extraordinary.
 - This is so cool.
 - So this is just a guy, he lives in Rio,
 he lives in Brazil, he's known as King Marcio,
 and he has this really awesome looking sand castle.
 It's like, just imagine like a really ornate sand castle.
 It's quite small on the inside,
 it's only about three square meters,
 and it's full of books because he has two hobbies,
 reading and beach golf.
 - Yeah, beach golf.
 - Yeah, it's just one big bunker, I guess.
 (laughing)
 But he lives there, and he basically,
 if you go to Rio and you go to his house,
 he has a little scepter, and he has photos taken
 with Taurus and stuff like that.
 - That's very cool.
 - It has a roof right, 'cause none of my sandcastles
 have ever had roofs.
 - Did they not?
 - Well no, they just be basically a wall.
 Isn't that the standard sand castle?
 - Yes, unless you just do the upturned bucket,
 in which case there's all roof.
 (laughing)
 - A lot of sandcastles, like these really ornate ones
 you see on, you know, they do competitions,
 don't they, and stuff like that.
 And the way that they do that is they super compact it.
 So they really, really, really compact the sand,
 and this is an ancient way of building things.
 So actually, the Great Wall of China,
 a lot of that is made like this,
 so it's basically just one big sand castle.
 - Joking.
 - Honestly, that's amazing.
 - Except they use different materials.
 - Well, some of it, for some of the Great Wall of China,
 they just, it's just kind of mountains,
 and that's just literally sand compacted, really hard.
 - Well, happens when the tide comes in.
 (laughing)
 - It tends not to in the middle of China.
 (laughing)
 - It doesn't quite reach.
 That's where all kids are going wrong.
 It's building them on bloody beaches.
 (laughing)
 - But they've also worked out the exactly perfect way
 now to build a sand castle.
 And when I say they, I mean physicists,
 but it's actually quite surprising.
 So this is a couple of years ago,
 there was some experimenting, there was some studies,
 and it was found out that the strongest sand castle
 will be 99 parts sand to one part water,
 which I think is not very as much water as I was probably doing.
 And the person who did this study is a guy called Dr. Bond,
 who's a physicist, and he said the best way to do it
 is to tamp wet sand into a mold,
 but a mold that's like open at the top and the bottom,
 so like a bucket without a bottom,
 and then thump it at least 70 times,
 before which no one has the time for on a beach.
 (laughing)
 - You know, actually a best place to build a sand castle,
 the best sand for a sand castle is on Titan,
 the largest moon of Saturn.
 - Wow, really?
 - It's the best place in some ways to do it.
 In other ways, I wouldn't recommend it.
 - You get that, I forgot the bloody bucket.
 (laughing)
 Right, turn it around.
 - Well, this is amazing, they have sand dunes on Titan,
 but their sand has got static electricity in it,
 and so it self-adheres.
 - Wow!
 - You know what I mean?
 So you kind of put it together and it's never going to fall apart
 because they're all sticks together with static electricity.
 - That's amazing.
 - That's really cool.
 - That is cool, isn't it?
 It's worth going for that.
 (laughing)
 - You can be fined for stealing sand from Sardinia.
 Even if you take a small drinks bottle full of sand,
 you can be fined a thousand euros,
 and this is a big problem,
 'cause people keep on stealing Sardinia, basically,
 and people are worried about it.
 In the summer months of 2015,
 they seized five tons in smaller
 and bigger consumers,
 but lots of it was just little bottles,
 which people take as a souvenir.
 - Wow.
 - Yeah, that's good.
 - And that's 'cause we're running out of sand, right?
 - Yeah.
 - Which is a weird sentence in its own right,
 but we are running out of sand on earth.
 - Have you guys had a great sand castle dispute of 1900?
 - No, no.
 - So this was like the original First World War,
 except it happened in Rill in North Wales,
 and it was quite a small deal.
 But...
 (laughing)
 It was basically Bovril,
 which was a relatively new company at that point,
 sponsored a sand castle building contest,
 and it was the idea was that you had to build a sand castle
 that was extremely impressive,
 and you had to have Bovril's logo somewhere on it.
 And so some people picked up on the idea,
 and in the same place in North Wales,
 this alcohol merchant copied it, copied the whole idea,
 and had a lot of kids come to the beach,
 and compete over who could build the best sand castle,
 and include the name of his whiskey on the sand castle.
 So he was encouraging lots of kids
 to advertise his whiskey, basically.
 And so then this spiraled out of control,
 'cause temperance movements got really upset
 at the fact that they were using kids as a vehicle
 to advertise extremely strong liquor.
 And so these temperance movements
 ran a rival contest for who could build a sand castle
 that denounced drink and alcohol
 in the strongest possible terms.
 (laughing)
 Poor kids, so torn.
 - That's amazing.
 - Wow.
 That's awesome.
 I found a thing which really surprised me.
 This was from 1990.
 It was a scientific report that was looking into,
 there's always the thing of, you know,
 vending machines kill more people than sharks do per year.
 So does sand castles more than sharks per year?
 Sand castles, sand tunnels.
 So anything where you're trying to construct by a sand,
 and the collapse is very dangerous.
 So in 1990 they found 16 people died of it as opposed to 12,
 which is how many would killed by sharks in that year.
 - Wow.
 - Yeah.
 - What a way to go, running ashore, thinking,
 "Oh, finally, have avoided that shark."
 (laughing)
 Well, pretty good day for me.
 (laughing)
 - Bang.
 - Sand castle.
 - Yep.
 (laughing)
 - Well, lifeguards have to watch out for people
 digging two deep holes on beaches.
 So this is, they have fewer complaints
 about going out and having to save people from sharks
 and they do about going and having to tell kids
 or adults to stop building such a deep hole.
 And I was reading something by a life I called Annie Howe
 who was saying, she didn't like it for nine years
 and she often has to warn beachgoers that in her words,
 their excavations are getting out of control.
 And she says that no hole should be more than
 need deep for the smallest person in the group.
 So I think we have all surely contribute there.
 - Yeah, 'cause that's part of the fun, isn't it,
 trying to dig to Australia?
 - It should.
 - Yeah.
 - Sorry, it's not so that people don't dig to Australia.
 (laughing)
 I presume.
 - No.
 - It's an anti-immigration thing
 'cause I think the Australians will come back up.
 - I got it.
 - Sorry, I should add, through what I said earlier
 about sandcastles and tunnels being the fatality thing.
 It's actually majorotively people digging holes.
 So when people are walking at night on a beach,
 not knowing there's a massive hole, that's how they.
 - No way.
 - Yeah.
 - No, the main danger is sand falling in on you.
 You're not red danger.
 People walking at night falling into the holes by the way.
 - Well, I think that's right.
 I think it's the holes collapse.
 It's a lot of people falling into the hole.
 It's very tough.
 - It's got the muscle power to dig a hole so big
 that it falls in on you.
 - It's not, I know it's about the foot.
 I almost killed my grandmother that way.
 She, well.
 (laughing)
 - I better love next time.
 (laughing)
 - I didn't intend to.
 I was at her house and I dug a hole in the garden
 and I didn't tell her and she went out at night
 and she ended up in hospital.
 And but she's okay.
 - But didn't you grow up in Australia?
 - Yeah.
 - When you're trying to dig to the UK.
 (laughing)
 - Yeah.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three
 and that is my fact, my fact this week.
 Oh boy.
 (laughing)
 My fact this week is Queen Elizabeth the first was a man.
 According to the Dracula author, Bram Stoker.
 Yeah.
 Isn't that amazing?
 This is the fact that the year before.
 - I mean, he was writing fiction quite a lot.
 - And he was writing fiction but the year before he died
 he wrote a nonfiction book.
 And it was called Famous in Posters
 and the idea was to expose con artists
 and it was to expose hoaxes and so on.
 However, there's one chapter in it in which he claims
 and he did proper investigation into it
 that Queen Elizabeth the first was a man
 and he actually published that and obviously it's not true
 but it's so crazy though.
 - Well, let's not reject it and look at it.
 - There's a lot of compelling evidence.
 - Let's hear the evidence.
 - Well, he said things like, for example, she never married.
 (audience laughing)
 She used to wear a lot of wigs.
 He said someone's trying to hide a bald spot.
 - She used to wear one wig at a time.
 (laughing)
 - But she didn't wear a snack of wigs.
 - Yeah, no, but she was constantly famously
 according to him was wearing wigs.
 The story is that basically when the original,
 this is according to, I need to specify this is not my theory.
 This is a very famous author, Bram Sker.
 He said that when Queen Elizabeth was a 10 years old,
 she was visiting Bizly, which is in Gloucestershire
 and while she was there, the plague was very rife
 and she got ill and she passed away.
 The place Bizly thought that they were gonna suffer
 the wrath of Henry and so they quickly had to replace her.
 However, they didn't find a girl who is anyone still listening?
 (audience laughing)
 - So they couldn't find a girl that would match
 her complexion to fool Henry and so they did find this one boy
 and they said, you're gonna have to now be Elizabeth
 and he said, okay, and then it worked and it worked.
 - Yeah, it worked and we're gonna have to stick with this
 and so, okay, it's time for fact number one.
 - No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
 - This is basically the class hamster has died
 theory of egret history.
 - Because actually if you, 'cause I read that book today
 and he says that because the people of Bizly still believe it
 that it must be true, 'cause he's like,
 if it wasn't true, there's no way they'd still believe that shit.
 - Yeah, and for a long time, there used to be a thing
 where they would dress boys as Queen Elizabeth
 and so the idea was that there was a local vicar
 who started this rumor, what's interesting
 is that Bram Stoker effectively was a conspiracy theorist
 which is very bizarre for the time as well
 and he was, no one believed him obviously at the time
 but it is a theory. - Well they did,
 because as in it was a theory that had existed
 for since Queen Elizabeth and he popularized it
 so there were people who genuinely thought that
 and there were people who put to get lots of evidence
 about it like the fact that her writing style changed
 apparently as soon as she left Bizly so--
 - When she was seven years old.
 - Yeah, so everyone's development was so--
 - Oh, she started writing in cursive, she must be a man.
 - James, 10 years old.
 - Oh, sorry, yeah.
 - No, it did change and yeah, that was pretty much it
 in the way from a young girl's diary to just football scores
 every week.
 (audience laughing)
 - It's the way to super my pram.
 (audience laughing)
 - So the Times reviewed the book as Tommy Rocks.
 - Yep.
 - The original manuscript is signed BS
 but it was by Bram Stoker.
 (audience laughing)
 - But that's just as good evidence as the stuff you're giving
 that is just not true, right?
 - Hang on, again, it's not my evidence.
 (audience laughing)
 - But it is true that Bram Stoker was a conspiracy theorist
 and that is the curious thing.
 And I had a look at the book and it's got loads
 of other hoaxes that have happened in history.
 Some he's just reporting.
 So there's one called the Cat Hoax of 1815,
 which is where Napoleon was about to be sent to St Helena,
 it's a very distant island and it was supposedly
 over on with rats and people put up signs
 around the city of Chester saying that the government
 desperately needed lots of cats to wipe out all the rats
 on St Helena to make it fit for Napoleon.
 And if you bring your cat to this address tomorrow,
 the government will give you quite a lot of money for it.
 And it was mayhem, it was absolute collusion.
 People brought hundreds and hundreds of cats.
 - So was it a hoax that it was just some random person
 who you didn't like and they went there, is that it?
 - It was an empty house, so I don't know exactly why it was.
 It was, although that would be a hell of a prank.
 - I know, it's like ordering a pizza to someone but with cats.
 - Yeah.
 (audience laughing)
 - But Bram Stoker did write some questionable stuff, didn't he?
 A lot of it's been discovered recently,
 so a book of his notes was discovered in the '90s
 and basically he loves puns and he loves really rude jokes,
 so there's a really good joke.
 I'm just gonna see if it works.
 For this joke to work, you do actually have to know
 what a canticle is.
 (audience laughing)
 Does everyone know what a canticle is?
 - I don't know what one is.
 - Cool.
 - Yes.
 - We've got some church goes in the audience.
 It's like a religious song, it's like a hymn, isn't it?
 So this is a really funny joke.
 Why is death like a psalm?
 - I don't know, why is death like a psalm?
 - Is it supposed to do a canticle?
 (audience laughing)
 James, you've absolutely nailed it.
 Because I've been cut out the bit where you said,
 you need to know what canticle is.
 (audience laughing)
 - You look like an absolute genius.
 No, it's quite clever because kicking the bucket
 resembles a can tickle.
 - Yeah.
 - Well.
 - That's great.
 - Yeah, it just shows that comedy changes, I suppose.
 (audience laughing)
 So Dracula, just briefly on Dracula,
 did you know the first adaptation of Dracula
 for the stage happened before the novel came out?
 - Really?
 - No way.
 - Yeah.
 - So he worked for many years as the manager
 to the actor Henry Irving, who was incredibly famous
 in Victorian times, Cumberbatch levels of famous,
 and he ran his theatre, the Lyceum, which is in London.
 It's in the West End.
 And Stoker had been writing this novel for a very long time,
 and it debuted at the Lyceum Theatre, where he worked.
 And Stoker had been working on it for seven years.
 It was only performed once, and after the performance,
 he asked his boss Henry Irving, the incredibly famous actor,
 what he thought, the only word Irving said
 in reply was dreadful.
 (audience laughing)
 I know, but I think it may have been, you know,
 it was full of dread, because it's a very spooky story.
 (audience laughing)
 So, and a lot of people say to me after gigs,
 "Andy, that was dreadful."
 (audience laughing)
 I think that's why.
 (audience laughing)
 - That'll be it.
 - And so when they say it's awful,
 it's 'cause they're full of awe.
 - Exactly.
 - Yeah, and when they say, "Shit."
 (audience laughing)
 - Can't win them all.
 (audience laughing)
 - We should say that he was not famous in his own time.
 So I went back through the British Newspaper archive,
 looking for his obituary.
 And when he died, all the obits said
 he was the manager of Henry Irving.
 So as Andy says, Henry Irving was the Cumberbatch.
 And literally, it was just an adendum
 at the end of the obituary.
 And he wrote a number of novels,
 but Henry Irving, what a guy.
 And Henry Irving was quite an exciting guy,
 and a really nice person, as far as I could tell.
 And he had this lovely coincidence
 where he was an actor.
 And his last work he performed on stage
 was the day that he died.
 This was in 1905, and his last words on stage were
 "Into Thy Hands O Lord."
 And then he had a stroke that night, and he died.
 And then all the newspapers reported it
 as "Pathetic End to a Great Career,"
 which "Pathetic" meant a different thing a hundred years ago,
 but now it just looks incredibly harsh.
 - No, no, a lot of people say to me,
 Andy, that was pathetic.
 (audience laughing)
 - Did you know, just on Boy's Dressed As Girls
 and Girls Dressed As Boys, in the Elizabethan Theatre,
 all the roles of girls were played by boys,
 but I didn't know this.
 You could be officially legally kidnapped
 if you were a child and put in a play.
 - Really?
 - Yes.
 - What?
 - This was not illegal.
 So theaters, if they had a license,
 could abduct children and put them in place.
 - Wow, this is real.
 - So you'd get back to your meat hook,
 and you'd be like, "Where's my plate?"
 (audience laughing)
 Queen Elizabeth granted permission to theaters, like...
 - 30.
 (audience laughing)
 - Yeah, it was originally so they could get choristers
 for the Royal Chapel, but the theaters all did it too,
 and now I'm really minded.
 There are legal cases surviving of people saying,
 "I quite like my son back."
 (audience laughing)
 - I can't, was there just not enough interest
 in their profession?
 - No.
 - Right.
 - Okay.
 Well, I think we've got a shortage of teachers
 at the moment, haven't we, in this country?
 There's something to think about.
 - We're gonna have to move on to the final fact soon.
 Anything before we do?
 - Can I give you another brown stoker joke?
 Oh God.
 (audience laughing)
 - Do you wanna save it to close the show, Roy?
 We might need a big one at the end.
 - I felt like these guys appetites, they couldn't wait.
 - Okay, let's do it.
 Now, do you all know what a chasable is?
 Good.
 - You do actually need to know what a prince consort is,
 but I see he has a...
 (audience laughing)
 Come on, Brighton.
 So, the question is, why is the letter P
 like a prince consort?
 Anyone?
 No.
 Okay, I'll give you the answer.
 (audience laughing)
 Because it makes a queen pregnant, a queen pregnant.
 - Oh yeah.
 - You also have to know what a queen pregnant is.
 (audience laughing)
 - I actually got quite a good response.
 - It's all right, isn't it?
 - That's probably the first time anyone said that joke
 on a stage since Bram Stoker.
 - Yeah.
 - Yeah.
 - Yeah.
 - Should we move on to our final facts on the night?
 - Yeah.
 - Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show,
 and that is Andrew Hunter Murray.
 - My fact is that when a computer tried to come up
 with romantic messages for love heart suites
 based on existing ones, it came up with bear wig,
 meat mate, bong love, and you are bag.
 (audience laughing)
 - In Sweden, it was you, our park, wasn't it?
 (audience laughing)
 - They're great, aren't they?
 - Well, no.
 - Yeah.
 - If they were great, it wouldn't be a good fact.
 (audience laughing)
 - So there is a researcher, I think she's American,
 she's called Janelle Shane,
 and she specializes in building neural networks.
 So this is where you feed a machine load of information,
 and you try and encourage it to come up
 with more things that I like it,
 with varying degrees of creativity.
 So you can dial it up or dial it down
 to get them more accurate or more imaginative.
 And she did this with love hearts,
 she fed in a load of love hearts,
 and some of them were really good.
 So there was cute kiss, and my bear, which is quite sweet.
 - Yeah, that's good.
 - Some of them were okay, am good.
 (audience laughing)
 You are a babe.
 (audience laughing)
 They're all right, but then there were others
 which included, pin a face, sweat poo,
 (audience laughing)
 and my favourite one, love 2,000 hogs, yeah.
 (audience laughing)
 - It's hard to imagine them fitting that on the suite,
 isn't it? - Yeah.
 - I also saw Stank Love, my hag, hole.
 (audience laughing)
 And you hack.
 - You hack.
 - You hack.
 - That's one fit to give to Bram Stoker after a set.
 (audience laughing)
 - And this for overseas listeners,
 'cause I didn't know they were called love hearts.
 I've called them sweet hearts,
 which I think an America is what they're called.
 So it's the same thing.
 - Sometimes conversation hearts as well.
 - Yes, yeah, so it's a little sugary heart
 with a message on it for, yeah.
 - And apparently I think in the '80s in Britain at least,
 they wanted to get drop dead gorgeous on the suite,
 but it was too long, and so they instead went with drop dead.
 (audience laughing)
 'Cause what?
 - I don't remember.
 - I remember growing up and seeing drop dead on that.
 And always, I thought it was just like,
 you know, Russian roulette of, you know, you're gonna go--
 (audience laughing)
 You're just gonna get one bad one.
 And you never know, like you give someone a suite,
 and it might be a nice one,
 or it might be not a nice one.
 - It might be, you are bag.
 (audience laughing)
 So obviously they have to change it as the years go around.
 So at the 1950s, they phased out, hey, daddy, oh.
 - I know it's ready for a comeback, isn't it?
 - I think so.
 - Right, Wikipedia claims that faxed me is still on the list,
 which I cannot believe faxed me.
 - There is one that's grow up,
 and that was actually the cause of a complaint
 that the Love Arts Company received from a man
 who was trying to placate his wife after a row,
 and he gave her a tubular of hearts,
 and the first message that she saw was grow up.
 (audience laughing)
 And she left him.
 - No.
 - The article said, grow up is still in production,
 so they obviously didn't think that was a good enough reason
 to discontinue.
 - Wow, grow up, that is one of those not good ones though,
 isn't it?
 - Yeah, I can't think of a good way that grow up could be used.
 - With me?
 - Grow up with me, grow old with me.
 - It's more grow old with me.
 (audience laughing)
 - Some more recent ones from 2014 on the Love Arts,
 Skype for Me is now one, Yolo is one, Toat Hiller.
 (audience laughing)
 And this is a good one for me, Ori Pet.
 - Oh, that's great, that's a good one, isn't it?
 - Oh, you can fax me.
 (audience laughing)
 So the very original Love Arts,
 they were called Conversation Lozenges,
 that was the original name.
 - Yeah, I know, it's so good.
 And they date from the 1820s,
 these are seriously old things,
 and they originally had the message on the wrapper,
 and then eventually the message migrated onto the suite.
 But the messages said things like,
 can you polka, do you flirt,
 or the highly flirtatious?
 No, I won't ask Mamma.
 (audience laughing)
 But then the temperance movement got hold of the Love Heart,
 and they started putting on messages like,
 misery, sickness, and poverty are the effects of drunkenness.
 (audience laughing)
 They ruined everything.
 (audience laughing)
 There was a real fashion in the Victorian era
 for a suite that had a message on them,
 and the LRB pointed out that the rage for suites
 with a message was initially delayed
 by the illiteracy prevailing in the market,
 but successive education acts did for readable suites,
 what they also did for penny dreadfuls and newspapers.
 So they became more popular,
 but sticks of rock with a message inside,
 which we are familiar with today, right?
 Were popular in the 1800s,
 and the first mention of sticks of rock with a message
 came in the 1860s,
 where it was mentioned in someone's diary,
 and messages in size sticks of rock included,
 do you love me?
 Do you love sprouts?
 (audience laughing)
 Sir Robert Peel, who was a recently deceased prime minister.
 (audience laughing)
 I'm just sucking on a stick of rock
 and seeing Theresa May's name being spelled out.
 And so the American ones are not made by swizzles,
 they're made by NECO, an ECCO,
 which is a new England candy company.
 They also make candy buttons and havel and mince
 and a few other things,
 but there are a few things that they don't make anymore,
 including whore-hound ovals,
 jujube monoplanes,
 wang-bees,
 and climax mint patties.
 Whoa.
 They sound great, don't they?
 I mean, I'd love to, at the end of a meal,
 would you like a climax mint patty?
 (audience laughing)
 They sound like sort of x-rated Harry Potter sweet shop
 when you go behind the door, that's what it is.
 Yeah, wang-bees.
 Well, just on the topic of AI sort of generating this new stuff
 and a bizarrely Harry Potter, you mentioning that,
 I found an amazing AI generated Harry Potter book
 the other day.
 It's made by this online company called Botnik Studios.
 They're online artists to do, they're really cool,
 really fun stuff.
 And what they did is they fed into this machine
 all seven books of Harry Potter and they understood the language
 and so on and kind of got their heads around it.
 And it pumped out an original Harry Potter book.
 And yeah, it's an amazing book.
 I'll read a couple of--
 Do you know what it's called?
 Yeah, I thought I had the title here,
 I'm missing it at the moment.
 I'll see if I can find it before the end of the show,
 but I'll give you a couple of extracts from it.
 This is from chapter 13, The Handsome One, it's called.
 "Lethory Sheets of Rain" lashed at Harry's ghost
 as he walked across the grounds towards the castle.
 Ron was standing there and doing a kind of frenzied tap dance.
 He saw Harry and immediately began to eat Hermione's family.
 And then--
 Oh, that's a bit from the order of the Phoenix, I think.
 This is the very next page.
 Harry could tell that Voldemort was standing right behind him.
 He felt a great overreaction.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Harry tore--
 Harry tore his eyes from his head and threw them into the forest.
 In fact, that is an overreaction.
 Voldemort raised his eyebrows at Harry,
 who could not see anything at the moment.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Ron threw his wand at Voldemort and everyone applauded.
 Ron smiled.
 Ron reached through his wand slowly.
 Not so handsome now thought Harry,
 as he dipped Hermione in hot sauce.
 [LAUGHTER]
 That is amazing.
 That whole range of family is edible in this.
 Yeah, they are not, like this is an amazing bit as well.
 Voldemort, you're a very bad and mean wizard.
 Harry savagely said, Hermione nodded encouragingly.
 The tall death eater was wearing a shirt that said,
 Hermione has forgotten how to dance.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So Hermione dipped his face in mud.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I mean, it reads awesomely.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I read one, it might not be as good as that.
 I read one about fortune cookies.
 So they used AI to find some fortune cookie things.
 One of them is a short pencil is usually
 better than a bird in the future.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Do not have a peaceful place where you will feel better.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And this one, carve your name on your parents.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I mean, we're laughing now, but they're going to kill us.
 OK, that is it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we've said over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland.
 Andy.
 @AndreyHondaM.
 James.
 It's James Harkin.
 And Jizinski.
 You can email podcast@kyway.com.
 Yep.
 Or you can go to our group account, which is @NoSuchThing.
 Or you can go to our website.
 NoSuchThing is a fish.com where we have all of our previous episodes.
 We have links to more of our tour dates, our book.
 We also have recommendations for great things
 to read, like a book called Harry Potter and the Portrait
 of what looked like a large pile of ash.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And it also has a link to our exclusive cassette, which
 is only actually available on tour at the moment.
 But you can find out where to get it.
 And we're about to give one away to one of the members of this audience.
 And we've picked out a fact that was sent to us
 at the top of the show.
 James, you got it?
 It's from John Platt.
 And the fact is, if a human could move their arm
 one-tenth as fast as a mantis shrimp,
 they could throw a baseball into orbit.
 Whoa.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 Thank you.
 [APPLAUSE]
 So John, if you come and find us, we'll give you your cassette.
 Yeah, and we'll all be out there, guys, with our cassettes.
 If you want to come say hi, good night, guys.
 Thank you so much.
 [APPLAUSE]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
