 [music]
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming
 to you from one very disclosed location.
 It is the QI offices in Covent Garden.
 We are back.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I am sitting here at a very comfortable two meter distance from Anna Tyshinski, Andrew
 Huntamurray and James Harkin and once again we have gathered around the microphones with
 our four favorite facts from the last seven days and in no particular order here we go.
 Starting with fact number one and that is James.
 Okay, my fact this week is that there is a type of glue that was developed specifically
 to help strong men grab onto giant stone spheres.
 So cool.
 So strong men competitions, this is where you see them basically lift these giant boulders
 don't you up onto platforms.
 So if you imagine on British television between Christmas and New Year there is nothing else
 on TV apart from World's Strongest Man which is the best show ever where they get these
 enormous men like pulling trucks and doing all sorts of stuff but like you say one of
 the things is called the Atlas Stones and there is a substance called Spide Attack that
 was invented by a part-time strong man and part-time molecular biologist called Mike
 Caruso.
 He smashed all the test tubes in the lab, didn't he?
 And yeah basically he was carrying these big boulders and one of the big problems is actually
 gripping them as someone who has lifted a giant boulder myself.
 I could definitely say that, I think I mentioned it on this before that in Iceland I was lifting
 some giant boulders, might come to that later.
 But anyway so he was struggling to grip them so he took some rosin which is that stuff
 that if you play the violin and for instance you pot on your bow to make it, I'm just helping
 you here.
 I feel comfortable.
 And then he added some polymers to the rosin and he can't disclose what kind of polymers
 are in it, he calls it a special sauce and he came up with this incredibly sticky stuff.
 Now he sold about ten of these a year so it wasn't really a big deal but it's come up
 really recently because it's basically spoiled baseball because baseball pitchers who throw
 the ball have discovered it and if they put it on their hands it makes the hands able
 to spin the ball a hell of a lot which makes the ball impossible to hit and so it's come
 into the news recently that this stuff exists.
 Yeah so it is a big controversy at the moment in baseball because batting averages are at
 the lowest they've ever been and they think it's because specifically of this kind of
 glue and other glues that are being brought in but it's just a whole new era of baseball
 where everyone's striking out and yeah.
 Yeah the Yankees have got a picture called Gerrit Cole and they signed him on a nine
 year deal for three hundred and twenty four million dollars in 2019.
 He was the best pitcher ever, they had to pay all this money for him.
 They signed him for three hundred and twenty four million dollars.
 Yeah, over nine years.
 Wow, over nine years, it's only about forty million dollars a year, come on Anna.
 Cheapskate.
 Sorry, I'm so sorry.
 But they asked him if he used Spide Attack and he was really really evasive in this interview,
 it's amazing.
 He's like oh I don't know how to answer that question.
 The question was do you use Spide Attack and he said I don't know how to answer that
 question and there's a suggestion that his form has gone really badly down in the last
 couple of weeks because they've now banned this Spide Attack and all the commentators,
 I'm not saying it's true, but all the commentators are saying that it's because they've stopped
 him from using it, he's suddenly turned into a terrible pitcher.
 Interesting.
 What's amazing though is that the inventor, this Hulk Bruce Banner guy, half chemist,
 half big monster, he doesn't quite know how they're using it in baseball because it's
 too sticky a substance.
 He doesn't like baseball.
 Right.
 Yeah, there's an amazing interview with theathletic.com by Steven Jay Nesbitt, the journalist.
 And he found this guy and he asked him what do you think of this and he goes oh I had
 no idea it was popular in baseball, I don't watch baseball, in fact I don't watch any
 sports, I'm too busy to watch sports.
 So he didn't realise that he's spoiled this sport.
 That's very interesting.
 Is it cheating to use glue when you're trying to lift up a stone sphere?
 Interesting.
 Good question.
 I think no because I think the whole purpose is the weight of it.
 I think obviously you could lose grip but I think we're trying to look at who can hold
 things that are really heavy as opposed to who's got good grip on an object.
 Well, I would say part of holding things, a crucial part is grip.
 You're right.
 It's often, a lot of these stones are in Scotland, aren't they, it's rainy a lot there so that
 must make it a lot harder to lift this stone.
 Does rain make it harder?
 I figured that would give you more grip.
 It's because if you put your hands on wet surfaces, don't our hands go a bit?
 That's actually why cars can stop so easily in rainy conditions.
 No, but what I'm saying is our hands adapt to, they go wrinkly, it gives you hand-hold
 grips, natural hand-holds.
 That's a good point.
 I'm not sure it's proven that the reason our hands go wrinkly is for grip.
 I know that's one of the dominant theories.
 Imagine if there was one really strong man, he was the strongest in the world but he's
 a real butterfingers and so he lost every single tournament for that reason.
 He's got no fingerprints and he can't lift everything but he can't commit crimes.
 So someone else wins a trophy and he steals it off them.
 Exactly.
 Serious.
 They're also called manhood stones, aren't they, sometimes, and there seems to be a very
 important one in Iceland which may indeed be the one that you've lifted.
 You lifted the Husafell stone.
 Yes.
 Oh, no, I haven't.
 No, the Husafell stone, no.
 Oh, that's the biggie.
 You just lifted Daniel's stone in Iceland.
 So the Husafell stone is just one stone that you carry from one place to another.
 It's in someone's garden or something, I think, right?
 I think it's been used as a strongman's stone for over a century and before that it was
 used as a gate to a goat pen in Iceland.
 Wow, what a promotion.
 That's huge.
 Well, maybe you prefered being the goat checker, but that's the big one that people go and
 lift if they want to.
 Right.
 There are also four more in a place called djupallonsadur, where there are four different
 size stones.
 I have mentioned this before.
 Whichever one you can carry would depend on where you would work on the boat and the people
 who lifted the heavier one would be in the more difficult rowing place, but they would
 get more of the catch, so they get more fish when they, when it came in.
 So where are you in the boat?
 Well, I'm not very strong.
 There's one called useless, which is 23 kilograms, which is relatively easy to lift.
 And then there's one called weakling, which is 54 kilograms, which I could lift, but I
 found extremely difficult.
 And it was the grip genuinely, like you could kind of get it on your knees and lift it up
 quite easily, but just getting your hands around it.
 And then the other two, half strength, which is 100 kilos of full strength, which is 154
 kilos, barely could move them.
 Like the big one literally couldn't move it.
 I mean, that's really heavy.
 Is there anything for like, is there a stone which would give you a administrative role
 on the docks?
 Not being on the boat at all.
 Just a little pebble.
 Yeah, exchange for some sardines every day.
 The thing is, when I did it, it was really raining and I always use that as an excuse
 that, oh, it was really slippy and stuff, but now you mentioned that my hands would have
 gone wrinkly.
 That's no excuse anymore.
 You should have held on longer.
 Yeah.
 If you want to try atlas stones at home, you can buy spider tack online and you can also
 buy atlas stones online.
 I found one 75 kilo ball, which was 200 pounds, 50 pounds shipping, because presumably you
 need a strong mountain.
 Do you know what one of the hardest things about being a strongman is?
 Well, the lifting of things, you think the lifting, that's pretty bad.
 But according to Lloyd Reynolds, who is a strongman and an NHS physio, it's driving
 up and down the British motorways.
 These long drives, basically travel is the biggest problem for strongmen.
 When they get on a plane, their seats, they're like, our butts are too big, we're way too
 bulky, so air attendants tend to sit them if they can in their own row so that the other
 person next to them is not getting squished.
 They try and give them as many breaks to stand up and stretch and move around.
 That's very interesting.
 Did I ever say the thing on here?
 I don't think I did.
 I read an interview with some discus throwers and they're really big guys, especially around
 the shoulders.
 Whenever the American Olympic team goes to the Olympics, the discus throwers always sit
 next to the long distance runners because the long distance runners are so skinny.
 Presumably, they must be sat on the side of the dominant throwing arm, right?
 Because that's a bulky arm.
 Maybe that's why they are always pulling planes and cars.
 They just can't fit in them.
 They've got to get it up there, picking someone up.
 There was a World Strongest Man competition which was in Botswana in 2016 and all 30 competitors
 had to get on the same plane from Johannesburg to Botswana.
 And apparently, there was one of the competitors, Brian Shaw, has won World Strongest Man four
 times.
 Pretty big guy.
 He's six foot eight.
 He weighs 31 stone.
 And when he was on the plane, he couldn't fit into the loo and he had to take aim from
 outside.
 That's amazing.
 What was it?
 The water in the middle?
 The big old manhood stone coming out of the plane.
 Do you know who is the World Strongest Woman at the moment as of 2020?
 No.
 It is.
 Someone we mentioned on the podcast.
 Is it the Watermelon Olsen?
 Yeah.
 Courtney Olsen.
 It is Olga Leashchuk, who was a former holder of the Watermelon Crushing Record before
 Courtney came along.
 Courtney, wow.
 Yeah.
 I saw a really good interview with her because they asked her about her diet and she says
 she prefers newborn babies.
 It's a joke.
 It's a joke.
 Of course.
 And there's a brilliant video of her carrying a 200 kilogram yoke.
 So a yoke is like what a milkmaid would hold like a stick across the shoulders with two
 heavy weights on it.
 And she's walking supposedly with this yoke, but she's going so fast.
 The judge who's not carrying anything can't keep up with her.
 Wow.
 She's amazing.
 Honestly.
 Incredible.
 Wow.
 The other thing they carry is fridges famously.
 And so it's a classic strongman test, 1977, First World Strongest Man Contest.
 Have you guys ever seen the video of that?
 No.
 So it was the first one ever and it wasn't really a thing being a strongman and so no
 one really knew how to train for it.
 Everyone came from a real range of backgrounds, usually like some kind of sport, but Franco
 Colombo was the one of the competitors in 1977, World Strongest Man.
 And he was famous at the time for blowing up hot water bottles until they exploded.
 Other feats of strength like that.
 Worst house guest ever.
 That's pretty, I mean, that's a different kind of strength.
 Yeah.
 It's good, isn't it?
 He could also bend steel bars, but he, the problem was he was much smaller than the other
 competitors.
 He weighed about a hundred pounds less than most of the other competitors and they hadn't
 safety tested the fridge race and you should look it up if you can hack it.
 They start with fridges on their backs and they start running and within about two strides
 his leg snuck.
 Oh no.
 It's like a tug of war fact all over again.
 He's fine.
 He's fine.
 There's an interview with him in hospital later.
 He's like that was a bit of a bitch and they cancelled the fridge race until 2004 and now
 they have a crossbar and a fridge on each side to bounce the way, but it is an unbelievable
 thing to watch.
 And presumably he had immediate access to a bag of cold peas to put on the fridge.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two and that is Anna.
 My fact this week is that the first animated puppet film used insect corpses as the puppets.
 It's pretty creepy, but very cool.
 This was a sort of one of the founders of animated film, Władysz Raw Starowicz.
 He was an, started out as an entomologist, Polish entomologist and moved into animation.
 This was at the turn of the 20th century and so he loved insects.
 So at one point he was director of the Museum of Natural History in Lithuania and in 1909
 he decided he wanted to make a film that just showcased how cool the stag beetle was, his
 favorite insects.
 And he wanted to show two male stag beetles fighting over a mate, but when he tried it
 they died under the sort of glare of the film lights and their legs sort of melted off whatever.
 So he thought okay this isn't going to work.
 So he removed their legs and he exchanged the legs for tiny little wires attached to their
 thoraxes, they are not alive at this point, attached to their thoraxes and then he filmed
 frame by frame them fighting and moving like stop motion.
 So he was also, some Russians say for instance, because he was born in Russia, Russian sort
 of claim him as the father of stop motion or there are some rivals for that.
 But yeah, he would move the insects leg a millimeter and then show it again and a millimeter
 and show it again.
 They're all online and they are phenomenal.
 Oh they're captivating aren't they?
 Yeah, I mean his whole catalog of work is online that you can see but yeah, these insects,
 these beetles at the time, people who watch them, I read this in one place, I haven't been
 able to find the actual reviews that say this is true but they, it was so convincing what
 he did.
 People thought it was basically amazing insect training.
 I found one of those reviews, it said in 1911 the trainer must be a man of magical endurance
 and patience.
 So yeah, and he didn't give away the secrets of how he did it either, he wanted to keep
 them as deep.
 So he also hinted that there were gears and pulleys at work and that he, I mean he was
 really, he was definitely keeping a secret.
 Yeah, it was definitely advertised, at least in Britain for some reason it was advertised
 as trained insect puppets.
 Interesting, it would draw more attention than dead things I've strapped, why aren't
 it?
 Interesting that the Russians claim him as their own because his whole family hated
 Russia.
 Because he was born around Moscow but he was taken to Kaunas in Lithuania, modern day Lithuania
 because his father didn't want him to be too Russian.
 And so he stayed with his grandfather in Kaunas and he was expelled from school for skipping
 the Orthodox Mass which was like a Russian church so he didn't really want to be part
 of that because his father had kind of taught him to be like this.
 And he invented a shooting range in his house which had moving figures and one of the figures
 was General Muravyov who was like the famous Russian general who kind of put down the November
 uprising and whenever you shot him he would kind of fall down and then be hanged by his
 neck.
 Wow! And his grandparents forced him to take it down because they knew that if the local
 police saw it then they would probably take him away and stuff.
 Yeah it's not going to, it's hard to spin that, it's an ode to your great work.
 Yeah that's as a child that's like, so you can see where he got all the kind of moving
 parts of his insects.
 Yeah, yeah, that's awesome.
 And he was Polish as well, he seemed to have claimed lots of different nations but his
 parents were Polish, hence the Poland and Russia had an old relationship back then.
 And he changed his name at some point didn't he as well, was that in connection to that?
 That was when he moved to France because obviously it's a bit of a, I'm glad Anna pronounced
 his name at the start, which is not so hard but how do you pronounce his first name?
 Fortunately it's my grandad's name so I know it's Frodishrov.
 I think that's probably incorrect, I'm sure a Polish citizen can write an incorrect
 name.
 It's right because it's got that L with a line through it which is like pronounced
 like a W a little bit isn't it, I think, or something.
 Frodishrov.
 He moved to France and he changed his name to make it a bit easier for people to pronounce
 I think, to Ladislas Starovic.
 I'm sure you guys read loads of the descriptions of the movies, I really like the Cameraman's
 Revenge.
 Did you see this one?
 This is so good.
 So Mr and Mrs Beetle, married couple, they're bored.
 They became less realistic over time, didn't they?
 So Mr Beetle meets a dragonfly who is in the middle of an affair with Mr Grasshopper, right?
 But Mr Beetle is so sexy.
 He steals away Mrs Dragonfly from Mr Grasshopper.
 Grasshopper, the cuck in this scenario, is furious but he's also a cameraman, okay?
 And he films Mr Beetle's affair with his ex, Mrs Dragonfly, right?
 Anyway, Mr Beetle and Mrs Beetle, they're eventually reconciled with each other and they, you know,
 they get back together and they say let's go to the movies.
 But the projectionist at the cinema is Mr Grasshopper and he puts on a movie called The
 Unfaithful Husband which is footage of Mr Beetle having it off with Mrs Dragonfly.
 I have some questions about this, about Beetle's and Dragonfly's having sex with each other.
 That's unrealistic, Charlie.
 It's kind of fan fiction, like.
 That's a lot of plot for what were, I thought, like 30-second movies back in the day.
 How long is this?
 This was his, this was his magnum opus, this was his citizen cane, yeah, I don't know.
 But anyway.
 I think it was a bit longer.
 A few minutes, yeah.
 It's about 13 minutes I can see now.
 Oh, okay.
 His magnum opus came a bit later, wasn't it, was The Tale of the Fox, which was the first
 feature animation film, so it's over an hour long.
 Oh, wow.
 And that's, what I find interesting about that is it's based on a Goethe story called
 Reinecker-Fuchs, which is based on a much, much older kind of medieval story called Reynard
 the Fox.
 And Reynard the Fox is basically, it's a fox and a wolf and the fox is very sly and
 amoral but he's very charismatic and he always gets into trouble and you have all these medieval
 stories about this fox doing naughty things but eventually a bit like Dennis the Menace
 kind of getting his way in the end.
 And these tales have been going since the 12th century.
 And in English they're called Reynard the Fox.
 In French they're called Reynard the Fox and Reynard is now French for Fox.
 And so the French word for fox comes from this character from the medieval history.
 Oh, wow.
 Isn't that interesting?
 Yeah.
 Fox the Fox.
 That's awesome.
 And that one he, so he got adept at making other animals, didn't he?
 Not just insects.
 And in fact, everywhere seemed to say he worked completely alone, which he did.
 He didn't like outside influence and he turned down Hollywood because he wanted to do it
 all himself.
 But he didn't like outside of his family assistance but his wife was a tailor I think
 and his wife made a lot of the animals for him and his daughter directed and wrote a
 lot of his films with him.
 But in the Reynard the Fox he made like, I think he made some lots of animals out of
 different animals.
 It seems really weird.
 Like the lion was made of deer skin I think and just really mixing it up.
 Wow.
 But it's very adult content.
 Animation was not for kids back then.
 It's kind of dark.
 Again, that one, look that up online, the animation is phenomenal in that.
 It's absolutely extraordinary.
 And as you're saying James, it was the first animation.
 So it beats Snow White, which is seen as the seminal opening animated movie of Hollywood.
 Beat it by eight months in coming out.
 So this guy was a true pioneer who's sort of been lost to the annals of history slightly.
 Do you want to hear the least relevant fact that I found in the research for this section?
 It's about art and insects and drawings and filming.
 So this is a sports writer fact and in fact it's a newsy one.
 There is a team of two men whose job is to go along the length of the route of the Tour
 de France and their job is to draw butterflies out of penises that people have graffiti
 on the road.
 They're called the Eraser Men, Les Fassers and this is a great article about them on
 the Ruler website.
 Basically you're filming from above, aren't you, the Tour de France and people go along
 the route every year writing insane graffiti.
 They draw a lot of syringes because they're implying that you know the cyclists are all
 saying.
 There's loads of messages like Ale, Alaphilippe or whoever like whoever's they put messages
 for their favourite riders but I've never seen a penis.
 Well that's because Les Fassers are doing their job and every 100 metres or so on the
 route apparently there's a penis and they have to transform it or they make it unrecognisable
 if they can't do a decent butterfly.
 Are the testicles the two big eyeballs?
 I would think that the wings might be relevant there but their versatile is what I'm saying
 and they change the syringes into ladders and you know they just...
 They're very pointy bit on the top of that ladders, isn't that?
 Turn that into the Empire State Building instead.
 You've got thousands of miles of road to go and you're saying do the Empire State Building.
 You've got 40,000 windows on it.
 Oh my god.
 Who's paying them to do this?
 I think it's either the broadcaster or the organisers of the Tour de France.
 I know they use hundreds of litres of paint.
 It's tough.
 It's tough work.
 It's not as tough as actually cycling in the Tour de France is it but sure.
 I don't know.
 It must be stressful.
 They're ahead of the Tour de France.
 Come on.
 Come on.
 I just need to do the proboscis on this butterfly.
 They're catching up.
 This movie The Tale of the Fox which was by Starevich we said was one of the early animations.
 It was the first feature animation puppet film.
 There were a few older feature animation films.
 The oldest that we have which is still extant is called The Adventures of Prince Ahmed and
 it's by the German animator Lotta Reiniger and she used a system a bit like Shadow Puppets.
 I don't know if you guys have seen, in fact I know you have seen Harry Potter and the
 Deathly Hallows part one.
 I didn't know we've seen it.
 Well I'm just looking at you.
 I've known you for long enough but you've definitely seen that.
 We're all wearing our sorting hats.
 There's a bit where they tell a little short film inside the film called The Tale of the
 Three Brothers.
 It's that kind of style.
 And yeah this woman called Lotta Reiniger.
 She made this animation technique and she made loads and loads of movies and the first
 one she made was in 1926.
 What I like about her is that she later married her creative partner called Karl Koch but she
 kept her name Lotta Reiniger so that she wasn't called a "Mottercock".
 I'm not sure that was the reason she did that but it's got to be.
 Okay it is time for fact number three and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that the man who popularized toothpicks in American restaurants did so
 by paying Harvard men to eat at fine establishments and then shout at the waiters if they were
 told wooden toothpicks were not available.
 So yeah it's a sort of cheeky promotional tool to get your product bought.
 This was a guy called Charles Forster and he was a guy who had seen when he was overseas
 in Brazil toothpicks being used by many people in South America.
 He thought this is something that should be done here.
 So he went back home and he managed to design the modern day toothpick, the really cheap
 little wooden stick that we find in most places.
 That is Charles Forster's invention.
 And once he had the invention he thought how can I convince Americans that they need
 this in their mouths because it was seen as sort of a bit crude, no one was really interested
 in it.
 So he used to pay people, particularly sort of very rich people like Harvard men to go
 in, cause a ruckus and then they would threaten to never eat in the establishment again and
 once they left the next day Charles Forster would either himself or send someone else
 there going would you like to buy a box of wooden toothpicks and the owner goes of course
 yes thank you.
 Why didn't the owner ever go hmm, how suspicious, I wonder if Harvard guys randomly kicked
 up a huge fuss yesterday about this, I mean you'd see it coming.
 Well he would sometimes go in first as well so let's say there was a shopkeeper, he would
 go into a shop and he would say to the shopkeeper look would you like to buy some of these new,
 I'm selling them toothpicks you could buy a few boxes of them and the shopkeeper would
 say I'm not interested and then he would hire a young person to go into the shop, ask for
 some toothpicks, not be able to get any cause the shopkeeper had said no, then he would
 go back, the shopkeeper would say alright I will have some toothpicks, then the young
 people would go back in, buy the toothpicks, return them to Charles Forster who then has
 the toothpicks back again that he sold to the shopkeeper in the first place.
 But then he reused the toothpicks.
 Yeah he would resell them then to the shop which to me means he's making a loss.
 Yeah absolutely.
 If there's a markup in the shop he's losing that amount of money but I can only assume
 he then sells in bulk after that, he's like I would sell you 20 boxes.
 I hope so because if not, maybe that's why this guy wasn't the biggest financier ever
 but yeah it feels like a risk but I guess it was a risk that it was worth taking.
 A lot of gullible shopkeepers and restaurateurs around in those days.
 He claimed his toothpicks were made of the choicest part of the white birch log.
 Which sounds like he's going one toothpick per mug.
 Really? I'm just going to find the exact part of that birch tree but no you make millions
 and millions from each one didn't you?
 And he did this all in a bit of America called Strong which is in Maine and for a long time
 that was the toothpick capital of the world as they called themselves so 95% of all wooden
 toothpicks manufactured in America were out of strong.
 So we're talking something around the World War II period 75 billion toothpicks per year
 were being sent out.
 That's too many.
 That's too many.
 There was a thousand people living in that town at the time so that meant each per year
 they were making 75 million toothpicks.
 5 billion? What were they being used for? They mostly went to waste surely.
 Given the world's population that would be every person using 25 per year but I'm sure
 they weren't as evenly distributed as that.
 No and back then much smaller.
 I like that we're talking about Strong in Maine, we were talking about Strong in Maine
 earlier.
 Stronger than Maine.
 When the demand declined for toothpicks when people realised we don't need a thousand
 each per year they tried to innovate because obviously these factories in Strong suddenly
 they didn't know what to do and so they tried to come up with new versions of toothpicks
 and one of them was they would make it square in the middle so that when you put it on a
 table it wouldn't roll off.
 I don't know how clever it is Anna because I think that it's never been a huge problem
 for me as you put your toothpick down on the table.
 It has for me.
 It has for me.
 How wonky are your tables that are so the toothpick is rolling off just adjust the angle
 that the toothpick is on and that'll solve the problem.
 My housemates get really pissed off because I'm a compulsive toothpick user I probably
 go through about 10 a day and they are all over the floor because you put them on your
 desk yes it's a bit of a wobbly desk it falls onto the sitting room floor get a new one it's
 an issue and I can't believe these didn't take off.
 I can't believe you were questioning how many toothpicks were needed per day.
 I know.
 The pot twist.
 I'm the main consumer.
 10 a day.
 Apparently he wasn't even very good at making stuff for stay I think he was just a good
 businessman wasn't he like he requisitioned shoe peg makers to make toothpicks and apparently
 they used the same skills but see that seems so weird to me because a shoe peg was something
 that attached the like heel of a shoe the base of a shoe to the top of a shoe and so it's
 got to be quite thick to do that right that's like when you've got to attach two bits together
 in DIY it's got to be like a dowel like your thumb exactly and then they turn that into
 a toothpick that seems if you're using a toothpick to hold your shoe together your shoe's coming
 off.
 But it's an easier I guess it's an easier technology to adjust it's probably one of
 the closest things to an actual toothpick that existed or could be made at the time.
 You wouldn't take someone who made telegraph poles right and they get them to make two
 picks because that's a bigger change isn't it? And they were often missing teeth back
 then so maybe the gaps were a lot bigger.
 I was reading a book which was called The Toothpick by a guy called Henry Petroski did you guys
 come across this it's one of those great authors who just picks one item yeah and he just tells
 the whole history of the object so obviously Charles Worcester invented the sort of very
 cheap disposable toothpicks but toothpicks have been there throughout history Royals
 have used them but everyone sort of had a really spectacular toothpick that they could
 use over and over again.
 They would often wear it in a box around their neck on a chain yeah you would carry your
 toothpick that's there's in this book he claims that there is definitely evidence that during
 the renaissance that used to be done.
 Like people used to carry their knives around this stuff did people just have a load of
 cutlery attached to their body all the time.
 Spoon on the nose.
 There's an anonymous painting that was done called Queen Elizabeth as an old woman which
 shows her wearing multiple chains around her neck and one of them which would have had her
 toothpick in and we know that she had toothpicks because in 1570 there's an account of her
 having received a gift of six gold toothpicks as well as and this seems to have disappeared
 from sort of day use tooth cloths never heard of that a little cloth for your teeth I guess
 instead of a brush did you just like hang yeah that's really maybe yes I know you should
 get one of these things to hang around your neck and you could just keep one toothpick
 in there yeah problem solved I think that's a really good idea because at the moment I
 replace the toothpick back into my huge bowl of toothpicks that I keep in every room and
 then you don't know which one you last used it's not very hygienic at all are you kidding
 no you put it back in the I don't think that's the point of the toothpick holder other people
 find that weird but it seems so wasteful to just use it once absolutely there's a toothpick
 mystery that I think has been in the back of everyone's mind since the day you first
 saw one of these toothpicks okay you know the toothpicks which are called Japanese toothpicks
 and they have little grooves at one end oh yeah those are the fancy ones in my mind they're
 the fancy ones exactly usually you see them in maybe a nicer restaurant and why do they
 have those grooves so they don't roll as easily off the table increase your grip avoid stabbing
 yourself in the gum grip very good answer rolling don't know because they're not that
 the grooves aren't going that way so I don't know if that would help okay what they're
 for is they are for snapping the end off to indicate the toothpick has been used which
 would you would not need to do if you were me but a lot of people like to say this has
 been done don't use it and also someone pointed out I don't know if this was in mind when
 they were designed but you can then use the end you've snapped off as a stand so another
 problem I always have with toothpicks is that the end is lying on a table or a chair or
 sofa and that gets dirty right whereas if you prop it up with its other end that you've
 snapped off isn't that so clever yeah it's really clever yeah people think that you shouldn't
 use toothpicks though right a lot of dentists say you shouldn't really use them what because
 they can pierce your gums and give bacteria a chance to get in because they're quite spiky
 especially the wooden ones so you're using them wrong well the American Dental Association
 suggests not to use them they say you should use them there are certain better like softer
 toothpicks that you can use rather than those wooden ones writer Sherwood Anderson died because
 he swallowed a toothpick okay that is using it wrong there's one thing to just poke it
 into your gum but to eat the entire thing well in fairness to him it was from a martini
 so okay so the olive presumably he was going for that he must have really been thirsty
 he must have been rushing to the bar can't wait to get that first drink I'm just going
 to drink the whole thing and there was a study in the New England Journal of Medicine about
 someone who swallowed a toothpick and nearly died it had been hidden in a sandwich by which
 I don't think someone had actually hidden it I think maybe it was holding the sandwich
 together and I haven't noticed it but the problem is because it was made of wood all
 of these scans you couldn't see it and even when they gave them a colonoscopy they couldn't
 see it because it's so small and even when they did surgery it was really hard to see
 because the hole was so so tiny and it was only eventually when they were doing the
 surgery they kind of found the toothpick lodged in his artery and they realised that that
 was the problem is it a huge this is a test in the artery would that come out if it made
 it to his stomach would that have come out in would it have been broken down it's not
 guaranteed to so this year there was a report manager Pan he'd swallowed a toothpick and
 he had months of pain in his back and leg and it had been stuck in his basically in
 his rectum and it's a seven centimetre long toothpick he'd swallowed by mistake but this
 so this does happen apparently in the 1980s in America alone 8,000 people a year were
 being injured by toothpicks but not swallowing that's not by a lot of swallowing they just
 lying good that he for table and it was presumably injuries could be from accidentally poking
 your throat too hard or like what are you going in your mouth you might make a mistake
 you might miss your mouth it's quite hard even to get to the back molars to be honest
 a lot of people use it I mean I think q-tips were invented because the guy who invented
 q-tips saw his wife using a toothpick on her son or daughter's ears to pick out so like
 you know people do use it for weird things I think in fairness they were putting a bit
 of cloth on the end of the toothpick it wasn't just shoving in the spiky okay because I have
 done that with a toothpick wow yeah this is not my children on me right really yeah inside
 your ear yeah wow I think I've got to say the personal hygiene of all of both of you
 thank you James thank you it was more than two meters now don't you but there are lots
 of this is this is a huge problem there was a dentist who was interviewed by an outlet
 called shore news he was called Jamie Bell he said more people choke on toothpicks than
 on food which I find it's true yeah I saw that but I can't be true can it I mean okay
 but there was an analysis of toothpicks swallowing cases which had made it to medical journals
 because obviously most toothpick incidents probably don't make it to a medical journal
 but of the ones which make it to medical journals 10% a fatal of toothpicks swallowing incidents
 which is a lot scary and of though of all of the cases which are made into the journals
 half the patients didn't know that they'd swallowed a toothpick so it seems like it's
 easier to do so Anna check yourself I think I think it's with what we were saying before
 I've been to a few restaurants where to hold a big burger together a toothpick goes in and
 it goes in a bit too far and you find yourself hitting on a toothpick as you're biting into
 the burger like that's where that's where the yeah they've obviously been fashionable
 throughout history in terms of having them sticking out of your mouth very cool it is
 cool very cool look was very dangerous yeah you're a bad boy basically is that why cowboys
 are doing it is to signify they don't value their own life so 1870s it was extremely cool
 for people to be chewing on toothpicks apparently every third woman in a particular area of
 Boston had one sticking out of her mouth at any one time well this was this was Charles
 Foster's boom right yes was as a result this was the moment 1870s when it erupted but even
 before that people obviously went around doing it was reading a 16th century book of kind
 of table manners and advised do not go around with a toothpick in your mouth like a bird
 going to build his nest or stick it behind your ear like a barber does his comb which
 obviously implies people are people are doing that yeah have you guys heard of Stan Monroe
 no Stan Monroe ten years ago his wife had a few operations but while she was having
 her operations Stan Monroe needed to take his mind off things and so started to build
 stuff out of toothpicks and he has built the most buildings out of toothpicks of anyone
 in the world he says the quickest one he had to do was the Washington Monument even though
 it's really big one toothpick it's more than one toothpick the Eiffel Tower is four going
 up to the same point they're very very intricate he uses actual blueprints to make them they're
 all built one to 164 scale every single one and what's really cool is that he read that
 the workers on the Empire State Building when they did the real Empire State Building they
 used to carve their wives names into the buildings and so in all of his toothpick buildings he
 has his wife's names somewhere in them I guess possibly into a few because otherwise that
 would be quite small but yeah well there is this guy called Willard Wigan who we've actually
 mentioned once before ages ago who does tiny sculptures and one of the things he does is
 he sculpts into individual toothpicks and he'll sculpt famous people so he did back in the
 year 2000 he did the Beckham so David Beckham is one toothpick Victoria Beckham is the other
 their kid was the other I mean it's tiny and it took him a week I think Willard Wigan is
 he the man behind the impossible micro world in Bath I think yes yes he is exactly they
 had a touring exhibition it was the most incredible thing I've ever seen it was so good yes you
 do you do he has sorry I didn't see the Beckham's I don't know if they were in that exhibition
 but I remember he did a horse a statue of a horse dancing and the statue itself was
 balanced on the head of an ant which was in the display case he's unbelievable I wrote
 him once but he never wrote back he might have done but his letter was so small just
 a tiny toothpick through your letter box okay it's time for our final fact of the show and
 that is Andy my fact is that there is a blue plaque in London which has its own blue plaque
 pretty cool yeah why does it why well the original plaque plaque one as I'm going to
 call it from now on is to Isaac Newton and it was his home when he was the president
 of the Royal Society it's in German Street which is quite near Piccadilly in London and
 the building was rebuilt and it was finished in 1915 and the plaque was reattached but
 it then had a supplementary plaque attached saying this plaque was you know reattached
 it's not round the bonus plaque plaque to is rectangular okay no and I should say I got
 this from someone I know Will Noble who had seen it in the works of Marc Mason who we
 know who's been on fish and has been on fish yeah yeah now my understanding of blue plaques
 the English heritage blue plaques is that to earn a blue plaque you need to have made
 a significant and positive contribution to society I would be interested to know what
 contribution that plaque made to society you know can I get a plan I mean how easy can
 it be I think maybe that was before the rules were tightened up so English heritage took
 over in about the 1980s they took over from the London County Council and the London County
 Council took over from maybe the Royal Society of Arts the first people to do it with the
 Royal Society of Arts it's been through about four bodies have had the responsibility of
 putting up blue plaques and English heritage are now just in London the ones they do and
 they are if you like the original maybe the best they're certainly the most stringent
 in their requirements because there are dozens and dozens of facts in it yeah the first thing
 you need to do is die yeah and then you need to have been dead for 20 years yeah yeah so
 get in there early and then someone has to nominate you but you're only allowed to nominate
 one person a year if you're a member of the public yeah so you can't just send loads and
 loads of what about this person what about this person what about this person and then
 it goes to a panel of 12 people including a few historians like Rosemary Hill and David
 Olusoga and people like that and then they decide and then you have another problem because
 you have to find the owner of the building and sometimes they don't reply to your emails
 or they don't want you know they don't want they write back but tiny you put up a tiny
 plaque the size of a button but yeah some people don't want them on their house do they
 is that I mean surely if out of sheer selfishness I guess it would increase the value of the
 building well there was an interview with Howard Spencer who's in charge of English
 heritage and he said that it does increase the value of your house for sure but not by
 enough he said you'd be better off modernizing a bathroom but in the same article I read
 there was an interview with Caroline Mittwock who is a researcher who lives on Wimpol Street
 which is where Frederick Treves who was a surgeon of the Elephant Man lived and she
 says it can be quite annoying because you get tourists kind of stood outside gawping
 at the front of your house and when you're trying to come in with your bags of shopping
 you don't want to go around them so yeah it is there are frustrations but also they're
 so strict about the rules and there was a complaint a few years ago someone wanted a
 plaque to Elizabeth Taylor okay and they had written back saying it's not yet 20 years
 since she died and we are not as a result going to consider her and the guy who had made the
 suggestion had kind of promised to Elizabeth Taylor that he would try and get her a plaque
 and he said it's so annoying they should just weigh the rule because in 20 years all the
 fans who would have paid attention will themselves be dead and no one will pay any interest and
 I would have thought that's kind of the point of why the 20 year rule exists yeah he's identified
 as the reason for the rule and I was just going yes thank you for confirming we've made
 the right choice. Although there was one person called Phillip Jones who was a trumpet player
 who died in 2000 and people think that he probably will have a blue plaque in the end
 but the problem was they had to wait 20 years and that would mean that his wife who's still
 living would probably never get to see it so you know you can see in a way that it would
 be nicer for some people to get it a bit. Yeah it would be nice but I'm afraid it's not the
 point of a blue plaque to make everyone's Tom, Dick and Harry's wives happy it's meant to
 be someone who's making a lasting contribution to the world and if everyone's forgotten you
 after 20 years then I'm afraid you don't deserve one. Okay well if you want one you can just
 buy one yourself. Yeah. It doesn't really matter I mean there's nothing to stop you from just
 buying one on your own house. Absolutely I did find a blue plaque that went to someone
 who had only died 12 years before receiving it. Who? Is this in the olden days? No this
 is in modern days. I say someone it's an animal Dolly the sheep. Oh but it's sheep
 years. It's actually 60 years. Did they only make the one plaque for Dolly? Idiots. Yeah
 that's in the Society of Biology in Edinburgh at the Roslyn Institute. There can't be many
 quadrupeds who have plaques. I think the only other one I could find was the dog who was
 the dog of the HMV painting his master's voice dog. Oh Nipah. Nipah's got a plaque somewhere.
 These are all proper. This is an English heritage I think there are probably quite a lot of other
 pet plaques. There's a couple of bipeds I know humans are bipeds as well but feathered
 bipeds plaques which are pigeons who were like during the world war two kind of gave
 messages and stuff from World War One. That's really cool. But not English heritage or English
 heritage. Not sure. There's even fictional characters that get given blue plaques. So
 I was reading that one person who's real Charles Dickens has so many he's got like 44 plaques
 around the UK you know so many places he went to and wrote a book there and so on so scattered
 across the UK he has them but even his characters have some plaques so Market Square and Dover
 is where David Copperfield apparently rested on a doorstep and ate a loaf and that has a
 plaque. I have to say I think that's insane. So there is a guy called Mike. Oh well Mike
 Reed the DJ. Yeah. He is the chairman of the British plaque trust and a few years ago
 he made a sizzling intervention in the debate. He said there are way too many plaques and
 he quoted that one Dan from David Copperfield saying this is madness. Although there are
 plaques where you know there's a hotel where JRR Tolkien stayed for a couple of nights.
 Yeah. He had a weekend break. But again like Hannah says these aren't the official English
 heritage ones is that right? That's correct. Yeah none of them are. So those Dickens ones
 like Dickens does not have 44 English heritage plaques. So basically I don't really count
 plaques as plaques unless they're English heritage. Really? They're not blue plaques.
 They can be blue but they're not. They're not capital B, capital P. They can't be the
 colour blue but that's obviously completely different to them. I mean blue plaques can
 be brown can't they? Yes the original blue plaques are brown. Yes. Very confusing. Howard
 Spencer said that we have no copyright on the colour of plaques. That's fair. We just
 asked people try to make your style of plaque a bit different than ours. Wow. And some people
 do but some people really don't. Some people don't. Why would you? No I know. If you're
 going to put your own plaque on your front door you're going to make it look as much
 like theirs as possible like you. The way to tell by the way if you are a blue plaque
 spotter and you really are like Hannah and you think only the English heritage ones are
 the true plaques then look for the screws because official blue plaques do not have
 screws. They're kind of flush onto the stonework and the fake ones tend to be screwed up. Good
 to know. That is a really good tip. Did you guys do about Frank and Sue Ashworth? The
 blue plaque team. Oh the makers yeah. The makers of the only plaques. So they've been
 doing English heritage as blue plaque since 1984 when they took over from the previous
 guy who died but they got the recipe that he'd been using for a specific recipe. How
 many years did they have to wait until they were given the recipe? Yeah so it was the
 widow of the previous person who gave them the recipe and they're so great. They live
 in Cornwall. They're hoping to hand down the business to their son Justin. There's a great
 video I think it's on the English heritage site of Sue, the mother and her son Justin
 who I guess they've been training up. And it's just a great family bickering session
 so they're obviously doing a documentary about plaque making. He's making this plaque
 like doing the engravings. She's giving the interview to the camera saying I'm very aware
 of how important it is not to interrupt while people are concentrating and I try really
 hard not to interrupt Justin and Frank. And then literally Justin starts talking about
 what a perfectionist he is and she says the entire time interrupting him saying I'm so
 sorry. You're doing it a bit. Oh I just think the lettering is a bit thick. Sorry. Sorry
 for interrupting. It is a bit thick there. It's just annoying to have to pare it down
 isn't it Justin. It's so sweet. Oh so funny. They're really sweet. They're lovely. Also
 the other person who fits into this scheme apart from the Ashworth family is a man called
 Trevor Ramsey from Sunderland. Did you find out about him? No. No. He is the man who fits
 all the blue plaques and he's done 200 of them in the last 16 years. Cool. Yeah and he is
 the one who creates the hole in the wall so it fits perfectly flush. And yeah as James
 says it can't be screwed on. There has to be a perfectly sized hole in the wall and he
 hangs the curtains as well. I always wondered who did the curtains. I love the curtains.
 I didn't know though. So there's a big reveal moment. Oh yeah. Always. There's always a
 reveal. You know those curtains where I now declare this. Yeah yeah yeah. And I just I'd
 never knew who made the curtains. No I think not very many people do. I think you're not
 going to get laughed out of a pub if you say you know I'm so embarrassed about this but
 I don't even know who makes the curtains. Another hack question in tonight's pub quiz.
 Everyone gets it. The first ever plaque doesn't exist anymore. The first plaque put up in London
 and it was to Lord Byron and the house was demolished. It's now the central London John
 Lewis. And we don't even know which house it was because I think there's no clear evidence
 as to which house Byron actually lived in. It was very early in his life but it was it
 was destroyed in a bomb in the wall and then another one was put up. I wonder if he'd be
 happy that it's now selling overpriced crockery. Yeah. Okay. Someone's not tried the everyday
 range. Truly the spirit of Byron lives on. Okay. That's it. That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening. If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about
 the things that we have said over the course of this podcast we can be found on our Twitter
 accounts. I'm on @Shrieberland, Andy, @AndyHunterM, James, @JamesHarkin and Anna. You can email
 podcast@qo.com. Yep. Or you can get us on our group account which is @NoSuchThing or
 go to our website. NoSuchThingIsAfish.com. All of our previous episodes are up there
 as well as links to all of the places that we are going to be going to on our upcoming
 UK tour. Do check it out. Please come see us live. It's going to be awesome. But otherwise,
 we'll see you again next week with another episode. Goodbye.
 (upbeat music)
