 Hey everybody, welcome to this special bonus episode of no such thing as a fish recorded
 in the BBC during a live broadcast of the one show, a massive BBC show if you haven't heard of it
 overseas. We were in another room doing a live recording and all of our subjects matched what they
 were talking about live as the show was going out. You can actually go onto BBC iPlayer and watch
 that episode. You'll see footage of us, you'll see us giving them facts to talk about during the show,
 but here's what we did during that show. Have a listen. If you're new to us, please go and listen
 to all our other episodes. If you're a regular, tomorrow there will be a normal episode and, uh,
 yeah, okay, on with the bonus episode.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of no such thing as a fish, a weekly podcast this week coming
 to you from the BBC Studios in central London for our one off, The One Show Special. My name is
 Dan Schreiber. I'm sitting here with James Harkin, Anna Chazinski, and Andy Murray. We'll also be
 joined for a quick cameo by hosts of The One Show, Alex Jones and Matt Baker. So here we go. We've
 once again gathered around the microphones this time to discuss topics featured on tonight's
 episode of The One Show and in a very particular order here we go starting with you, James Harkin.
 Okay. My fact is actually about The One Show and it is that the total number of hours people
 spent watching The One Show this year is the same as the total number of hours that have passed since
 humans left Africa. That's amazing. Wow. That's a lot of hours. How many hours? Yeah, how many is it?
 Oh, come on. What's that in minutes? Sorry. So this has been a bit of a back of the envelope kind of
 work that I did based on the idea that it's half hour show and would you say it took you more or
 less longer than that to work it out? Well, that's what I had been doing all day. But yeah, about
 4.2 million viewers isn't the per show? Okay. It's on almost every day and that's the total number.
 That's amazing. 60,000 years. That is astonishing. I got told a slightly similar thing a while ago.
 So John Lloyd, for those who you were listening, that's the creator of QI. He used to make a show back
 in the day which starred Rowan Atkinson called Not the Nine o'clock News. A bunch of other people,
 but Rowan Atkinson was in it. And they basically they did four series, 27 episodes and every episode
 had about 32 sketches in every episode. They were asked to make eight new episodes compiling all
 the best episodes. So John wanted to find out how many permutations there could be of that. So he
 asked a mathematician friend of his and the guy came back and he said, listen, it's quite a big number.
 In fact, the number of come back with exceeds the number of particles in the observable universe.
 That's how big that number was. That's why you never ask a mathematician anything.
 It was just for the actual work here. It was 10 to the power of 82.
 It's only just over the number of particles in the known universe, which I think is about 10 to
 the 79. Oh, really? Yeah, yeah, yeah. You just casually know that. There's a thing happened to know
 all the number of particles. Have you counted them? That's awesome. So TV facts, I think that's... Well,
 I wanted to... So I believe one of the presenters of the one show today used to present Blue Peter.
 And I read a really good thing about Blue Peter. And I can only find it in one book that's called
 TV's Strangest Moments. But it's about Blue Peter in the 1970s. It was when it was being hosted by
 someone called Ben Folk. And... Oh, hang on. I'm just going to cut you for a second.
 We're about to go live to the one show with the hosts Alex and Matt. Well, listen, if you do like a
 fact, you are in love tonight because watching the short live from the depths of the BBC are the
 researchers from QI, also known as the QI elves. Now, they are obsessed with facts and will spend the
 next half an hour adding their own weird and wonderful trivia to tonight's programme. And you'll
 be able to listen to what the elves actually have been up to via a podcast that'll be on the one show
 Facebook page. So we're going to interrupt them right now. James, if you can hear me, can we have a
 one show of facts, please? Hi there. Yes, you can. My fact in our podcast, in fact, is that the total
 number of hours people spent watching the one show this year is the same as the number of hours
 that have passed since humans left Africa. Okay, so I believe before that I was talking about
 blue Peter. So there was an episode of blue Peter in the 1970s and the special guest was an eagle
 owl and the piece was about how eagle owl, an eagle owl pet got along really well with this mouse
 and it befriended it and how like if you have an animal in captivity, then you know what you
 would have thought would be their instincts are overcome. And so the owner of the eagle owl brought it on
 and there was this apparently the script went the host was saying amazing so the eagle owl sitting
 there and it was playing with the mouse between its claws and the mouse was running around underneath
 its feet and the eagle owl was just looking down and the host said that's amazing because in the wild
 of course they would be natural enemies and then he was interrupted at that moment by the eagle
 owl throwing the mouse up into its mouth and swallowing it at which point apparently the producer just
 said okay take to blue Peter eagle owl without the mouse this time. I think this recorded it saying
 the mouse couldn't make it today but he's very good friends. That was there's an outtake a very famous
 David Adam Brow take where he's talking about the incredible sonar of bats and that it's impossible
 that a bat would ever find to your head and literally as he's saying a bat just smacked him in the face.
 Can I tell you a very favorite recent TB fact of mine? Yes I read so a fan noticed this when they
 were watching TBS in America so one of my favorite shows is Seinfeld so obviously when you're doing
 TV shows adverts are the thing that makes your channel money and they decided very randomly to subtly
 speed up episodes of Seinfeld so they could fit more ads into the show so they sped it up by 7.5%
 and they managed to get two more minutes of ad space. But Seinfeld sounds like he's on helium the whole
 time. It's exactly every time you noticed. I am currently watching Seinfeld and Veep at the same time
 and I'm getting Julia Louis Dreyfus Whiplash because she's in both shows. So if you're watching them
 at the same time do you have to mute one while you're watching them at the same time. I'm watching
 an episode of Veep and then one of Seinfeld. I have a fact about early television and early
 development of television so the first ever TV show was in Selfridges in London. Yeah it was a
 demonstration by John Loughy Baird who invented the television in 1925 and the images that they
 depicted were called shadow graphs. How cool is that? He said the device was called a televisor
 where there are all sorts of amazing names from the early days of television that we don't have
 anymore. That shadow graph is cool we should still use that. Watching shadow graphs on the one show
 today. Actually on that Selfridges moment I love the fact that I think that was in 1928 and he was
 selling his televisions at the time and there was nothing to be watched on them because the first
 broadcast wasn't until 1929. But a bunch of people bought them so a bunch of people just bought
 televisions going I bet these will come in handy one day. It's a bit like when you used to buy
 3D TVs back in the day when they first came out and there was nothing on TV that was in 3D just like
 one thing. About old TVs you were just saying. The oldest British television that still works
 is called a Marconi phone. It was made in 1936 and they've got one version of it they found one
 and the great thing about it is it's got a volume up and down button. You can move the picture
 up and down but it has no channel changing button and that's because there was only one channel
 in those days. So there was no need for a channel changing. That's amazing guys we're going to have
 to move on we're keeping it pace with the one show that's going along and right now as we are talking
 their live talking about sinkholes so we're going to move to our second fact and that is you Chuzinski.
 Yes my fight is that the largest object ever discovered is a hole. It's a whole what. It's just a
 hole. A hole no w. It's a hole in space. It's called the super void and it's 1.8 billion light years
 across which is a size that makes absolutely no sense to any of us. So isn't the universe 14
 billion years across isn't that how we know the. Right yes. How old the. Yeah. As in the distance
 from here to the edge of the observable universe. I was asked how it works. How is it 1.8 billion light
 years across. So more than a tenth of the width of the universe. It's large and it's sort of
 confounded science because it shouldn't scientifically exist so it doesn't accord with our theories of
 the shape of the universe and how it works. Oh and also the universe is infinite isn't it so it's
 not 14 billion years it's just that old. We're getting really deep. Yeah we've got half an hour
 for me to explain the size of the universe is going to be a bit much. Okay. But anyway it's this empty
 space it has far fewer galaxies than it's supposed to have in it so it's not completely empty it's
 just much less densely packed than it should be and physicists don't understand why it's missing
 an estimated 10,000 galaxies. So there are 10,000 galaxies missing if anyone knows where they are
 right into one show I guess. Much like Somerset in that respect and that it's so lovely there should
 be a lot more in it but it's still very it's still very unapobulated for how gorgeous the place is.
 It's exactly like Somerset yes. Are you saying that Somerset is a whole? No I'm saying it's really nice.
 I'm sure this bit of the universe is really nice. I have a fact about sinkholes. So sinkholes
 they open up under the ground when the ground underneath is eaten away sometimes it's by acidic
 rain or sometimes there's another collapse underground sinkholes there are about 32,000 in the UK
 and in 2011 a woman from Florida or basically all the Florida sinkholes up and down it's so prone
 to it. A woman in Florida called Carl Chapman fell into a sinkhole for the second time in two years.
 Such bad luck. Was it the same sinkhole? No different sinkholes and she survived both times this is
 the nice thing because they're really dangerous you know. I was googling interesting holes on earth
 and he's now been added to a government list. Well I discovered a really exciting one which is
 located in Oregon in America it's called the Deluxe Mystery Hole. Now according to the owner
 and it's promoter. It's the owner an advertiser. Actually he sounds amazing the owner. He said that
 it's buried beneath his backyard it's an amazing archaeological site. It's been explored it's been
 explored via psychic archaeology. He's reveals wonders down there with names like the Black Obsidian Mirror
 of a higher truth and the door that's never been opened. Is this actually you just found some fiction
 haven't you? No. I'm sorry this is a pastor he's called Pastor Baron. What's it called again? It's
 called the Deluxe Mystery Hole. Yeah is there an economy mystery hole? Which is just a slightly
 smaller hole. This guy he runs a he calls himself the leader of the tunnel people and he's the head
 of the Universal Church of Oofun. Have you heard that? The Church Oofun. No but you know what?
 It sounds fun. It does. Yeah so that's to me that was my biggest interesting hole. I have a massive
 sinkhole. There's one on Mars which is 5,000 meters deep and it's 200 miles long and Mars is
 a lot smaller than Earth so actually it's a it's a really big proportion of the planet it's bigger
 than the Grand Canyon. But you wouldn't fall into that because you could definitely see it coming.
 So I think if you were that woman in Florida. Carla Chapman if you're listening do not go to Mars.
 Did you I find this really incredible the deepest man made hole on Earth is only nine inches across.
 I love that I think it's not true. What about mines? Yeah this is much deeper than a mine. So this
 is the cola super deep borehole and it was made by the so very few people know that during the cold
 war there was a space race but there was also as importantly some would argue the digging race and
 we were competing the US was competing with the USSR to see you could dig further and the Soviet
 Union won and they dug this borehole that was nine inches diameter but it was over 12 kilometers deep
 and if you go to it now it's just like it looks like a little manhole cover it's just a rusting metal
 manhole cover nine inches wide because 12 kilometers deep so do not fall into that. You ain't getting
 out. These struggles fall into something that's been wouldn't you? But if you're out walking your pet
 weasel be careful. I actually find it totally extraordinary that speaking of that the man as a species
 we've reached 20 billion miles beyond the earth but only 7.5 miles but only 12 kilometers deep.
 Well they're trying to go down now further aren't they? They are. But it is tougher to dig
 through than it is to go up. There's not a lot of molecules in there. There's a lot more molecules
 down. They're going to start doing it they're going to start doing it through the ocean so they're
 going to go to the bottom of the ocean and then start going down but they're really going to go down
 like thinner than a pencil's thickness to go down to the mantle. Because the crust is a lot thinner
 down there. It makes it easier. It's clever. It makes total sense. Did any of you guys sorry going?
 No, no, no. Did any of you guys see I mean this is just a silly new story but that woman in
 a film a few months ago who fell into a sinkhole but it was outside a cafe and they'd surrounded
 it with cafe chairs and tables to warn people that the sinkhole was present. And she walked in.
 The QI research team aka the QI elves are listening into tonight's show.
 Yes so the idea is that they're using the one choice inspiration for an online radio programmer
 which you will be able to download later via our Facebook. Yeah they sort of part of our show
 on where you part of theirs. So shall we interrupt them to think? Yes that's a sinkhole. So how's John
 giving you any inspiration in any way? Oh yes he has. So you were saying that his new DVD is called
 Supersonic. Yeah. Now did you know that every time you pop a party balloon you are going supersonic
 as in you are breaking the speed of sound because the speed at which the latex retracts
 is faster than the speed of sound. So the bang you hear when a balloon pops is a sonic boom.
 That's the reason I call it supersonic. So here's a thing so sinkholes can come at any time. They
 could just arrive. Another thing that could just come at any time is a kimbalite pipe and this could
 happen anywhere in the world at any time. It's more likely to happen in certain places admittedly
 but it could happen in your front room and it's just a little pipe that comes up from the middle of
 the ground and it's where diamonds come from. Most of the world's diamonds come from these things. Wow
 theoretically one could pop up from the ground any second. So keep an eye out everybody. Look at your
 feet at all times. Who's putting them into the pipes? It's a very eccentric way of giving away your
 wealth. James was planting them there just so you could say that facts. He lives into the future.
 Yeah. No they're like magma little holes of magma which putt for a lot a lot of pressure and they
 get the carbon make it really really tight and turn it into diamonds and they pop up through these
 pipes. I have one more really quick sinkhole facts. Okay yeah which is that they're thought the sinkholes
 in Yorkshire in Ripon is it a thought to have inspired Alice in Wonderland how she gets down to Wonderland.
 She falls into a hole by the base of a tree. It's thought that because of the landscape around there it's
 really sink holy. Wow. And then if you remember the book they call the fire engine and there's a
 rope and put it down and she is helped out again. There was a cafe table and chairs around the outside
 of the tree. A lady from Florida she first met. Okay it's time for the Kestrel's VT that they're
 about to do on the one show which brings us then to our third fact about Kestrel's and that's my
 fact and my fact this week is that in 2012 a Kestrel was arrested in Turkey on suspicion of spying.
 So it was amazing. What happened? Well I remember reading about this and it was it was in Turkey they
 thought it was an Israeli spy didn't they and then they I think they kept it in the in the case for a
 little while and then decided just to let it go. We've covered this a number of times on our show
 of inappropriate arrests on being the coconut and the moldeaves which was arrested. Arrested is
 wrong word actually it was detained and it was held in a cell for two hours where it was in yeah
 because where would you put the handcuffs? Exactly but it was it was visited by a the country's
 leading investigator slash magician and he came in and he questioned it for two hours came back
 out afterwards and went night and do it and they released it. They released the coconut back
 into the world. He could have said he's a tough nut to crack. I wish he had done. Oh that coconut
 is very shy. Oh my god. Wasted so many wasted opportunities. Kestrel's their name means little
 bell ringing falcon. It's so sweet. The left of them is Falco tinunculus because it makes a little
 key key key cry that's what it sounds like so it sounds like little bells ringing. Well do you
 know where the word Kestrel comes from? No. It's so it's very similar so Kestrel comes from the
 French word Kresel and that used to be the word for a leper's bell so you know in medieval times lepers
 used to carry bells and at first it was so that it was better for sort of begging purposes but then when
 things like the black death came then it became legal that lepers had to carry bells to sort of warn
 people to stay away from them because it was thought that even if you looked at a leper you could get
 leprosy. That's if there are some people think that that you know might not be why they had bells
 but lepers bells were a thing and Kestrel's a named after lepers bells because they make that
 sort of shrieking bell sound rattle sound. That's very cool. So in the VT that they were showing about
 Kestrel's they were showing how gliders were using their gliding their planes up there and how
 the Kestrel's kind of similar to it. I was looking a bit into teradactyls. The biggest of teradactyls
 was so large that they couldn't fly. Really? What they could do though was go to the top of a peak
 or a mountain and glider. John Paugh. Do you know sorry just speaking of gliders. George Kaley who
 is a British guy. He is like the father of aeronautics. When he was practicing flying his glider rather than
 put himself in it he put his coachman in. This guy called John Applebee and after the glider had
 successfully flown and John Applebee became the first person to fly in a man-made machine
 and landed safely. He approached his boss and said, "Please, George, I wish to give notice. I was
 hired to drive and not to fly." And he quit his job. Wow. Yeah. And then you put a small boy in a glider
 about 20 years later. I have a fact about gliders as well. So second world war in coldets the prisoners
 that built a glider in an escape attempt and they never got to fly it. I think the war ended before
 they got the chance. But it was an incredible thing. They built a false wall in the attic and they
 were in a castle with only one exit which has three heavily guarded gates. So they think, "Well,
 we'll just fly out. It's fine." And they made it out of bedsheets and the struts inside were made
 of floorboards that they ripped up and they also had to coat the bedsheets in porridge to give it
 starchy qualities to make it stiffer. Are you sure you're not describing the sea called a home alone?
 No, I promise this is true. And they built it and they were planning to, if you like that,
 they were planning to build a runway on the castle roof and then to get up speed on the glider,
 they were going to fill a bathtub with concrete and run it down the runway, building up speed.
 So the glider could get up enough speed to fly. And a team at Channel 4 in 2012 recreated it
 and it worked. But then the dummy pilot inside was decapitated.
 He gave his notice immediately. Just back to Kestrel's. Yeah.
 There were five in 2012 there were five babies in America given the name Kestrel,
 who are male and eight females who are given the word Kestrel. There are a few others in 2000,
 but no other year on record have there been five people because I only have records of up to five
 people with that name, but no other year. So just 2012 and 2000. Wow. Big year for the Kestrel.
 So it's still up for grabs whether it's male or female name? Yeah, exactly.
 I did see a list called the Great Big List of bird names for girls and Kestrel was very low on the
 list. So maybe it's maybe it's rising 2012 though. That was topping that list. Yeah, exactly.
 Listen, as we're as we're talking live, we are watching live footage from the one show of a VT
 about vans, the transit van, and that brings us to our fourth fact, our final fact of the show.
 And that is you, Andy Murray. Okay, my fact is that the phrase van man predates the van.
 They were just walking around going, what am I going to try? They had no idea.
 Is this like when they bought those first television so they had no use for it? This is the same.
 Oh, be your van man. You can put me up whenever we have a van. If you need a shadow graph moved,
 I'm available for that. So the word van used to mean a covered truck or a wagon.
 Oh, like a caravan. Exactly. It comes from caravan. And the first use of the word van is in 1829.
 And van man, a mere 50 years later, 1881 is the first use of the phrase van man. So that's definitely
 before vans were there. But the phrase white van man, that famous sort of social trope, is only in 1997.
 That was invented really late. I'm actually, I have to say, I've never heard the phrase van man.
 Is this a well-known thing people have been talking about behind my back?
 Man man with van. Yeah, it's often used for vans. All people with vans.
 Plural is men with men, which is what I say. No, I've heard of that.
 Yeah, exactly. I see in a diagram that explains who they are.
 So I was on Ford's website and they said that there are 3.4 million vans in the UK.
 And they travel a total of 63 billion miles during 2014. What? Which sounds ridiculous, doesn't it?
 That would get them to Pluto and back six and three quarter times, according to my calculation.
 But loading is £10 extra. And you have to pay the fuel.
 And the other thing which I found which is 63 billion miles is if you could uncoil all of the DNA
 within an adult's 100 trillion cells, it would extend to over 63 billion miles.
 Just some enormous numbers that are very difficult to comprehend that.
 That Ford website is amazing, actually. If you have a ponch on for transit vans,
 go to lookup of transit van facts. It'll take you to the Ford website. It has the most amazing
 list of van facts and about 2,000 of them. So that include the fact that baby elephants were once
 transported in transit vans at Regent's Park Zoo. They need to move some baby elephants,
 shove them in the back of a van. And there's a hilarious photo from 1973 where a transit van had to
 carry a 49 foot long fake dinosaur model from Kent up to Scotland. And it's going on the motorway.
 And the transit van, the van is about an eighth the size of this dinosaur, which is just hanging over it.
 That's great. That's amazing. There's been some big news in ice cream van news.
 Yeah, well, I didn't realize that there was any ice cream van news to be had, but there is apparently,
 they've had an extension on how long they're allowed to play their little chimes when they're
 coming into towns. I think it was about four seconds before, and they've extended it to 12 seconds now.
 Yeah, that's right. It always cuts off after four seconds, because you're just getting into green
 sleeves or whatever it is. I've never seen anything like a copyright thing. They don't have PRS on ice cream
 but I had no idea what the reason was. I just knew it kind of like when you know when a pigeon cuts
 off really suddenly, you think it's about to go on. I think that's the same reason, yeah, because
 legally, they're not allowed to churp for more than, you know, they've had the time between
 chimes on ice cream vans reduced as well, haven't they? Yeah, every two minutes now, rather than three.
 It's big, it's big exciting time in ice cream news, yeah. Do you know the third most popular ice cream
 van tune? So I think the most popular is green sleeves or something. The second most popular is
 another pop, you know, famous old classic tune. The third most popular tune they play is the match
 of the day theme tune, isn't it? Isn't that weird? Is it? I think I've heard the teddy bears picnic a lot.
 Is that from ice cream vans? Will you just play that in your bedroom? No, that's the only one that
 there's local to me. Wow, much of the day. That's great. Yeah, there you go. Do you know that
 Tommy Cooper used to help his parents run their ice cream van? His dad used to be, yeah. Yeah,
 and they used to go to fairs at the weekends and he would be vlogging ice creams. Is it not true,
 just speaking about ice creams about the Margaret Hatcher thing that she helped Mr. Whippy in the
 creation? That's not true, right? It's kind of true. She did, she was working for the company at the
 time and she was a chemist working with ice cream. Wow. But whether she actually did the specific
 Mr. Whippy thing, probably not. That's amazing. Calling back to gliders, there was that thing about
 Barbara Cartland, the author. She wrote, she helped design a glider that got towed into the air
 and that she did like a 200 kilometer trip in it. Wow, it's amazing. Yeah. Can I go back to transit
 vans? Yeah, of course, yeah. Okay, so when Ford are testing a transit van, they put it through
 an accelerated aging process. They plunge it through mud baths and salt baths and then the transit
 vans are forced to do figures of eight for a month. For a month? More driver. That's kind of
 very ridiculous. Yeah, they swap the drivers. Because that's putting the drivers through an accelerated
 aging process. So I just want to say one thing about a strong man called Salt Sinker who set a world
 record for pulling cars with his bare hands. He pulled 12 Ford cars, including a transit van,
 took him two hours and he had to pull it just five meters and then once he pulled it, they said,
 "Well, we won't give you the record until you turn around and pull it back the other way."
 And the reason was, they wanted to not think there was a slope there and they thought if there was
 a little slope that way, they'll be the same slope this way. Oh, I thought they just really wanted it
 parked back wherever it was originally. We're about to be interrupted one more time by the host of
 the show. Let's just quickly go to them. And John's stand-up DB D supersonic is out now. And thanks to
 the Kiwai elves, the one show special edition of a new such thing as a fish podcast would be available
 to download later on. Yes, and there are over a thousand more facts in the latest Kiwai book.
 Yeah, and we'll see tomorrow with Andy Hamilton. Bye. Good night.
 Okay, they're wrapping up our show. We should wrap up ours. Okay, that's it. That's all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening. If you've heard us for the first time on the show as we say at the
 top, please listen to any of our previous episodes and future ones to come. If you'd like to get in
 contact with us about any of the things we've said over the course of our podcasts, we can be found
 on our Twitter accounts. I'm on @Sribaland, James @XshapedAnna. You can email podcast@QI.com.
 Andy @AndruhunterM. Yep. And you can also go to no such thing as a fish.com. That is where all
 those previous episodes will be. We'll see you again next week. Have a good one. Goodbye.
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
