 Hey, everyone. Welcome to this week's episode and no such thing as a fish before we begin.
 We just want to let you in on the special guests that we have this week.
 He's called Jason Hazley and he is one of the people behind all the funny
 things you've probably seen on TV in the last however many years.
 He is behind that Michelin web look as one of the writers for that.
 He also writes for Charlie Brooker's screen wipe.
 He's also the co-writer along with his buddy Joel of the Ladybird books.
 Those adult ones have come out of the hipster and the cat and the hangover in the
 midlife crisis.
 They've got a whole new batch coming out this October, October the fifth.
 So do get them and he is on because he's a really good buddy of ours and he
 constantly sends us facts.
 And we just saw this guy's going to be amazing on the show and he was as you're
 about to hear. So enjoy this week's app. Here we go.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of no such thing as a fish, a weekly podcast
 coming to you from the QI offices in Covert Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I am sitting here with Annotch's in Ski, Andrew Hunter Murray and Jason Hazley.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite
 facts from the last seven days and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with you, Jason.
 My fact is the curator of the British lawnmower museum is allergic to grass.
 So is it his mission to destroy all the grass in the world with lawnmowers?
 By mowing it to work. Yeah, exactly.
 Yeah, yeah.
 So it's suddenly very hateful back museum.
 It's one act of revenge on gigantic scale.
 This is a guy called Brian Radham who runs the British lawnmower museum in Southport.
 He's an ex lawnmower racing champion.
 Oh, to say I mean he sits on lawnmowers.
 Yes, that's a rather cool race.
 But he had to give up racing because it was making him sneeze so much.
 Oh, so, so, but he, so he took his love of lawnmowers and turned it into the British lawnmower museum,
 which is a place to behold. I have to say.
 Have you been to it? Yeah, I have.
 Oh, is it actually really good?
 It's really good because it's one of those odd bits of the British museum
 that you sometimes get where you just get lots and lots of iterations of the same thing.
 Which just makes it so interesting.
 Yeah. So you're saying it's mainly lawnmowers?
 It is mainly lawnmowers, yeah.
 They do have what he calls grass cutters, which are lawnmowers he doesn't like.
 Like the flymo, for instance, because the flymo doesn't have the helical blade that cuts the grass.
 It has a thing that spins around and just wax at it.
 So he leaves a very unsatisfactory cut.
 So those are grass cutters, according to him, not lawnmowers.
 Right. So this, I, so I know that you've been there
 because I've read a book that you wrote called "Bollocks to Alt and Towers."
 Yes. And that's a chapter in it, right?
 It is. Yeah.
 So you did this as part of a big research mission.
 It was, yeah, it was the mission of the books to try and find places to go for a day out
 that were unexpected, unusual, esoteric, uncommercial.
 That sort of thing.
 And there's lots and lots of little museums all over Britain.
 You know, there's a pencil museum in Kessik famously.
 I've been there.
 Which is great.
 It is great.
 But they had a terrible time.
 They were really badly flooded out.
 Now, Kessik does flood, doesn't it?
 Yeah, and I think it was last, yeah.
 I think they might have only just reopened after this terrible, terrible flooding that they had.
 That sounds like to can survive flooding, can't they?
 You can, because a pen museum, that would have been a problem.
 Oh, terrible.
 But you can lash the pencils together into a massive raft.
 To escape a stride.
 Now, if it was a blotting paper museum, it would be really good, wouldn't it?
 Yeah, disaster.
 Did you see at the Lorma Museum, the celebrity Lorma?
 Certainly did.
 There is Brian May's Qualcast.
 They asked Nicholas Parsons for a donation of a Lorma.
 And he agreed.
 And then, unfortunately, his shed was broken into.
 And his Lorma was stolen.
 So he gave them a pair of secateurs instead.
 But the crowning bit of the celebrity department is Joe Pascuali's strimmer.
 What's so great about that?
 Well, because I think just those three words,
 marking out as being possibly the finest museum exhibit in the country, don't they?
 What I find really weird is that apparently they've got Albert Pierre points
 while the really famous hangman who hanged over 400 people,
 which is kind of a more bid thing to have in the museum.
 And someone on Pinterest pointed out when they went to the museum
 that it's actually hanging by a noose.
 No, is it?
 So that's quite nice.
 That is in TV's taste.
 Oh, I just saw it.
 He just said the least.
 He didn't know any of the condemned people to death.
 Nor did he hang any Lormos.
 You're right, that's been misrepresented.
 I forgot to mention the other significant thing about the Lorma Museum is that it's upstairs.
 So all those Lormos must feel fairly...
 We're in an alien habitat, you know, we're so funny.
 We're so far from the thing that we wish to cut.
 The Dalek Museum being upstairs.
 Yeah, it's great.
 They've got a couple of other quirky things there as well.
 They've got a two-inch Lormoa,
 which is a Lormoa that cuts a two-inch strip through the grass.
 Oh, wow.
 And Brian Radham, when he came across this,
 thought what on earth could this possibly have been for?
 So he rang the manufacturer and said,
 "Why did you make a two-inch Lormoa?"
 And they said, "We deny ever making a two-inch Lormoa."
 So no one knows what this thing was for.
 Oh, wow.
 Do you know about Finnish postmen and Lormos?
 So postmen in Finland have started in the last year,
 mowing their customers' lawns for a small fee,
 because they're trying to find extra things to do,
 because it doesn't take them all their time.
 And maybe I think post is declining a little bit
 in terms of the amount of post we've done.
 So on their quietest day, which is Tuesday,
 you can pay them, I think, about 60 quid a month,
 and they'll mow your lawn.
 Wow.
 But you have to provide the Lormoa.
 The very insistent about that.
 That's like in just on the postman, the lack of mail.
 In New Zealand now, there's one particular city
 that delivers KFC, as well as your mail.
 Wrap it around the bucket with an elastic band.
 Yeah, there's doing a thing in France
 where you can get postmen to go and check on your elderly relatives
 if you don't want to, I presume.
 You can pay, and it's called, "Watch over my parents."
 Well, and you can order them to call in
 and just check, no, just to check.
 They're all right, either two, four or six times a week.
 So in pre-Lormoa days, when people used to have to mow the lawn
 by hand, by size, there would be tailor-made size,
 which would stay the same length.
 And if you wanted to cut your grass different lengths
 in like the 17th, 13th centuries,
 then you added wooden blocks to your shoes or took them off.
 So if you had a lawn that you needed to be a bit longer,
 rather than changing the length of the size,
 or I guess the position where you held it,
 then you put some wooden planks under your shoes.
 Well, what if you were really short?
 And the size came in the same size.
 Wouldn't you end up just hacking into the earth?
 No, you just had to put very large wooden blocks under your shoes.
 I said, I understand.
 Your mowing stilts.
 I don't know the size of that long.
 Were they an accessory that you bought with them?
 I'm not sure if they came as a package.
 I'm sure they did a two-for-one deal.
 But you'd have to have all your gardeners
 would have to have different size blocks,
 wouldn't they, depending on their height?
 Yeah.
 And it's probably an amusing mix-up where two of the gardeners
 got the wrong block saw, and then, you know,
 one bit of lawn was uneven.
 Yeah, that was comedy sketches in the 18th century.
 We're all about incorrectly mowing grass.
 It was a better show.
 Unless you had a very strict height policy when hiring gardeners.
 Yes.
 For the other thing, like, you know,
 you must be this high to go on this ride.
 Yes.
 To be one of those.
 I was trying to find other people who were, so,
 lawnbower man, allergic to grass.
 I managed to find a journalist
 who's allergic to newspaper.
 Yeah, it's really unfortunate.
 He has to go, right, he still does his job,
 but he has to wear gloves now whenever he's at the office.
 And it's to do with the ink that they use
 inside his name's Michael Dresser.
 He's been with the paper 38 years,
 so he's had this allergy for a really long time.
 And it's the pine resin that they use in the newspaper ink.
 So, yeah, so he can't touch the newspaper.
 So he's allergic to that.
 Found a marathon runner who's allergic to exercise.
 You can be allergic to exercise.
 In what way?
 So, as soon as she started running
 and doing any kind of exercise,
 she would just come out with puffiness and rashes and all sorts.
 Does she still run marathons?
 Yeah, she does.
 Yeah.
 On other allergies, I think,
 isn't Lisa Stansfield allergic to her own saliva?
 Whoa!
 How do you...
 Pretty sure I've read that somewhere.
 I don't know.
 Or she's a singer.
 How do you deal with that?
 I guess, get yourself a job which involves having your mouth open
 a lot of the time, like she did.
 Oh, yeah.
 Wouldn't that provoke more saliva production?
 Good question.
 I haven't thought this through.
 Maybe she had one of those dentist things in her mouth the whole time.
 You know, when you're having any work done, they have that suction.
 Well, that would have showed up on her singles, though, wouldn't it?
 Yeah, but you might have mistaken that for that sort of Madonna-style microphone.
 Oh, that's true, yeah.
 She's the ones that goes into the mouth.
 There's a constant background harm on all of her singles.
 The dentist suction thing.
 That's incredible.
 Yeah.
 The other thing from the Lormo Museum is they've got...
 There was a prototype of a robot Lormo there, called it,
 made by Husqvarna, I think I've pronounced that right,
 which cost something like a million pounds to develop
 and had a retail price of £2,000.
 I'm so expensive that obviously it didn't sell very well,
 which is a shame because it's got a brilliant anti-theft device built into it.
 If it detects its being stolen, it starts screaming.
 So, Husqvarna developed a screaming robot Lormo.
 If only Nicholas Parsons had had one.
 Okay, it's time for fact number two, and that is Chuzanski.
 My effect this week is that Jimmy Carter once gave a speech in Poland
 where he accidentally announced he wanted to have sex with all Polish people.
 So, when he said we never fired a bullet,
 was he just talking about sexual frustration?
 This was his first trip abroad as president.
 It was in 1977, and he had this translator called Stephen Seymour,
 and he was a good translator, but Polish was his fourth language.
 And he was having to translate into Polish, and usually,
 a translator's translating from the language into English,
 if they all translate it.
 But Jimmy Carter asked him to translate his speech into Polish
 with Polish people, and he translated the phrase "I want to get to know the Polish people better"
 as "I want to have sex with the Polish."
 Or "I want to have carnal sexual knowledge of the Polish people."
 So, that's what he did, and he made all these other mistakes in this speech as well.
 For instance, he opened it by trying to say,
 "I left the US just this morning to come here,"
 and he ended up saying, "I left the US never to return."
 He was moving to Poland. That would be a major league defection,
 coup, for the Soviets.
 I read that another of the reasons was that Seymour,
 the original translator, was a really good translator of written Polish,
 but it wasn't quite so good at simultaneous spoken translation.
 I see. So maybe that was something to do with the tour.
 Okay, yeah.
 So he should have been writing it down on a big screen behind people, yeah.
 So my favourite Jimmy Carter mis-translation in one of his speeches
 is that we've all got one.
 He's got a greatest hits list.
 He was in Japan, and he was giving a speech,
 and this is post him being president.
 When he started the speech with a joke,
 and halfway through, he realised, "Oh no, this is not going to translate."
 I'm telling a joke, and the punchline's just going to come out all wrong
 through translation of this Japanese translator.
 So I'm just going to get this weird, confused silence.
 But he's like, "I'm halfway through. I've got to do it."
 So he delivers the joke, and then the Japanese translator,
 translate, and it gets this massive laugh, humongous laugh.
 And so afterwards, he went up to the guy and said,
 "That is incredible that you managed to translate that joke.
 You must be an incredible translator."
 And the translator said, "Oh, no, what I did actually was say,
 President Carter just told a joke. Everyone must laugh."
 That resulted in just trying all of his laugh.
 What a dude.
 Is that translator still working?
 And does he do stat-up gigs in the UK, please?
 So did you know that Jimmy Carter set up a hotline
 that you could ring to report people for being too cool?
 This is true.
 He was a big environmentalist, Jimmy Carter,
 who set up the Department of the Environment in the States,
 and he put solar panels on the roof of the White House.
 And one of the things he did was that he, at some point,
 he passed a law saying that air conditioning in government buildings and businesses
 couldn't go any lower than 26.7 degrees Celsius, which is 80 Fahrenheit.
 That is quite hard.
 It is quite hard, isn't it?
 And this effective 55 million people
 who had a very sweaty time.
 But he set up a hotline so that you could ring and report people
 if they turned their aircon lower than that.
 And they could be given a $10,000 fine.
 No, of course, Reagan took the solar panel straight off, didn't he?
 When he went to the White House, what was that in the face?
 He said they were a joke.
 Jimmy Carter has won three Grammys.
 I see.
 Yeah, for what?
 Spoken word, so all the spoken word of his books that he keeps pumping out.
 He's written a lot of books, and he's won three Grammys,
 but he's been nominated a lot more times.
 I think he, looking through the list of spoken word Grammys,
 he has been nominated more than anyone else.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 He lost in 1999 to Christopher E.
 He lost in 2002 to Quincy Jones.
 In 2008, he lost to Obama, but he was up against Obama as was Bill Clinton.
 So three of the nominees were presidents of the United States of America, the Grammys.
 That was the big presidential race of 2008, wasn't it?
 That was the one I was watching.
 Yeah.
 Then he lost in 2010 to Michael J. Fox.
 Then he lost in 2015 to Joan Rivers.
 But then he won in 2016.
 That feels like a pissy win.
 After all that effort, that feels like he's gone, just give it to him.
 I'll go away.
 I love Jimmy Carter.
 Do you?
 He's just the best guy.
 He's just the most principled moral guy.
 So he's the only president who doesn't really take speaking fees,
 and any speaking fee has ever taken, which is always minimal goes to charity.
 Do you think he stopped taking them because he keeps making such massive gaps?
 It's automatically audience by accident by a translation.
 Always just coming on to whoever's listening.
 He still gives, I was listening to a podcast, which is really good.
 It's the Washington Post presidential podcast, and they did about an hour on every president.
 So it followed Jimmy Carter.
 From start to finish.
 That's how, you've got quite esoteric tastes.
 An hour without 45 now.
 I mean, I haven't, I haven't listened to, like, rather, for B. Hayes or anything yet.
 I don't know how I'd fare there.
 But he still gives Sunday school classes, and people come all over the world to listen.
 But, you know, he's really, he's an evangelical born again, Christian.
 So he just gives religious lessons at Sunday school every week.
 He's just such a decent guy.
 I'm still a senior UFO, hasn't he?
 Yeah, he's also a bit weird.
 It's a very famous incident of Jimmy Carter claiming to have seen a UFO.
 One of the promises he made in his presidential campaign was that
 he would investigate all extraterrestrial experiences or something, I think.
 And then when he got into power, he said he couldn't, because it was all too secret or something.
 He's too busy now to go around.
 Yeah.
 Turns out he's a counter-photo-class.
 He builds houses, doesn't he, as well?
 Yeah, and fun, amazing furniture.
 Does he?
 Yeah, come on, how good is the furniture?
 It sells for, I think I might have mentioned this before, but if I haven't,
 yeah, he builds, like, beds and Tests and Royals.
 And do you say it sells for a lot of money?
 Yeah, thousands.
 But how much would it sell for if you sold it under a pseudonym?
 [LAUGHTER]
 It wouldn't necessarily be an eccentric thing to do.
 Yeah, he sent his first text three years ago, Jimmy Carter.
 Oh, well done, Jimmy.
 Yeah.
 And his second text, this was the message of his second text.
 It was, I did not mean to send that first text about wanting to have sex with you.
 I'm sorry.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I'm still using Seymour to translate all my stuff.
 Yeah, no, his second text was, that was my first text message.
 Yeah, he was his first text.
 This is my first text, too.
 [LAUGHTER]
 That was his second text.
 Has it gone on like that, too?
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah, no, it was to his grandson.
 And it was, did you see, Colbert last night, P?
 He ends up with P, which I think he's just referred to as Papa.
 But his grandson is on Twitter, so he did a screen grab of it.
 It might be president.
 [LAUGHTER]
 It might just be a real ask about it.
 Yeah.
 Did you know Patti O'Furnich will make her?
 [LAUGHTER]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 OK, it is time for fact number three.
 And that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that narcissists don't like looking at themselves.
 [BUZZER]
 It's not weird.
 So this is a new study that's come out of Austria
 from the University of Gratz.
 And the idea is that they took a pool of around 600 people
 and surveyed them to see whether or not they were narcissistic.
 And so out of that, they found 43 people that they selected 21
 who scored really highly as being narcissistic
 and 22 with lower scores.
 And they were shown pictures of themselves
 and close family friends and so on.
 And their brain activity, which was monitored every time
 they saw the picture of themselves.
 When their eyes locked onto themselves,
 it registered as not enjoying it.
 Yeah, which is--
 And that was not enjoying it more so than non-asicists.
 Or maybe just enjoying it the same amount or--
 Not having this in a special surge of enjoyment, I guess.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, which is--
 I've just realised because obviously narcissists in the myth
 does like looking at himself.
 You've just got this fact.
 Yeah.
 That says he likes it a lot to his detriment.
 It turns out--
 This is he die.
 He doesn't die, but he gets turned into a flower.
 I would say that is a kind of death.
 That is a plot twist.
 I did not see coming.
 [LAUGHTER]
 It's a daffodil.
 Isn't it that he was turned into?
 Well, we think it's a narcissist.
 It's like it always--
 There's flower called narcissists, which is yeah.
 And they sort of droop over the riverbank, Daniel,
 and they look like they're looking at themselves
 with their little trumpets.
 So that's why he was turned into one of those either gods.
 But I think he starved to death first
 because he was so captivated by his reflection.
 And I should just say for the pedants out there,
 when you're on his watch, QI, that we don't know
 that the etymology of narcissists, the flower,
 comes from narcissists, the person.
 To me, it seems so obvious that it definitely does.
 It's a flower that he was turned into,
 and it drapes over lakes.
 But some people say it's related to a word that means to poison
 or something.
 They're OK.
 They might be totally unrelated to each other.
 Do you know how to tell us someone's a narcissist?
 You just ask them.
 Because they don't care.
 They'll say, yeah, I'm a narcissist.
 That's true, yeah.
 The psychologists have developed a one-question test
 for narcissism.
 Wow.
 And it's a pretty good one.
 And then there's a more advanced one, which
 is a 40-question test.
 But it replicates pretty closely the one-question test.
 Do you guys know about the Anna-Face Facial Beauty Analysis?
 No.
 This is the thing you can do.
 I thought, OK, well, let's do something
 about looking at yourself.
 So I went on this website, and it takes a photo of your face,
 and then it analyzes you, and it gives you
 your facial beauty analysis.
 So that's what the kind of thing a narcissist would do?
 It does, doesn't it?
 Yeah.
 So I was roleplaying.
 So this is how my facial beauty analysis reads.
 Your nose is too long for your ears.
 Your inner ocular distance is too big for your eyes.
 Your nose is too wide for your face with.
 Your face is too narrow.
 Your nose is too wide for your mouth.
 Wow.
 Look, only some of that is true.
 Pretty brutal, isn't it?
 What I got stuck on though is your nose
 is too long for your ears.
 How do those things correlate?
 How are you not that your ears are too short for your nose?
 Yeah.
 Why's the nose to blame?
 No, it's done.
 But I don't think you could fit it in your ears, even if you want to.
 No, I don't think so.
 God knows I've tried.
 Well, it's not that long, then, is it?
 If you can't even fit it in your ears.
 So what was it trying to tell you?
 I think it succeeded in telling me exactly what it wanted
 to tell you.
 It may just be an exercise in--
 I don't know.
 --buse, honesty, no idea.
 What's the URL for that?
 It's ANA face.
 ANA face.
 Definitely doing that.
 I was looking up stuff about looking in mirrors.
 Yeah.
 You know the thing about animals looking in mirrors.
 Which I think we must have mentioned before.
 Don't they do it?
 But they do it.
 And the way to tell if they can tell that they are the animal in the mirror
 is by painting a dot on them.
 And then if they try and get rid of the dot, that's how they know.
 This was invented by a guy called Gordon Gallup, Jr.
 This was his innovation experiment in the 1970s.
 Although one of the first people to do it
 was Charles Darwin, who in 1838 went to London Zoo
 and entered an orangutan's cage with a mirror to experiment.
 Wow.
 Well, that's been done all this time.
 Yeah, wow.
 And the orangutan loved it.
 He said she was astonished beyond measure.
 But did she know it was her reflection?
 Don't know.
 I don't think he did the dot test.
 Did you know about the 17th century fashion
 for having a mirror hanging on the wall of your drawing room?
 And then next to it, an oil painting of exactly the reflection in the mirror.
 What?
 No.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 That's cool.
 I couldn't find out anything more about this.
 I came across this fact and then couldn't get anywhere further with it.
 But it was-- I don't know whether it was in order to show off the artist
 or in order to show off the-- what the mirror can see.
 Yeah.
 Right.
 What a hassle, because if you ever wanted to redecorate,
 you always have to hang those two next to each other then.
 Yeah.
 And in the same position, actually, obviously, because you can't move the mirror, can you?
 Otherwise, it's not going to reflect the same thing.
 And also, if you walk up to the wrong one, you might think you're a vampire.
 [LAUGHTER]
 There was another weird fashion for the Claude Glass, which was about the same time.
 I think the 18th century, which was a period of time where people decided that
 beautiful views and landscapes actually looked more attractive in mirrors
 than they did in real life, just with the bare eyes.
 And so this Claude Glass was invented, and people would walk up mountains,
 and they'd take a Claude Glass with them.
 And the idea was that you got to the top of a mountain, and then you get to take out
 this mirror, and it would be a tinted mirror.
 So it gave it a bit of a ethereal dreamlike quality.
 And you'd get to look at the view in a mirror and then go down again.
 But you'd have to face away, wouldn't you, from the view?
 Yeah.
 Look into the mirror, see the view behind you.
 Imagine how bizarre that is.
 So you're facing away from the thing you've come up the thing to see.
 Yeah.
 And you can look at it in the mirror, which is exactly like the selfie thing,
 where you get a lot of people facing away from the view.
 Oh, yes.
 For a hell of a friend of yours.
 So that's the original selfie.
 That's it.
 It's sort of the original selfie.
 Yes.
 Yeah, kind of.
 [LAUGHTER]
 How we all got quite excited about that for a minute was cool.
 So listen, Narcissus then was, because he was in love with his own reflection,
 he might not have liked seeing a picture of himself, because that would have been
 the right way round.
 Yeah.
 Oh, yes.
 Absolutely.
 Yes.
 So that's why people tend to much prefer their reflection to pictures, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 Because the image you're used to seeing is the one in the mirror, but as soon as you see
 a photo, you think, oh, my face is too big.
 No one knows it's too long for your ears.
 [LAUGHTER]
 OK.
 OK.
 It is time for our final fact of the show, and that is Andy.
 My fact is that clenching one's buttocks is a technique Christy's auctioneers are taught
 to stop their hands shaking.
 [LAUGHTER]
 But it doesn't actually say where they're being told to put their hands while they're clenching
 their buttocks.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah.
 So this is a piece about extraordinary things that Christy's has found out over the years.
 It's by Christy's, and one of them was this amazing fact about how the auctioneers calm
 themselves down.
 Wow.
 Are they having them holding priceless bits of art, or is this when they're actually conducting
 your auctioneer?
 I think when you're conducting an auction because you're standing at the front of the front
 of everyone and you're gesturing, so you have to look in control of the situation, I suppose.
 Yeah.
 And so that apparently comes.
 I don't know how, what the mechanism is, whether simply the focusing on another muscle in
 your body removes the tension from your hands.
 Yeah, I must do.
 Right?
 I guess so.
 I don't know.
 I'm trying it now, and I think it makes you a bit more shaky.
 But I'm, so I guess the shaking is because they talk about auctioneers as being a sort of
 an acting gig almost.
 You get up on stage and you need to make the audience love you because that's going to
 make an auction successful, and on Christy's site, they were saying, with interviews of various
 auctioneers, the first 10 seconds is where you need to grab them, otherwise you might not
 have a successful auction, which seems bizarre if you're there to buy things.
 Do you know what I mean?
 Like it's, you're not buying off this guy's credibility.
 You're buying because there's...
 But you are.
 I mean, I remember going to a, which is quite similar, what's it called when you go to a charity
 thing and...
 Raffle.
 No, there's above a raffle where you bid for...
 Super raffle?
 Yeah.
 One of those things where like you donate a holiday or you donate your mansion for a week.
 Oh, yeah, I've been to loads of things where people who donate to their mansion.
 Where am I being?
 Oh.
 We mix in different circles.
 What's it called?
 It's a charity auction.
 Yeah, so you know when you go to a charity auction, it's...
 You inspire people to buy stuff just by being that charming, I remember going to one recently
 in Clive Anderson was doing the auctioning and people definitely bid on stuff that they
 would absolutely not have had to not kind of cajold them a bit here and persuaded them
 a bit there.
 I think it makes such a difference because it's in the moment, isn't it?
 That's where it affects you in an auction.
 That's true.
 I did a gig not too long ago with a Christie's auctioneer and it was a very rowdy room
 and it was a charity night, it was raising money for this new university for brain studies
 and he was given a lot of stuff to auction off and the room was chaotic as you would expect
 it was in the V&A, everyone was just busy on round tables eating so he had to try and maintain
 their attention in order to sell all this stuff and he did this trick.
 When he felt like he lost the crowd, he went, he made that noise and every time the crowd
 would silence, look back to him and then he'd continue on with the auction.
 But he did it like 50 times during the night.
 Well they all ponies.
 It was an amazing technique, that's how he shut up an entire row.
 Yeah, one of the things I didn't realise is that auctioneers will keep an eye on each
 other as well.
 So one of them, if they feel that if auctioneer A is up there and he doesn't think he's
 quite got the room, he's not inspiring them and I think he can nod to auctioneer B who
 will come up and take his place and try and raise the temperature of the room and it works
 the other way round as well.
 auctioneer B can just go up to him and tap him on the shoulder and go, you've lost him
 mate, I'll do it.
 Wow.
 It's like a tag team.
 Imagine if that was true in all performing arts, imagine Andy, if you're bombing one night and Dan
 just comes up behind you taps you on the shoulder and says I'll take it from him.
 What do you mean imagined?
 Remember, I think it's the one you're looking for.
 So in the old days I have to do mock auctions, the auctioneers at Christie's before the
 bosses of the company to just make sure that the skills were good.
 The bosses would just sit around with the drink and then the auctioneers would have to do
 it.
 Oh really?
 It's all a bit more professional now so they get voice actors and acting coaches in to
 teach them about engaging the voice and maybe also about posture and engaging the audience
 I don't know.
 Well Christie's does in house courses, if you want to get into it.
 You spend, you do a workshop with one of them.
 Yeah.
 Wolverhampton actually has a two year degree for auctioneering.
 Right.
 Yeah, they teach you to auctioneer and to value things as well.
 But yeah.
 How much money do I have over this place on the Yorkshire University auction course?
 9,000 pounds.
 9,000 pounds over here.
 Do I hit ten?
 Yeah.
 So did anybody look up butter clenching?
 No.
 No more than usual.
 So butter clenching, you're all aware of the international penny chuffing competition
 are you?
 No.
 In the case annually at the new year in Wedmore in Somerset where the contestants have
 to clench three two pence coins in between the cheeks of their butters, then walk, waddle
 or hop, four yards across the pub before depositing the coins in a pint glass.
 Wow.
 Oh my god.
 You get one point for every coin you get in the glass and the last report that I could
 find from 2015, three people scored nine points.
 Is that the full?
 So they're managed three journeys across the pub.
 Oh wow.
 Do you have to pick them up with your buttocks?
 That isn't indicated.
 OK.
 Nor is what happens to the coins afterwards, whether they go into a particular till.
 Is it a full point and do you have to down it once you've finished?
 No, it's just a pint glass.
 No, that's a shame.
 That would make the competition more fun.
 No, it would, wouldn't it?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 That is fantastic.
 I don't like to brag.
 I think I could do that.
 Well, there's only one way to find out.
 So some of that is the other thing of course, right?
 If you put yourself in the room there, that's a lot of bum, isn't it?
 Yes.
 Now, what happens is, apparently, they have, they have some sort of modesty blanket
 that they put around themselves while hopping, waddling or walking four yards across the
 pub with some money up there, ask.
 Didn't David Souchet, the pyro actor, he did a lot of butt clenching as well?
 Did he?
 Yeah, to get into the role.
 To get the model, right?
 Yeah.
 He wanted to be as pert as an auctioneer, didn't he?
 Yeah.
 Is it called the Souchet Sache?
 No.
 You made that up?
 Yeah.
 Well, treat it.
 Treat it, treat it.
 It's not.
 I feel like it's not mine to trademark, I don't think.
 But, guys, telegraph headline, David Souchet, I stuck coin in buttocks to walk like pyro.
 And also to win this competition at the new inn in Wedmore.
 No, he was caught in a pub in Somerset with a modesty blanket right?
 Like, this is a money up his ass and he said, "Oh, I was doing it for the role."
 Okay, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said over
 the course of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @StreiberlandAndy@AndryHunterM.
 Jason.
 @JasonHausley.
 And Shazinski.
 You can email podcast@ky.com.
 Yep.
 Or you can go to our group account, which is @nosuchthing or you can go to our website.
 Nosuchthing is a fish.com where we've got all of our previous episodes.
 We've also got links to our tour in October and November and also a link to our book coming
 out November 2nd, the Book of the Year.
 Okay.
 That's it.
 We'll be back again next week.
 We'll see you then.
 Bye.
 (upbeat music)
 [MUSIC]
