 Hi everybody, Dan and Andy here, and we have an announcement of our exciting guest today,
 and then we have an apology to make, and then we have another exciting announcement.
 It's an excitement sandwich.
 That's true.
 So joining us on the podcast today is one of our heroes, someone that we've been reading
 the books of for many years now, and who excitingly has just entered the world of podcasting herself,
 and that is the historian Mary Beard.
 Yes, Mary is one of Britain's best known classes.
 She's brilliant.
 She knows everything there is to know about the ancient world, and excitingly, her new
 podcast, all about classics, has just launched.
 It's called Instant Classics.
 It's very funny and interesting.
 Episode one is Which Roman Emperor is Donald Trump?
 So if you like the sound of Mary's stuff and you'd like to learn a bit more about the
 ancient world, check out Instant Classics.
 That's right.
 She co-hosts it with a brilliant author called Charlotte Higgins.
 It's a very funny show.
 They're going to be doing a book club based on the Odyssey, so do check it out, available
 wherever you get your podcasts.
 Another thing that we need to say is sorry, Andy.
 We've had some correspondents from Zak Rosolinski who says, "In the intro to your most recent
 episode, you said astronauts on the ISS could not attend your forthcoming remote live show
 at the London Podcast Festival because they do not have Wi-Fi."
 This is not true.
 He says, "The ISS does have Wi-Fi, although it is more used for navigation and whatnot
 than downloading podcasts."
 But astronauts do have an approved list of downloadable materials, so all we need to
 do is get on to the International Space Station list of approved materials, and then they
 too will be able to attend on the 5th and 6th of September.
 For a week afterwards, guys, you can buy your tickets a bit late and still stream the London
 Podcast Festival, no such thing as official live shows.
 They're going to be great.
 That's right.
 We've got Jamie Morton and my dad wrote a porno joining us on the 5th of September,
 and then Richard Osman joining us on the 6th.
 It's going to be awesome, but if you can't make it to those live shows, guess what?
 We are announcing another live show.
 Our cup runneth over, your cup runneth over.
 The cups are all too full.
 Come to Cheltenham on the 16th of October.
 We are playing the Cheltenham Literature Festival, and we have a special guest for that show,
 too, who's the brilliant Rachel Parris.
 So it's going to be amazing.
 Details of all of this stuff, Cheltenham and the London Podcast, are on nosuchthingasafish.com/live.
 Say it with me, Dan.
 No such thing as a fish.com/live.
 That's right.
 Everyone's invited to Cheltenham, except astronauts.
 We will not be letting any astronauts in, but everyone else, come along.
 Okay, on with the podcast, on with the show.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming
 to you from the QI offices in Hoburn.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I'm sitting here with James Harkin, Andrew Hunter Murray, and Mary Beard.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones with our four favourite facts
 from the last seven days, and in no particular order.
 Here we go, starting with fact number one, and that is Mary.
 Right, my fact is the answer to this question.
 Who was, or is, the highest earning sportsperson of all time measured in prize money?
 Oh, thank God.
 I don't know if you know this, Mary, but I'm a massive golf fan.
 The listeners will know that I love going on about golf, and it's Tiger Woods.
 Well, dream on.
 Dream on, because actually it's a man called Gaius Apuleus Diocles.
 Is he also a golfer?
 Golf hadn't been invented when Diocles was around.
 No, he is a Roman champion charioteer, and his tombstone, let's assume it's reliable,
 tells us that over his career he earned, and I'm going to give you in Roman money first,
 and then I'll tell you how much it is, he earned more than 35 million cestuses.
 Now it's always kind of difficult saying, so how much is that in, you know, in today's
 money then, well, let me say that that much 35 million cestuses will be enough to feed
 the whole population of the city of Rome, that's a million of them, in basic supplies
 for one year.
 OK.
 Right, so we're dealing with billions of pounds.
 How many people can Tiger Woods feed, James?
 Myself and all his mistresses.
 What would that be?
 Is that, that's more than any sports star you're saying?
 I'm saying that it's more than any sports star today, or any other that we have any
 historical record about.
 Right, so this was on, he had this on his tombstone, can you just get my dates and tell
 them I was the highest paid sports star?
 That is, well, my inference is that he doesn't actually say I'm the highest paid sports star
 in Rome, and by the way, I'm going to be the highest paid sports star ever, you know.
 He just lays it out with number of victories, amount of cash won, what team he was playing
 for because he's in the transfer market in the Charity of Teams, and the total amount
 of prize money.
 I love it being on a tombstone though, as in it is the equivalent of googling someone
 today, because if you google any name, you will get net worth.
 On your tombstone, Andy, would you like Charter Award?
 I don't mind to boast.
 I don't mind to boast.
 That didn't worry Diaklis.
 Diaklis was very happy to boast, so don't be too modest.
 I guess one of the question is, if it's on a tombstone, does that mean it's a more reliable
 source, would you say?
 We do wonder where the info actually came from, because it's absolutely fantastically
 detailed.
 He was like, he had 870 victories when he started from the starting gates and never
 gave up first place.
 He had 620 victories when he came from behind and made a last minute dash, and this is the
 amount of money he earned for each of them.
 Now, one possibility is that Diaklis was a real nerd, and every evening he went home
 and wrote down 95,000 sestases having come from behind with a last minute dash, and
 he kept it in his little notebook.
 It's more likely that there's a kind of wisdoms cricketer almanac.
 I was just going to say now, like sports fans right now love statistics, don't they?
 So what's on the tombstone is what they've got from the stats.
 Amazing.
 That's so interesting, but he clearly didn't catch on right.
 He probably thought this is going to be huge.
 Every tombstone is going to be stat packed from now on.
 That's right.
 Well, there are a few of us, but never quite this, I mean it looks really boring, because
 all it is, is the stats.
 It's like, you know, football stats or cricket stats.
 I can literally sit there and read it all day.
 Golfing stats.
 So I think, you know, we ought to rob Tiger Woods his nose in it really.
 Oh yeah, definitely.
 I didn't realise that chariot racing, I knew chariot racing happened in Rome, but I assumed
 that Rome used chariots in a military sense, and it sounds like there's not really any
 evidence they did because chariots were an older thing, and that in Rome they were for
 racing.
 Yeah, there's a bit of military PR with chariots, you know, just to frighten the enemy.
 But essentially you get these fantastic resources pulling the chariots, and it's a phenomenally
 dangerous.
 Boral Diocles, he died in his forties, he's lucky to stay alive that long, because you've
 got this really long track, more than half a kilometre, with terribly tight ends.
 So you have to go up and down, you have to go round seven times, and the ends are where
 you crash, because you can't turn around the corner.
 And they were called shipwrecks, now fragia, that's a chariot that kind of crashes at the
 corners.
 And the fans were absolutely obsessive loonies, and there are accounts of the fans really
 looking after the racehorses, really looking out for them, and one of the things they used
 to do is they used to sniff their shit, because they were really anxious that they were being
 fed the right stuff.
 Because if you want to have a racehorse pulling the chariot really quick, then you've got
 to make sure that it's being given the right diet.
 I would try and check at the other end of the process, I would try and check the feet.
 You would have thought that was the easiest, but they knew that you wanted to know what
 came out.
 I couldn't believe I was reading about Nero, so Emperor Nero, he's on a tour of Greece,
 he is so into chariot racing that he decides to enter the Olympics in 67 AD, when there
 is no Olympics, it's not meant to be on there here, you've got a much better chance of winning
 in a non-olympic year, no, because he moves it, he moves it, but imagine I'm not naming
 any particular president of the United States, but imagine the president of the United States
 arrives in some country and wants to participate, but it's not actually been quite timed, well
 they just move it, don't they, that's what you do.
 The next World Cup football is in America, isn't it, I can imagine Trump turning out.
 But that story is extraordinary, because back then the Olympics were tied into religious
 connotations, they had it in a specific year, the religious rights, so all of that's out
 the window, he joins, you have four horses to your chariot in the Olympics, he shows
 up with ten horses and then cuts a corner, flips over, loses the race and still wins
 it.
 Just like Mr Trump and Gulls, absolutely the same, one thing you know is you don't want
 to beat the emperor.
 Yeah, but there was some underhand tactics that went on, I read, I don't know if this
 is true, that the white team and the red team, we don't really know much about them in literature,
 but one place that we do see them a lot is in curse tablets, because a lot of the cheating
 was cursing your opponents, is that right?
 But it was against the rules to curse people.
 Really?
 Who was going to enforce it then?
 Yeah, the gods, maybe.
 How do you, you can't check the poo coming out of the cursor to see if they've done it,
 right, like that, you can do that silently.
 And it was, the Circus Maximus was clearly, unlike the Colosseum, which was rigidly sex-segregated,
 men only, until you got to the really bad seats at the top when the women could sit.
 For most of the time, the men and women sat together in the Circus Maximus and it's absolutely
 clear that it was a prime flirt location, a pick-up joint, right?
 Do you want to come with me and smell some hot shit?
 Do you want to come with me?
 It's a little more subtle than that, actually, do you mind terribly if I pass you by to get
 to my seat?
 Oh, did I rub your knee?
 I'm just terribly sorry.
 Well, they have the October horse ritual, which is quite interesting.
 Oh, very learned.
 Yeah.
 That is the first time anyone said that to you.
 You are not editing that out of the show.
 That's stated.
 That's quite...
 That's your ringtone.
 That's mine.
 You googled Roman horse and have found the October horse ritual.
 Okay, do a back-up on it, that was good now.
 Sorry, I'd be...
 No, it's a very interesting idea that it was part of a ritual that you sacrifice a horse
 to the gods and there would be a race, a chariot race, where two people would race against
 each other.
 Whoever won, the right-hand horse of the two horses would have its head taken off and then...
 The winner?
 Yes, because it was for the gods.
 So you were sacrificing your best horse, right?
 And then a fight would happen between two people to see who could keep the head and then that
 would be displayed outside of a house.
 But that must be a slightly distressing moment when you know you need your horse for another
 race and you win that one.
 No, it was worth it because of the prestige of...
 What about Sinisca, the Spartan female chariot winner?
 Yes.
 So what I read is that she won the Olympic golds but maybe she wasn't on the chariots.
 Yeah.
 I mean, there is a problem about...
 Not in Rome, I can tell you, in Rome, Darkleys was on the chariot and a winner.
 In Greece, in traditional Greece before Nero, it's not clear whether it's the chariot owner
 who is the winner or the charioteer.
 So sometimes when people say, "Oh, so-and-so female won the chariot race," that is because
 she owned the chariot.
 This is like the Queen winning the Grand National.
 The Queen winning the Grand National.
 She's not...
 She wasn't going over Beechersburg.
 She was never on the horse, no.
 So she's just patting it when it finishes.
 Yeah, that's an important job, actually.
 But maybe this woman might have trained the horses, is that right?
 That might have done.
 We just don't know.
 But you don't know.
 You don't know.
 So then finally, Darkleys, he retires.
 Does he?
 He's a billion, billion, billionaire.
 What does he do?
 Does he take over the country or...?
 God only...
 Well, we have no clue.
 Just disappears.
 What he does, where he lived, he probably starts life as a slave in modern Portugal.
 Actually, that's where we think he comes from, but makes it big in Rome.
 If he's got 35 million cestuses, then he can afford a palace.
 But we don't have no clue where he lived.
 Perhaps he just lived very modestly and gave his winnings to the people.
 But if he did, he didn't tell us on his tombstone.
 You'd put that up there.
 I think I might say, "And he gave it all away."
 I didn't know he was from Portugal, because that must hurt for Cristiano Ronaldo, who's
 currently there.
 I was going to say, "Eat your heart out, Ronaldo."
 Not even the richest sportsman from Portugal.
 Do we know why he was so good?
 What made him so...
 Look.
 I'd say look.
 But...
 It didn't flip over.
 That's not to be largely...
 I know that's the result, I'm asking why.
 One stage back.
 Yeah, but I think of Stephen Bradbury, the Australian figure skater, oh, speed skater,
 who won the Olympic gold, because in the semifinals, everyone in front of him fell over, and then
 he won.
 And then in the finals, exactly the same thing happened.
 What if Diakles was just terrible, and he just kept coming up the back and everyone
 was shipwrecked?
 He just kept going.
 He just didn't give up.
 Yeah.
 But I think he probably had a good fan base, though.
 Yeah, it sounds good.
 They were cheering him on.
 We should move on, guys.
 Can I put one missed to bed before we go on?
 Okay, yeah.
 This is something we get sent all the time in the fishing box, and thank you very much
 to everyone who's sent it in, but it's not true, and it's about chariots, and it's about
 Roman horses.
 Uh-huh.
 It's that the size of the space shuttle rocket boosters was directly based on the size of
 Roman horses.
 Like the Apollo missions, you mean?
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 So there's this thing that gets sent in all the time, and it's that the standard railway
 gauge on British railways and American ones is four for eight and a half inches, and that
 is because the railway gauge was based on trams, and those were based on wagons, and wagons
 were based on wheel ruts on old roads, roads that were built by the Romans that were based
 on the size of two Roman horses walking next to each other because of chariots.
 Great fact.
 No.
 No.
 It's time to move on.
 It's all Roman horses.
 Cobblers.
 It's just not true.
 It's cobblers.
 It's cobblers.
 It's cobblers.
 No, you've done the research.
 Why is it cobblers?
 I just know it's cobblers.
 Well, it's like saying that actually all clothes are based on ancient clothes because
 they're roughly the same size.
 It happens to be the case that if you're building a road, you don't build it so it's
 200 feet wide.
 It's either indirectly true in a trivial way, or it's not really true, but there's no evidence
 of that specific size being used in between the Stockton and Darlington Railway, and there
 you go.
 Well, stop sending it into our team.
 Thank you.
 He comes into work very upset everybody.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two, and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that because the Confederate General Stonewall Jackson believed that one
 of his arms was much larger than the other, he used to walk around with it held in the
 air just so that he could redistribute all of the blood it was hogging.
 So this is written about quite a few times.
 I'm holding my hand up for some reason, as I was telling that fact.
 You can put it down now.
 Yes, down.
 Yes, thank you.
 Stonewall Jackson, he was called Thomas Jonathan Stonewall Jackson, 1824 to 1863.
 He was a Confederate General, military officer, and he was seen as one of the most gifted
 tactical officers of that period.
 Even people like Lincoln, who obviously did not like him, said, "Well, that guy was good."
 You know, they all sort of acknowledged it, but he was also a bit of an eccentric, a hypochondriac,
 and one of the things was he believed he had one incredibly long arm and that it was basically
 sucking up all the blood that he needed for the rest of his body.
 Have we seen any pictures of him?
 Like obviously not photos, but are there like other photos?
 There are photos of him.
 1860s?
 Yeah.
 And he with really long arms?
 No, they sort of cut it off at the sort of neckline so you don't really get to see it,
 from what I've seen.
 What's he hiding?
 Big arm.
 A big arm.
 Couldn't he just measure it?
 It seems he's holding them out.
 He could just come up and, it's not a rocky science, is it?
 He felt that it was larger as well.
 Just generally he felt like maybe there was less muscle and more blood.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Once you've got it into your head, there's no...
 You know that thing where you put your arms out and then you put one of them over the
 back of your neck and then it's shorter again, shorter than the other.
 Oh, wow.
 No, I didn't know that actually.
 Well, maybe he did that one day at school and then he just got it in the sack.
 Well, apparently he did do it at school, but not school as a student, as a professor.
 Students used to say it was pretty weird seeing the professor sitting there with his hand up
 like he had a question and it turns out that's what he was doing and he would ride into war
 with his hand in the air.
 In fact, he got shot through the hand when his hand was up in the air like a target and
 almost had his hand amputated, but it healed.
 That was the Battle of Bull Run, wasn't it?
 Yeah.
 Because he was in loads of battles during the Civil War.
 Yeah.
 But he then had a hand-related...
 I mean, his death was hand injury-related, but I can't find which hand it was.
 Exactly.
 I don't know.
 Or at least from a cursory reading of a lot of sources.
 They don't say if it was the big arm that got shot.
 Because he was friendly-fired.
 Yeah.
 This was in 1860, certainly 1860 something, wasn't it?
 '63.
 Yeah.
 Thank you.
 So this was 1863.
 He was shot because he was out doing a bit of reconnaissance and some of his own troops,
 some Confederate troops, saw an approaching party open fire.
 He then had to have his arm amputated, and that was given a full Christian burial, because
 it was about to be thrown on the pile of limbs outside the surgical tent.
 But the military chaplain thinks, "Look, this is a heroic arm, this is a general's arm.
 We should keep it and bury it."
 And he died several days later.
 We think he had pneumonia.
 You know, certainly...
 Well, he just had his arm cut.
 Yeah, certainly arm run.
 I think it was the sniffle that killed him.
 It was all...
 He had pneumonia.
 It was him being shot related, absolutely, absolutely.
 And they said to his wife, "Would you like us to get the arm back?"
 And she said, "No, it's had a Christian burial, so it should stay where it is."
 Because that was one of his other defining characteristics, was he was extremely religious.
 Apparently, he would pray before having a glass of water, or before opening an envelope,
 or before writing a...
 I mean, prayer was his constant.
 And anyway, so he's never been reunited with his arm.
 And it's there to this day with a tombstone above it.
 And he's got the writing on it that says...
 What does it say?
 It says he earned more than any other confederate general.
 It just says arm of Stonewall Jackson.
 And that's been moved around a couple of times, so it might be directly above his arm now.
 It might not.
 But the arm was moved a bit.
 Interesting.
 Yeah.
 Didn't he draw attention to himself, Rother?
 I mean, if you're kind of going into battle and you're the lead general, if you've got
 your hand up...
 Yeah, I mean, they literally shot through it.
 Yes.
 But isn't that a good thing?
 Because...
 Completely stupid.
 You don't want to be shot in your head.
 No, it's better.
 Okay.
 All right.
 In fact, what you would probably do is put a hat on it to see if you're really tall.
 And a little suit.
 It got around.
 Okay.
 You are.
 I think if you've got a reputation as an eccentric already...
 Just go for it.
 Go for it.
 Yeah.
 Actually, speaking of clothing, he was well known amongst his other generals for not wearing
 flamboyant clothing.
 Okay.
 Right, because in the war, like, the officers had to pay for their own clothes.
 You didn't get a uniform.
 And you had to kind of wear things that are about similar to the other guys, like a similar
 colour and stuff.
 But the richer people in there, and often the officers were rich, they would just buy
 the most flamboyant thing they could get away with.
 But he didn't do that.
 And people thought it was a bit sus, really.
 Well, he was...
 I think it was very poor, wasn't he?
 As a young man.
 Yeah.
 He grew up extremely poor and scrabbled his way up through...
 So, how did he become a general?
 I think talent.
 I think he was very...
 A shio talent.
 Yeah.
 And a...
 And a Fonyon.
 He was a...
 Who wants to be a general?
 Yeah.
 I can see you over there.
 Yeah.
 He was...
 I mean, apparently, he was, you know, the politics of the Civil War aside.
 He was a brilliant tactician, you know.
 And I think after he died, not long after that came the Battle of Gettysburg, which obviously
 he missed, having just died.
 And that is one of the, certainly, the huge military turning points of the wars, the Battle
 of Gettysburg.
 And his absence from it was cited by a couple of other generals at the time.
 Yeah.
 So, it could have changed.
 How did you become a general in, like, the Roman army or the Greek army?
 Very rich.
 Was it rich?
 Yes.
 I mean, there's kind of two strands.
 One is the career soldier.
 Right.
 And you can go up the ladder, a career soldier, you know, a squadron, and then you become
 a centurion, and you might kind of go up to the sort of what we'd call the commissioned
 ranks.
 Right.
 But the guys who were leading it, they'd bypassed all that.
 Right.
 And God knows if they're any good or not.
 Yeah.
 Or, you know, I kind of, you know, you guys have been talking about, you know, all this
 brilliant tactician stuff, you sort of wonder what it is to be a brilliantly tact, tactical
 general.
 I mean, I've spent a long time looking at Julius Caesar's campaigns.
 Because, you know, Caesar is always, you know, in America, you know, he's on the syllabus
 at military academies, you know, how you, you know, because of his brilliance as a general,
 you know, like Old Stonewall.
 But I started looking, he only had one tactic, which is he went round the back.
 Right.
 Right.
 You get face-to-face with the army, the opposing army, and what you do is you then pen him
 in from the back.
 That's what he does all the time.
 You must have felt like such an idiot when you're going, "He won't do it this time."
 He won't do it this time.
 He wants us to think he's going to do it, but he's not.
 And in fact, it seemed to me, and I've got terrible kind of attacks on social media for
 saying this, because there's an awful lot of people very, very invested in Roman military
 tactics.
 I think it's all like that.
 It's all kind of, pen them in from the back.
 And just-
 Was he also helped by being in charge of the Roman army as well, which was presumably the
 biggest and best at the time?
 In his rise to power, you sure?
 Yeah.
 I think they're only the biggest and the best because there's more of them.
 Yeah.
 I mean, you can't defeat the Romans in a war.
 You can defeat them in a battle.
 They lose battles all over the place, and hope is at some things.
 I mean, they're a laughing stock when it comes to navies, but they've always got more men.
 Yeah.
 So they can't lose a war.
 They can lose a battle.
 Interesting.
 So is there not kind of tactical brilliance?
 Well, you know, when this goes out, I shall no doubt get more of these, you know, offensive
 war, you fucking moron, you don't understand Marybier, doesn't it?
 It doesn't give any crudence to the brilliance.
 How many legions do you have Marybier?
 That's right.
 But if you ask me, it's the one-trick bonus, really.
 Wow.
 So Caesar, just to go back to chariots, he described, in his, not his diaries, his account-
 His commentaries.
 His commentaries on the British invasion.
 It's one of the only references we have contemporary to British tribes using military
 chariots.
 And they were a bit, they'd gone out of fashion in rhyme for centuries by then, but we were
 still using them.
 And they were like an uber across the battlefield.
 Yeah.
 And one really important myth to bust is they didn't have scythes coming out of the wheels.
 Oh, okay.
 No, no, no.
 If you go to look at Boudicca on Thames Embankment, her statue, she's got a great set of scythes
 about, but I am told by my archaeological friends that this is a myth.
 Okay.
 Absolutely gusset.
 Sorry.
 I'm a bit gusset about that.
 That's my, that's my chariot myth busted.
 There we go.
 And I've been sending that in to other podcasts for ages.
 Jumping back to the modern just very quickly, so he did, he was responsible for winning
 a lot of battles.
 Houston, well, Jackson.
 Civil Jackson.
 Modern day.
 Oh, well, more, certainly more modern than the Tiber Caesar.
 But he, one of the places that he won was Frederick's Burg in Virginia, and he beat
 the federal general who was Ambrose E. Burnside, friend of the podcast.
 We've spoken about him before.
 Inventor of sideburns.
 Inventor of sideburns.
 At some point Burnside, people went, it's, I love it, and I love the name, but not quite
 and they, they changed it round.
 But yeah.
 Two.
 Because he does, he had a real set, didn't he?
 Yeah.
 But I think I linked up to his moustache.
 They weren't really sideburns.
 It's interesting.
 He was an innovator of the four, but he hadn't perfected it.
 You know what?
 On this subject, I was reading about hypochondria, and modern day hypochondria was invented kind
 of or defined by an American neurologist called George Beard, who didn't have a beard.
 And no relation.
 No relation.
 No relation.
 Oh, what about Frank Beard, who's easy top?
 Sorry, you must get that all the time, but.
 I have no relations.
 On the tactical side of things, and sort of, like, does the skill exist or not, or did
 Jackson have a gift for it?
 Because he was a military instructor at Virginia Military Institute for a while.
 And his students did not like him at all.
 And the reason they didn't like him was that he was an unbelievably dull lecturer.
 So he would, he would compose a lecture, he would recite it from memory.
 He wouldn't deviate at all.
 And if anyone asked him a question, he would simply spool back in his head to the bit of
 his pre-remembered lecture that he thought answered the question and just recite that
 again verbatim.
 Yeah.
 While subtly just reaching out his massive long arms, slapping them across the bed.
 What did he do with the arm at this point?
 In 1856, a group of his own alumni tried to have him sacked for poor teaching.
 And they must have felt.
 In 1856.
 I know, they must have felt so stupid just five years later when he is the pride of the
 Confederate army.
 You know, one of the greatest blah, blah, blah.
 There were a lot of rumours that were about him.
 I think this is one of the things where people would say stuff about him, and then if they
 were, if other sources were asked, they would say, "No, he never did that.
 We never saw that."
 One of the things was that he was constantly chewing on lemons, eating lemons, just absolutely
 love lemons.
 And that was written in a biography.
 And then everyone who read that went, "I never saw him with a lemon.
 I have no idea where that comes from."
 I know where it comes from.
 Yeah.
 It's based on a single account of him eating a lemon on the 27th of June, 1862.
 That's bad.
 But three separate people saw him eat it, and they all wrote it up in their memoirs.
 And so you've now got three sources saying, "Oh, he loved a lemon.
 Did old Stonewall."
 That's like when I went to my ex's family for the first time, and they offered me dessert.
 And I didn't really want any.
 And they had some strawberries.
 And I'm like, "Oh, I love strawberries."
 So I had a couple of strawberries in every dessert I've ever got.
 Every present, like a T-shirt with strawberries on it, strips of strawberry fields.
 Is it true that he didn't eat pepper because he thought it weakened his legs?
 Well, that was another thing that was said about him.
 Yeah.
 And he passed.
 What do you think?
 Don't know.
 I mean...
 Is it true that he wouldn't let his back touch the back of a chair because it jumbled
 his organs up?
 This man is sounding more and more completely barking, the more you talk about him.
 I have not done my research like you clearly have on Stonewall Jackson, but frankly, I'm
 quite glad I haven't.
 But he believed a lot of stuff.
 And he has become...
 He was a definite hypochondriac.
 Definitely.
 And because he was tactically skilled, he's become an emblem of the kind of lost cause
 of the Civil War and people saying, "Oh, we could have won it, and we were in the right
 actually in all this."
 And I said he was a champion sleeper as well.
 He could sleep so brilliantly that he could even, as he was eating a meal, fall asleep
 with the food in his mouth just straight away because he could just get into it that easy.
 And that's tough with 11 because they're quite tart as well, aren't they?
 I read about an hypochondriac, I don't know if you know about this person, Mary, called
 Aristides.
 Oh, Elias Aristides.
 Aristides.
 Oh, yeah.
 Sorry, I'm not as learned as it is now.
 Can't all be.
 A great friend of mine.
 Oh, yeah.
 That's book after book after book on his hypochondriac symptoms.
 This is in the second century, at 80.
 This is an ancient hypochondriac.
 He's an old friend.
 Yeah.
 An old friend.
 An old friend.
 He just goes on and on and on.
 But loads of posh Romans were terribly hypochondriac.
 Marcus Aurelius, famous Stoic emperor.
 When he is a kid, a teenager, he's always right into his cheetah about his symptoms.
 You'll see how I get letter after letter between these two guys saying, I do hope your tummy's
 feeling a bit better this morning because my neck, I thought it was getting better in
 the night.
 But now I wake up, I appear to have a jabbing pain going through the shoulder blade.
 Later, Marcus Aurelius, he employs a doctor who is very keen on getting the proper sort
 of, um, pesteries, anal pesteries, he particularly likes, I think he's put up your bum.
 Suppositories.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 Suppositories.
 Pesteries is a different.
 Oh God, am I giving it?
 Different hot words.
 I uploaded in some ways, Marianne.
 Suppositories.
 Oh shit.
 I would see you in boots, Mary.
 Where are the anal pesteries?
 Oh shit.
 Where are the anal pesteries?
 I think they'd know what I meant.
 I don't think, I don't have any trouble getting, anyway, there's all Marcus Aurelius, you know.
 Marcus Aurelius is all about-
 I want just suppository.
 I thought he was all about disregarding the pain and discomfort of the world.
 I mean, I've read the, what is it, the meditations and then they're not.
 Meditation.
 Yeah.
 Well, don't believe all you read in them.
 Don't believe all you read in the meditation.
 It gives you only one side of how he might like to be seen.
 Cause I have quite a bad shoulder and I put it down to like looking at my phone on my
 screen all the time, but that can't be true for him.
 He'd have had a tablet.
 Very good.
 Thank you.
 Can I talk, just talk about Aristides.
 Aristides.
 Aristides again.
 So he was basically an orator and he got nasal congestion, a sore throat, and then couldn't
 really do his oratory anymore.
 And so he went to see the priests and they told him to lie down and allow asclepius, the
 god of medicine to appear in his dreams.
 And then whatever happened in his dreams, he had to do them to make him feel better.
 So one of them was like smear mud on his body and run around the temple three times.
 The suppository trick as well.
 The suppository trick, I'm sure, yeah, an enema of honey and to swallow a goose liver
 sausage.
 Oh, that's a bad dream, isn't it?
 And there are books and books and books of this rubbish.
 OK, it is time for fact number three, and that is Andy.
 My fact is in 1845, there was an exhibition in London where for a shilling, you could
 pull a lever on a giant machine which would produce a brand new line of poetry for you
 in Latin.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 Popular.
 So popular.
 I think it was popular actually.
 I think the inventor supposedly retired on the proceeds of this amazing machine.
 And it is, I have to add, making a line of Latin poetry is really complicated.
 Oh, right.
 Because it's not just like, you know, what you can get out of chat GBT if you say, write
 me a poem on the spring, you know, and it comes out.
 Because Latin poetry is done to a very, very fixed format of meter.
 So you have to have the right stress and rhythm through the line.
 So it's damn difficult.
 I mean, I can't write a word of Latin verse.
 So this machine did better than I can, I can sort of see how it's done, but I can't write
 a word.
 But that's stunning.
 That makes it all the more impressive because apparently there were 26 million permutations
 of line that you could get of this machine.
 So it's six, it's six feet Latin hexameter.
 So six different feet in the line.
 What's a feet?
 A foot is like an individual unit.
 So pentameter is a, is Iambic pentameter is the sort of famous Shakespearean meter,
 which is da, da, da, da, da, da, da.
 So it's like a beat, is it?
 Yeah.
 But a foot will have different numbers of syllables, different numbers of syllables,
 and it's not actually by stress like others is.
 It's by the length of the syllable.
 So it's long, short, short, kind of, ah, ah, ah.
 So it's really difficult.
 I mean, it's what in the 19th century, they kind of crucify little boys on doing, you
 know, to write Latin hexameters with the absolute echelons of posh education, but also a complete
 nightmare.
 Interesting.
 So this machine, bloody amazing.
 Wow.
 It's stunning.
 It's a work called John Clark, and he was an inventor, obviously.
 And he's, I think it's took him about 13 years, sources vary, but it took a long, obviously,
 long time.
 And do you know how it worked?
 Um, it had six cylinders, and when you pull the lever, it was exactly like a fruit machine,
 except instead of some boring old cherries, you got a beautiful line of Latin verse,
 and he had arranged it so that it was adjective noun adverb.
 So it would make sense.
 It actually meant something.
 It actually meant something.
 It actually, each line is not, yeah, it's not word salad.
 It does.
 It might be an eccentric meaning.
 You might not be able to get a huge amount of sense, like, you know, it's not profound.
 Like a lot of Latin poetry.
 Right.
 Um, and he was just a really interesting guy.
 So he was born in 1785, died in 1853.
 The machine still exists today, which is very exciting.
 I thought you might have been to see it.
 I have never been to see it, but I've read about it even before I saw that you were going
 to talk about it.
 Oh, great.
 Um, it's down in Somerset now, and it's in a collection of items that used to be the
 Clark's shoe museum because John Clark, yeah, of Clark's, no, his relatives were the shoe
 empire people.
 While he was working in feet in poetry, they were working to put feet in shoes.
 Yeah.
 Amazing.
 And, um, yeah, they, they held it for a while and, and it's still, it still exists.
 I think it was going to be juiced up and renovated a bit recently, but it apparently played God
 Save the Queen while it was working.
 This collection, who own it, the Alfred Gillette Trust, they, they own in their collection
 this machine, 25,000 shoes and a significant collection of Somerset ichthyosaur fossils.
 Wow.
 I mean, what a collection.
 Whereabouts is it?
 And Somerset, you know, it's, I think it's literally there yesterday.
 It's a village called street.
 I think.
 Oh, I know that.
 Yeah.
 It's not far from Glastonbury.
 That's right.
 That's where it is.
 Yeah.
 Can I ask about the machine just jumping back to the Latin machine?
 So it would give you this line of poetry, but it wouldn't print it on, say, a little ticket,
 right?
 So you would just see it on the screen as it were.
 I don't know.
 You could take a photo of it with your phone.
 You could take a photo of it.
 So my question is, is how good was everyone's Latin back then and did someone permanently
 stand translating your line of poetry for you?
 I think we imagine that they were all terribly Latinate back then, but actually there'd be
 no period of British history after the Romans left when more than a, you know, relatively
 small section of the elite, unknown Latin, they've known a lot about classical culture,
 but a Latin, more particularly Greek, but even Latin education was still largely for
 boys and largely for the rich ones.
 So I mean, there were some, you know, clever auto-died acts who taught themselves Latin,
 but who this machine was for, why would anybody who didn't know how difficult it was to compose
 Latin poetry be remotely impressed?
 Yeah.
 And some people have thought that it was actually a kind of pistachio, rather expensive, very
 long-term pistachio.
 13 years of my life.
 13 years of my life on a joke, right?
 This is going to be great.
 I mean, I don't think this is correct, but some people have argued that the 1840s, this
 is when these, you know, these little boys, private schools were spending hour after hour
 after hour learning how to compose this Latin poetry.
 And what this bloke is saying, what Mr. Clark is saying, he's like, "I can get a machine
 to do it."
 Yeah, I see.
 It's actually undercutting some of that.
 But then that's still true, like now, like my school, we had one Latin teacher for the
 entire school of a thousand kids, right?
 Well, that's a lot more than many have.
 Yeah, exactly.
 And it's like, there was a report in 2021 that said that staff in the British Civil
 Service are routinely telling jokes in Latin to exclude lower-class colleagues.
 So, okay, it is quite an elitist thing still, isn't it, learning Latin or Greek?
 And is that a problem?
 And should we be teaching everyone it, or shouldn't we be teaching anyone it?
 I think that you should be giving everyone the opportunity to learn it.
 And Latin's always in crisis.
 I mean, in the early 20th century, they were saying Latin was about to die, right?
 Well, you know, it's taken a very long time to do so, if that was the case.
 But I was talking quite recently to a teacher at an ordinary state comprehensive school where
 she had reintroduced some Latin for the kids.
 And she said, "Well, it was great about it.
 It was two things.
 First of all, you didn't have to speak it."
 Right?
 And it wasn't that it helped you necessarily with other languages or whatever though it
 might.
 It was that you didn't have to spend all your time learning how to ask for a pizza in it
 or whatever.
 So, you were just looking at the language.
 She also said, "It's not like when you start introducing French or German, whatever you
 suddenly discover, that misprivileged here is going on for a week, weekend at half-term,
 to get her French better at mum and dad's French chateau."
 No one's going off to the Vatican for the week.
 No one is going off to the Vatican for the week.
 And she said it was really levelling, actually.
 That's a really good point.
 Because anybody could be good at it and nobody had that kind of built-in advantage.
 You know what?
 Everyone in my school was equally good at it because there would be like a quiz at the
 end of each lesson and there'd be ten questions and then you'd have to shout out your score
 and everyone got six out of ten because the Latin word for six is sex.
 And so, literally, we all deliberately got six out of ten so we just went round the class
 and never went, "Sex, sex, sex."
 You know, what's great about Latin, though, is that everybody remembers their Latin lessons
 and their Latin teacher and people tend not to remember their geography teacher, you know?
 But Latin, it has, you know, it really, really kind of gets to you.
 And you remember how you took the piss out of the teacher or whatever, but you'd never
 forget it.
 I don't know until I was 18.
 Did you?
 Yeah.
 And so, how is it?
 My Latin.
 You're still doing it onto your lingo, aren't you?
 That's right.
 Yeah.
 That's only so I can tease my civil service colleagues, though, you know?
 It was great.
 We had to do it at lunchtimes, like instead of playing football, you can either play football
 or do Latin.
 And you chose, did you choose Latin?
 It was chosen for me.
 I see.
 I see.
 And do you regret it?
 No, I loved it.
 I really loved it.
 Yeah, it was mega fun.
 We never did it, but I was in Hong Kong, so I don't think it was an option.
 It's useful in weird ways.
 I do think it's useful for other languages, as in it's genuinely you sort of see how things
 fit together.
 But the thing I can't get is this time where it was so common, like law was all in Latin,
 so people in ordinary people in courtrooms couldn't really understand what was going
 on because courtroom business was all conducted in Latin until 1362.
 Lots of church services.
 Lots of church.
 Look at the whole Catholic church, it existed on Latin until relatively recently.
 Grammar schools were founded to teach Latin to members of the clergy because it was important
 to have good Latin.
 In primary school, we would have to sing Latin hymns.
 Would you?
 Yeah, yeah.
 Wow.
 I think it was one of the journalists who got the scoop that the Pope was stepping down
 because he delivered it in Latin and she was the only one there who could understand it.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 There's also such good stuff written in it.
 You're actually there with what someone wrote 2000 years ago, and it's still bloody amazing.
 It transports you, I guess, right?
 It is.
 It's about time travel.
 Yeah.
 Virgil's Aeneid, right? His first century BC poem on the foundation of Rome.
 What I'm going to say is it's a bit of an exaggeration, or at least I couldn't prove
 it, but I'm pretty certain it's true, that there hasn't been a day since 19 BC when Virgil
 popped his clogs, when someone in the world hasn't been reading the Aeneid.
 It's been read and recited and studied without a gap for 2000 years.
 I think it's just great.
 Okay.
 Sold.
 As long as you don't make it, just posh boys only.
 Yeah.
 You never did Latin.
 One person who didn't agree with you was a guy called William Barnes, who was a linguist
 who taught himself Greek and Latin because he didn't want any Greek or Latin words in
 the English language.
 And so he started coining new words to do away with the Latin.
 So like for instance, instead of the word grammar, he called it speechcraft.
 Instead of ornithology, he called it bird law.
 I quite like bird law.
 Bird law is quite good.
 Yeah.
 These are all quite good.
 Instead of flexible, he wanted people to say Benson.
 And he was like basically saying that people should speak English as in that Anglo-Saxon
 language, not as a Greek slash, which I think even he thought it was just a bit of fun,
 to be honest.
 When was he around?
 He was around the 19th century.
 About the same time as your Latin machine.
 Yeah.
 Oh yeah.
 Yeah.
 But there's only one thing that's still in the OED, which the definition says W Barnes
 term for.
 And that word is push whaling.
 So W-A-I-L-I-N-G push whaling.
 Push whaling.
 You know what that is?
 Push whaling.
 Force crying.
 So faking emotion.
 Faking emotion now.
 That sounds like labour.
 Giving birth.
 Good guess.
 You're pushing and you're whaling?
 No.
 I'm pretty much close.
 But it was, the definition in the OED is W Barnes term for a pram, pram plate.
 And that's still in the OED today?
 That's amazing.
 Push whaling.
 As preparation for today, I'd listen to a bit of Cuomodo Diccita, which is the Latin
 podcast.
 And it's a few, it's really fun, like it's a few very nerdy people who've well versed
 in it and made a study of it.
 And they do it at a kind of slow, slow enough speed that you can just about sort of cling
 on to it.
 And it's, it's fun.
 It's really interesting because you never hear it spoken normally.
 Well, thank God.
 I mean, I think there used to be a set of, you know, slightly eccentric people in Finland
 who did the news in Latin, you know, each week, I think it was, and you think, what's
 the point?
 You know, what is the point?
 Oh, it was fun.
 Cuomodo Diccita is fun.
 It's fun.
 It's good.
 But I want to read things like the Romans wrote.
 I don't want to sit listening to the news, read by some bloody fins in Latin.
 Is your podcast about the modern day button Latin, Andy, the one you're talking about?
 Yeah, they start with how, what have you been up to?
 This is not difficult, like, because there isn't a Latin word for, you know, telephone,
 for instance.
 Yes, I think they do.
 They haven't defined a lot of work around here.
 Yeah.
 They haven't started living like Romans to make it more effective.
 Yeah, yeah.
 The effort reward ratio does not seem to make too much sense.
 Is your Latin good enough that if you went to Vatican City, you could use their ATM
 machines?
 Oh.
 They give you a Latin option?
 I think you can use ATM machines in most language.
 You don't need to be able to speak a language.
 Yeah, I'll jab until numbers come up, and then I'll select immediate.
 And then what you do is you look at all the numbers and you don't understand the current
 scene.
 You choose the second smallest number, and you go for that, because that's probably about
 10 quid.
 Because that's probably doable.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 And you pull the big handle.
 Yeah.
 And then a line of poetry comes up.
 OK, it is time for our final fact of the show, and that is James.
 OK, my fact this week is that the biographer of 7th century French king, Dagoburt I, didn't
 include a list of his lovers because they said it would make the book too long to read.
 Same.
 Same.
 I'm waiting.
 I'm waiting.
 I'm staring at Andy.
 Waiting.
 There's not a gravestone big enough.
 Oh, dear.
 Just a bed post, your tombstone, full of notches.
 Oh, my God.
 Sorry.
 No.
 That is very funny.
 Is that the biographer trying to praise Dagoburt by saying how marvellous he was about it?
 No, not really.
 I don't think so.
 I don't think it was very positive thing.
 So I read this in BBC History Magazine.
 It was part...
 Well, it must be true.
 And I have subsequently checked it.
 God, I love you, Mary.
 We're going to get letters from geography teachers.
 We're going to get letters from BBC History.
 If you are going to send a letter in about this episode, if it's not in Latin, we're
 not going to read it.
 So it's part of the Q&A section where they answer questions that someone might ask about
 history.
 And the question was, how responsible was King Dagoburt I for the decline of the Merovingians?
 Which I think is a question we're always asking ourselves, aren't we?
 Absolutely.
 And it turns out these Merovingians, they were a group that came up with this.
 They came after the Romans, right, Mary?
 So maybe you don't like them so much, because...
 I know nothing about them.
 I was delighted that you were going to take us into the Merovingians.
 Because, you know, I've always been busting to know a bit more about them.
 Well, they were very big around the 5th century AD.
 They ruled in what's now France, Germany, Belgium.
 And Dagoburt came along.
 And he was a bit of a black sheep.
 And he was dog by scandal.
 He moved the court to Paris because he was a bit of a playboy.
 And there was lots of fun happening in Paris.
 He lived in loads of luxury, tried to get as much gold as possible.
 And he'd previously married his stepsister to cement the monarchy, as was quite common
 in those days.
 Dagoburt.
 But he divorced her as soon as his father died.
 Because his father was the one who was kind of organising it all.
 He got in charge, divorced his wife, and then just went through loads and loads of affairs.
 And basically all this debauchery was the beginning of the end for the Merovingians.
 So it's a moral tale, really.
 It really is.
 Yeah.
 It seems like that, doesn't it?
 And the biographer links his sort of personal lust with his lust for ecclesiastical lands.
 You know, it always starts with first, and eventually you're on the ecclesiastical lands.
 That's what you lust after eventually.
 This all comes, I should say, from the Chronicle of Fredegar, which was the 7th century Frankish
 Chronicle written about the Merovingian kings.
 Because we all know that anyway.
 Yeah.
 I have never come across the Merovingians before.
 It's kind of a word you hear, like the guy in the Matrix?
 Yeah.
 The guy in the Matrix.
 But they were the ruling family, weren't they, of the Frankish kingdom.
 And they were the ones who came before like Charlemagne and...
 Yeah.
 We've heard of them.
 The Romans are fine, the Carolingians are fine, but it's the Merovingians which...
 The Merovingians, when you look them up, there's one thing that comes up on a lot of pages
 and it separates them from the Romans and the Carolingians, which is long hair was seen
 as power in their society.
 Roulous had long hair and there's a professor called James Palmer who said that basically
 if there was someone who was an heir to the throne that they thought it's not going to
 be quite good enough, they would shave their head, pop them into a monastery like a monk.
 But have them on standby because they haven't gone bold, they can grow back right.
 And if the person then, who's been put in power, was seen as bad, they can knock that
 person out and bring back the monk.
 Can I say, if you're like the next in line for the Merovingians and you start going bold,
 is that you done?
 Well, yeah.
 There's no hair transplants in those days.
 No, exactly.
 It's...
 There's wigs though.
 Ah.
 Okay.
 There we go.
 But it was a tool of state power that one of the queens was called Clotild and she was
 6th century queen, widow of King Clovis and Clovis, by the way, is where we get Louis
 from.
 Clovis, knock off the sea, you got Lovis, that's why so many French kings are called
 Louis.
 Is it?
 It was all from Clovis, yeah.
 Anyway, her grandsons were meant to be crowned, they were slated next up, all of this.
 And then some plotters in the family abducted them and dispatched a henchman to Queen Clotild
 saying, "We've got a pair of scissors here and a sword here.
 Which do you want for your grandsons?"
 And the idea was either we can execute them as royals or we can cut their hair, which
 means their life won't be worth living, they'll be living as non-royals.
 And she said, "Sword please, sword please for my grandsons."
 Wow.
 I'd rather that than a haircut, which means a non-royal life.
 Big decision.
 Yeah, that's hard.
 And the Carolingians, when they came in, had to separate themselves from the whole long
 hair thing, so they went for the mustache.
 Yeah.
 That was their big thing.
 Yeah.
 Charlemagne, picture his long mustache.
 Lovely.
 Yeah.
 I couldn't tell you what Charlemagne looked like, I must say.
 What's weird is, I'm not actually sure I've seen a picture of him, I just have conjured
 that in my head.
 Here's one thing I found about Dagoburt, which I'd never heard before.
 He was the first French king to be crowned on a folding chair, like a fishing chair.
 And I was reading about these folding chairs, and apparently it was one of the best things
 you could have for quite a lot, like in ancient Rome.
 Interesting.
 What I mean, it's like an X-shape legs and then almost like a cloth belt, but it was
 actually made of sort of like a director's chair.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 But without a back.
 But without a back.
 Yeah.
 And they were made of wood, and they were huge in ancient Egypt.
 There's one in the British Museum, Tutankhamun was buried with two of them, and now it's
 mostly people watching golf.
 The kings of our age.
 The Emperor Augustus took one to the opening of a rather posh theatre, and he fell off
 his very bad, bad size, he fell off his folding chair.
 I bet no one laughed at that.
 Well only, it was a bit of a risk to tell off it.
 Wow.
 That's a quite famous ruler of this period, Dagobot the Second.
 Oh yeah.
 Don't get me started on that.
 Oh boy.
 Here we go again.
 Down's on his hobby horse.
 Well, you never know how history is going to replace you and your story into new light,
 and that's what happened with Dagobot the Second, because he disappeared and no one quite
 knows was he murdered, what was the end of his story.
 Cut to many, many years later, this hoax is set up, this thing called the Priory of Scion,
 where the idea is that they are looking after the bloodline of the Merovingians, and then
 that gets picked up by the writers of a book, which is all about the bloodline of Christ,
 and brought into that.
 So the Merovingians are the descendants of Christ, is the slave.
 Exactly, the Da Vinci code is largely
 Do you want to retract your very learned comment from earlier, Mary?
 No, it's not my theory, and I made sure this fact was last at the show, so if Mary walked
 out we'd have enough in the tank.
 Do you want to know the truth about the Merovingians, Dan?
 This is the truth.
 This was a claim made at the time, not by the kings themselves, but I think by people around
 them, that they were descended from a sea monster, not from a god, but a specific
 Have you heard of a
 I think your cab's here, Mary.
 Have you heard of a quina tour?
 Like a quina tour, but not.
 Exactly.
 But with quins, so with five horns.
 The quina tour is the most ridiculous looking animal you'll ever see.
 It's a half-bull, half-fish, but it's got five horns up front.
 It's because the word Merovech, where we get Merovingian, it means sea-bull, so
 Oh, of course.
 I've forgotten.
 I've forgotten.
 So the quina tour, supposedly, is the answer.
 Is his head like one of those, you know those ring-toss things that kids have?
 Exactly like that.
 Does it look like that?
 Exactly like that.
 Yeah, and they're different colours for different prizes.
 Oh, yeah.
 This was so embarrassing when he was trying to give a good talk and just a hoop would
 land on his
 Guys, come on, five minutes, put a big speech there.
 So this fact was about biographers and stuff.
 And I want to know, what I read is that it was quite dangerous to be a biographer in
 ancient times, because you basically had to you had to say really nice things about the
 person you're biographising, but you couldn't go over the top because it would seem like
 you were being too obsequious.
 But then on the other hand, if you said anything bad, you could basically be put to death.
 Right.
 So there was an obvious answer to this.
 You wait till they're dead before you write the biography.
 Okay.
 So your publishers are going to be on your mirrors, mirrors really looking forward to
 seeing a proof.
 Exactly.
 And you're half the advance, yeah, it's not.
 I'm sorry, the last chapter's taken me a bit longer than I thought it was going to
 run working on it.
 Interesting.
 You just, you know, one thing you never want to do is to talk about the emperor while he's
 alive.
 Yeah.
 The other thing about the biographers is how much of it was true, right?
 See, probably very little, particularly if you're dealing with the concupines of Dacabere,
 I suspect.
 But when I was a student, a long time ago, we were always taught now you've got to go
 through all these biographies and you've got to get your blue pencil out and you've
 got to, you've got to put a line through all the bits that can't possibly be true.
 So you do that and then you come to some bits and think, could it be true?
 Well, maybe it could be put a question mark and I spent years of my life doing that really.
 Because I, in the last few years, I've realised it's not the point.
 The point is that people believe this stuff, you know.
 It's taking you a bit into the kind of way we think about monarchs and celebs, et cetera.
 We tell these stories about their excesses, which are not true, but they certainly tell
 us about how we envisage, you know, it goes right down to the kind of innocent King Charles,
 doesn't it?
 You know, he has someone who puts toothpaste on his toothbrush for him.
 The story about King Charles is that he had like 12 different eggs made every morning
 of different hardness and he would choose which one to eat and stuff.
 And you know, that goes right back to the ancient world because there's a story about
 the kitchens of Antony and Cleopatra and kind of next to Eyewitness visits the kitchens
 and there's eight boars roasting, right?
 And the guy says to the cook, "God, you must be expecting a large party to dinner tonight."
 And the cook says, "No, it's just we don't quite know when they're going to sit down
 to eat, so we put them all on at different times so that one will be ready when they
 want it."
 And that's just like the boar's example.
 It's so funny.
 Cool?
 I have 12 microwaves in my house and I put one frozen lasagna in each.
 But I was brought up with the idea that the Queen's corgis, the late Queen's corgis,
 ate out of silver dishes.
 And I once went to do some filming in Windsor Castle with a film crew and we had to go quite
 near the sort of more domestic apartments.
 And as we passed the door to the pets area, we all looked at each other because lined
 up by the door were a load of very nasty plastic bowls.
 Wow.
 They were for the staff, they were for the staff.
 Everybody said, "So it's not true, then."
 But the point where you're saying is the fact that we think that about the royal family
 tells us a lot more about life today than whether it's true or not.
 And that's what we want to believe as well.
 About how we imagine power, how we imagine wealth, what would we do if we had unlimited
 wealth?
 Well, my dog would eat out of silver bowls.
 I feel a bit sorry for Dagoburt the first though, you know, because if you're a monarch,
 one thing they always get you for is too much sex, isn't it?
 It's always, we couldn't possibly fit the names of all the concubines in.
 One of the definitions of a monarch is that they have more sex than everybody else.
 And that's partly about power, but then it gets used against them as they're absolutely
 lurid bastards who you can't trust.
 And in Rome, of course, the wives are having too much sex as well.
 Is that the slander or the reputation?
 That's what's always been, that is always a reputation that, you know, the emperor
 Claudius' wife, Messalina, one story about her cannot possibly be true, but it's a real
 revelation is that she's supposed to have challenged the prostitutes of Rome to a competition
 of who could sleep with most men in one night.
 And she won, of course.
 She fell off halfway through, but the judges decided that she had won.
 And you think you can't win with your sex life if you're a ruler.
 When the truth is, they were all happy that once a year like the rest of us.
 In a very boring way.
 Dagobah's reputation has recovered because now in France, there's a phrase, Le bon roi
 dagobah, the good King Dagobah.
 And it's basically the ultra basic nursery rhyme that French children learn and are sung
 by their parents.
 Like Old King Cole is a merry old song.
 It's exactly like that.
 And it's all, there's a French revolutionary song, Le bon roi dagobah, because that was
 a way of making fun of kings and monarchy without actually making fun of King Louis
 XVI.
 It was two years before the revolution, this song was written as a way of satirising the
 monarchy.
 But now that's survived.
 And it's one of the absolute root one lullabies in France.
 But they don't tell them about his sex life, though.
 That's a later verse.
 It's normally skipped.
 That's when he calls for his fiddle as three, that's what that's all about.
 OK, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we've said over
 the course of this podcast, we can all be found on social media accounts.
 So I'm on @Sribeland on Instagram, James.
 I'm on TikTok.
 Another such thing as James Harkin.
 Andy.
 I'm on Instagram @AndrewHundereb.
 Mary, are you on online?
 Oh, gosh.
 Look, our Instant Classics podcast.
 Yes.
 And you'll find me.
 Yeah, nice.
 Yeah, you can't, they can't speak back to you, but they can listen to you.
 Yeah.
 They have socials all listed there, so they can speak back to you.
 Great.
 Awesome.
 OK.
 And if you want to write into us, go to podcast@qi.com.
 That's an email address where you can send all your stuff, and Andy will read it, send
 in your facts, send in anything that you want to say to us.
 And we might use some of those as part of our bonus episode, which is called Drop Us
 Align, but that's in a very special place called Club Fish, which is our secret members'
 club.
 If you want to get access to that, just go to our website.
 No such thing as a fish.com.
 You'll also see links to live tickets, bits of merch, all that stuff.
 Otherwise, just come back here next week, after you've listened to Mary's new podcast,
 and then check out our next episode.
 We'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 Bye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
