 Howdy club fish members. How you doing? Down here. We have a compilation episode for you today.
 This is the best bits of the stuff that didn't make it into the main episodes, little outtakes,
 little extra bits of info that didn't quite fit the narrative of the show or bung together here
 for you, starring the four fishers plus John Lloyd, the QI Supremo. So I hope you enjoy that.
 This should be hitting the club fish page on Tuesday, which means we're just under two weeks
 away from doing our next live show, which is happening in Sheffield at the Crossed wires festival,
 which is going to say that if you are thinking of coming, we are on the edge of selling out,
 and so don't leave it to last minute, because there might not be any tickets left.
 You can find them again in no such thing as a fish.com. It can be really fun night. I think the show is
 about 85 minutes. We're going to be doing really fun things like we're going to enter someone
 into the fish Hall of Fame, a local from Sheffield, who has been mentioned previously on the episode,
 so they'll be up on stage with us, or at least that's the plan. We might try out something new
 altogether. It's always fun doing these live shows, and we'd love to see you there. So come along,
 but for now, enjoy the compilation episode. Here we go.
 I had a quick hunt, by the way, because Marie's plums. Nice to have something named after you,
 Andy. I wanted to see if we had any other fruits that were relevant to us, the other three of us.
 So I found Harkin Peaches. I was just reading up to see if there were any similarities. So I found
 someone who actually farms them, and they say that normally Harkin trees are pretty finicky producers.
 I'm a finicky producer when it comes to TV production. You're covered in a lovely soft fuzz.
 You don't have a Toshinsky, but you have an Anna, which is Anna's apple, which is Anna Bowlin's.
 After all, Anna Bowlin. I'm not sure. That's not make assumptions. That's a leap. That's a leap.
 Maybe they've got her head. Well, in some of the photos, it is quite a flat apple. They didn't take
 photos at the time. What? Oh, right, of the apple. Is it? In some photos, there's different shapes to it,
 so yeah, I got excited. I've been to two of Ambulin's homes in the last month. Ambulin's following me
 around at the moment. No, you're following her around. These other detectors, like the weird
 ways people have tried to detect neutrinos, because lots of countries have got their own ones
 around the place. So there's one in Japan, which is a tank of 50,000 tonnes of ultra-pure water
 under a mountain. That's called the super cameo candy. And scientists have to get rafts around the
 surface of this. What on the ultra-pure water? They were around on it. I shot that clean the raft
 before they go in. They probably have one of those little, you know, a little puddle of clean water
 that you walk through so that you don't get varuchas. Yeah, definitely. And they'll have a pool robot
 on the inside, just getting anything else. They're just a guy with his top off at a long net.
 Then the first detector built in the 60s by Raymond Davis, Jr. and John Buckle was a tank
 with half a million litres of dry cleaning fluid in it. Oh, yeah. What? Yeah, it has more uses, I guess.
 Dry cleaning fluid? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I actually don't know if I know what dry, you mean,
 like washing fluid? No, it's a chemical you use, isn't it? I can't remember what it's called now.
 Never been to dry cleaners. Wouldn't know. But, cool. Glad it's got another even better application.
 Yeah, absolutely. Yeah, yeah. That's really cool. And there's one called Dune in America.
 It's two. It's underground. It is underground, like the worms, but there are two detectors,
 800 miles apart. One is pointing at the other one. You know, plums have stones in them.
 They're unique to the species that stone. You know all the, like, the little bumps and stuff
 that you get. Like a fingerprint? Like a fingerprint. So you know which plum is burgled you?
 What do you mean you need to the species? Sorry. So if you get a little plum stone, it's got loads
 of wrinkles on it. And you have a buck which has all the different patterns. You'll be able to tell
 which species a plum it comes from or which variety. Wow, it matches the same dense in the
 stone. Yeah, yeah, exactly. And so in the Murray Rose ship, oh, we sang when 16th century,
 and then they raised it in 20th century. They found all these stones, all these plum stones,
 and they could tell exactly what species they were. And they went or what variety they were.
 And they went back to the National Fruit Centre, which I think we might have mentioned before.
 Yes. And checked it against modern fruits. And they could see exactly what they were.
 Oh my goodness. That's insane. So actually they share fingerprints. So if you're one species of plum,
 then you can blame the burglary on your mate who's the same species because you've left the same
 print. It's almost like every family would have the same or something like that. That's a nice
 time. Yeah. Every time. Professor plum. Yeah. So plum's blue gold, they're called in Serbia.
 They have 40 million plum trees, and at least three plum festivals every year in Serbia.
 Brilliant. And if you have Schlippervitz,
 Serbian drink, the National Drink, then that's plum flavoured usually.
 Oh god. Is that the thing they give you at the end of every meal whenever you go to one of those
 countries? Yeah. If you're in like Serbia, Montenegro, some parts of Bosnia, and they give you that,
 have it, because if you don't, you're insulting them, but you're going to regret it the next day.
 Is it like all of those things where it claims to be flavoured with expert tastes like petrol?
 Yeah, it tastes really strong. It's not quite chemical. There's often a thing where...
 I don't know if this is your experience, but where if you're there with someone of the opposite sex,
 so in my experience, my wife would be given a reasonably nice spirit, and I would be given something
 that was absolutely lighter flowing. It's a slightly blocier thing to get. And she's got a
 little bit of plum brandy or something and I'm just drinking pure diesel. I must admit,
 whenever I've been with Serbians and the, um, Schlippervitz has come out, usually everyone's getting
 involved. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I've never had that experience. They must think of you as
 particularly manly. What they've seen my plums see there.
 The venison general, I didn't know how it's built, so I knew it was lagoonie. I knew it's in the
 middle of a lagoon. There wasn't a road or rail link until the middle of the 19th century,
 but it was built. What I didn't know is that it is how it's on stills. So every building is built on
 these wooden poles, which have been driven down into the sediment. And if you drive down
 enough poles, it's like 9 or 10 per square meter. You can just put stone on top of that and it all
 appears. So the Church of San Marco required 10,000 oak trees to be converted into poles.
 For one church. For one church, it's a big church. The whole of Venice must be way even more than that.
 It's millions. Millions and millions of these poles. It's like it's an inverted forest. It's so cool.
 And this was literally 1500 years ago, wasn't it? I mean, this is in the 5th century or whatever,
 which is extraordinary that they were able to do that. I think and the good thing is because they're
 underwater and they're all underwater, right? So you've got the rocks on top, but the poles themselves
 never go above the water. And that means they don't rot because there's no oxygen to make them
 rock. So they stay on the water and they're still now. The ones from 1500 years ago are still good.
 They're not kind of falling apart. It's amazing. And there was a drum, the batty pally, the pile hitters.
 That was their job was to pound the piles into the ground. You need a big hammer for that, don't you?
 How are you doing that? What do you do? I didn't often work experience on a farm once and I had to.
 When you're building a fence, you have this big metal drum which is open at one end and it's got two
 handles. It's like a milk churn, basically, but you put it upside down. You put it over the stake.
 You're banging into the ground, the stake banging, and you just lift it up and bang down it goes.
 It's such a hard work. But in water, that must be really difficult. Oh, with a whole sort of tree,
 you basically, you've got to be so strong. You've got to be so strong. Yeah, and they had their
 traditional song, which was all about Venice and its glory and death to the Turks, like good
 traditional stuff. And even now in Venice, there's a phrase "na testa de baté pay" which means
 a head that is good to pound down the piles. Are you a bit thick? You know, you're going to head to
 useful for banging it. And now we're going to talk about why you only lasted an afternoon of work
 experience on that farm. Yeah, I've been slated for a seven-year contract of stake banging,
 but I got tired. It's really hard work. You know George Foreman's Grill, most famous grill of all
 time. It's shifted like over 100 million units. Is it a barbecue? No, no, it's like a grill.
 You sort of, you host your maker. It looks exactly like one, but it's for meat. And it's positioned
 on an angle so that all of the juices sort of run down and away. And he's made more, he made,
 because he's passed away now, more money off the back of that than his entire boxing career by
 subestantial amount. He's made like between 200 and 500 million off of it, because he was getting 40%
 of the deal. But most people mistook him as the creator of it. But in fact, it was this brilliant
 innovator who was called Michael Bohm, who was the person who started it. He went to George Foreman
 and Hulk Hogan to say which one of you could do it, or he went to the same agent who had both of
 them. Foreman got it in the end. But this guy, no one believed him that he invented it. So he used to
 walk around with the patent on him any time that someone said, you're not the inventor. He was a,
 am I not? Have a look at my patent. Not talking to him at a party. That's what that's like.
 He's a t-shirt saying, I invented the George Foreman Grill is deterring me. And the arm is not talking to
 you at a party, but a serious trouble. Yeah, Mitterrand, Francois Mitterrand, isn't it?
 The reason one. Yeah, very recent. He had a wife, but he also had a mistress in the dark. He
 basically lived a double life. And it was his wife, Danielle, who insisted that it was kept secret
 from the press. And basically, the press all knew about it, but they like decided they wouldn't
 print anything. France, they're ultra conservative about exposing their leaders. They really are.
 They're very, very cautious about it. I suppose it's weird because they're conservative about
 that, but they are much more liberal as we famously know about relationships. So Mitterrand's situation
 was so interesting. Before he became president, he lived in a house with his wife and his wife's
 lover, who had just had a separate room in their house. And when he became president, Dan don't
 think about it. I thought he struck you there, though, to make that noise. But when he did become
 president, they like his staff moved to the woman Anne, who he was having this affair with,
 into a house, it was nice and near him. So he could go through all the time. And they employed a guy
 to make sure that no one printed anything about them. So there was this guy called Grand Swad,
 The Grosse of, and whenever any journalist sort of sniffed around, they said, we're going to do an
 article about this separate life you have. At one stage, they got a journalist and kidnapped him
 and locked him in the cell for a week, saying, oh my god. And then it's like it's a bigger story.
 And then in 2021, it turned out that he wasn't living a double life. After all, he was living a triple
 life. And there was another woman called Claire, who was 50 years his junior, who that he was having
 affair with the whole time as well. I actually think he was having lots of shags along the way. But yeah,
 Claire again, it was so interesting. It was just like very different standards that I can't judge.
 So she Claire had followed him for four years, when she was 18 to 22. And then eventually invited
 him around her house. And they had basically what seems like quite a nice relationship for the last
 10 years of his life alongside his marriage. It's one interpretation. And then people could say that
 it was an appropriate. Yeah, you could say that there's a massive massive power imbalance.
 You could say that. Yes, although she's definitely more physically able. And the staff all said it
 was great because she could go on official visits with him and because she was so young, even in
 France, no one suspected that they were together. So she used to accompany him. Brilliant. In many
 ways, the perfect crime. I want to stress the word cry. Yeah. But all of this stuff about method
 acting for method. I love. It's about to Stanislavsky does. Yes. Russian, Russian acting coach.
 Yeah. Constantin Stanislavsky. And he founded this realistic acting stuff. And all acting was
 very unrealistic on film because it was silent film. So you have to have big theatrical gestures
 and movements and theater as well. Exactly. And then it all changed as when the close-up is
 invented. Suddenly you zoom right in on someone's face and they're going, they look like they're
 overacting crazily. And so then you could do the less is more school. But then Stanislavsky
 founded this sort of realistic acting stuff. Yeah. And you would go in and you'd be an actor in
 Stanislavsky's Moscow theatre. And you would do your lines and he would just go, I don't believe you.
 And you do them again. He go, I don't believe you. I don't believe you. I don't believe you. And you
 just say that again and again and again until it was right. That was genuinely giving me a flashback
 to my clown school days. It's horrible. It's horrible when someone hates what you're doing and they
 and they won't let you go. But Stanislavsky in fairness, he walked the walk. So he did that method
 himself and whenever he was acting apart he would go for a walk in Yalta. Like he had a big sort of theatre
 in Crimea and he would go for a walk in his character every single morning. Everyone would laugh at him
 and point at him but he didn't really mind because he was just trying to get into character.
 I really respect the lack of social fear that you have to have to do. Like Daniel Day-Lewis
 just having the guts to do it. And I really like the fact I thought he was a bit of a dick for doing
 it but then you read interviews and he said he does it for fun which I can really empathise with.
 It's like he says I do it to play. Also it's the director saying yeah we'll pay for you to
 like live in Prague and learn Czech. But do you know the famous story and the great story about
 method acting? I found something out about that. You know the Dustin Hoffman,
 Lawrence Olivier Tail which is that when they were filming Marathon Man with Dustin Hoffman
 in the 80s was it and Dustin Hoffman stagged in one day and there's one bit of Marathon Man
 where the lead character that Dustin Hoffman's playing has to have been awake for three days straight
 and he stagged in and says to Lawrence Olivier I stayed awake for three days preparing for this
 character. I feel like absolute shit and he's haggin in his hairs all over the place and Lawrence
 Olivier just turned him put his hand on his shoulder and said my dear why don't you try acting?
 Anyway famous story. Dustin Hoffman has said he wasn't actually doing it to prepare. He'd just been
 out on the booze for three nights straight. And I think maybe he's trying to sound cool now
 because he said he comes across as the loser in that story. As Lawrence Olivier is the aloof.
 It was also dead so there's no you can't come back and say he's lying. He's lying. Exactly. I love
 there's a story which is sort of method acting. Steve Martin when he did Roxanne the movie he has a
 giant nose right Pinocchio long. They were in a small town and they were filming and he finished a
 day and really needed a drink so it takes a long time to take the prosthetic off so he's like I'm
 just going for a drink. But then he sort of got cold feet while he was out and I've got this giant
 nose. I'm going to walk into a bar. No one knows really who I am out here and he gets into a bar
 and it does the classic piano stops playing. Everyone turns around and he's freaking out thinking oh
 go what am I doing? I'm going to get my ass kicked walks up to the bar and I grew some looking dude
 according to him walks up to him and says hey why the long face. Beautiful. Come on. Great
 a story I've ever heard. Love. He's better on paper. Avant de Gaulle. She's an interesting character.
 Charles de Gaulle's wife. Exactly. Yeah so she was the first lady of France and she there was a story
 that while sort of his retirement was imminent she was at Buckingham Palace and I guess asked her
 what are you most looking forward to in your retirement. She said a penis. I mean it's almost the
 origin of that joke. She was saying happiness but it was oh god and then Steve Martin walked in
 and she's just on my jokes. It's your fault. History's jokes. But yeah she's a very interesting
 character. While we're talking about censorship as the top bit of this fact she was very much
 against things like displays of nudity and sex and tried to have things pass so that they wouldn't
 be shown in public. Many skirts were a problem for her as well. She wanted the lengthening of a skirt
 to have to actually be legally asserted in length and then there's this amazing thing. You know there
 was an assassination attempt on on shot. Oh well there was one of both of them. I mean he was one of
 the most almost as opposed to better history. So 1962 they get ambushed while they're in their car
 and it's machine gun fire. They both survive her first words after she got out of the car were
 a penis. Please cut out the earlier efforts. I think I'll really. A first question was how were
 my chickens? And it's because she just bought some chickens in jelly at some fair at some
 floor. That still was more concerned to her. That machine gun bullets might have absolutely
 proliterated them. But they're in the car. They're in the boot the car. Yeah. God what could have
 happened? Like even if you're chicken get shot by a bullet. Maybe they're red chickens that you
 only get at that one fair once a year. You know I get it. Okay. Fair enough. I'll be your question too.
 The cockle van. More like cockle boot. Coggo van with a name. There you go. Yes. There's a joke in
 that somewhere. Absolutely. Mongolia barbecue is quite cool. It's called boo dog. What you do is
 you take your. You frighten a dog. It leaps into the fire and then pops your uncle. I think if
 you told the dog about this they get frightened. So you get your animal. Let's say it's a mammoth.
 You cut it open from its head to its groin. Slice it right down. You take out all the insides.
 You season them and then you stuff them back in again with stones and veggies and you put it over a
 fire and you just leave it over the fire for ages and ages and then you bring it out and you
 eat all the insides and the stones are now really really hot and you pass them around the group.
 Everyone gets to hold the stones in their hand. Why? Well I was going to ask you that.
 Why would you want to do that? It gets quite cold in Mongolia I guess. It does at times.
 Yeah. It's warmer this way. This is supposed to move. Put on your hand. It's like a hot plate.
 It just keeps it a bit warm. Oh yeah. Good call. Apparently it's supposed to help against stress.
 Okay. Hold it in very hot stones. I feel stressed. How fast is the fastest submarine?
 Ooh I bet you can give it in. Give it an MPH if you want. This is the underwater sea record.
 Also 50. Oh really? I've had some 50 miles an hour for it. I was going to say 200.
 I'm so less. There's a lot of water resistance in there and they're so big and fat.
 I'm going to say 30. No that's mad. 40. Andy is the closest but he's absolutely miles away.
 It's 51.4. I think Glenke. The little moment illustrator. There's something interesting about him.
 He is similar to one of us. Oh he has something that one of us have.
 Really loves his wife. No it's not him. No it's something that one of you two have James and Anna.
 Oh okay. A bolt an accent. It's not Anna. A superior reticom plate.
 It's that he can't picture things in his mind's eye. He has an illustrator.
 He has a fantasia. Oh fantasia is another Disney film. Oh wow.
 Sorry. He is mind-blind as he calls it. It's not why he has to draw things because
 he can't see them in his mind so literally every time he thinks he has to draw it.
 No it's not but it makes it very difficult to draw things can I say. It was really hard because
 you can't imagine it before you put it on paper. So you start drawing stuff and then halfway
 free like this is nothing like what it's supposed to be. That's exactly right and he says
 the same thing. They're not drawing from memory they're creating so they have to scribble
 tweak until they have what they want. But he's one of the best animators ever. He's from the new
 golden age of animation. He drew the beast from beauty and the beast. So it can't be that hard James.
 I mean this guy's drawing the best drawing. Why haven't you already drawn?
 Can we talk about the little mermaid in Copenhagen? Sure thing. So there's a statue
 of the little mermaid in Copenhagen. Yeah. Which I think is one of the most suffering statues of
 all time. Right? So she's in the harbour. She's sitting on a rock. She's looking beautiful. She's
 washing her hair or something whatever. But she's Hans Christian Andersen's little mermaid because
 that's his original story which is very different. It's a bit more gruesome in the ending. It's
 not quite as disneyish but it's you know it's a classic fairy tale. Anyway this statue has been
 absolutely through the ring. Right? She was decapitated in 1964 and 1998. Her right arm was cut
 off in the 80s. She was partially decapitated in 1990. In 2003 she was blown up with dynamite.
 This statue has just had it that people have a go at this statue all the time.
 I think it's exciting. Oh just because she's so famous. She's such an icon.
 Well it's all sorts of reasons. So there was one group of radical feminists who claimed
 that they had done it to sort of point out to create a sim... they claimed their cut off of her head
 to create a symbol of the sexually fixated and male misogynist dream of women as being bodies without
 heads. I point well made I think. But didn't they then find that actually they'd known
 of evidence and they probably didn't do it. So they set a murder squad on the case that I love.
 Do you know they all like every single time she's been defaced? They get the murder squad.
 It's probably the same cut every time. But basically in 1990, an anonymous tip off guy rang up
 a TV cameraman, freelance TV cameraman called Michael Pulson and said go and check out the little
 man made's head. It's gone. Right. And he got to the scene of the crime and there were two people
 apparently roll skating away saying too late and then on day four the head turned up and it was
 returned by a masked figure to a TV station. And the return happened to be filmed by a freelance
 TV cameraman called Michael Pulson who was the one who got the original beheading scoop
 and he made lots of money selling both sets of shots and he was arrested as having maybe
 and done it himself. And did he get found LCR? He was released. He was questioned in them released so
 it wasn't him in the end. But it was thought that the whole thing would be done as kind of the
 thing to get some PR. But that wasn't it. No, I don't know if they got the 1991. Is it hard to
 decalitate a statue? Oh yeah. So that's a lot of out of bronze is hard to bronze is hard. Yeah,
 I'm surprised that they managed to do it because it seems to have been hacksawed off every time.
 Whenever I've been there, there's always a lot of tourists nearby so like you'd have to do in the
 middle of a night or something. Yeah. I think they do. Yeah. I think it was exciting for her.
 Because the biggest statue must be mostly so boring. There was an article in 2017 written in
 June and said literally by June of that year she'd already worn a burger, held a sex toy and been
 covered in paint twice. I mean, what a gig. Yeah. Unless you were racist as a statue, you'd see no action
 basically. But she's not, is she? She's not racist. No, no, no, but I'm just saying the only other
 statues that get hard to tell down. I don't know what people's motivation was, but probably when she
 was wearing a burger holding a sex toy, she was racist at that moment. No, I don't know, she was doing
 them both at the same time. I don't know if that makes it better. Is she complicit to those decisions?
 You know the Millennium dome? Yeah, man. Think of it from above, right? Yeah. What,
 what, how does it look? Circle. Like, yeah, like, what else does it feature?
 Some like, there's like some wires that go down to that, there's like a certain, yes, there's that.
 And you can actually walk over the top of it now. It's like a tourist thing you can do.
 There's a massive hole in the side of the Millennium dome that no one ever talks about.
 Okay. And what it is is, it's got a, it's a huge tower, like a ventilation tower for the
 black wall tunnel, which runs under London, and it needed to have a vent turn. No way.
 And they said, but that's where we want to build the Millennium dome. And they said, well, sorry,
 that's where our big tower is going. And it's just in the middle of the Millennium dome.
 And they convinced them by saying, don't worry, no one will notice. And she, as it turns out,
 you're the first person to know this. People will just not pay attention to it. Look at it,
 it's got a massive hole in the top. Don't know that. That's really weird. It's amazing. This
 building tunnel in Norway has a ventilation thing, doesn't it? Halfway through. We mentioned
 then the podcast a few weeks ago that you need to have these big fans and tunnels to make sure
 that the air goes through. Not just Andy standing in every tunnel. I'm a big fan.
 I'm very useless in actually ventilating the tunnel. But the one in Norway, it comes out
 in like the top of a mountain somewhere. I tried to find out on Google Maps and I could find
 the area, but I couldn't see the hole. Are you going to go there with a big cork? I was thinking,
 quite cool to go down there. I was thinking exactly the same thing. Well done. I'm going one step
 further. I think what a cool film or adventure to go in there and crawl all the way through.
 But when the Great Western Railway was built, there's quite a lot of tunnels there. And there's
 a guy called Dionysius Ladner who said, sorry, Dionysius Ladner. See, 2,000 years old. Victorian,
 Victorian. I mean, they knew how to name babies in those days. He said that if you put any train
 in a tunnel as long as, like, let's say the box tunnel, which is one of the big ones on the Great
 Western Railway, they said that the train would use up so much oxygen when it was moving that there
 wouldn't be anything for the passengers to breathe and then they would just die. He was saying that.
 He was saying that and he isn't right about those tunnels, but he is right that you do need a
 lot of insulation in those tunnels. Yeah, tough gig. That's amazing. I do have a tunnel that there's
 a sort of railway legend about, which was, this was designed by Isambard Kingdom Brunel. It was in
 the 19th century. It is the box tunnel near Bath. Do you know that tunnel? That's one I just
 mentioned. Oh, okay. Sorry. All right. So this was built with the idea that it was done deliberately
 so that light would shine from one end to the other through, right? It's like one of these big
 legends. At first, be on his birthday. It was meant to be on his birthday and the idea was not really
 confirmed until 200 years later when it was shut down and they were able to properly look through
 on a morning. I don't think it's been confirmed that it's for sure, like that was the reason.
 Oh, no, no, no. Exactly. But the legend that the sun would be seen on either side of the tunnel
 was a thing and that was done because it was said it was architecturally built so that it would do that
 on the birthday of Brunel and that was the 9th of April, which is today, the day that we over.
 We asked the railway company once if we could go and film it. Oh, really?
 For QI and they said, for some reason, they wouldn't stop the entire rail network just so we could
 go and film it. I mean, they stopped it a lot of the time, many way, for much worse reasons.
 Yeah, exactly. And is it that if you hold the prison in the right place, it shows you where the
 arc of the covenant is? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. So we need to find it before the Nazis take us.
 This I'm just jumping back to this submarine that went around the world. It was a pretty amazing
 like the psychology of what do you do when you keep people for 60 days, which is roughly how long
 they were under. They had psychologists on board to monitor that and work out what was going on.
 They did things like make people quit smoking because everyone was smoking up until recently.
 It's only been banned smoking on submarines. So yeah, so they did days of testing psychologically.
 What does it do when you stop smoking? It did bad things. Everyone was really irritable.
 So they allowed them to start smoking again. They treated it a bit like a bit of a sightseeing tour,
 the whole of the trip. So anytime they got near land, the periscope would go up and everyone
 was allowed a turn of just having a look. So they got to Easter Island and everyone had a good old look.
 They pulled up to certain islands, whereas some of the members on board had family living there
 and asked them to out like locate the house on the shore. So one guy actually spotted his mum and
 dad's house through the periscope. And I think that's why this guy, this Filipino guy found them.
 Wasn't it? Because they take him the same route as Ferdinand McGellan did when he went around the
 world. And at one stage, they saw that they were near like a statue of McGellan or something.
 And so they put the periscope up so everyone could see the statue. And that's where he was.
 There's one detail where his story wasn't believed or so we're told because this happened to
 have happened on April fulls day. And so when he came back and said, I saw a sea monster. I was like,
 okay, mate. Yeah, I sure think. Good day. You wouldn't believe it. You know, would you believe it
 every other day of the year? Someone comes to me and say they've seen a sea monster.
 There's like literally no day of the year except maybe Christmas is a present to them that I say,
 oh yeah, really cool. Yeah, probably April fulls day is the one day where you go, okay, well,
 that's just too obvious to be an April fulls day. It must be true. Yeah.
 The sentient island was an absolutely key part of the Falkland's War, wasn't it?
 They used this staging post. Yeah. Because that was one of the three. Those three islands aren't
 their sentient Tristidicunia. Tristidicunia. The UK took over sentient island when Napoleon was
 in St. Helena because they thought that they might use it. He might escape. Yeah.
 It's a very convenient only 2,000 mile away. Hopped to skip on a job to save Napoleon and we can't
 let it happen. It's not given that it's so remote. So many people visited it. For example,
 the guy who discovered it was a Portuguese called Hwanda Nova, who's known for some reason in St.
 Helena's John Newcastle. He was on his way to India and one of the crewmen on his voyage
 was a Marie-Govar Sputchi after whom America is named. Really?
 And then there's Captain Joshua Slocum, the first man to sail single-handed round the world,
 who dropped in there on 1898. He sailed the whole way around the world. You may have done this
 before without being able to swim, which is an extraordinary fact, isn't it?
 Well, I think it helps. It gives you more of an incentive to sail the world, do you think?
 Yeah, you're like, we've got to get back there because if we don't get there,
 I think a lot of sailors, you know, way back, deliberately didn't learn to swim because they
 didn't want to prolong the drowning. Oh, really?
 You'd rather have a quick one, yeah. One of the great forges of all time,
 El Mier de Hori. He was an artist himself, but he wasn't a very good one. He's kind of okay.
 But when he showed one of his paintings to them and called Lady Malcolm Campbell, she saw it.
 She said, "Oh, is that a Picasso?" And he was like, "No, no, it's me, and I can't really sell it,
 but Picasso seems to be selling quite well. So from now on, I'm just going to paint my stuff and
 pretend it's from a Picasso. Nice." And he became really massive. Throughout the forties, he was
 making all sorts of these forgeries of Picasso and Matisse. He created so many Medigliani forgeries
 that it's still now as impossible to compile a catalogue of Medigliani's work.
 That's a good idea. Yeah, because we don't know which ones are his and which ones are de Hori's.
 And his collection is run now. He was such a big forger that people want to see his paintings.
 And it's run by a guy called Mark Forgy. Really? Wow. On the attribution of, you know, who
 did what? A Nazi officer saw Gernica when Picasso was there. And he said, "Did you do that?"
 And Picasso said, "No, you did it." Nice. His only political painting, really.
 Really went office paintings during this because he was obsessed with himself and drawing his
 women and how tortured they were and what horrible time they were having because he was having affairs.
 And basically, he went out with Doormar, who was very political. She politicized him. He did
 Gernica. It became a huge anti-war symbol, didn't it? It was a painting of, there was a huge sort of,
 like, a craft bombing of a village in Spain during the Spanish Civil War, right? By the, by their
 allies of fascists here. By the Nazis and the Italians. Which was, in fact, a birthday present
 sweetly from Gering to Hitler. Sweet. So sweet. I just, I wonder what were the circumstances and the
 situation in which Picasso replied that to a Nazi? Was, were we talking post-war here? Are we talking,
 like, he wasn't in Nazi Germany, right? That's a pretty bold thing to say to a Nazi is all I'm saying.
 Well, presumably during the war, wasn't it during the Nazi war? Yeah, that's wild. What was the next
 sentence on the Nazi side? Because I think he was in Paris when the Nazis came into Paris, wasn't he?
 I think. Yes, and it reminds me of the famous story about Sigmund Freud when he was asked to,
 in order to get out of Germany under the Nazis, he was asked to sign a disclaimer saying that he
 hadn't been badly treated. And he wrote, "I can hardly recommend the Gestapo to anyone. This
 slightly overdo it." Do you know which National Anthem contains the word "moss"? This is a question
 for Andy really. Boss. Boss. Which word? Is it a biggie? Japan. And it's got it. Wow.
 Japan. They bloody love monsters. May your world go on for thousands of years until Pebbles merge into
 one giant rock and covered with moss. That's the dream. That's lovely. That's very good.
 In a National Anthem survey, 79% of Americans know the first line of the star-spangled banner,
 but only 37% of Canadians know the first line to O Canada, which is really pathetic considering
 the first line of O Canada is O Canada. Can I just learn the fact? And, generally,
 terminates two, one best sound effects editing in 1992. And I think there was this famous moment where
 T-1000, who I believe is one of the characters, goes through some metal bars and the sound effect
 was achieved by pouring dog food out of a can. And it's quite cool to watch when you know that.
 But I didn't know the director of that had such a good money-saving cheat for two separate scenes
 where the terminator, or T-1000, I think can disguise himself as someone else. And so you see a
 character looking at their reflection and then that character turns around and the reflection
 still looking at them and you realise it's T-1000. Do you know how he achieves that effect
 with a window? I'll give you a clue if you've ever seen the film. Yes. It's the same concept as
 the big reveal in that. He used Arnold Schwarzenegger's twin. He used identical twins.
 He used identical twins twice in this film. There's identical twin,
 so those Don and Dan Stanton played a character called Lewis and then T-1000 returning to be him.
 And then Linda Hamilton, who I think was a famous part in that, had an identical twin called
 Leslie Hamilton. And whenever he needed one of them to do something body-double,
 isn't it? Was he hiring actors entirely based on- That's great, in that way.
 Yeah. So heads of Tate and cows,
 President Taft of America kept a cow called Pauline on the White House lawn. Do you remember that?
 I didn't remember it. No. So I was collecting names of, naming animals of odd names. So
 Byron had a pet wolf called Lion. Either reveal is bad, right? When you mean it. Yeah.
 Einstein had a cat called Tiger. Climps Gustav Clint had a cat called Catscaid, he said.
 And the Times journalist Andrew Billin, I read the other day, is called, he's got a cat called
 Vommy, which is Boad's ill, doesn't it? And I did that, I did really like this.
 Elgar, the composer, spent a lot of time with the heriford cathedral organist dog, who was called Dan.
 Anyway, when Dan fell into the river wine, swam upstream to find a landing place,
 somebody suggested that Elgar set the whole adventure to music. And he did, he said,
 have done it, it was called the Enigma Variation. No. Spired by Dan, the dog, and fell into the river.
 I think he's just replaced you as my favorite Dan. Oh, I thought that changed a long ago.
 Yeah. Nice. That's very cool. That's amazing. Whoever that journalist was, what a Billin,
 he got to share just then, out of nowhere. Taft. Andrew's a really good guy. Byron.
 What's Swindon Famous for? He's a very nice big ride for animals. Yeah, I could say about a football team.
 I thought they, what do they make him, Swindon? Diner doors is famous. He's a Swindon girl,
 and the mayor was introducing her once. He was terribly nervous because her maiden name was Diner
 Fluck, like Peter Fluck. And his head's a gentleman may introduce the lady used to be called
 Erlichlund. All right, there you go. That is all of our outtakes. If you want to write to any of us
 about the things that were said in this episode, podcast@ky.com, all those emails go to Andy,
 he goes through them, and some of them make their way to drop us a line of which there'll be another
 episode popping into your clubfish feed in the next couple of weeks. So do write in. If you want
 to have yours read out on the show, one correction from the outtakes, which we thought worth keeping in
 anyway, sometimes we just tell stories out loud because someone has said something while we're on
 a tangent. And I just wanted to add a few corrections that brilliantly funny Steve Martin's story
 that I told earlier. So just in case you think in, can't wait for this episode to end, I absolutely
 want to get out there and start spreading this story. There's a few corrections to add about it.
 One is that he was filming Roxanne and he did go into a bar. However, it wasn't because it was the
 end of the day and he was looking for a drink because they were halfway through the filming day.
 He had the prosthetics on. He really needed the bathroom. There wasn't one around. Someone pointed
 him to that place. He walked in and then the story's pretty much the same. He gets looks from all the
 locals. He's thinking, "Ooh, am I welcome here or not?" And a man walks up to him, looks him up and
 down and says, "Why the long face?" There you go. You can now go out into the wild and spread that hilarious
 story. Alright, that is it everyone. We are going to be back as I say with the droppers of line in
 a couple of weeks. We will see you all then and hopefully some of you in Sheffield. No such thing
 as a fish.com. Check that out and find yourself some tickets. Alright guys, take care. Hope you all
 doing well. We'll speak to you soon. Goodbye.
 you
