 Hey everyone, welcome to another episode of Little Fish.
 This is the episode where we put down our facts and we go through the podcast at qi.com
 inbox and we pick out the best facts that you have sent in for us to read out.
 So my name is Dan Schreiber, I'm sitting here with Andrew Hunter Murray and James
 Harkin.
 We have now got your best facts from the last seven days.
 Let's go.
 Andy do you want to start?
 Yes.
 This is a good one.
 It's from Kev Osman and it's that the Chancellor of the Exchequer between 1606 and 1614 was
 Julius Caesar.
 Um, okay.
 It's the guy named Julius Caesar.
 Oh, was it?
 I think Kev was going through a list of Chancellor's of the Exchequer from history.
 Wow.
 Thought this is a typo.
 Okay.
 Is it, um, is it his full name or was he called Julius Caesar Johnson or something?
 He had another name which he was, is sometimes referred to as in the records but it's not
 very clear.
 It was either Julius Caesar sometimes or something else Caesar on other occasions.
 But anyway, basically he was, he was a very interesting guy who was born in Tottenham and
 he became very kind of eminent. He had three wives, the first of whom was called Dorcas which
 is just a name I love.
 Wow.
 Such a good name Dorcas.
 Oh, I can't believe I'm not funding to have any more children.
 I know.
 It's, I think it's absolutely right for a comeback.
 Like all the easy old-fashioned names have been absolutely straight back, you know.
 They always do.
 But I honestly, oh, I might have to go back and speak to my wife today because I think
 this is almost a reason for having a second child.
 Oh, I thought you were going to say change your current child's name.
 She's still young, she already knows.
 She'll adjust.
 Yeah, she doesn't really know what her real name is because we all call it by a nickname.
 There you go.
 Just telling you remember Dorcas.
 Yeah.
 Um, but Francis Bacon was his third wife's uncle this guy, Julius Caesar.
 His third wife's uncle, okay?
 Yep.
 Okay.
 Probably they didn't see each other that much.
 Guys, I've done a lot of homework about Julius Caesar and you're going to have to hear
 it now.
 I'm sorry.
 No, no, please, yeah.
 And as the chancellor of the extractor is a big deal in British politics, yes, and Julius
 Caesar was a big deal in America would be like the equivalent of the Secretary of State
 for the Treasury or something.
 Yeah, yeah, exactly.
 And the one other fact I found out was that Julius Caesar's son was also called Julius Caesar
 and died by being stabbed to death.
 You're kidding?
 Nope.
 Wow.
 He's been fencing, and he's been slightly wounded during a fencing match.
 Yeah.
 He wanted revenge on his opponent, lay in wait with a pistol.
 When the opponent came into view, Julius Caesar, Julius fired, missed, and was then run
 through with a sword and killed, so I mean, he has to shoulder some of the blame there.
 Yeah.
 Absolutely.
 I think he's even more culpable for his Julius Caesaring than Julius Caesar was.
 Yeah.
 He died.
 I don't know if it was in March, mid March.
 I don't know.
 Amazing.
 Yeah.
 There you go.
 Great find.
 Yes.
 Thank you, Kev.
 Terrific fact.
 Yes.
 One of my favorite Julius Caesar facts is the actual real more famous Julius Caesar.
 He had like two or three sisters, and they were all called Julius Caesar.
 Julius Caesar.
 You're kidding.
 Yeah.
 And that's just the way it worked in those days.
 Like you would have like Julia Minor, Julia Major, Julia, something else.
 It was kind of the family name, wasn't it?
 Yeah.
 Right.
 Then you had, I don't like George Foreman calling all his kids.
 Well, kind of.
 But then if he, if his like sons were called big George, little George, cardboard box
 George, like, okay, this fact is from Michael Luna.
 And Michael says, I'm from Edinburgh, Texas.
 I assume it's not a typo, and there's a place called Edinburgh without the H.
 In Texas.
 Oh, Edinburgh.
 Edinburgh, yeah.
 That's great.
 It's in the Southern tip of Texas, just north of the border with Mexico.
 And Michael says that in our east of me is a town called Brownsville, Texas that has the
 very first 3D printed Starbucks.
 Okay.
 And the exciting thing is the Michael knows about it.
 It opened in April 2025 and Michael was hired to take photos of it because he is an aerial
 photographer.
 It's cool.
 I feel sad when someone tells me they're an aerial photographer because it feels like drones.
 They're just going to kick you right out of the market.
 Unless he means he photographs aerials in interesting ways.
 Interesting.
 Yeah.
 And this 3D printed Starbucks has a really interesting aerial.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Maybe you got confused because their logo is a mermaid.
 And the mermaid is called Ariel.
 Of course.
 He rocked up going.
 Where is it?
 There's another thing that's been recently 3D printed.
 Oh yeah.
 Robert Louis Stevenson.
 He's back.
 That's good.
 This was the University of Leeds.
 And they had a statue that had been decapitated at some stage.
 And they didn't know who it was off.
 And so a team sort of realised who it had been sculpted by because the signature was
 on there.
 And they looked at all the different things that had been sculpted by this person.
 And they found a similar bronze in the Kelvin Grove art gallery in Glasgow and realised
 that this statue must be the same as the bronze.
 And so then they scanned the bronze head and then 3D printed the top of the statue.
 And it was such cool detective work.
 RLS.
 That's amazing.
 Brilliant.
 I had been decapitated ages ago.
 It was a contest.
 Yeah.
 We didn't know who it was at that stage.
 That's amazing.
 That's really such cool use of technology.
 Yeah.
 Also he died at about 40.
 So he needs a comeback.
 Yeah.
 He took a lot of cocaine, didn't he?
 Did he?
 I think.
 Stevenson.
 I think he wrote, does Jacqueline Mr. Hyde?
 I think it was on like a 14 day cocaine binge that he wrote it.
 Oh.
 Yes, he famously wrote it in almost a time of talk.
 But I didn't know that missing piece of information that helped him put it together.
 That's amazing.
 It's amazing.
 It's going to be brilliant.
 It's going to be brilliant.
 Okay.
 I got a little quicky one here.
 This one is from Luke McLaughlin.
 And it is that I found out that the former CEO of Food for the Poor, which is a
 Relief Organization.
 The former CEO is called Robin Muffood.
 Oh, yeah.
 I definitely feel I've heard that in the past.
 Yes.
 I feel like I've seen interviews with him where his name comes up on screen.
 Yeah.
 So his surname is spelled M-A-H-F-W-D.
 We love a nominative determinism.
 We do.
 The moment on the show.
 We do.
 Yeah.
 I was looking into a few others.
 Someone that was in the news recently is the gynecologist, Dr. Vage, who is now
 an internet store.
 The end-vage, isn't it?
 Yes.
 That's right.
 Sorry.
 I'm sorry.
 I don't know how many Dr. Vage is a gynecologist yet.
 Because we've had that recently, the Vage has another meaning.
 It Australia, yes.
 Yeah.
 It means someone who has been detained under the vagrancy act.
 That's right.
 It is in a very specific place in time in Australia.
 Yeah.
 What else does it mean?
 I don't understand.
 No, that's why it's funny.
 Because it means that.
 Right.
 Is it my turn?
 Yeah.
 It is indeed.
 And Fiona Green, tell me about the wild fig ficus psychomoris, which has been recorded
 to have roots of up to 393 feet deep.
 Wow.
 So.
 And it's 66 feet above ground height.
 It's pretty tall anyway.
 So if you go from tip to top, it's a total of 459 feet, whereas the highest redwood hyperion,
 which is supposed to be the tallest tree, is only 379.7 feet.
 And it has quite shallow roots because they're quite wide and shallow.
 Right.
 So actually, if you measure the tallest tree from the bottom of the roots, which I think
 you should, yes.
 And the fig is the biggest.
 It's not as simple as measuring from the tip to where it means the name.
 Yeah.
 You've got to take the roots and trigger.
 The roots are stunning.
 Yeah.
 It's much bigger than anyone else's roots as long as your feet are six foot one.
 If you include all of it.
 So yeah.
 Great.
 Great fact.
 Hyperion could be a bit taller.
 I don't know if we've said this on this.
 Have we discussed this on the show?
 The tallest individual redwood tree.
 Yeah.
 There was a family of woodpeckers who lived at the top and they kept packing at the top of
 it so he couldn't get any taller.
 Right.
 I've been a few inches taller as well.
 That's very funny.
 What's the tallest tree you guys have been up?
 Been up.
 Yeah.
 Well, I've been to like some tree houses.
 Yeah.
 Was that the kind of...
 Because I remember you said that you went to a lookout tree once.
 In Australia, yeah.
 There's a whole bit of ours.
 And I can't remember what it's called now.
 I feel like it was called like Valley of the Kings or something like that.
 I thought that might have been Egypt.
 A lot of people remember.
 Yeah.
 Was it Valley of the Docks?
 I am Dorcas, queen of the Docks.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 It was a...
 We had to climb pegs around so it sort of went around like a spiral staircase.
 Wow.
 And you get to the tots.
 Yeah.
 I remember you told us because we did this when...
 Who is the guy?
 Oh my god.
 William Burrows was it?
 Who works as a lookout?
 Did he?
 Or one of those beat generation works.
 Like Jack Kerawak.
 It wasn't me.
 It was Kerawak, it was Kerawak.
 Right.
 But yeah, we discussed it.
 And you said that when you went up, someone was coming down or something?
 There was a little hug at the top and there was a woman sort of crouched and too afraid to move.
 And I get it.
 I think if I was an adult, as a kid you have less fear I feel with that kind of stuff.
 She could still be there.
 I have no idea because we just went back down.
 Because what am I going to do?
 Last time I properly did some tree climbing was Andy's wedding.
 Yeah.
 I was climbing up the trees.
 That's right.
 It was in a beautiful building with lots of rounds.
 It was a bit distracting as they were doing their vows in the distance.
 That was just man.
 That was okay.
 That was mine.
 Swinging through the tree.
 Someone had to look out for wildfires.
 I do wish you hadn't been shouting.
 Oh.
 Oh.
 Oh.
 Oh, dear.
 Have you seen the ropes on this one?
 You're absolutely right, James.
 It was Kerawak.
 I forgot.
 I'm infamous.
 It was Dan who said that.
 And I just agreed with him.
 I just headed in a beautiful assist.
 Well done, James.
 We're agreeing with Dan.
 Yeah.
 All right.
 Here's another one.
 Let's go.
 Another.
 This is from Dennis Walker, who says I was like facts about things being in unexpected time frames.
 So the classic thing of the Incas were around while Oxford University was around.
 The idea of the woolly mammoths would have been walking while the pharaohs were still the same
 the Australian pharaohs.
 The Australian pharaohs.
 What are they?
 You were in the Valley of the Kings in Australia.
 Doesn't matter.
 Those ones.
 Absolutely.
 It's so funny, listener.
 Like we literally just had a little break for like maybe like 20 seconds.
 Yeah.
 Where we just started something out.
 In that time, I'd completely forgotten about that conversation.
 Me too.
 I pressed the button on both of the backs of your necks for three seconds.
 And that just did a hard reset.
 Well, anyway, what Dennis Walker is trying to tell us is that he says my favorite one of these is that Jack the Ripper could have taken
 the London tube to Whitechapel because they cross over in time.
 So the London Underground Metropolitan Railway opened in 1863.
 Whitechapel became part of the East London Railway in 1876.
 This was then joined to the original Metropolitan Line in 1884.
 And the murder has happened in 1888.
 So.
 It's a lie, is it?
 That's possible.
 And it is the London Underground and the people who would have crossed over with it is pretty fascinating.
 And we know Mark Twain, enemy of the podcast, took the London Underground.
 In theory.
 That's so him.
 Oh, look at me.
 Maybe he was Jack the Ripper.
 Yeah, if he was a time traveler because he was here in 1900 and the murders happened 12 years before.
 But it's really interesting.
 If you look at who was alive, who could have potentially gone on the London Underground.
 Okay.
 Like this, hit us with some well, Charles Darwin.
 And Charles Darwin was coming in and out of London in the period where there was a line.
 I don't think it was as you know, tell you what survival of the fittest.
 I know that feeling, getting out the going on the escalators at Hoban.
 Carry on.
 Well, like climbing up the steps that covered Garda.
 That's good too.
 That's good too.
 We're all fed to guard the escalators.
 Do you know what the jokes evolved?
 It's time to go on a slow process of improvement.
 You set about down.
 We'll look up down between us.
 Well, if Bram Stoker would have been alive, Oscar Wilde would have been alive.
 Brilliant.
 Arthur Conan Doyle was alive.
 And Arthur Conan Doyle was one of the people who actively had a theory of who Jack the Ripper
 was.
 And actually Baker Street was one of the first to be open, wasn't it?
 That's brilliant.
 So that is that is handy if you were going to be doing that.
 He had a theory that it was a woman and it led to the Jill the Ripper theory.
 Oh yeah.
 And quite a few famous names of the day who are not so famous now, like Madame Blavatsky,
 who was an occultist, who was suggested as a possibility.
 Tell you what, you need to be as clever as Sherlock Holmes understanding some of that crazy tube map.
 Don't you?
 Oh, it's complicated.
 Back then it would have been really simple because it was basically one line.
 Yep.
 James.
 James pulled my nuts out of the fire.
 No, no, no.
 I want to hear more.
 I think that's quite a good idea for some kind of show or something.
 It's an underground carriage in 1890 and it's Bram Stoke Charles Darwin.
 Who else do you say Conan Doyle?
 Conan Doyle.
 Oscar Wilde, I guess.
 Queen Victoria.
 Yeah.
 She's on there.
 Yeah.
 She wouldn't have been on there.
 I guess not.
 But how many of these tufts would have actually used it?
 I don't know, like the first few times they brought like really important people to go on the underground.
 And I remember there was one MP who refused because he said he was like in his 70s and at that age he wanted to spend as much time over ground as possible.
 Very nice.
 That's nice.
 I tried to see whether Darwin had actually gone on it and no one knows.
 But the suggestion as you can't say he definitely didn't because it was such a novelty and such a new thing that curiosity might have got the better of anyone to just at least experience it once.
 Did they have first class in those days?
 They did.
 Yeah, first and they had third as well actually.
 Yeah.
 So that's a good pitch for if anyone wants to write that sitcom with me.
 Has anyone ever gotten back in touch with you for any of your other 200,000 sitcoms that you've mentioned on this show?
 I think the important thing is to look forward.
 Like what matters is getting one commission not having 200,000 failed ideas.
 The other thing is like when you get this one commission eventually you have a lot of ideas for your second series.
 Oh yeah.
 I'm going to have to move a few things around like, okay, it's not a lot of a good carriage word space, but it's probably fine.
 And everyone's got to get this world record.
 All right, well listen, why don't I move us on to the final section of our little fish show, which is every week we like to award custodianship to one of the facts from our long 12-year history of fish to someone who is part of the highest tier friend of the podcast as part of club fish.
 On Patreon.
 If you want to join that by the way, patreon.com/clubfish, you get a bunch of fun things and one of those things is one of our facts.
 And we'll send you a digital certificate to commemorate it as well as a shout out here.
 And we're going to do some now.
 So why don't we start with you James?
 Okay, this fact is now under the custodianship of Chiara. Chiara, your fact is that William Martin, the father of anesthesia, first experimented on himself, but kept falling asleep before he could describe the results.
 I wonder what like tiny little alterations he made going this time I won't fall asleep.
 Like because it sounds like you just time I'll make it not work.
 What would you do? How could you? Yeah. Yeah, the success is a failure.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah. So it's almost the opposite of your sitcom situation.
 Okay, okay.
 Well, that's very cool. William Martin.
 Yeah, let's do another one, Andy.
 Yes, this one goes out to Githwing. It's the fact that I love this one.
 I love this one. It's the Chessington World of Adventures, which is one of Britain's great, great entertainment sites, banned animal onesies to stop the animals there from getting confused.
 Interesting. Wow.
 Because it's a huge theme park. They've got a zoo as well attached and lots of animals there.
 Yeah.
 And this was at time when we did this fact it was 2014.
 And these were very big deal onesies were the raid. The Chessington World of Adventures is so old that Mary Somerville could have lived there.
 Beautiful.
 I've never been to it.
 Me neither.
 We have to do a group trip. Where is it?
 It's in South. Is it in the south of London though?
 Yeah, like Southwest.
 Yeah, so it's a few stops further out from like Kingston.
 Yeah, like I would never really go in that direction. Oh, I couldn't have started.
 A zoo and other stuff.
 Yeah, the zoo is a relatively minor bit of it. I mean, the most important thing is the amazing rides and the entertainment and just the all around good family day out.
 It's just a great place. I went there a lot. I went there a lot of the child.
 Have you ever been to Alton Towers?
 I've been once.
 I loved it.
 It's built on an old ground where there was a massive bloodbath of a battle in like the 8th century or something.
 Really? Wow.
 Well, you can hear the screams to this day, if you go there.
 Yeah.
 I went to Alton Towers and I went to the restaurant where your food gets a roller coaster to you.
 Have you done that?
 No, I was sushi.
 It's more of a lazy river.
 No, there's an amazing restaurant there. Have you been done?
 Oh, my God. It's right, you go there and you order it's a poker and a cheaps normally.
 And you look up and there's this.
 The kitchens are up there right up in the ceiling and it comes out.
 The food comes out and it then there's this crazy array of rails.
 Wow.
 And your food tray goes on a roller coaster and it loops the loop and it swells around the room
 and it eventually lands down at the thing and then you go and pick it up.
 Do you get to buy a picture of your food at the end when you walk out?
 And it says, don't get that one. I don't look good. I don't look nice.
 It's amazing.
 It's genuinely so exciting.
 Okay.
 Wow. Cool.
 It's like a transport infrastructure of lunch. It's the perfect place to go.
 You take all your business lunches there.
 Right, so this sitcom, okay.
 All right, let's move on to another one. This is now a fact for Jared Rate.
 And that is if you got into an argument in 18th century Abyssinia,
 you could resolve it by blaming everything on the camel.
 The skateboarding.
 Yeah, exactly.
 And it was a way that everyone could get out with integrity intact,
 because like both sides, no one wants to back down, but you blame the camel.
 Right.
 Unfortunately, I don't think it ever ended well for the camel.
 Oh.
 I feel like it might have been after.
 Oh, no.
 But it was just a way that make you sure that no one had the hump with you.
 Very nice.
 Lovely.
 Lovely.
 I assume we made that joke at the time.
 It'd be quite fun to go back and see if we did.
 Well, episode was it.
 That is episode 36.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 I think we'd already evolved past those kind of jokes by that side.
 What?
 It's a sort of modern day, the dog farted, right?
 Only if you and Andy go into a huge argument where there might be death,
 because you're arguing over who farted.
 Yeah.
 And you're like, no, no, it was the dog.
 And Andy goes, okay, yeah, fine, it was the dog then.
 Yes.
 And then you kind of go your separate ways and no one gets injured.
 But we have to kill the dog.
 Yeah.
 Oh, boy.
 Okay.
 Here is another one.
 This is now under the custodian ship of Laura Luthoo.
 And Laura, your fact is very simple.
 The ancient Greeks played with yo-yos.
 Beautiful facts.
 This was one of those facts where I saw it in the picture.
 So it was on pottery.
 This is old ancient Greek pottery.
 Crazy.
 The kids laying out a yo-yo.
 And I remember going, that can't be a yo-yo surely.
 And then it is.
 And they had yo-yos.
 As we're talking about with facts, sort of Jack the Ripper in the London Underground.
 The ancient Greeks played with yo-yos.
 Come on.
 We're geeks, did you say?
 I did accidentally say that.
 And the Valley of the Dogs.
 That's good.
 I think we don't know for sure that they were yo-yos in the modern sense
 that you could walk them up and down and walk the dog into the tricks.
 Like, could have been just a stone on the end of a piece of string.
 Right.
 Oh, I see.
 To be able to have that around.
 Because the technology to spit it down and make it stay down there for a bit.
 That feels like advanced tech.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 To me.
 No, it is.
 I agree.
 I think you need to know how to make a little loop on the end of your string,
 which feels tough.
 As I say, advanced tech.
 Yep.
 No, that's a beautiful fact.
 I really like that one.
 Here's another one.
 This goes out to Louisa Primo.
 It's that most honeybee hives in the USA live on flatbed trucks.
 Oh, yeah.
 Great fact.
 Transport and infrastructure.
 And food.
 Food and food.
 Sorry.
 No wonder this is an Andy Murray fact.
 And also, do you know why they do it?
 It's so that they can pollinate almonds.
 Yes.
 Which I believe in the last episode of Little Fish had quite a prominent position.
 We busted a myth about almond extract being made of almonds.
 Yeah.
 That's mostly made of peaches.
 Yes.
 And this is about all the bees that are driven around.
 And I think do we work out the cost?
 It costs one cent to hire one bee for one day.
 Or something.
 I think we did a bit of bass about it at the time.
 Right.
 Yeah.
 No, it's a crazy fact.
 Okay.
 Here's another one.
 This one is now under the custodian ship of Monti.
 Love your work in North Africa, Monti.
 And your pack this week is that the Sacramento Police Department's got at least one call
 a week from people stuck in the world's largest corn maze.
 Amazing.
 That's so funny.
 I wonder if they eventually installed phones in their emergency phones
 because it was happening.
 It's such a rate.
 I feel lost in the corn maze.
 You might not.
 Yeah.
 What are you going to say?
 What can you see?
 Well, I can see corn on my left.
 Corn on my right.
 Corn in front of me.
 That's backwards then.
 Yeah.
 This also assumes you can find your way to the phone.
 I mean, the problem is that you're lost in the middle of the maze.
 Yeah, yeah.
 But that's, unless you've got a phone every 10 meters in this maze.
 There is a great thing, though.
 Of course, now we all have phones all the time.
 I prefer Dan's method of installing static infrastructure throughout the corn maze.
 You guys don't leave your phones at the entrance of a corn maze before going in.
 For the real experience.
 For the real experience.
 Yeah, yeah.
 You're doing it properly.
 I didn't know you were doing it.
 I'm heart mowed.
 Real dog in it.
 Here is another one, and this one is going out to Natalia O'Keefe.
 That is, in 1874, there was a plan to transport dead bodies from all over Europe to Mount Vizuvius and dump them in.
 So the nature's crematorium, right?
 It's a...
 Was that it?
 It must be.
 I think that was it.
 I think they were going to make a rail track that went all the way to the top or something.
 Wow.
 I think it never happened.
 No.
 No.
 They're with Twetner, didn't they?
 That's right.
 Yeah.
 1874.
 It was a company bought to those service.
 It was a diversion.
 Yeah.
 In theory, Jack the Ripper could have gone on that train as well.
 If he needed.
 All right.
 All right.
 Let's get one more.
 Andy.
 The last one of today goes out to Charlie.
 And it's the fact that in 2010, an abandoned water treatment plant in Baltimore was found to be home to 107 million spiders.
 Oh my god.
 I know.
 Because the water treatment plant sounds quite big, doesn't it?
 You can probably fit a lot of spiders in there.
 It was 35,176 per cubic meter.
 And that really is a lot of spiders.
 I feel like they've recently found the most spiders in one place.
 I might have even mentioned that on here.
 Really?
 It's on a cave between maybe Greece and Macedonia or somewhere, but it's somewhere in Europe.
 Wow.
 And in order to go through the whole cave, you go through this area of spiders that is just.
 Oh.
 It's just webs and they're everywhere.
 You would think if you got that many spiders, they must be eaten something.
 Yes.
 So there must be even more flies.
 Yes.
 What a good point.
 Yes, food source must.
 Unless they cannibalist it.
 Why does he show it, are they?
 They can do.
 Yeah.
 Have you guys heard of the book web?
 Charlotte.
 No.
 It's by John Wyndham.
 This is one of his last books.
 They have Cypherifers.
 They have Cypherifers.
 Yeah, the Triffids author.
 And basically they go, they're trying to set up this new civilization on a very, very remote island in the Pacific.
 And they get there and it's really weird.
 There's nothing living there.
 And it turns out that basically due to something, spiders have learned how to communicate with each other
 and they've teamed up together.
 Rather than just being selfish and eating each other.
 Yeah.
 And basically it turns out that when spiders work together, they can defeat humans.
 And it's such a great book.
 And it's like, due to something, all of the plants can kill you.
 Or due to something, now people in the future can see what's happening here.
 And he doesn't explain it, but the explanation is never that important.
 No, absolutely.
 It's much more, let's see how this plays out.
 Yeah, yeah.
 He sounds great.
 I need to read him.
 Oh, man.
 Day of the Triffids.
 Everyone goes blind and plants can suddenly kill you.
 Yeah.
 Walk.
 Oh.
 And except one guy who had bandages over his eyes.
 Well, everyone else went blind.
 Yeah.
 So he wakes up and then.
 It's very much like 28 days later where he wakes up in hospital.
 Yeah.
 Sounds great.
 Do you want to hear a 28 days later, if I start off today?
 Yes.
 So if you have a zombie.
 And every day that zombie can bite one of the person and they become a zombie.
 And then that zombie every day can bite another one.
 28 days later, you wouldn't even notice.
 It'd be like less than 3% of people would be zombies.
 Five days after that, everyone in the world would be zombies.
 Wow.
 Because it just ramps right up.
 Yeah.
 Like the final five days goes from 3% to 100%.
 Yeah.
 Right.
 I, um, I once interviewed Erica McAllister, who's been a guest multiple times on our show, works at the NHM and flies.
 And I interviewed her for my book about zombies.
 Because she has a theory that zombies couldn't exist because of flies.
 So let's say they do exist.
 We would not have noticed because the rate that they would have been eaten, they're rotten flesh.
 And make them collapse because there's nothing to hold them together.
 Would be so quick and flies would meet the demand of all the rotten flesh that we just wouldn't know if zombies were around.
 So flies are saving us from zombies.
 Do you recommend John Wyndham Easter right?
 His novels and he would be like, and then the plants take over and then he suddenly thinks, wait a minute.
 There's no one to water them.
 No, probably not.
 And then he just goes, oh, don't forget about it.
 No book readings at the Royal Botanical Society.
 But I reckon like when you do those, you must constantly come up with like, what about this?
 You got to push past it.
 I think a lot of sci-fi, the Martian relied on there being a storm on Mars that would take out.
 That's the only thing that's not factually accurate.
 But sometimes you just got to let it go.
 Like what do you plant, cows?
 You'll end up with just below the world with a lot of cows.
 But that's a different kind of horrifying sci-fi.
 Because they are scary cows.
 You bet.
 Can you imagine that?
 Oh my god, monster cows.
 Millions of cows everywhere.
 Sorry, I've just got to go.
 I've got an idea for a second.
 I'm off to Elton Towers later, James, if you're the camera.
 All right, listen, we need to wrap up.
 Congratulations to the latest custodians of our fish facts.
 That is Charlie, Natalia, Monty, Louisa, Laura Lufoo, Jared, Gettwang, Chiara.
 You are all now custodians of these facts.
 And if you're listening and you want one yourself, all you need to do is go to patreon.com/clubfish.
 Join the highest tier of clubfish, which is friend of the podcast.
 And that's what you'll be getting.
 One day, a shout out on the show.
 But before that, a digital certificate acknowledging your fact.
 All right, we are going to be back again later this week with a proper episode
 to know such thing as a fish.
 And then back again next week with more little fish on another Monday.
 We'll see you then.
 That's all from us for now.
 Goodbye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
