 Hi everyone, welcome to this week's episode of No Such Thing. As a fish we have a very exciting announcement for you if you live in London or
 If you live anywhere else in the world that should cover most of you, I think. Yeah, that's it. If you're on the ISS
 I'm sorry. This is not for you
 Click forward
 We are doing a couple of live shows at the fantastic London podcast festival
 We're doing them next week if you're listening to this as it goes out. It's the 5th and 6th of September
 It's going to be so much fun. We have two unbelievably special guests. Do you want to say who they are James?
 Yeah, they are Titans of podcasting. I would say yeah, Diane's of podcasting
 Grand-dam the podcasting absolutely. They are Richard Osman of the rest is entertainment podcast and
 It's only blimming Jamie Martin from my dad wrote a porno the greatest of all the podcasts
 That's right. Richard and Jamie are going to be joining us live on stage
 and it's going to be so much fun and it's going to be especially fun if you're either in the room or
 Watching the live stream of it because and this is one for everyone around the world
 We're doing a live stream and you get to see all the bits that we edit out of the final show because they're just too
 Darn funny or too rude or too exciting
 Absolutely, and if you are on the ISS, but you're coming down the seven days
 Subsequent to the shows that we're doing then don't worry because the streams will be available to watch for seven days after the live event
 Absolutely, absolutely. So really this is an entire human species experience
 And if you're an animal listening to this if you're a chicken or a monkey or an alligator
 Just ask the nearest human to set you up with a live streaming ticket and they will be able to do that
 Absolutely, so for details about those shows which are on Friday the fifth of September and Saturday the 6th of September
 With Richard and Jamie go to know six things of fish comm slash live and right there
 You can get tickets to the festival if there's any left and all those lovely lovely live stream tickets brilliant
 I think I think I think that's it. Isn't it? That's all I have on my list. It's me too. Let's do the show up with the podcast
 Hi everybody, welcome to another episode of no such thing as a fish
 This is one of our audience facts specials when we're going to talk about your facts
 My name is Andrew Hunter Murray
 I'm here in the qi offices in Hoban with Dan tribe at Anna Tashinsky and James Harkin
 We have gathered around the table with
 three months worth of
 crisp fresh hot
 good audience facts and we're going to be sharing them with you and
 We've had some cracking stuff in the inbox as we always do we have a new circulated round to the three of us the choicest cuts
 Absolutely, but I haven't verified the stuff. I've sent you or done any extra research
 This is mostly audience emails without that filtration system
 Well, you never know we might have verified or done extra research depends how diligent we are
 Also listener listen out to what we're all saying and work out for yourselves if Andy has kept the choicest cuts to himself
 Yeah, why don't you give us a fact to start off with Andy? Okay. Here's here's a fun one
 This is from Pete Nissen who says a computer engineer for the astronomy department at a prestigious US university
 Sorry, that's who he is
 Works we've got the answer if he's kept the choices cuts
 Pete Pete works at a prestigious US University and as a computer engineer for the astronomy department
 He says every single faculty member firmly believes that alien life probably exists
 But the distances are too big and the laws of physics too rated for aliens to ever visit earth
 Yeah, that's what I think as well. Okay, however, I've recently come into possession of hard evidence that contradicts this
 I'm so annoyed that I put my cards on the tables anyway, so here's Pete's evidence the first
 Human in quotes to walk on the moon was Neil Armstrong. I agree with that. Okay
 James. Oh, you've done it again
 Neil Armstrong spelled backwards is
 Oh, yeah, it's mr. Alien
 That's right apart from that word gnawts, which doesn't mean anything in our languages
 Mr. Alien is is irrefutable proof as Pete calls it and he's going to be presenting that at the next faculty meeting
 I've got to say I'm quite glad that I put my cards on the table nice and early now
 Sounds like damn was well-versed in this age old alien backwards. We heard that one. I knew Neil a is alien backwards
 Yeah, I didn't have people talked about that before is this all over there. Yeah. Yeah, that's a big thing
 I but it's not used in terms of a conspiracy theory. It's just used as like oh, what a nice coincidence like
 Buzz Aldrin's mother's maiden name was moon. Yeah
 One Michael Collins, yes, probably can do something with that dude at home
 snilock I read a while ago that the reason we haven't had aliens here yet is because any
 Civilization that can travel throughout a space will necessarily have also created technology that can wipe itself out
 Yeah, interesting and then there's another theory which is that we always talk about the distance of space
 But we sometimes forget how much time there has been since the beginning of the universe
 So you might have had a civilization
 They got to where we've got to ready to go out space-faring and then as James says they wipe themselves out
 We've just lived two billion years distant from them when they were active and they were ready and they were sending
 So it's like a rom-com sort of meet cute missing out on each other
 Yeah, exactly Michael Collins does contain all the letters of the word alien just so you know
 I wondered why you weren't paying attention when I said all that stuff
 Also cock mills alien cock mills. So okay, that's interesting. Are they making bread out of them?
 My research hasn't revealed that yet. Wow. I'll do some more anagrams and work it out. Let's have another fact
 Okay, this one is from Jorge Murillo or George Murillo and they say that 10 million people in South America can understand Jabba the Hutt
 That's so interesting. I assume that was a made-up language. So has it been a language that's been adopted
 It's a made-up language called hutties and it's in Star Wars of course for anyone doesn't know Star Wars
 But it was invented by it was based on a language called quetua
 Which is spoken in South America and there is enough words in quetua that if you're
 Well-versed in that language you can listen to Star Wars and you pick little bits up. That's so good
 So it's like a dialect. I guess so or it's a bit like a Portuguese person in Spain
 Can sort of piece a lot of it together maybe yes a bit like that a bit like how if we hear sort of a Dutch person talking
 We can kind of pick up bits of it, but it's a different language. I have no idea
 Some of the words from quetua in English alpaca condor guano Lima has in the beans
 It's all quite that part of the world related stuff, isn't it? They haven't given us the word for chow main
 There's quite a few quetua languages as in there it's like a language group and one of them is called the wanker language
 Feels like your bonus research it does yeah, that's from my own files because I actually I was there in South America a while ago
 And I bought a football jersey from the team the party for wanker
 These people I thought you're gonna say and I kept hearing people call
 Your guy told you nurse so local language
 Did always say something about his grandparents?
 He said that they were having lunch one day
 He and his sister and his family and they got to a bit where and the reason I didn't read this out is because these are people
 I'd never heard of grido holds hands solo at gunpoint and
 Almost immediately they kind of looked at each other because they recognized what they were saying as crazy. Isn't that crazy?
 That's amazing, you know I'm Star Wars. I read about the other day
 So the planet where Obi-Wan Kenobi comes from do you know what it's called? I thought it was called Tatooine
 No, so that's where he was based. That's where he lived
 It's a crossover we didn't know existed. It's called Stu John
 It's called Stu John because George Lucas was being interviewed by John Stewart who asked the question
 Where is Obi-Wan Kenobi from and he said no no Stu John and so it's officially canon and I don't like that
 Because George Lucas can just say anything in an interview. So it's not in the movies. Exactly. Yeah
 Exactly the hence the question. That's a bit like papal infallibility
 But it's a bit of a curse as in if anything you say becomes canon. Yeah, you know, he's gonna be watch his mouth
 It's like Nixon's argument, you know, if the president does it it isn't illegal if I say it, it's true
 Well, be careful what you say. Oh God, Nixon was the last person to think that
 Do you remember I don't know if we did it but there was a Jedi because there's a big encyclopedia of
 Peripheral characters and they put them all together and someone came up with a new character and called him Bates
 And so it got officially put in as master Bates and they missed it the person missed the joke
 And so that's an official Jedi according to the other type of music called jizz. Oh, yeah, that's that space. Yes, space jazz
 Master Bates doing space jazz the Pugwash crossover sounds like it's imminent
 Klingon is a language from not Star Wars Star Trek. Yeah, the other one indeed
 And I found out the other day that they filmed the first Klingon scenes before they'd written the language
 So, you know, it's quite a complex one of those
 Developed languages. Yeah, so they film the scenes and they just mouth random stuff for the scenes
 And then the guy who was one of these special linguists who they bring on to actually write the language afterwards
 I had to make the language match the mouth movements of the initial
 Really? Wow first language ever based on
 Mouthing nonsense. That's really clever. That's really good. Anna, you got a fact. Yep
 This is from Hannah Biddle who says that she's sending in a particularly Harkinian fact and I strongly agree and I don't know if I approve of it
 But here it is during his career
 Raphael Nadal used 300 kilometers of string in
 1250 babelette rackets
 Now she's added those two together for no reason. That's really explained. So she's got
 1550 and then she says as we know Raphael's from Mallorca
 Mallorca to the French open in Paris is
 1208 kilometers and then Paris to Wimbledon is
 1440 making the total trip length basically
 1550 kilometers
 So that if you add up the she'd be multiplying them together. She shouldn't be doing any of this
 And that's what we say to you James after your fence
 There's no logic to why she's added the number of babelette rackets to the kilometers of string
 She's used and then just use a distance from Mallorca to the French open to Wimbledon
 So the amount of string is the total amount of string as well. Yes the full length of string
 So that makes a perfect sense Hannah because once you've taken out all the string to measure
 Then what are you left with the racket so you just have to count the rackets and then you measure out the string end to end
 And then why is Raphael just going from Mallorca to the French open to Wimbledon?
 What happens to the Australian open? You need to give her a whole lot more rackets to get to the Australian open
 Yeah, Hannah, I appreciate it. It's very sweet. It's very good. I go on here from Becken Nelson
 Says hope you haven't come across this before the first female dentist in England was called Dr. Payne
 Uh middle name Fanny
 Nice. So Dr. Lily Fanny Payne does sound like gynecology was the area that she should have gone into but yeah
 Well, I did I did uh google to find out more about her a little heads up for anyone wanting to do the same
 Put quote marks around the name
 Because you do come up with some interesting stuff. She's uh 1895
 She was studying to become a dentist and it wasn't allowed in England
 So she went to Scotland and everyone was saying you can't become a dentist
 You're taking the bread out of some good man's mouth. You can't do this
 That's where she was looking for the bread in the first place. So like
 So yeah, so she she studied there. She built up a huge debt came back to England was allowed to become uh doctor
 So Dr. Lily Fanny Payne and she spent the first number of years of her
 Job paying off the debt that she accrued from going to Scotland. Welcome to being a student and then getting a job Fanny
 That's what happens
 If you didn't want the debt don't take the course you just reminded me dad
 There was a famous British educationalist and feminist and what year was fanny payne 1895 is when I think she
 Became this woman was alive too. She was called fanny hurts
 Oh fanny pain and fanny hurts is a good Edinburgh friend show. Yes waiting. Oh buddy cops. Oh, they're cops
 Oh, they're cops
 What are they?
 They always go for the crotch
 Fly kick you
 Can I give you guys another? Yeah, this is from Jacob wool who starts off possibly too sad, but it is funny
 Okay, so a mixed message coming in at the top. I assumed that if you're killing a highly endangered pangolin
 You know those things they're kind of they're covered in amazing scales. They're yeah, yeah, they're almost like armadillos
 Yeah, an armadillo anteater cross. Yeah. They're amazing. They're the most trafficked animal in the world. Yes
 And they're very they're
 For that reason increasingly rare. So I assume that if you're killing a pangolin
 You're doing it because the scales are used in traditional Chinese medicine, which they are
 But a survey of more than 800 hunters and meat traders in Nigeria
 Found that the pangolin is considered to be the most delicious of all the animals
 Is it now in addition to being extremely tasty 89 of them were captured by simply picking them up off the ground
 Yeah, that's the problem. They're naive aren't they that's what you call them an animal who'll just let you pick them up naive animal
 That was too sad. That was actually too sad to cover. Sorry. Where's the funny bit?
 I'm still waiting for that punch line. Is that they're so tasty. I think that's the funny bit
 Do you remember turtles really tasty as well the giant giant tortoises of the Galapagos?
 That's the problem with these animals. They need to evolve some bitterness
 Do you think what's made us so successful as the human race is just we'd actually taste gross?
 Well, there's a lewis leaky theory isn't there that that's why we have bo
 So that other animals won't eat us
 Yeah, he thinks that we became the dominant species because lions basically came up to us smelt us went no way
 And and he said that you would often find that if there was a dead human
 The animal wouldn't start eating it until it had rotted and it had maggots and so on. That's when we were
 Nicest. Yeah, exactly. So we could be ruining our chances of survival by inventing perfume at this point
 Lions are coming up and going young. Yeah, links Africa. Yeah, don't wear that in the jungle
 Do you remember a few weeks ago? We were talking about why people have beards
 Yeah, and we're like, well, it could only be either to attract women or to sort of get other men
 Or what if it is to make you unpalatable to animals like they get a little hair stuck in their teeth
 Yeah, really annoying to eat and it's right at the top. It's probably your head is the first bit. They're going to eat
 Especially lion tamers
 Interesting good theory. That's a good theory
 Um, when the quakers founded the new city in pennsylvania, they decided to call it philadelphia
 Yeah, uh, after the egyptian city because they thought it meant brotherly love
 Uh, unfortunately their translation was a bit off and it meant sibling love
 To honor the practice of brother sister marriage in the Ptolemaic thinnesty. I did not know that
 I thought it was just brotherly love. That's what I thought as well
 So it turns out that the quakers inadvertently named their city incest bill
 According to joe brooksmith
 That is a good fact
 Um, we now to mention facts that actually aren't correct
 But I think it's a useful thing to know if you sent one in right what you got
 So, um, steven corcoran, I'm afraid you've sent in the fact saying carl marx's great great grandson does parkour
 And has a youtube video called exclamation marks terrific fact
 I thought we might have even said that on this podcast. Wait, no, do you remember what happened with this fact?
 What happened with it? Okay, so I submitted this as a fact and we were going for it as a headline fact
 And I found the parkour guy and I got in contact with him and we had a chat and he's not
 Either he said it jokingly in an interview once or it was just put in an interview and it spreads
 Yeah, so it's not so that's not true. But I just happened upon car marx's daughter's names. He had three daughters
 Do you know what they were called? uh quotation
 um, um, very good stretch
 and
 skid
 No, they were all called jenny
 Oh, okay
 That's why yeah, I thought they were going to be called like capital and labor and
 Combine harvester. Yeah, he didn't we wouldn't wish that upon them
 Speaking of marx and names just reminds me of a fact that I submitted to you guys for a headline and we
 Turned down which is that there is a brazilian footballer called marx lenin and he's a left winger
 Oh
 That's great. There's another car marx fact, which is not true, but it gets peddled around as a truth
 Which is you know, how he's buried in high gate cemetery. So he has a giant huge
 Gravestone with his head on top and apparently some statue a statue of his head
 There's not a big gravestone and then car marx's decomposing head sitting there. Oh, I see. Yes. Yeah
 it's a huge statue of his head and um supposedly some anarchists wanted to get rid of it and they put a bomb underneath it and
 It blew up but it it malfunctioned so only blew up a tiny bit
 And if anything the only damage to it is that the graves has slightly shifted to the left
 And that's that's been peddled around everywhere and there's no evidence for it
 There's some not true car marx facts actually though speaking of car marx. They did find out something quite funny last week
 listening to the diana abbot interview so for international listeners diana abbot one of rmp's got herself in trouble
 Um in the last couple of weeks
 But she got herself in trouble on a podcast where she was being interviewed about her life
 And she went out with jeremy corbin and she was talking about the early days of their relationship
 And she said that um, she used to whine and whine and whine saying you never you never take me out
 We never go anywhere. We never do anything and so he said, okay, I'll treat you fine. Finally
 And she really she probably got all dressed up doled up
 I got really excited, you know cancel the plans for that evening and he took her to high gate cemetery to look at car marx's grave
 Wow
 That was when she thought how you would have liked that, wouldn't you? You would have missed nothing
 I've had grave dates. Yeah, I've done those. I went to see uh, william mcgonagles grave on a date once
 Did you where is he buried edinburgh?
 See yeah, long way to go for a date. Oh, yeah, it was a cost of time
 Did the other person appreciate it? She actually got off the train at about
 I'm the tape rich
 Please fall again
 Quite an esoteric joke that
 Perfect
 Internationalists have all turned off at this point
 Interesting. Is it true about car marx's grave that um, is it herbert spencer who he really hated is buried right next to him?
 Yeah, it's on the opposite side. So they're basically looking at each other. I'm smelling sitcom. Yeah, marx and spencer
 Uh, I've got another fact here. This is sent in by daniel atkinson who's recently got into watching sumo
 And so has consumed a ton of sumo information. Uh, so he says sumo wrestlers have to take taxis and ride bikes everywhere
 This is because there are so many sumo related car accidents that the sumo federation has banned them
 So they're banned because they're terrible at driving
 Well, what the problem is is that when one sumo wrestler in a car hits another one
 They then just will keep driving until they've driven the other one off the road. Like that's the really sad bit
 Those sorry they get bikes
 That's gotta look silly those tires have got to withstand quite the pressure
 That's a good point. I've never seen a sumo on a bike. Have you? No
 But we don't live in japan. Maybe in japan they're telling plenty. Yeah, um, it's possible
 I um, I've been to the yearly final of sumo in tokyo
 Uh, and I reckon that they all turn because they're all I think they're all quite rich aren't they sumo wrestlers these days
 They all had cars that were taken them in because we saw some of them arrive
 Oh, okay. If you didn't see anyone wobbling along, I'm like stabilizers
 We've done so many good facts about sumo over the years
 Do you remember the one about the guy who had the top of his head altered because he needed to get the height requirement
 In order to become a sumo. Do you have stuff put in? Yeah, it's like it was like basically like a lump of fat
 It was like a yeah, like a breast implant basically just put in the top of his skull and then
 Sexy. Yeah
 And then there was the um the fact that the
 The judges all carry a knife on them in case they make a wrong call out of honor
 They have to kill themselves on the spot. Yeah, I just wasn't having that often anymore
 And what how wrong does the call have to be is it like I give him a four for that? No a three
 Here's a good fact from matt fischer
 After serving a four-year prison term for forging the hitler diaries
 Conrad kujou began selling authentic forgeries under his own name
 He often had to authenticate his forgeries because other fordgers were selling forged authentic comrad kujou forgeries
 Wow
 And I did a bit more digging on this and basically
 He came out of prison. He did a little bit of time and then he set up a shop selling forged
 Is it uh horn mirror paintings and maybe some fake darlings as well, but he was acknowledging they were fake
 Um, it's pretty easy to fake a mirror. Is it?
 It's just circles and triangles aren't they? Miro Miro on the wall
 Not relevant
 But basically I found out how he got into forging the hitler diaries. Okay, that's quite a thing to do, isn't it? He
 Collected a lot of Nazi memorabilia. Okay. He was an avid collector of Nazi memorabilia. Hmm. Always a good sign
 He bought and the prices in the west were way higher than they were in east germany or west germany because obviously there's
 You know demand overseas and it wasn't legal. So he often got his stuff confiscated
 And I guess there was more available in on the german market, you know, than there wasn't in the west
 So he then started forging authentication details for his stuff to make it more valuable
 So like he got a first world war helmet which was a real first world war helmet
 And he said oh, this was hitler's helmet and here's a certificate saying it interesting
 And then he started doing stationary and letters and they were really primitive. They were aged with tea
 And you know, they were like children's school projects, but he was getting better and better
 And then he started doing um, I don't really remember much about that story, but like people fell for it
 Did they yeah, they were published for it. Somebody times bought them
 Really the hitler diary was embarrassing. It was one of the most embarrassing things
 To ever happen to a newspaper
 But they were partly full because there were 61 volumes available. Whoa. I know he did a lot of writing
 Why did that make it the more easily fooled? I would have thought it was sunny times, but hitler was a busy man
 How did he have time to write all this? I think if you just give them one page that goes
 Oh, can we invade Poland tomorrow? Yeah, then they might think oh, yeah, this is just been knocked up by someone
 Exactly that. But if it's 60 volumes of him saying bloody Stalin
 But 61, that's a hell of an investment of time if you suddenly hand it over and someone goes this is a fake
 Nine years writing those
 I was born with a tiny mustache
 [Laughter]
 For at least 300 years one common insult against a king was that they had pooed in the font while being baptised
 This is according to Cass L and they read it in a book called The Anglo-Saxons by Matt Morris
 And they're referring to Ethel Red the Unready
 Right
 So yeah, people didn't really rate him very much and they thought we're just gonna make this up about him as far as I know
 He didn't poo in the font. What was the nappy situation back then?
 Great question. Well, Sumo hadn't been invented
 What were they wearing? Cloth, I guess
 I think a lot of kids would just go without
 It would be cold, wouldn't it? The king, I would think, would have a royal diaper
 Yeah, swaddling cloths? I think that was a person like you are you just carry get shadow and get pissed on
 I'm the royal diaper
 So would they dunk the whole baby in I'm just thinking of the baptisms that my kids have had and it's very much water over the head
 Oh, they often would dunk in
 Right, so you go full
 Traditionally a proper baptism your head should go under really
 Is that your head? Yeah, like a water body
 This is not precisely how water body works
 You're not demanding information from them
 Do you know what? I've never been to a baptism and I've never touched wood. I've never been water-boarded
 Do you deny the devil?
 At all his penions screw you copper
 Do you remember I told you guys that thing of when willful was being baptised what happened to me?
 So I was I was handed to him. Oh, you shattered the photo
 Wife I got to pull my nappy
 So I was I was holding him and I had to read a piece out
 So I was holding will reading a piece out from a bit of paper
 And I then had to put the paper down behind me on the table and then hold willful two hands
 So I put the paper down behind me and I came back
 And the guy started reading the prayers and I just suddenly was like, oh my god
 Something's on fire
 What the hell is on fire and I turned around to see and the paper wasn't touching and there were a few candles there
 And I looked down and my arm hair was lit up because I'd gone over a candle as I did it. Yeah
 I was on fire. I mean it was you know slowly going out, but I had to I mean it does feel like the devils had
 Something to do with that doesn't it? So mr. Shriver, do you believe in god? I do why you want fire?
 Then
 Can someone cover that crucifix please?
 There's a species of finch
 That's named after a guy called finch. What a great fact. Lovely great little fact from
 Well, and you've said it's from someone called Colin sir name
 Wow, and the surname was named after Colin's mother, yeah, I think Colin signed his email Colin sir name
 He must have so that's odd from you Colin. Uh, but great fact nonetheless. It is correct. Maybe he's from Surinab and it just
 So there's a finch called the finch, but no one knows it's named after them because it's just called the finch
 Is it called the finch finch? Uh, well that it's called finch's euphonia. In fact, um, and it's in the finch family
 I've got one of the name fact. This is from hannah wallis of florida
 Uh, the discography of 98 year old jazz musician dick hyman
 Includes the 1966 album. I'll never be the same
 Some of hyman's other albums include the sensuous piano of d
 and the man from or g an
 The man from organ. We've met him before haven't we? Have we friend of the podcast?
 I'm sure, I'm sure we have a dick hyman. My friends used to have a comedy double act called dick and hyman
 But that was that was their names really? Yeah, it makes me because a dick hyman like you don't know what that would be
 They didn't normally have them
 No, molly macanerni writes that um an engineer refurbishing and installing old cine-operated pay phones
 That person's name is patrick schlott
 However, the coring slots will not actually be used because the public phone service will be free
 Oh, okay, but I assume he's worked on other schlottes
 100% schlott. It's such a good surname. It's really good. Schlott. Her name is schlott. You go for casino afterwards. That's what I do
 Yeah, pat schlott is what jane fond would do at a casino
 Pat schlott. Pat the schlott. It's a Sean Connery joke
 Yeah, but what's the pat? Well, you have to you have to you have to you have to test all electronic items
 You have to pat test them
 I'm just gonna pat the schlott
 Shaky so she's chasing absolutely poor boys not so satisfied with it
 I'm not sure about this Bond movie
 Why should I said no there again?
 Mark Weldon Low says that the granddaughter a famous artist david shepherd is a lamb and that's her married name. She's called lamb
 And her grandfather was shepherd
 That's very good. Uh, I go on here from jake from illinois. Yeah
 Who says when the ferris wheel debuted at the columbian world exposition in 1893 in chicago?
 They needed to expedite the painting process supposedly francis davis millett. What?
 Was it that they just held a paintbrush at the bottom and let the wheel go around so they didn't have to move?
 That's how I would do it. That makes total sense. Yeah
 Uh, well supposedly what actually happened was francis davids millett
 Who was the decorations director?
 Invented spray paint
 Specifically so that the ferris wheel could be done in time. Oh really? Yeah here is quite a nice one
 It's from john o'connell jr. And it's a little like the nadal tennis racket stretching fact
 In that it's got a distance in it. It's also a stretch
 Well, this is a this one is true though. I have I've followed it up. So john says since french guiana is part of france
 I don't really know much about french guiana. I know it's in south america. I know it's near the top and I know it's um
 I saw you really need to know what else do you expect to know what it's exactly the number of dogs living there
 Like, you know, it's main export chief exports. I don't know the chief export
 Cain sugar probably maybe but 41% of it is amazonian
 Rainforest, uh-huh. It's very rain foresty. Anyway, it is but it is part of france
 In legal terms. Uh-huh. Yeah, it's one of the departement, right?
 Well, I didn't know that even really
 So since french guiana is part of france john writes and france is part of the european union
 The largest national park in the eu is in south america not in europe, which I like
 It's the biggest national park is
 Is there uh following on from this brazil is the country with which france shares its longest land border
 Yeah, I did not I thought what about germany and spain. They're massive and they're both shorter than the brazil french guiana border
 Yeah, that's a really great fact. It's kind of a little bit. It comes up in quizzes a fair bit that one
 I once went to a reunion, which is an island in the is in the pacific or the south atlantic or somewhere
 No, it's in the indian ocean
 Isn't it it's just in the east of africa it's just in the east of africa
 But that's also a french departement
 So you don't need to go through any security to go between them or any passport control
 And I think it's the world's longest domestic flight that goes from charles to go
 It was something like 14 hours and does that come up in quizzes
 That one i'm not so sure. I'd never heard it before in a quiz
 Do you ever worry that going to lots of quizzes as you do blunts your sense of wonder at the most amazing facts in the world?
 I'm not sure. I ever had a sense of wonder
 Um, although this really shook me to the core a message from jake
 Uh, who had been to the kelvin grove museum in glasgo and learned that people would chisel off
 Penises of the gods to use as aphrodisiacs
 Hmm in ancient egypt
 Ah, okay. Okay. They eat them or snort them or it's it's not clear
 To be honest, but I think you would use sprinkler on your ice cream round and sprinkled. Yeah
 At first I thought he was saying that they use them as dildos and I thought that would be interesting
 I do certainly did. Yeah, very interesting
 That explains why you got kicked out of looking at the elke marbles
 Penises of the gods is a very evocative phrase
 Yeah, there's something about it feels well. It's like eric von danakins. Um, what's this book chariots of the gods chariots of the gods
 Yeah, it's a sequel
 And they were quite small then so actually maybe it wouldn't I think I think because there wasn't this big, um
 Owners on penis size. Were they big statues? Oh, would you mean there were tiny statues?
 penis size
 I actually think like there are some egyptian gods that had quite large penises
 Oh, the egyptian gods had really big penises. I'm sorry. Did you say barbie?
 B-a-b-i
 It was like a the monkey god who would take you across to the underworld
 And he had a a penis that could be used as a sail
 So kens or an or to hold up the sail so or mast. I've asked. Yeah, because a ken doesn't get a penis, but barbie does
 That's there we go. Very good. Did we talk about the destruction of the herms?
 Because the herms were all they were greek statues, I think and they were
 A bust of a head and shoulders, but then they did have a little willy sticking out in front
 And they were fertility things and I'm sure there was a period in greece which was the
 The demolition of the herms when athens was invaded by someone or other all the herms got chiseled off. Yeah
 Well, I think that was quite common that you would if you went to a place and you wanted to
 disfigure their gods
 You would kind of disfigure the faces, but you would also cut off the genitals
 But that's just what you do today as well. Listen. I mean that's a lot
 It's like the obvious thing to do you see a statue with genitals, which bit you're gonna take
 You'll take the willy. No fair enough. Yeah. What were the herms? I've never heard of these things
 What were they attached to if it was just a head and shoulders and then was it sticking out with the neck?
 It was like a column of marble, you know, it was like a column of marble
 Shoulders penis flaw penis flaw
 Uh, yeah, it's a column and then they had like a tiny little willy like as if you were
 Using it to get water out of like a water cooler kind of thing. I see
 Yeah, like a stick man. They just couldn't be asked to draw the rest of the body. Look, it looks like that
 Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah
 So it is the only it's really the only prominent bit that you can remove
 So it's an obvious target for vandals and hooligans like you, Anna. Yeah
 I've done I've got 20 of them
 Um, I have a very long email
 Uh, not all of which I'm going to read which actually it doesn't seem to have come
 Signed off by anyone
 Which is a shame because they've discovered something amazing. I might not have copied. Does it say Andy Murray at the top there?
 Yeah, it's from some no, that's from someone else called Andy Murray. Well, that's very confusing
 Did they happen to have the same email address as you?
 Let's move on. What are they saying? They're long, but I doubt not fascinating email
 This person's brandy called Andy Murray has worked out how to get rid of hiccups. So, um, he said skipping out the first nine paragraphs
 No, it's very good. He said that when he was 13 in school biology
 He learned what causes hiccups and he thought he hypothesized a way to stop it
 Should be doing a burp as you feel the first hiccup coming
 And he can report that after 45 years of doing that
 He's only ever hiccups once
 But I never feel my first hiccup coming. You've got to be on the lookout all the time
 It was vigilance. It does. Yeah, it does. But then he did say he lost his concentration
 once on the 28th of november 1990
 This was also in the Hitler time. This is kind of detail
 I think it was a memorable day for anyone who was an adult at the time because it was the joyful day as he describes it
 That thatch resigned and he said he was part of a small group of archaeologists digging this Salisbury
 And when they found out they started celebrating got incredibly drunk
 He was so happy so drunk on cider that he forgot to burp in time
 And he proceeded to hiccup non-stop for 24 hours having obviously saved up all these hiccups
 A lifetime. Yeah, lifetime swimming. Yeah
 That whole thing sounds like a cautionary tale, doesn't it?
 Of the man who suppressed his hiccups and then hiccups forever. You're so right
 That's a that's a Grimm's fairy tale or an esoph's fable or something. I would definitely be up for 61 more volumes of this guy's diary
 This is awesome stuff
 Here's something from Kate Evans
 She tells us that when Leeds became a city for the first time so Leeds and Yorkshire
 They didn't have any celebrations
 And that is because they only applied because they heard that Sheffield was planning to apply as well
 And thought well since we're the largest city in Yorkshire, we should be a city before Sheffield are so they quickly applied
 They won and then they didn't have any time to prepare the celebrations
 Or maybe they're from Yorkshire, so they're so tight they decided they didn't want to have any parties
 Um, that's good. I like a I like a city rivalry. Yeah, I'm a big fan of that. What's your favourite?
 Um, I don't have any really local to me because I'm from London
 Where's the rivalry? London and the entire rest of the UK. You're Oxbridge though
 So you were part of like a major the Cambridge Oxbridge library people don't really care about that not properly
 No, unless you're it may shock you to know that Andy's not a rower if you're listening and so I don't think
 Why would that why would listeners not think I was a rower? They think you're a cox
 Sox on them I rode on the coxless force and that was a very painful team to get into I must say good lord
 Andy is so much of a cox that he got destroyed by the Phoenician empire. Wow
 Okay
 Um, no do rowers care about that really? I mean they do for the boat race
 Let's move on let's move on. I'd love our UK version of roast shows
 I don't think Jimmy Carr will be signing on to hope this one
 Oh dear
 Um, I've got a fact about Wieners. This is from Ralph Lynn Sangon
 And it says in brackets repeat. I don't know if that means repeat the name Ralph Lynn Sangon Lynn Sangon
 Or if it means the email is repeated
 But anyway, he headlines it by saying cybernetic Wieners are only possible because of dr. Wiener
 Quite confusing because I'm always a bit confused about the word cybernetic and what it actually doesn't mean anything does it?
 No, well, so I looked up and it doesn't doesn't really I'm out cybernetics is a study of automatic control and information exchange
 Sort of between machines and living things
 So that so I think it's related to prosthetics. So if you've got a prosthetic penis that can be remote controlled or something
 I'll do something it's in remote control. Wow. Yeah, that would be cool, wouldn't it?
 Sorry, I just need to pull the batteries out and rub them a few times
 This guy's called Norbert Wiener Dr. Norbert Wiener. Oh, I've heard of him. Yeah, I think he's quite a big deal
 so he was the he was the founder of cybernetics, which is a big deal and um
 That was the runner-up name that lost out to James Bond
 But it was going to be the names of wiener norbert wiener
 It's a fun fun trivia fact and it would be sexy if that would happen that would be a sexy name right now
 Norbert wiener and patch lot
 He sounds he sounds very cool norbert wiener and worth more than uh, we're making it sound like he learned 34 languages apparently
 Um, uh, graduated college 14 got phd at 17
 He was known as the most remarkable boy in the world in 1906
 But maybe the reason you've heard of him James is that he came up with the wiener sausage
 So he was a mathematician
 Oh and in the and i'm just going to read this out and good luck ever grasping it get a phd in the mathematical field of probability
 The wiener sausage is something that can be visualized as a sausage of fixed radius whose centerline is brownie in motion
 Uh, we have talked a bit about brownie emotion on the show
 But anyway, he he came up with this mathematical concept that was named after him
 So it looks like a sausage in maths. Yeah, and it's named after him. So it's called the wiener sausage. Got it
 You know math. I'm just a fun too. Yeah
 And he was responsible for the cybernetic
 and he he founded cybernetics and so uh, um machine human interfaces and stuff like that of which
 Prosthetic penises could be seen as an extension. I think is what the person is saying
 Okay, so he wasn't a penis technician himself
 No more than any of us are
 Yeah, uh, I got I got something here from jessica cluckus. I think that's how you pronounce it
 Uh, she's from the island man and she says I am surprises not come up more on the pod
 So here are some facts that I love pilates were invented in patrick, which is a local town in the island man
 Is that true? I didn't know that
 Halloween does not exist there
 Well, I guess you don't have to do everything quite right too
 But it also doesn't exist in the Murray household
 Yeah, because I'm I've turned off the lights and I'm lying on the floor
 Which actually would be a great position to spook people from but I don't I don't do that in case local kids come around and
 You know alarm me
 She says we were the first to give women the vote and have the oldest continuing running parliament in the world
 How ironic of the isle of man
 What about jeff the talking mongoose he is from the island man. Yes
 The ghostly mongoose is that why they don't have halloween because he scared everyone
 It's too real. It's too many bad memories. Yeah
 That was like a young teenage girl or something who pretended that she was talking to a ghostly mongoose
 And then got all of the newspapers involved and everyone believed it and probably cone and dial did or someone like that
 Oh, yeah, yeah, I think all the biggest like ghost hunters of the time went to investigate it as well
 So it was yeah, it's quite there's a great biog on it
 It was quite a big scandal we covered it ages ago and the bbc got involved in a way that meant they had to change
 All their regulations when it turned out it was fake or something
 That's right bbc scandals used to be certainly more wholesome
 Yeah, they were more fun. Actually jeff the talking mongoose also used to get his penis out at parties. Oh
 jeff jeff
 Um, do you said pilates was invented on the isle of man? I'm really surprised about that
 What am I remembering this right or wrong that it was invented by someone called like tony pilates
 It was it was invented by mr. Pilates who I don't think was from the isle of man
 Like bitcrame yoga was invented by he wasn't tony, but mr. Bitcrame. Yeah. Yeah. I just think that's I love those things
 Unexpected things named after people german
 Um, chocolate cake is named after a guy called german
 Brilliant brilliant that kind of stuff. Yeah
 So according to just a super quick google while you guys were chatting pilates was developed by joseph pilates
 He was from germany
 His father was a gymnast and his mother a naturopath pilates said the inspiration for his method came to him during world war one
 While he was being held at a camp in the isle of man
 Can I just say that I don't think it's really fair for the isle of man to claim that as one of their
 When the person who invented it was being held prisoner there. I think
 That's fair
 We're torturing it out of him in the end
 Maybe he was coming up with those positions to try and escape. We don't know
 That was the only way he could get under the fence was by blanking for seven minutes
 Um, here's a great one. This is from nat edwards
 Who is master of the armories at the royal armories in leeds. Very cool. What a cool thing
 So here we go. This is the fact in the late 19th and early 20th centuries
 Special guns were popular among cyclists, especially in france belgium and spain for shooting bothersome dogs
 Oh, yeah
 Cyclists would have guns marketed to them and this was invented
 Uh, the velo dog
 A new kind of ammunition that could be fired from small lightweight powerful revolvers
 Allowing that they were not very accurate. Uh, and they were called dog revolvers
 One of them was even used in an attempt to assassinate king alfonso the 13th who survived possibly on account of not being a dog
 Um, because we've um been researching this for qi weirdly this year or last year and water pistols were invented
 For scaring dogs as well the first adverts you see for water pistols in the newspapers were
 Use this to get rid of dogs and it was for cyclists
 So that make water pistol makes sense to me like you've got a troublesome dog
 You're on your bike. You don't want to you know an actual gun for a dog feels a bit
 Do you shoot it or do you try and scare it or do you pistol whip it?
 And when I say whip it, I mean that's the type of dog you're
 I think the idea was to shoot them
 I think it's dogs like water so the water pistols probably not that successful
 They probably just went for more and more if I splurged the water pistol at my mum's dog
 It would just want to eat the water
 So
 Mum's dog is very stupid though
 You need to grade up
 To machine gun. Yeah. There's a good fact here from luka from isli. I'm going to do it as a riddle
 There's a golf course where you can hit the ball and it stays in the air for an hour and three seconds
 nuclear quantum
 um
 Intangley
 No, no, no go on the intangrel thing
 It's very simple it lands in the higgs bosons. Have you hit it around?
 Yeah
 It's time zones. Yeah, do you know this one? Oh, that's cool. I haven't heard of it. No, it's a green zone
 Golf course and it straddles finland and sweden and there are seven holes in finland and 11 in sweden
 So on hole six you hit the ball and it stays in the air for an hour
 That's great. You know what I have heard of that golf course, but I haven't thought of the time zone part of it
 That's so good. That's good for a crime. So I'm just going to say it for an alibi
 Where were you? I was here for an hour wait for the ball to come down. So I couldn't have killed him
 Obvious
 I think it was the quantum physicist
 Funny pain and funny. That was a kick of a crap out of a quantum physicist over here
 Um, I wasn't going to mention this one, but I will because it's related to james bond. We've been mentioning uh that bit
 Andy coming has sent this in uh two facts
 William stevensson the man james bond was fashioned after who was from winnipeg
 So I think andy coming's from canada once escaped prison using a can opener
 Yes, and says this only bends the truth a touch
 Now I didn't look into that because I wasn't going to read that
 I thought james bond was modelled after quite a few other people as well
 Um, I think there's a few different people isn't there like for instance james bond the
 Ornithologist yes in fleming had a cool older brother
 Oh, I think did lots of expeditions and travel and big game hunting and stuff like that. Yeah, that's right
 I might have been part of it
 But do we know what happened with the tin up there because I wasn't going to read it
 I was going to bring in his next fact, which I thought was quite a far one
 So he sent two two fun facts the city of regina
 Briefly had the slogan the city that rhymes with fun
 As you might imagine people were fired
 That's really good
 I actually I have another one from uh, steven corcoran of exclamation marks fact fame. Oh, yeah, okay
 Non fact fame. Yes. Well, this is this is a good one
 It's that a british officer captured during the first world war was granted leave
 To visit his dying mother on one condition that he returned
 This is about a captain called robert cambell. He was captured really early in the first world war august 1914
 I mean just such bad luck
 You know you got to set out the whole thing and he got word when he was in a prisoner of war camp
 That his mum was dying and he wrote to the kaiser saying look can I please go and visit my mother?
 I will come back and the kaiser said yes, but you got to come back
 And he went he went home. He went to kent, which must have been such a weird experience
 Spend a week with his mum
 Kind of saying goodbye and then he went back to prison voluntarily
 Then as soon as he got back he started digging a tunnel for the next nine months
 Then escaped via and then was recaptured again. Anyway, good on him. He wanted to escape the uh the honorable way, yeah
 Oh, yeah, completely. Yeah, yeah, and I'm sorry. It's good back though because you just seem they just chase you down
 They know where your mum lives. They know where you live. Yeah, but you're left with Germans
 They're at war with the place where you are
 Yeah, I've overestimated how easy it was to just send one of them then over to kent for a point
 Per point
 I think he thought that if he didn't go back other prisoner exchanges might not happen
 That they just end the whole system and anyway, he lived until 1966
 Did he yeah? Yeah, what month?
 Just wondering if he saw the world cup. What month was the world cup? It was in the summer
 The report I found said he died in the isle of wight in july 1966 age 81
 That would have been tight. It would have been tight. He might have seen the qualifying the earlier rounds in the tournament
 They think it's all of oh it is
 Who did england be in that match? West Germany. Oh, so it would have been. What a beautiful
 I've got to find out if he saw the world cup. I mean, he saw the victory in the first world war and the second which was arguably
 You know, he'll have cared more about we don't even know if he liked football. We know he liked war
 Did he like war? Was that why they altered it?
 Um from ana ridpath
 That's just a nice bit of trivia. She says my friend Nathan is a big fan of baseball. So this is credited to Nathan
 There was a single baseball player called danny Janssen who played for two teams in a single game. How?
 Oh, this is uh, very simple quantum
 Do you want to carry on or shall I answer please the game was postponed halfway through any move between teams?
 I'm really sorry that jamesy's on killing all of your scientific theorising. I'll get at one of these days
 One of these days is going to be quantum
 Still another alibi to you, Andy
 I wasn't even on that team. I couldn't have killed him
 Yeah, you're absolutely correct. Uh, the it was postponed because uh in clement weather
 And he was traded from the toronto blue jay to the boston red socks
 Wow
 And then uh, he was put in a particle accelerator
 Right, that's it. That's all of your facts. Thank you so much for sending them in
 Uh, if you'd like to send in more facts, then please do the email is podcast@qi.com and we'll do another one of these before too long
 They all get read. They all get read even the very long ones. So that's
 There's no incentive to keep it short actually. What am I doing? We cut off at 50 words. I cut off at 50 words. There we go
 Um, but maybe you'd like to contact uh, all of us on various social media accounts
 So if you'd like to do that you can do and it's encouraged. Uh, I'm on instagram at andrew hunter m james
 Add me on linkedin. Yeah, james on linkedin. Yeah, uh, yeah, instagram on @tribaland
 We are collectively @no such thing on twitter or @no such thing as a fish on instagram
 So there are all sorts of ways to get in touch
 But the most important thing is that you guys stay well and keep on keep
 Bring home andy and goodbye
 You
 You
 You
 You
 (upbeat music)
