 [Music]
 Hello, and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming
 to you from four undisclosed locations in the UK.
 My name is Dan Schreiber, I am sitting here with Anna Tyshinski, Andrew Hunter Murray,
 and James Harkin, and once again, we have gathered round the microphones with our four
 favourite facts from the last seven days, and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, and that is James.
 Okay, my fact this week is that some dog owners in Alaska are putting spiky jackets on their
 pets to stop bald eagles from carrying them away.
 How many pets in Alaska have been carried off by bald eagles?
 To my knowledge, in recent weeks, zero, but that just shows that these jackets are doing
 their job, right?
 That's a good point, yeah.
 It's so cool, have you guys seen a picture of it?
 They look like futuristic ravers, like an apocalyptic punk, it's amazing, it's like huge glow sticks
 on the back with their spikes multi-coloured and so on.
 Because I read a few things saying, I can't look out whether the guys selling this stuff
 are just on a genius streak of manipulating dog owners paranoia, because there are lots
 of eagles and they do carry off very heavy fish.
 Well, okay, so there are a lot more bald eagles recently than there have been over the recent
 history, that is for sure.
 There were about 72,000 in the US in 2009 and in 2019 there were 316,000 and that's to say
 nothing of the ones that are in Canada, which is plenty as well.
 So that's good news for eagles, but it might be bad news for dogs because there are anecdotal
 stories of eagles coming down and picking up dogs and so they come up with these new
 products.
 There's a company, they've got a website called coyotevest.com and they've taken their existing
 waistcoats that they sell to dog owners and they've put, like Dan says, these kind of
 almost like kaplunk sticks, if you can imagine what they look like on the back of them and
 then there's another product called hawk shield which has velcro on it so that when the hawk
 or the eagle comes down, it only picks up the vest and it doesn't pick up the dog a
 bit like, you know, if you have a lizard and someone tries to catch the lizard but it loses
 its tail.
 Yeah.
 It's weak velcro then, because that sounds like it's going to come undone all the time.
 That sounds really annoying.
 I thought you were going to say that the eagle sticks to the velcro when it lands, that you
 get the velcro that just glues it to the dog.
 When your dog comes back and it's just got 20 eagles attached to it.
 Guys, it doesn't matter what they can do, they're not doing it.
 What?
 Why is everyone speculating about how they're not blimmin' doing it?
 One tiny little Pomeranian was sadly killed by one in 2020, not even carried off, just
 killed.
 One too many Anna.
 What?
 It's not worth the huge industry.
 The only other evidence I could find of any pet attacks was in 2008, a guy called David
 Hunsaker in Alaska said he had a bald eagle nest outside his house in his garden and at
 one point he found a cat collar in there, which implies, I suppose, that the eagles
 eaten the cat and left the collar.
 Okay.
 How do you explain the fact that two weeks ago I met a man who was taken by an eagle when
 he was a child?
 Do you really want to know how he explained that, Dan?
 It's true.
 I met a guy who came, a builder who came to our house, he's from Kazakhstan and he told
 my wife that when he was a child he was in a field and the eagle picked him up and carried
 him away and his mother had to run after it and beat it with a stick so he could be dropped,
 which it did.
 How do you explain that?
 Did he use that as the reason why he left halfway through the day and didn't come back?
 Sorry, another bloody eagle.
 I'm not questioning his veracity but I, when I worked in the Scottish Parliament, used
 to have a couple of constituents who were incessantly complaining their sheep were being
 carried off by sea eagles and I would lump them in the same box as your Kazakhstani builder,
 which is a box of people who have hallucinations of eagles carrying things away.
 Listen, there was a story in Scotland in 2019 and this might be the one that you're talking
 about Anna, where sea eagles were blamed for stealing lambs and this farmers, they took
 it really seriously and they were trying to work out how to prevent it.
 They were putting up helium balloons to sort of float above where the sheep were, the lamb
 were, to sort of scare them away.
 Just make it look like a birthday party for the eagles when they're tucking into their
 lovely fresh lambs.
 That's true.
 It didn't work out though.
 They said we're struggling a bit with these because they're not staying in the air.
 So a bit of a flaw with the old balloon technology there.
 All that amazes me about that is that I guarantee you it's going to be the same farmer I used
 to talk to in time, is that he's still banging away at the same nonsense drum 14 years later.
 Wow.
 Maybe if you've done something 14 years ago Anna, we wouldn't still have this problem.
 It's actually why I'm not still in the job, they find me.
 They've got very bad branding, bald eagles.
 I feel so sorry for them.
 Why are they called bald?
 Bald is not what you want to be as an eagle and indeed they're not bald.
 And I actually, I never really thought about it.
 I always thought maybe bald eagles were hiding a bald patch that I just had never spotted,
 but it just comes from an old English word for white, like shining white.
 Oh, it's going to have white heads today.
 I always thought it was because the white head made them look bald, but it's not.
 That makes sense, but I guess bald will come from the same word, I guess, like clean white.
 Yeah.
 I think pie bald, a horse that's pie bald is two different colors, and I think the
 bald bit of that means white headed.
 So in the USA, it is also very illegal to own an eagle.
 You can remember it because it rhymes.
 It's very handy.
 Is it illegal to own a beagle though, Andy?
 No.
 So how are you supposed to remember it?
 A bald eagle, the national bird of America, you're not allowed to own at all.
 And if you find a dead one, you're not allowed to keep it.
 Why would you want to?
 But there is a US facility called the National Eagle Repository, which effectively is a massive
 fridge full of dead eagles and eagle body parts, because they're used by indigenous Americans
 for religious purposes and ceremonies.
 So this National Eagle Repository receives 30 to 40 eagle carcasses every single day
 they're coming in the door.
 Yeah.
 And it's in a suburb of Denver.
 I mean, it's nowhere very glamorous or weird, it's just in Denver.
 You wouldn't put it, you know, in Manhattan, which I don't think you'd be putting there.
 No, right.
 Or Broadway.
 And the rental cost would be too high for your enormous eagle fridge.
 But yeah, so you can't, when you say no one can, you can own an eagle if you belong to
 one of the, I think it's like 573 recognized tribes who use those eagles in their ceremonies.
 Exactly.
 You can apply either for a full eagle or for effectively a franken eagle, you can apply
 to get the constituent parts of an eagle if they have an eagle which has an eye missing
 or a wing missing or a tail or whatever.
 Well, they'll give you an eye from a different eagle and stick it into your eagle, will they?
 And I think they will, they will send you an eagle kit.
 What?
 It's not, it's not build your own eagle.
 No, no, no, it's things like burning the feathers during ceremonies, yeah, it's, it is for proper
 rituals.
 Yeah.
 But if you find an eagle, you're encouraged to post it, you're literally encouraged to
 go to the post office and send it to them.
 This is just as a random person.
 And there's instructions on their website where they say, you know, if you're going
 to do it, select a very sturdy cardboard box.
 Don't pack too many eagles in, you know, don't bend them and make them a bit out of shape.
 You've got to send them in a frozen state.
 And I'm not sure how you do that because they say don't include gel or ice packs.
 But if you send them inside a ice cooler, they will send that back to you.
 So it's sort of like, don't worry, you will get your ice cooler back.
 You've got to double bag them.
 You know, there's all these rules and you've got to, you've got to ship them via FedEx
 on any non-holidays that are Monday, Tuesdays or Wednesdays.
 A paw in turn who's opening the post in that place every single day.
 Just one is it.
 Oh, it's another rotten, maggoty eagle.
 Have you guys heard of wounded in winter beautiful bald eagle, speaking of Native Americans?
 No.
 Is that a person?
 Or is that a...
 It's a person.
 His name is also David Bald Eagle for short.
 Nice.
 So if you're called David, then it does seem like you can use the words wounded in winter
 beautiful instead of David.
 But David Bald Eagle was an actor.
 He was in dances with wolves as well as a lot of other things.
 But he had an amazing life.
 He was in the Second World War.
 He was dropped into Italy and it's a group of soldiers who fought so fiercely.
 The Germans called them the devils in baggy pants.
 And then after fighting there, they took him out again and he was dropped over Normandy
 during the Normandy landings.
 But he was accidentally dropped in the wrong place directly over German troops, which meant
 they could literally just look up and shoot at these guys who were landing on them.
 He said that we were like clay pigeons coming down.
 Most of my outfit was wiped out.
 He said as he came down.
 So ironic that the bald eagle ended up being like a clay pigeon.
 Yes, exactly.
 The medics came.
 They left him for dead.
 But then some British soldiers, commandos, came in afterwards and realised that he was
 still alive and managed to save his life.
 And then he later became a competitive ballroom dancer, a pro baseball player.
 And then he became an actor and also danced with Marilyn Monroe.
 Imagine that for a life.
 Wow.
 That was an extraordinary CV.
 It actually, it's hard to know what job to apply for with that kind of image.
 You know the bird we started talking about here.
 What kind of eagle is that?
 Oh, the bald eagle.
 The American bald eagle.
 They really interestingly sound nothing like we have all been conditioned to think they
 sound.
 So if you picture the American desert and someone riding a horse through a canyon and he looks
 up and there's an eagle above and it makes this amazing 'ya' cry, right?
 That was a very bad impression of it.
 Try a better one.
 Try a better one.
 Yeah.
 That one.
 That was really good.
 Not to make it as bit flimmy.
 Bit well.
 Okay, look.
 Anyway, they don't sound like that at all.
 They make these pathetic little cheaps and they have to get the sound of a red tailed
 hawk dubbed over in movies to make everyone think that they sound magnificent and mighty.
 They don't at all.
 Well, they used to get the sound of a red tailed hawk, but now I imagine you'll be employed
 for the job.
 Okay, so do you know how bald eagles have sex when you got to that part of the podcast
 already?
 It took longer than I expected.
 Is it mid-flight?
 Yeah, certainly the courting is all mid-flight and that's kind of the interesting part of
 it.
 So you'll get two bald eagles, a male and a female, and they'll fly really, really high
 up together and then they'll lock their talons together and they'll go into kind of a cartwheel
 death spin.
 If you imagine like a helicopter where the blades have all gone crazy and all the drivers
 stopped being able to control it and it goes into a spin, they come right down to the floor
 and they break it apart at the last minute and that is kind of the courting technique,
 although sometimes it has to be said they do actually hit the ground.
 Oh.
 Well, that's what makes it sexy, the risk.
 It's the risk.
 It's like a fistywank, isn't it?
 It's a sort of...
 A fistywank.
 That's not what you want to say.
 That's not a fisty.
 That's not what you want to say.
 There's our title for this week's episode.
 No such thing as a fistywank.
 I think you might be grappling for a spikywank.
 A fistywank is just a normal wank, isn't it?
 There was a lot of grappling going on, that's for sure.
 But is it in the danger?
 Is that the idea that as they're tumbling down, they're like, we've got three seconds
 to live, quick.
 I think if you were to anthropomorphise these eagles, then that's what you would think,
 for sure.
 It's like, you know, if you can afford to do such a dangerous thing, then it might mean
 you're a good mate.
 God, I can't wait to hear the David Attenborough commentary on this.
 And so, like on a fistywank.
 OK, it is time for fact number two, and that is Anna.
 My fact is that the last emperor of the Shang dynasty built a wine lake and a meat forest
 for himself.
 Wow, that is, and what, so he had all loads of wine and meat whenever he needed it, I
 guess?
 I think basically, yeah, just a meat forest sounds so disgusting, doesn't it?
 But yeah, this was a very long time ago.
 This was over 3,000 years ago.
 It was the emperor D. Shin, and he was known for being very sort of decadent and prone
 to a bit of excess.
 And yeah, he filled a lake on his, oh, I think he dug a lake, in fact, filled it with wine.
 And then he hung cured meat from the trees all around it.
 And according to the sources of the dynasty that came immediately after him, he got his
 courtiers to chase each other through this forest naked.
 Wow.
 Interesting.
 So, if it came from the people who came after him, might it have been a bit of kind of propaganda
 against him, do you think, or not?
 It's almost, I mean, I guess it's impossible to say.
 He was definitely pretty debauched, and the reason he was removed from power, the reason
 he eventually lost the entire dynasty, which had gone on for about 600 years, is because
 he was corrupt and, you know, excessive and stuff.
 But yeah, what's a weird coincidence, and which does imply that could be the case, is
 that the dynasty that preceded him also fell down because the last emperor built a lake
 of wine.
 I think the M.O.G. is not so weird.
 Surely, one of his advisors should have said, "Wait, this didn't work last time."
 Look, this time it will work.
 It's completely different.
 Both persuaded to do it by their concubines.
 There's always in this history, there's always some terrible woman forcing them to do it
 backstage.
 Yeah.
 How big was this lake, Anna?
 Are we talking a genuine lake, or is it a sort of swimming pool called a lake?
 It's not Loch Ness.
 It's not Loch Ness, but they, astonishingly, and this must have been the most exciting
 moment in this archeologist's life, they found a pond that matches up to it.
 This is in 1999.
 So this is the first dynasty of which we have actual archeological evidence, so it's not
 just written stories about it.
 We've got, like, archeology that matches up, and in 1999, they found an artificial pond
 in Yanxi, and it's 130 metres long and 20 metres wide.
 So it's much bigger than your biggest swimming pool.
 Largely full of water, I imagine, these days.
 No wine left.
 No.
 I don't think.
 Very diluted by this point.
 Wow.
 Right.
 Yeah, because it's really interesting.
 These Shang Dynasty, we did think that perhaps it was like a kind of a story or some thing
 that wasn't actual history, but then, like you say, they did find, I think they found some
 bones or something with things written on them or…
 Yeah, they were called dragon bones, and the idea of dragon bones were you would use these
 for telling the future.
 So they would write on them, and they would then put them in a fire and crack them.
 And the bones themselves would be bones from an ox's shoulder, or they would be the flat
 side of a tortoise shell.
 And once they cracked, wherever the lines went, that is how you told the future.
 You followed the crack lines.
 And for years, we thought that the Shang Dynasty was completely mythological, as with the
 preceding dynasty.
 There was not really any evidence except sort of anecdotal evidence.
 And then in the late 1800s, all of these little, supposed dragon bones were being sold by pharmacies
 in China because they were seen to be a cure for malaria.
 There was a guy called Dr. Wang Yerong, who was the director of Imperial College, who
 had malaria, and was prescribed some of these dragon bones.
 And he was looking at them going, "Hang on a second, this looks like really old writing."
 And that's where they realised this was the original writing of the Shang Dynasty, and
 it was real.
 Do we trust a guy who thinks that these ox bones cure malaria?
 Yeah.
 How's he making it to Imperial College like that?
 What year was that?
 This is 1899, and this is the Imperial College of China.
 And yeah.
 Oh, sorry.
 Fair enough.
 Well, back.
 So malaria not cured, but you have made an unbelievable archaeological discovery.
 Exactly.
 Swings around about.
 Very cool.
 They seem, they're kind of like Ouija boards, aren't they?
 But sort of much harder to read, because I suppose I was looking at the process that
 you go through when you're interpreting oracle bones, which is what they're also called.
 And there's an example of one king, for instance, who had a toothache.
 And what you do is you list a bunch of options for the bone, and then you ask it, you know,
 which of these options do you pick, and whichever direction the crack goes in, refers to the
 option.
 So this king was like, I've got a toothache.
 So first of all, which of my bastard ancestors is causing it?
 And he lists four ancestors.
 And then you've got to burn a bone, and the crack goes to the right, and they're like,
 okay, it's, you know, it's Bob, Uncle Bob, who's caused it.
 And then he's like, okay, which animal should I kill to appease Uncle Bob?
 Should it be a puppy?
 Should it be a pony?
 Should it be a bald eagle?
 And then you ask it again.
 It's quite a laborious way of having a conversation, I guess.
 I think it's quite important with these things that they are very difficult to read, because
 you are making it all up.
 And so if you're, if it's something that someone else can check your work, then that's not
 going to work out, is it?
 It has to be something that you could say this is right.
 And when anyone says, are you sure, you're like, yeah, look where the crack goes.
 It's obvious, isn't it?
 Look, all I'm saying is the toothache was cured.
 So I'm in the fight of the oracle bones.
 Wow.
 It was Uncle Bob all along.
 There we go.
 Uncle Bob is still stealing a child, a no-go zone for you.
 The thing you said about puppies is unfortunately true, isn't it?
 Because there were lots of shang sacrificial puppies which had been found.
 And they're normally attached to people's graves.
 So it was a bonus cavity that would be attached to your grave.
 And it's mostly middle-class people who did it, we think.
 And there is a kind of scale range in terms of what you could afford.
 So if you couldn't afford a full dog to be sacrificed for your grave, you'd get a puppy
 instead, simply because it was a bit smaller.
 Wow.
 Ah, okay.
 Do you know another reason why Emperor D. Shin was destroyed and why his empire fell?
 Oh.
 What a bad question to ask and what a bad way of phrasing it.
 Did he have a home made of trifle to go through the wheat forest?
 That's it.
 No, it was to do again with the religion.
 And again, this is written by a later dynasty, so it might all be propaganda.
 But the idea is that his people ate the animal victims which were intended for the spirits,
 probably because they might have had a bit too much to drink.
 And so they just got a bit hungry.
 They looked at the sacrificial animals and they thought, "Oh, we are meant to give those
 to the spirits."
 That looks like a tasty little puppy, doesn't it?
 And the spirits never take them.
 I mean, we always wake up in the morning and they're still bloody there.
 The spirits never eat them, do they?
 I know, it's so relatable just getting a bit peckish after a few drinks and thinking,
 "I can replace it with another puppy in the morning, can't I?"
 He was so reviled after, actually in his reign and then immediately after it, that he is
 now known as the Emperor Zhou.
 And I've probably mispronounced that, it's about Z-H-O-U, but it's pronounced like Zhou.
 And the reason he's called that is because that is the word for the bit of a horse's
 saddle that would tie around the horse's tail to stop the saddle from sliding forward.
 And that's the bit that when the horse does a poo, it gets covered in poo.
 So he's gone down in history as bit of a saddle most likely to get covered in shit.
 That is weird.
 I thought the next dynasty that came was also the Zhou dynasty.
 It was.
 It was extremely confusing.
 Yeah.
 But they didn't call themselves after the shitty covered horse thing, surely?
 It's a slightly different word that to me sounds almost indistinguishable to Dan slightly
 more adapted.
 Mandarin is probably sounds different, but one sounds like Zhou and one sounds like Zhou.
 Oh, OK.
 Oh, see.
 Can I just quickly ask just back to the very first fact, where did they get the wine from
 to fill a lake?
 That's a lot of wine.
 Was it a bit of a faked botched job where it was mostly water and then there was just
 a top layer of wine kind of thing?
 I mean, it's not like oil and water.
 People don't say they like wine and water because wine and water do mix.
 You can't just keep it on the top layer.
 Was it just like a normal lake and Jesus walked past?
 Every time Jesus walks past your taps, oh, god damn it, I can't do the washing up anymore.
 Jesus Christ.
 Oh, yes.
 That's my name.
 It's a good question.
 And I don't think it was the wine as we know it was some kind of alcohol, which is usually
 referred to as wine these days.
 Maybe more like beer.
 But I always wonder this as well, when in English historical sources, medieval times,
 they talk about fountains flowing with wine and, you know, kings went through a phase of
 about 500 years of whenever they were celebrating anything, they had a birthday or a foreign
 dignitary came to visit, the pipes would flow with wine.
 And no one knows how they did it, but it's in all these sources.
 I think it started in the 1200s with Edward Longshanks and there was a royal visit and
 it was like, you know, London flowed with wine.
 I've got no idea how they made that happen.
 What's going on?
 There is, there's, we might have said this before, but there is a wine kind of tap, isn't
 there somewhere in Italy, I think.
 There's like some pipes of wine where you can just go and fill up your bucket wherever
 you want.
 Yes, that's right.
 Or glass.
 Yes, there is.
 That's very cool.
 Although, yeah, I was reading some TripAdvisor reviews of that and they did say there's
 a sign outside it saying, "Lauts and drunkards not welcome."
 Right.
 This is for passing pilgrims.
 Well, that's you gone there, Nana.
 Yeah.
 Who wants free wine if they're not allowed?
 Yeah.
 Outrageous.
 That's why I gave it one star.
 One exciting Shang Dynasty discovery was a tomb of a fabled character.
 Again, we thought that she was entirely mythological called Fuhao.
 She was a wife of one of the emperors and she appears on over 180 of these dragon bones
 as a sort of story, but no one could prove that she ever existed.
 And then there was an archaeologist called Jiang Jianxiang who was basically the first
 female archaeologist of New China.
 So she came about during the Cultural Revolution and she discovered the tomb of Fuhao and it
 was the only untouched tomb of a royal that they have ever found in China.
 It's basically the equivalent of the Tutankhamun discovery of his tomb.
 Everything was intact.
 Everything was in there.
 I like the way that they call it.
 They say, "Oh, this is the first untouched tomb that we found and then deliberately
 go and touch it."
 Yes.
 It's like, you know, they've only done exactly the same as all the previous people have done.
 Yeah.
 I guess it's because they've left an itinerary of what they've taken from it that that's
 the difference, that we're like, "Oh, okay, we know everything that was there before you
 stole it."
 Yeah.
 Now you just have to buy a flight to the British Museum in order to see it.
 I'm very sorry.
 Exactly.
 At least you know where it is.
 Yeah.
 But she is an amazing character, by the way, Jiang Jianxiang, this archaeologist from China.
 And I read about her story in a fantastic website that people must check out.
 It's called Trial Blazers as in a trowel for digging.
 And it's a website which is in celebration of women archaeologists, paleontologists and
 geologists who've been doing awesome work for far longer and far greater numbers than
 most people realize is the mission statement of the website.
 And it's just packed with all these incredible women who are making these discoveries, like
 Jiang Jianxiang, who is the first lady of archaeology there.
 And they did discover inside the tomb, they found all these things like 16 human corpses
 that they believe were sacrifices of slaves to come into the afterlife with her.
 They found, as you say, Andy, dogs, there were six sacrificial dogs.
 And shed loads of weapons, right?
 She's a warrior.
 In fact, I think she was general of the army and led the forces to like the biggest victory
 of this entry.
 And they found hundreds of weapons with her.
 Yeah.
 She was the leader of the largest army that we know of in ancient Chinese history.
 Wow.
 13,000 men.
 Yeah.
 It's amazing.
 And if you were that posh, you could get a human sacrifice.
 I think, so the dogs maybe were for, you know, if you couldn't quite afford the people.
 But I think, you know, you've really made it in life when you can convince 16 people
 to die when you die.
 They think that possibly the Xiang dynasty had a collection of future human sacrifices.
 A bit like if you can imagine a giant freezer with a load of eagle parts in it, but with
 humans instead.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 They reckoned because they would do these big sort of human sacrifices, loads at the
 same time.
 And they could tell that, you know, these people had been not very well fed for a certain
 amount of time.
 They can tell that they were kept as prisoners.
 And the idea is that whenever you needed a human sacrifice because you wanted to show
 strength because you're the leader or perhaps, you know, for some religious reason, you would
 go to this pool of sacrificial victims and say, OK, I need 12 sacrifices, please.
 OK.
 Like a puncture.
 If you were kept in better conditions, after all, it's befitting that a human sacrifice
 should be kept in decent conditions.
 Would you volunteer to be a human sacrifice if you knew that at some point in the future,
 your number would be up and you'd be summed?
 How much better would my conditions be than my current conditions?
 Well, I mean, I could see in the background of the Zoom called James that you've got your
 meat forest and your wide leg behind you, so it can't get much better.
 No, you're right.
 You get to live like Elon Musk, but you will die within two weeks.
 Do I have to do really irritating tweets all the time?
 What do you, well, that might be a stretch, James.
 Continue as you were.
 You know, speaking of meat forests, the leopard is an animal that likes to put meat into trees.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 Sometimes it'll kill something like something as big as a small giraffe, for instance.
 And then to stop any hyenas or lions from eating it, but it can't eat it all at once
 because it's too big, it'll drag it up into a tree and then leave it hanging there and
 then just munch on it when it feels like it.
 And there's some examples of leopards carrying such big amounts of meat up these trees that
 it's the equivalent of a human carrying 2,000 Big Macs up two floors in one go.
 What?
 That's a bad hangover you've got when that's your Saturday.
 That poor delivery guy.
 Do you love fries with that?
 You know what?
 Probably not.
 OK, it is time for fact number three, and that is Andy.
 My fact is that if you look at your phone when you're out, half the people around you will
 do the same within 30 seconds.
 What?
 Half the people around you will look at your phone?
 I'd say that's an invasion of privacy.
 Yeah, so be careful what you're looking at.
 I assume it's people looking at their own phones.
 I'm almost surprised it's only half, I have to say.
 It's true.
 From experience, it's so catching, isn't it?
 Yeah, it's really bizarre.
 So this is something that I think is probably anecdotally observed a lot, and it's finally
 been studied by a team at the University of Pisa, and it's a team led by Veronica Maglieri,
 observed nearly 200 people, and they did so in the field.
 They went out and about, and they looked at men and women in social settings, and there
 were various trigger individuals that they were observing, and if those trigger individuals
 looked at their phone very shortly afterwards, about 50% of the people around them did the
 same.
 Didn't they say as well that you had to actively engage with the phone as well?
 So they noticed that if you sort of in passing looked at your phone, it didn't trigger off
 people doing it, but if you picked it up and you did a swipe and you were actively engaging
 with your phone, that's when everyone started doing it, yeah.
 And this is called the chameleon effect, right, where you mimic what other people are doing,
 and it was coined by Dr. Tanya Chatrand, and I listened to a podcast that she was in.
 This was the annual reviews conversations podcast, and it was absolutely brilliant.
 She just talked about where she came up with the idea, so she was a student, and there
 was one of her fellow students who was a bit more senior than her.
 He had a beard, and he had this weird mannerism, she said, where he kind of would pull his
 beard whenever he was doing any work, and she noticed that even though she didn't have
 a beard, she kept pulling this little bit of skin on the bottom of her chin, and she
 suddenly thought, wait a minute, why am I doing that?
 Is it because I'm mimicking him because he's got a slightly higher status than me?
 And then that became the subject of, I think, her PhD.
 That is so cool and interesting, and actually, on that note, I had a tutor when I was at
 university who had a very thick and bushy beard, and at the start of a tutorial, if he was
 only slightly interested in what you're saying, he would start winding one finger around in
 his beard, but if you got more intellectually stimulating to him, two fingers would get
 in there and start grinding around, and by the end of the tutorial, both hands would
 be fully grinding through the beard.
 It was nightmare.
 It sounds like he had a lice problem to me.
 It does happen, according to Dr. Chartrand in this podcast that I was listening to, it
 does happen with people who you respect, people of a higher status, but actually, there is
 a baseline, even if you're with a stranger, someone you've never met, you're never going
 to meet again, you just kind of sat on a train platform and they're doing something, rubbing
 their fingers in the massive bushy beard or whatever, then you might copy that, and there
 is a kind of a small amount of it that happens no matter who you're next to.
 This mimicking thing, though, it even happens when it's very disadvantageous to you, so
 Rock Paper Scissors, the game we all know and love, when people play Rock Paper Scissors,
 they mimic each other unconsciously, and this has been tested by scientists from UCL who
 set up a series of Rock Paper Scissors games where either one player or both players were
 blindfolded, okay?
 Okay.
 I mean, the most pointless Rock Paper Scissors games imaginable, but when both of them were
 blindfolded, they didn't imitate each other, but when there was one person blindfolded and
 they played one of the three options, the sighted player, the one who wasn't blindfolded, was
 slightly more likely, very slightly more likely to play the same thing, which is baffling,
 because obviously that's not how you win Rock Paper Scissors, and also you're playing someone
 blindfolded, just wait until they've made their clear offer and then play the thing that wins.
 However, yes.
 Yeah, what's incredible to me is that we haven't managed to hack into our subconscious and be
 able to win Rock Paper Scissors because it's extraordinary that your subconscious knows
 what your opponent's going to do, but it won't tell you in time.
 No, you're right.
 With this fact about, so you're saying that there's disadvantages where it still happens,
 but for me, the confusing thing about your fact is that if I was mimicking, as you say,
 like twiddling a bit of the skin of your chin, that there's nothing there that you're doing
 that you're conscious of, whereas checking your phone is an active thing.
 So if you see someone else checking their phone, you might go, oh, I should check my
 phone.
 It's a reminder rather than a social mimicking thing, so am I misunderstanding that?
 I don't think so.
 I think sometimes you just check your phone without thinking, right?
 You're just kind of sat around looking at the leaning tower of Pisa, and your phone's
 next to you and you think, well, I've seen that leaning tower of Pisa for three hours
 now.
 Noffy's changed.
 It's still leaning.
 He's not moving anywhere.
 I'm going to look at my phone.
 How was your holiday?
 But yeah, I mean, it's more of a subconscious thing, I think.
 Sometimes you just do it reactionary without thinking.
 Yeah.
 I think that was what they found.
 Yeah.
 It's a subconscious.
 Obviously, it's conscious once you're writing a long and heartfelt message to your aunt,
 but the action of picking it up and looking at it, which is what kicks that off.
 All the people you could have chosen to write a long and heartfelt message to.
 Maybe not leave Dad's relationship with his auntie.
 They're very close.
 I do not appreciate you bringing that up, Adam.
 It's private.
 I'm sorry.
 As well as the chameleon effect, there is a reverse chameleon effect, and what this
 is is let's say I'm sat opposite you and you're scratching the right-hand side of your face,
 then to mimic you, I will scratch the left-hand side of my face, and it's as if it's a mirror.
 Do you know what I mean?
 But if you do it the other way, so if you scratch the right-hand side of your face,
 and I scratch the right-hand side of my face, then actually, rather than having positive
 feelings for me, because you can see that I'm mimicking you, you'll have negative feelings
 for me.
 That was a study only in 2020 by a guy called Daniel Casasanto and his team.
 It was in the journal Psychology, and they set up a digital face that would copy what
 you were doing, and it found that people who were opposite this face when it was doing
 this weird non-mirroring mirroring, they would feel really negative about it.
 Wow.
 Well, it's annoying if you're walking with someone, you go in one direction, and they
 immediately go in the opposite direction.
 It kills the conversation.
 There's probably underlying reasons that that's happening, I suppose.
 No, it's a subconscious response, I'm sure of it.
 Do you guys have, at the right-hand side of your head, around the hairline, a little lump
 or bump?
 Well, my hairline is getting a lot further back, because, yes, come on, does the bump
 move as well?
 I think the bump stays the same.
 The bump's a skull thing.
 I'm not sure.
 This is an amazing, you're all feeling your heads now, okay.
 This isn't mimicry, Andy, if you're trying to make us all copy your things.
 I'm trying to make you find your organ of imitation, and this was a phrenological concept
 in the 19th century, and the idea was that if you had a very lumpy bit of your skull
 just there, that was an enormous organ of imitation, and you would be a very good mimic,
 and you might be an actor, but you also might be a liar, you might be a fraudster.
 That was where it was.
 But you could only really mimic someone else who had a massive growth on the side of the
 head.
 How big are we talking?
 Is it, you know, like a hockey stick sticking out of your forehead?
 Just there.
 Just, you know, a lump or a bump.
 I can't tell, because obviously, everyone's skulls have, you know, different shapes all
 the way around, and it's obviously nonsense, but...
 That's why at the Oscars, when you see all the nominees who are about to be announced,
 the winner, it's the one with a giant protruding lump that you know is about to get it.
 It sounds to me like it's someone who's been punched in the head so many times, they think
 the way to make people like me is by imitating them, and so they go and do it.
 I mean, surely that's the cause and effect as far as I'm concerned.
 I suppose what we are actually saying here is that phrenology doesn't work.
 That's what I'm saying.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 There was a Dutch study by a psychologist that showed, and this is a handy tip for anyone
 who works in restaurants and is waiting staff, that if you copy the behavior of the customer...
 So you give them the food as well.
 You give them the food, and then you set opposite them, and just have the same thing.
 Yeah.
 Go up to them and give them your order, and then they'll go off and do it.
 They'll just mimic what you would have been doing.
 What do you mean?
 The idea is that if you can relate to the customer more, you're more likely to get a
 tip from them.
 So they found that if you were the waiting staff and you went up to them and they made
 the order, if you repeat the order back to them, that almost heightens the fact that you'll
 get a tip because it makes them feel like you're friendly with them.
 If you bend down next to them while they're giving you their order, that's been shown to
 increase tip-inch as well.
 When you say bend down next to them, you bend your knees and sort of get down to their level
 and still look at them in the face, you don't turn around and you don't give your ass.
 Yeah, don't Ace Ventura it.
 Yeah.
 I guess the reason that we sort of do this is because people like it, right?
 And that's why you'll tip.
 It's because you like it when your waiter mimics you in a way.
 And I read a really interesting article saying copying might be what makes us human.
 So we've actually evolved it.
 So a lot of people say it's like innovation and ideas, right?
 And we've invented so much stuff that other species haven't.
 But they did this experiment that's really interesting where toddlers and chimps were
 both shown a box with a treat inside it, like sweets or something.
 And then the experimenter showed them how to open the box, but they added a irrelevant
 motion during the opening.
 So they tapped the box just before opening it.
 And then they gave it to the child, the toddler or the chimp to see if they were able to open
 the box.
 And the chimps realized straight away that the tap was irrelevant.
 So they copied all the other stuff that the human had done, worked out to open the box,
 but could see that the tap was irrelevant.
 Whereas the toddlers all still tapped the box.
 And this is like over imitation.
 It's like we imitate everything people do, even if it's totally useless.
 And the idea is that this is how we've developed this amazing culture.
 Because the only way that humans are so successful is that we've developed skills and technology
 over generations.
 Like no one can make a mobile phone from scratch.
 No one really could work out the best way to build a canoe even.
 So it's by copying bit by bit exactly what our ancestors have done or what our parents
 are doing that makes us really successful.
 But it does mean that we do point and a shit like tapping a box with the chip next to us
 going, why are you doing that, mate?
 Well, that's how we invented drumming as well.
 Exactly.
 Just tapping the box.
 There is a thing where, like you say, it makes you feel better if people copy you.
 But you kind of inherently know how much mimicry there should be depending on a situation.
 And if there is too much or too little, this again, this is according to Dr. Charter and
 in this podcast that I was listening to, she said that if there's too much or too little
 mimicry, then it kind of hurts your self-control so you can't self-control as much.
 You procrastinate more and you eat more junk food and have worse motor control.
 So your reactions are even slightly worse as well.
 And all these things can affect you from just someone mimicking you too much or not enough.
 That's really passing the buck, passing the blame on, isn't it?
 The only reason I had those 8,000 Big Macs or whatever it was, like carried up the stairs
 is because you keep not copying it enough.
 Okay, it's time for our final fact of the show and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that elephants can down 5 pints in under a second.
 Wow, they wouldn't be allowed near that wine tap, would they?
 That's the very definition of alcoholic and loud.
 Oh my god, that Shang Dynasty lake would be drained.
 Just to clarify very quickly, it is obviously the trunk is not the bit that they drink through.
 The trunk is basically a storage unit, isn't it?
 It's where they suck up and they can hold the content in and then they pass it through
 to their mouth.
 But recently there's new research which was published in the Journal of the Royal Society
 Interface which found that when they suck up, either drink or when they're trying to
 eat food, that the suction is so great that they can inhale air at 330 miles per hour.
 That's ridiculous.
 But I still think in a downing contest, I don't mean to quibble but that doesn't count.
 This is like me taking part in a downing competition, pouring my 5 pints into a big bucket next
 to me and going I win, oh yeah, I'm just going to drink them later.
 No.
 It's like you're taking 5 pints and snorting them up your nose and then dribbling it out
 of your nose into your mouth later, which I must admit, I have seen you do that.
 I really like it.
 Did you say the Royal Society Interface then?
 Yes.
 Because it is literally about something going into a face.
 Oh, it is.
 It's very true.
 Just to contextualize that speed, 330 miles per hour, that is faster than a Japanese bullet
 train travels.
 It's incredibly fast.
 In the article, they say that it's 30 times faster than a human sneeze.
 It's a picture because that feels like that's the speed of light when you do that.
 It's 30 times that.
 This speed of sucking water, I found is six times faster than the world's fastest waterslide.
 And then I got right back onto waterslides again from the other week because the world
 record fastest speed ever on a waterslide is 57 miles per hour.
 And it was done in 2009 by a guy called Jens Scherer, who is a German advertising executive.
 And according to this article in "Outside Magazine" and nowhere else on the internet
 as far as I can find it, there's a thing in Germany called speed shooting where you have
 to go down a watershoe as quickly as you possibly can.
 And this journalist met up with Jens Scherer and tried to work out how to do it.
 And apparently the trick is you isolate a couple of muscles in your stomach and you
 really work on them.
 And then you have to minimise the surface area of your skin on the watershoots.
 So the way you do it is you have your shoulder blades on the shoot and just one heel that
 goes on the shoot.
 And there's only three points that are touching the watershoots and it makes you fly down
 really, really, really fast.
 You also have the cannonballs.
 And these are the really fat shooters who, according to Scherer, have no technique, just
 stomachs.
 I know which method I prefer.
 I'd rather overeat for a year and win that contest.
 Well, you know, Scherer, he takes this really seriously.
 He was very, very small speedos because he thinks that skin is the fastest way of doing
 it, just human skin.
 But he has tried other things.
 He's tried covering himself in soap, in oil, in wax, in a special hydrophobic gel.
 He covered himself in to see if he could go faster.
 And he also used a type of cream used to tenderise the udders of dairy cows to make himself
 go faster on watershoots.
 But apparently...
 Wait, hang on.
 You said he was an advertising executive.
 How has he got access to the cream that he used to lubricate the udders of dairy cows?
 Well, where have you used advertising that?
 I don't know.
 Good point.
 Yep.
 Very good point.
 Stacks up.
 I always see big poster ad campaigns for cow udder lubrication cream.
 I cannot believe you've used this Elephant Trunk fact as an excuse to use all your unused
 research from last week.
 I know.
 You've just sort of stuck a time tunnel three weeks back into the past.
 I promise you, I found this all brand new stuff this week.
 I was absolutely devastated I didn't find it three weeks ago.
 I do think that a waterslide that was called the Elephant's Trunk that involved firing
 you up a slide incredibly fast is a good idea if anyone is out there wanting to...
 A reverse waterslide?
 Yeah.
 Firing it, yeah.
 But is there blow?
 Do you think it sucks up it?
 Oh, yeah.
 Nice.
 So, do you start in the pool?
 Everyone's in the pool and you don't know one random person every minute is going to
 get sucked back up the tube to the very top.
 Yeah.
 And you don't know who it's going to be.
 That's stressful.
 And then do you have to walk down?
 Yes.
 You have to queue down the steps for ages at the end.
 So, one thing elephants do with their trunks is to touch each other's genitals to comfort
 each other.
 If one of their friends is distressed, they will just kind of cop a feel or the alternative
 thing they do is to put their trunk in their friend's mouth to sort of stick it in there.
 And that's another way of calming them down.
 Yeah.
 We should start trying that.
 We used to carry that feather, wasn't it, to tickle the genitals of his friends?
 You can't be unhappy when you're laughing.
 Apparently, they also use it to pinch their parents' genitals sometimes to get their attention.
 I read somewhere there's an archive of African elephants' trunk uses and there are more than
 250 separate uses for their trunks.
 No.
 Which sounds like one of those, you know, difficult interview questions.
 How many uses can you think of for a trunk?
 But one of them was named as kids getting their mum's attention by pinching her genitals.
 Or dad.
 Wow.
 Wow.
 Do you know how you take an elephant's temperature?
 Sounds like the start of a joke.
 Yeah.
 The bum-bum.
 Tickle its genitals.
 So it is a thermometer and it is up the bum, but weirdly, the thermometer is a normal sized
 one.
 Oh.
 Because you'd think it would be a comical oversized elephant one.
 You'd think it wouldn't touch the sides, would you?
 Yeah.
 Exactly.
 But you've got to keep your arm there for four minutes and it could be really important
 to assess the elephant's health as well.
 Right.
 But that's a long time.
 Yeah.
 Have we then been using unnecessarily large thermometers?
 That's a great point.
 That does imply that humans should be able to use one the size of a blade of grass.
 Yeah.
 You're absolutely right.
 It does.
 It doesn't matter.
 Elephant no such thing as a fish podcast where they're going, "Do you know humans use thermometers
 the same size as us?"
 It's not that.
 Because you'd think they'd be the size of a little drawing fin.
 It would be the equivalent of me shoving a telegraph pole up my arse.
 But people have been studying this since 1936.
 I found a scientific paper on elephant body temperatures which said the method used in
 India is to have a Mahut, an elephant keeper, holding a thermometer in his hand, insert
 his well-lubricated arm into the capacious rectum after first removing several of the
 huge balls of feces.
 I think, by the way, if we call out James for having used waterslide material, we have
 to call Andy up for using thermometric material about six weeks ago.
 Female Asian elephants have exactly the same sex pheromones as moths.
 Do they ever get confused?
 That must mean there's some very confusing couplings.
 Yeah.
 You wouldn't think so, right?
 It would be a surprisingly heavy knock at the door, the moth looks up.
 The other way round, I guess, right?
 This is in a brilliant book by Tristan Wyatt.
 He actually says in his book, "Apart from the mating difficulties should they try, male
 moths are unlikely to be attracted to female elephants."
 The reason being that actually a moth pheromone is usually a couple of different pheromones
 together, one of which is this elephant pheromone.
 But without the secondary pheromone, you're probably not.
 You're going to think that the elephant is a bit like a sexy moth, but not exactly like
 a sexy moth.
 Is that the only thing that's holding them back?
 If they're that stupid, they would genuinely get confused.
 Well, I'm just thinking, if a normal tiny thermometer works in an elephant's anus, there
 may be a moth penis works in an elephant vagina.
 It's the ultimate, you don't look like your Tinder profile picture.
 God, imagine the crossbreed.
 So these elephants can down five pints in under a second.
 What do you think is the fastest time that a human can down a pint of liquid?
 A pint of liquid.
 I mean, you see these people drinking a pint, don't you, where they just open their throat
 and it just goes.
 Five seconds, I would say.
 Five seconds is done.
 You've seen me.
 You've seen me do it in less than that.
 One, one, one second, one point, two seconds.
 Five seconds is like average first point drinking time.
 Last order's at the bar.
 Last order.
 Oh, another one.
 I'll say two seconds.
 Well, yeah, it's in between those two.
 It's 1.75 seconds.
 And this was achieved by Tim Cocker, who was a DJ for XFM and is now a DJ for Virgin Radio.
 And I spoke to Mr. Cocker about this and asked him a few questions about his amazing skill
 at being able to down drinks.
 So he reckons it was 1.75 seconds and it was done on this breakfast show that he was presenting.
 But the time began from when he picked up the glass and it stopped when he put the glass
 down.
 So actually he did it much quicker than that.
 So Anna's 1.2 second or one second might be quite close, I think.
 And I asked him how he discovered the skill.
 He said it was during a drinking game at Exeter University when he was just doing that and
 suddenly everyone turned around and went, "What the hell has just happened over there?"
 But he could literally, if he was on a night out, walk through a bar, pass a table and
 say to someone with a full pint, "Hey, what an amazing painting on the wall."
 They'd turn around for two seconds, turn back, and there's just an empty pint glass
 and he walks to the next table.
 He said, "Oh, England have just kicked a goal."
 They turn.
 Boom.
 They have a whole night in 30 seconds.
 What pubs are you going to where you say, "That's a nice painting on the wall for clubs?"
 Well, here's an interesting thing.
 The study that I was talking about for this fact, when they were looking into elephants
 sucking in all of this liquid into their trunk in such speeds, they found that more liquid
 was going into the trunk than was available in terms of space that the trunk had.
 Just way more liquid.
 And they're going, "What's going on there?"
 So they did an ultrasound on an elephant as it was drinking the liquid and they found
 that the elephant was dilating the nostrils inside the trunk and they were expanding it
 to a total volume of up to 64%.
 So its trunk gets bigger as it drinks.
 Exactly.
 And I'm wondering if your buddy there is expanding his throat to a much larger size to allow for
 it to just go down like pouring a pint into a well basically.
 Maybe.
 Yeah.
 Maybe.
 Do you think it looks like a giant Adam's apple just sort of appears and then disappears
 and they're doing it then?
 He's not a cartoon character guys, he's a suspected DJ.
 I have another food record or two or consumption, rate of consumption record.
 There was a story that broke quite recently and it was that during lockdown a man called
 Declan Evans from Lincoln broke the world record for the fastest time to drink a Capri
 Sun.
 Now they're probably only around 250 milliliters or 3 milliliters or something like that.
 So half the size I reckon.
 Yeah.
 And you're drinking through a straw, aren't you, as well?
 Well, this is the problem.
 The rules are very stringent.
 You need to drink an unmodified 200 mil Capri Sun pouch.
 The straw still has to be not only stuck to the side but also still in the plastic.
 So it's actually, the record for drinking a Capri Sun is much longer than the record
 for drinking a pint.
 It's like by an order of 10.
 Wow.
 By an order of magnitude.
 Yeah.
 So the rules.
 More than 10 seconds, really?
 Yeah.
 So he broke it.
 It actually got re-broken within a month by a lady called Leah Schuttkiver who managed
 it in 15.71 seconds.
 That I believe is the current world record.
 Really?
 The rules are so strict though.
 Listen to this.
 The two and a half millilitres may still be found in the pouch after it is normally drunk.
 Once the attempt has ended, the contents of the pouch must be poured into a 2.5 mil measuring
 spoon and you're filming all of this.
 If any liquid overflows, the attempt will be disqualified.
 Yeah.
 That's...
 It's strict.
 That's very strict.
 How crazy that the rules are more strict than posting an eagle to the National Eagle
 for a positive treatment.
 I'm on that Shriverland, Andy.
 At Andrew Hunter M.
 James.
 At James Harkin.
 And Anna.
 You can email podcast@qi.com.
 Yep.
 You can go to our group account at no such thing or go to our website.
 No such thing as a fish.com.
 It is booming on there at the moment.
 All of our previous episodes were up there.
 We've got a massive tour coming up later this year.
 Check them out.
 See if we're coming to your town.
 Do come along.
 We have an amazing time on tour and we'd love to see you there.
 We also have a link to our merch.
 There's all the stuff you need from us.
 You can even see our faces there.
 Check them out.
 They look nice.
 Okay.
 We'll be back again next week with another episode.
 We'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 [music]
 [music]
 [music]
 [music]
 [music]
 [music]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
