 (upbeat music)
 - Hello and welcome to another episode
 of "No Such Thing as a Fish,"
 a weekly podcast this week coming to you live
 from Nottingham!
 (audience cheering)
 (audience cheering)
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I am sitting here with Anna Tyshinski,
 Andrew Hunter Murray, and James Harkin.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days.
 And in a particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, and that is Anna.
 - My fact this week is that in 2015,
 paramedics in Australia stopped asking patients
 to name the Prime Minister as a test of mental capacity.
 (audience laughing)
 'Cause the answer changes so often,
 it's no longer considered a reliable indicator.
 (audience laughing)
 - That's amazing.
 - It's absolutely, and it's true, isn't it?
 Australia is constantly trading its PM.
 In fact, there's a Twitter account which is called @WhoIsPM,
 where it gives basically half-hourly updates
 going, "It's still Scott Morrison."
 - So what you're saying is if you're in some kind of problem,
 the paramedics come along, you have to go,
 "I'm just gonna need to go on Twitter really quick."
 - They did say, I think the reason,
 the particular paramedic who was interviewed,
 and the article I read this in,
 the reason that he said he stopped doing it
 was because he'd actually had a patient
 whom he'd asked, "Who's the Prime Minister?"
 And they just said, "I don't know,
 "I haven't watched the news today."
 So.
 - Very nice.
 - That's a strong answer, isn't it?
 - I didn't really know how crazy Australia,
 I don't know anything about Australian politics
 before this.
 - So just to clarify it,
 there's this big thing of ousting your predecessor.
 So in 2010, Julia Gillard ousted Kevin Rudd,
 and that was really exciting after only three years.
 But then in 2013, Julia Gillard was ousted, guess who, by?
 By Kevin Rudd.
 - Yeah.
 - Then in 2015, Malcolm Turnbull ousted Tony Abbott,
 then Turnbull stayed on.
 And basically, there are so many PMs specifically
 in that short period.
 - Yeah, it was five PMs in five years
 if you count Rudd twice.
 - Which you could, 'cause many people say
 he's sort of got two different personalities.
 - Ooh, wow, wow, super.
 - What's amazing is none of us in this room
 really know anything about him, but we all oued anyway.
 - It could have been worse, it could be worse.
 If you're in Nepal, for instance,
 and you get caught in an accident,
 since they became a democracy in 1951,
 they've had 53 changes of government.
 - Right, that's a lot.
 - That's a lot.
 - Yeah, that stuff.
 Although if Australia kept up its won a year,
 which it hasn't actually since 2015,
 but you know, it would be beating Nepal.
 - Who is the current Prime Minister?
 - So that's Scott Morrison now.
 It was Malcolm Turnbull.
 So they've had six and seven years,
 which is quite good, five and five years.
 - So Scott Morrison, is he the one
 who shit himself in McDonald's?
 - Sorry?
 - What?
 - Not familiar with this?
 - I'm not sure.
 - I think that's what he's most famous for, isn't he?
 - I don't know if that's what he's most famous for
 in Australia, the country where he's Prime Minister.
 - He's Australian, I don't know.
 Every time, literally every time he goes on television,
 he says, "Oh, I'm gonna be on ABC tonight,"
 and someone replies, "Tell us about the time
 "you shit yourself in McDonald's."
 - He's the Australian Paula Radcliffe.
 Is that what we're saying?
 - Yeah.
 Well, he is running a lot for Prime-
 - Hey!
 - Come on, guys.
 - Top crowd tonight.
 - Wow.
 - Aussie politics, it's just a bit more earthy and rude,
 isn't it?
 Genuinely, genuinely it is.
 It's quite, the stuff they say in Parliament
 is also really rude.
 So I looked up unparliamentary language
 from the Australian Parliament.
 And there is a lot, but there is a lot,
 especially if you include all the regional assemblies
 and things like that, list of things.
 I mean, they call each other nitwit, knucklehead, muppet.
 - That's not that bad.
 - These are a bit mild, yeah, yeah.
 My question is to the village idiot, that was one.
 - And they all answered.
 - Well, there's more.
 In 1994, one member of the Victoria House
 said to another one,
 "What is the difference between you and a bucket of shit?"
 And the speaker rightly said, that's unparliamentary language,
 and he said, "I withdraw bucket."
 - Wow!
 - It's had a long history of it.
 Every Australian PM has an offensive nickname.
 The first Australian Prime Minister was called Toby Tosspot.
 - Really?
 - They named that pretty much straight away, yeah.
 He was Edmund Barton, and it was turn of the 20th century.
 And Tosspot then was a term for someone who drank too much.
 And Toby was just what people were called in.
 - Like you toss a pot back.
 - He could toss a pot back.
 - Toss a pot, 'cause a pot.
 - QI, when I first joined QI,
 and I'm an Aussie, I should say, technically.
 - I wonder what village is missing there, idiot.
 (audience laughs)
 - I am Aussie.
 My dad's Aussie, and my grandmother's Aussie,
 and I lived there for my whole high school years.
 And when I moved to England, I moved to Oxford,
 where I didn't go to university,
 but QI was set up there,
 and there's a pub called the Turf Tavern.
 And in the Turf Tavern on the wall,
 one of our Prime Ministers has an award,
 a Guinness World Record, Bob Hawke,
 for downing the quickest yard of ale
 that anyone has ever done.
 It was in 1954, it was two and a half pints,
 he did in 11 seconds.
 It's since been beaten, but for the rest of his life,
 Bob Hawke, whenever he went to like cricket matches,
 people would give him a big pint to be like,
 oh, this is like a 70 year old man,
 and he'd fucking down it, and such a champ.
 - I think my favourite Australian Prime Minister,
 sorry, but was Tony Abbott,
 who was in opposition when I lived there,
 and he's an entertaining man.
 So he's very right wing Tony Abbott.
 He's done some wacky shit, so every Australian knows this,
 but it is worth watching if you haven't seen it.
 He went to visit an onion farm in Tasmania,
 or an onion seller, a big onion selling company,
 and the cameras were on,
 and he was like, God, I won't do the accent.
 God, your produce is so great,
 grabbed an onion, skin on, and just bit straight into it.
 (audience laughing)
 Just chowed right down, was asked afterwards
 what he was doing.
 He said, people eat raw onion all the time.
 It's fine, salads, whatever.
 The skin wasn't on, the skin was on.
 It's very clearly on.
 - Wow.
 - And then he did it again.
 A couple of months later,
 someone sent him a promotional pack of onions.
 He bit down on one again,
 then footage was on Earth of him eating a raw spring onion.
 The man's got a problem.
 - All spring onions are eaten raw in salads, aren't they?
 - Just on its own, from the floppy end.
 I mean, I think that's weird.
 - I remember that.
 - That is weird.
 (audience laughing)
 - I remember reading once that if you hold your nose
 and you bite an onion,
 then you won't be able to, it'll taste like an apple.
 And I tried that and it is not true.
 (audience laughing)
 - Maybe that's what he was testing out.
 - The first woman to be elected in Australia
 was someone called Edith Cowan,
 and she was, she won a seat in West Perth in 1921.
 But she had to go home whenever she needed the toilet
 'cause there was no female toilets.
 - Oh, wow.
 - Or to McDonald's and shit herself,
 I suppose it's possible.
 (audience laughing)
 - Did she live nearby?
 - Yeah, she lived around the corner.
 - But even so.
 I don't, I'm not so, I'm not so...
 (audience laughing)
 She lived nearby, fine.
 There was one really cool thing in 2013,
 that was an election in Australia,
 as there were most years around then apparently,
 or oustings anyway.
 The voting booths came with magnifying glasses.
 - Oh yeah.
 - Because there were 50 parties on the ballot paper.
 - Wow, wow.
 - There were so many parties
 that you had to be able to zoom in.
 So it's for, yeah.
 - Wow.
 - I know.
 - Was that the election where,
 I think it was the lead up to that election,
 where they postponed the Prime Ministerial Debate,
 so much like us in Australia,
 they have the incumbent or the two candidates
 who are going to be Prime Minister before an election,
 go up in debates, various television debates.
 And the last one, it's a massive deal.
 And it's the first time ever,
 they moved it an hour forward, I think,
 because MasterChef was on.
 (audience laughing)
 - Wow.
 - Really, oh, it's big in Australia, yeah.
 - It's good.
 - Do you like it? - MasterChef is good, yeah.
 - That is pretty good.
 - And they are better than the British MasterChef people.
 - Supposedly, the, oh, wow.
 Supposedly, the worst Prime Minister that has ever been
 in Australia is Billy McMahon.
 He had a bald pointy head with big ears,
 and one opponent said he looked like a Volkswagen
 with both doors open.
 (audience laughing)
 He wasn't liked by even the people in his own cabinet.
 There was one guy who he worked with called Paul Hasluck,
 who referred to him as that treacherous bastard.
 (audience laughing)
 And the guy who was writing his potential autobiography
 said that he is a third-rate politician
 and that he could become PM.
 It is a damning indictment on the country.
 Heart Troops lies, cheaper tracks.
 What an unpleasant little turd.
 (audience laughing)
 - Another, actually, Prime Minister
 who's considered writing a book,
 but apparently didn't get round to it,
 is Malcolm Turnbull, who's the last Prime Minister but one.
 And he considered finishing off
 his mother's raunchy novel.
 (audience laughing)
 - Wow.
 - He actually, Malcolm Turnbull had kind of a sad childhood.
 He was very close to his dad,
 who tragically died in a plane crash when he was quite young,
 but his mother was this academic
 who'd run away with another man.
 And she went to America,
 and while in America, so she was called something Lansbury,
 and she was a cousin of Angela Lansbury.
 And while she was in America, Angela Lansbury said to her,
 "Mate, you gotta stop writing this dry,
 "boring academic stuff and start writing some fun shit."
 - Wait, so Angela, she's, is she murder she wrote?
 - Do you know Angela Lansbury, right?
 Yeah, murder she wrote.
 And anyway, yeah, she wrote a few raunchy novels,
 which sold quite well.
 And then she died halfway through writing a novel called
 Opium, exclamation mark.
 (audience laughing)
 - Sounds like a musical.
 - It does, it does.
 - Quite a sleepy musical.
 - Well, I think her son might still be working on it.
 So now he's out of office.
 Maybe we'll get Opium, finally.
 - Malcolm Turnbull's podcast,
 "My Mum Wrote a Porno," is gonna be...
 (audience laughing)
 Stone Cold Hit, I think.
 - On the test that you can get from people,
 from paramedics, or another one is like,
 if you've been in a crash and they wanna check
 if you've been drinking, right?
 There was a thing with Tiger Woods a few months ago.
 Do you remember he was in a car crash,
 and they wanted to check if he'd been drinking?
 And so they said to him,
 "Okay, Tiger, what you need to do
 "is you need to say the alphabet forwards, not backwards.
 "You need to say the alphabet forwards,
 "and you're not allowed to sing it.
 "So, Tiger, do you know what you have to do?"
 And he said, "Yes, I have to not sing
 "the national anthem backwards."
 (audience laughing)
 - Queen Gracious, save, oh, God.
 - You know he's American.
 - Yep, cool.
 (audience laughing)
 - All right, we need to move on.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two,
 and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that three people
 were recently hospitalized
 after being hit by an iceberg at a Titanic Museum.
 (audience laughing)
 So this is the Titanic Museum attraction,
 which is in Pigeon Forge, Tennessee,
 and they have this giant ice wall
 inside of the attraction,
 and it's 15 foot by 28 foot,
 and it's sort of, it is actual real ice,
 so visitors can actually touch it,
 and it's grown using a sort of water filtration system,
 and the whole thing just cracked and smashed down,
 and it hurt people, and they were hospitalized,
 but I think-- - But they survived.
 - They survived. - Yeah, as in you're saying,
 the hearts will go on.
 (audience laughing)
 - But yeah, I think it's time we don't put any ice
 near things called Titanic.
 - Yeah.
 - It feels like, 'cause it happens a lot, doesn't it?
 It's not just-- - I don't know how,
 it's happened twice. - Oh, my God.
 It's happened more than twice,
 famously the first time it happened.
 We've all heard of that one.
 2008, Carnegie Science Center,
 there was a Titanic exhibit that was in Pittsburgh.
 They had to temporarily close due to flooding,
 so that stopped them.
 There was a Titanic musical, which was in Southampton,
 which had to be stopped after the replica Titanic
 hit the iceberg, and plastic fell off the wall.
 That was the actual iceberg. - Oh, my goodness.
 - Yeah, and everyone, all the audience,
 thought, "Wow, that's an amazing effect,"
 but then the crew ran out going,
 "Stop the show!" (audience laughing)
 I read, and like, I haven't actually confirmed this,
 but there was another Titanic musical incident
 where a burst pipe just exploded
 across the first three rows of the audience,
 and everyone left angrily, and one person went,
 "Wow, we truly experienced the sinking of the Titanic."
 (audience laughing)
 - Need to confirm that one. - Makes you think.
 - Wow. - Nice one.
 You can really empathize with those figures from history.
 Well, there was even in 1898,
 a Titan ship that hit an iceberg and sank,
 which was a fictional ship, but a novel was written.
 In 1898, by a guy called Morgan Robertson,
 it was called "Futility,"
 starring a ship called Titan,
 and it had been built in Britain.
 It was sailing to America.
 It was going too fast, hits an iceberg,
 not enough lifeboats, half the crew die.
 - Yeah, gosh. - In 1898.
 - Very depressing. - There are a few details
 that are slightly different.
 It also involves in the plot,
 the boat cuts another boat in half
 while plowing through to the iceberg,
 and yeah, it just cuts one in half.
 It's about this massive boat that's so huge
 it leaves other boats in its midst.
 It's sort of like a monster boat.
 And then when it crashes,
 the hero almost goes down with the ship,
 but thankfully he survives.
 I believe ends up on the iceberg
 and manages to rescue the young child
 of the woman he fancies from a polar bear
 who's trying to eat him.
 - Oh, okay. - So...
 - So some of it is also...
 Yeah, that's close, yeah, yeah.
 - Apparently the V&A Museum,
 they did a Titanic exhibit,
 and apparently this book, "Titan,"
 was on the Titanic as part of the reading library.
 - Apparently. - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - Just quickly on Titanic.
 So it was called the RMS Titanic.
 Do you know what RMS stands for?
 - Royal Mail... No.
 - It's Royal Mail Steamer, okay?
 'Cause it was a postal ship as well.
 There were 3,000 bags of post on board,
 but the postal workers,
 when they found out that the ship was flooding,
 they tried moving 200 sacks of registered mail
 to the upper decks of the ship.
 - Oh, really?
 - They forced several stewards to help them,
 saying, "Look, this is the registered stuff.
 "This is important."
 They were told not to bother, but they kept going.
 - I always get confused about when a disaster's happening.
 If there's staff members work in a place,
 they're like dedicated to their job,
 to the point of like,
 "We've got to play the music till the ship goes down.
 "We've got to bring the mail up."
 Guys, if there's a fire here tonight,
 I'm fucking off straight away, right?
 I am not being like, "Get the audience out!"
 No.
 - Do you guys know about Clive Palmer's
 giant Titanic replica, right?
 Clive Palmer is an Australian billionaire.
 He's an Australian billionaire.
 He's an eccentric.
 He wants to make Titanic too,
 and he's been promising it for ages,
 and it will be a cruise ship by his company,
 the Blue Star Line,
 and it will take the same route as Titanic.
 I mean, I don't know why he thinks people would go on this,
 but then it's completely recreated inside,
 and he's been promising it for a long time,
 and sort of the project keeps having various issues.
 Anyway, it's been moved to Europe.
 The project was gonna be based in Britain,
 because of Brexit, I'm afraid.
 It's now based in France,
 and the, yeah, well,
 if you want Titanic too, don't leave the EU.
 - If only that was on the side of a bus.
 - Unfortunately, it was painted on the side
 of an enormous ship, which then sank.
 (audience laughing)
 But the project director in Europe
 is the director of this whole Titanic project,
 is his nephew, who's called Clive Mencink.
 - Wow, really?
 - Yeah, it's doomed.
 - Some other stuff on other weird things
 that have happened in museums.
 - Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - This was in Denmark.
 I was reading about an artist called Jens Haening,
 and what they did was they commissioned him to do this work.
 They were gonna give him 534,000 kroner,
 and what he was gonna do,
 he was gonna put it in a huge sort of art installation,
 and it would be a picture of something.
 They didn't know what it was gonna be,
 and that was the average amount of money
 that a Danish person earns in a year.
 Anyway, so he went away,
 and then he came back with a complete empty canvas,
 and it was an artwork that he called Take the Money and Run.
 (audience laughing)
 - So good.
 - Did they take that in the good human spirit,
 which he hoped they would?
 - The guy who runs a museum said,
 "He stirred up my curatorial staff,
 "and he also stirred me up a bit,
 "but I also had a laugh 'cause it was really humoristic."
 But then he did say that he needs to pay the money back.
 (audience laughing)
 - I really like incidents of museums,
 you just, you know, making flubs and blunders
 and accidentally ruining exhibits and things like that.
 So the National History Museum,
 they released a list of their incidents in 2009.
 One of them, slightly shortly before that,
 was there were these things called conodonts,
 which are their extinct eel-like creatures, okay?
 They had 22 of them,
 and they were accidentally knocked over and then hoovered up.
 (audience laughing)
 Which I just, I like.
 - Did they retrieve them from the back?
 - No, I don't think so.
 - Why? - Oh, shit.
 - Well, I think they were ruined
 in the process of being hoovered up.
 I think that's not--
 - Oh, they're just a bit fluffy.
 - Yeah, exactly. - Sorry.
 - Just wipe that off. (laughing)
 - There was, there was an art gallery
 that had a exhibition,
 I can't remember, I can't remember what it was,
 but it was an exhibition that showed lots of like,
 remnants from a party,
 kind of cigarette butts and empty beer bottles
 and, you know, stuff strewn around,
 and the cleaner cleaned it all up in the morning.
 - Yeah, that happens a bunch, yeah.
 Like Damien Hirst had one where the garbage was carried.
 There was one where there was a garbage bag,
 and they took it away and they apologized,
 and he was like, "That's fine."
 He just gave another garbage bag.
 - Yeah, I'm sure I must have said it on here before,
 but the time I went to an art gallery in Barcelona,
 and there was someone collapsed in the corner,
 and I ran to the front and said,
 "Oh, does someone collapse in the corner of that room?"
 And they went, "No sir, that is part of the exhibit."
 (laughing)
 And it was just a doll,
 and I said, "Oh, that must happen all the time."
 And he went, "Nope."
 (laughing)
 - It happens so much,
 but it does happen with specific works of art,
 like either someone collapsed
 or just something that is designed to look like rubbish.
 So there was a, in 2011 there was an artwork
 which featured a bathtub
 with a sort of thick, scummy line around the inside,
 and that was scrubbed by an overzealous
 member of cleaning staff.
 - Did she not wonder why there was a bath
 in the middle of the gallery?
 - Exactly, I think that's a fair cop, actually.
 But there's an article called Joseph Buys,
 B-E-U-Y-S, Buys, who had not Buys.
 What a fun, oh, I mean, never stop saying that name.
 - It's all about the Buys.
 (laughing)
 - He had an artwork which was a grease stain,
 and that was unsurprisingly scrubbed.
 And it wasn't the first time it had happened to him.
 He also had a baby bathtub in 1973 on display,
 which was wrapped in gauze and bandages.
 So baby bathtub wrapped up.
 Anyway, two cleaners just took it to wash the dishes in,
 'cause they thought this cannot possibly be a work of art.
 - Oh, really?
 - Yeah.
 - I feel like all the stories involved cleaners
 fucking stuff up, and we need to maybe--
 - A lot of blame on the cleaners,
 a lot of blame on the cleaners, yeah.
 - Yeah, we need to have a conversation
 with the cleaners at museums saying,
 you see all the random fucking shit here?
 It's meant to be easier if you're at
 the National Portrait Gallery, isn't it?
 It's much, much easier to tell what's art
 and what isn't at the National Portrait Gallery.
 - That's true.
 - 'Cause it's a portrait.
 - Exactly.
 - You're not gonna see a picture of someone's face
 and go, I'm just gonna rub that off.
 - Yeah, exactly, yeah.
 - Just gonna get rid of Rembrandt's mole.
 Hang on.
 - Macron, the president of France,
 he did a report in 2018,
 and he found that 90 to 95% of Sub-Saharan Africa's
 cultural heritage was held in museums outside of Africa, okay?
 So pretty much all of it's been taken out of Africa.
 And so there's a guy called Mwazulu Diabanza,
 who is an artist, and he's decided
 he's just gonna go to museums and steal it back.
 - Cool.
 - And so he basically goes around.
 So he goes around all these museums in France,
 and he'll just kind of walk in and see,
 oh, there's an ivory spear there that was from Congo,
 and he'll just go in and walk out and walk straight out with it.
 Occasionally, he did want to steal a sculpture
 that was actually from Indonesia.
 - Okay, right.
 - There was a bit of a mistake,
 but obviously he's been arrested from time to time.
 But this lawyer said, I don't know of any thief
 who turns up to a museum and says, film me.
 And then, having been filmed stealing the article,
 puts it back.
 So he doesn't put it back afterwards.
 - Oh, well that doesn't work out.
 - I thought he was like a reverse Indiana Jones, you know?
 That doesn't belong in a museum.
 That's the line from the third film, it doesn't matter.
 - And then what is he chasing after a massive ball?
 - He, yeah, that's right.
 He actually, he puts his hat into a room
 just as there's a wall about to crush him.
 Yeah, it's very exciting.
 - Just on injuries in museums, which this is about,
 there's a man who's suing Melbourne Science Works,
 Science Museum in Melbourne,
 for an exhibit they have where they have
 a virtual sprinter, Kathy Freeman,
 Olympic medal-winning sprinter,
 and they encourage you to race against her
 on a 10-meter track.
 And what they have done is they've put the 10-meter track
 immediately in front of a wall, a quite solid wall.
 (audience laughing)
 And he's suing them because he's broken two vertebrae,
 another bone and a rib,
 and lost the feeling in his arms and hand
 because he ran headlong into a wall.
 - Oh my God.
 There's a French museum that was gonna hold an exhibition
 about Genghis Khan and the Mongol Empire.
 But they were told by the Chinese government
 that they could only have the stuff
 if they didn't mention the words empire, Mongol, Genghis,
 or Khan.
 (audience laughing)
 - All right, we need to move on to our next fact of the show,
 and that is fact number three, and that is Andy.
 - My fact is that there are nine hammocks on the moon.
 - Who's using them?
 - Also, like no trees.
 - Yes, what a good point.
 There are nine tragically unopened hammocks on the moon.
 This is from a book called "An Answer for Everything."
 One of the pages is about everything there is on the moon.
 One of the things is, loads and loads of hammocks
 because Apollo 11, the first man landing on the moon,
 they slept really badly, they slept appallingly,
 and they just got a terrible night's sleep
 when they were there.
 - Well, it was sort of, so yeah, they were in the lander
 and they didn't really think of that,
 and it's so crowded, so Buzz Aldrin, I think,
 was basically laying on the floor as if he was just,
 you know, like you would if you were drunk
 and you got home and couldn't find the bed.
 That was him, and they thought we need to sort that.
 - Yeah, absolutely, so they, when Apollo 12 to 17
 flew with more man missions to the moon,
 they had these specially designed lunar hammocks
 that would go in the lander, and when you come back,
 you can't bring all your stuff with you,
 so they just left the hammocks behind.
 - And so, yeah, and it's amazing to think about it
 because they would land on the moon,
 and then they would set their hammocks up
 in a sort of X shape, so one lower and one above,
 and that's, they would just lay in it and just--
 - And this is not on the moon, we should say,
 this is inside the lander, right?
 - Inside the lander on the moon, though.
 That is how they slept, like they were on
 some sort of desert island, but the problem was,
 and the problem for a lot of these missions was
 the adrenaline is so great, you're on the fucking moon,
 you're not going to sleep, right?
 - Well, so--
 - And when Armstrong and Aldrin landed,
 they were scheduled to have a nap.
 - Yeah.
 - And the mission control said, right, you're on the moon,
 off to bed you go, and they said, absolutely not.
 We would like to go on to the moon now, please.
 - You know how, like, at nighttime, the moon comes out?
 If you're on the moon, does it always kind of
 feel like nighttime, or--
 - Good question.
 - Do you think you'd just be really sleepy
 the whole time?
 - I think I would, yeah, just naturally.
 - Apollo 14, unfortunately, where they landed
 with Apollo 14 was on a seven degree slant,
 so the lander was just slightly tipping,
 which freaked the shit out of the astronauts inside,
 so they couldn't get to sleep,
 because any time they heard a noise,
 they thought we're about to tip over,
 and you can read the actual transcripts
 of what they were chatting about, so one transcript goes,
 and this is while they were trying to sleep, I think,
 they go, Ed, did you hear that?
 He goes, hell yes, I heard that.
 What the hell was that?
 I don't know.
 Ed, what?
 Why the hell are we whispering?
 (audience laughing)
 But they couldn't go to sleep, they were so worried about,
 so that didn't happen, and then slowly Apollo 15,
 and 16, it got better and better.
 - I think mainly they had to make it better
 for Apollo 15, because that was the first time
 they'd stayed on the moon any length of time
 that required sleep, they were there for three nights,
 and they had to do proper stuff on the moon,
 like collect loads of samples, and drive,
 you can't drive when you're sleep deprived.
 It was the first time they had a car on the moon,
 and so they got proper hammocks,
 and I think they solved it
 by basically letting them take their space suits off, right?
 It was the first time that they'd allowed them
 to go back into the lunar lander and actually strip down
 so that you can adopt a comfortable position.
 - And I suppose the reason that the hammocks are on the moon
 is because you need to get rid of all your stuff
 when you're gonna take off again,
 'cause it needs to be as light as possible, right?
 - Exactly, yeah.
 - So I was speaking to this morning
 to someone called Beth O'Leary,
 who pretty much invented something called space archeology,
 she's a scientist, and she said that basically
 when Apollo 11 came down at least,
 for about eight minutes, Buzz Aldrin and Neil Armstrong
 stood on the corner of their lunar module
 and just threw anything out that they didn't need.
 They just threw it all out, we don't need this,
 we don't need that, we don't need the other.
 - That's a steering wheel, Buzz, I'll get it.
 I'm sorry, I think I heard Miss Ellis.
 - In archeology, apparently that is called a toss zone.
 - It's 'cause they fill the thing with rocks, right?
 - Yes, yes. - So weird going,
 dumping all the useful stuff and just filling it up
 with rocks for the way back, but...
 - They did leave some things,
 which now NASA would like to look at,
 but NASA would only like to look at them
 because they left them there, if you see what I mean.
 So bags of poo, basically. - Yes.
 - Bags of poo, urine, and vomit.
 There are 96 bags of all of this stuff
 on the surface of the moon still today,
 and NASA is fascinated to know what's happened
 biologically with them and what has lasted
 and what hasn't and what they could tell from it.
 And so if they go back to the moon,
 if there's another crewed mission to the moon coming up soon,
 it is possible that one of their jobs
 will be finding bags of poo,
 just doing a pooper scoop on the moon.
 - The truth is that it's not just that,
 it's everything that they left there.
 They want it to be like kept as it is, right?
 Because let's say Elon Musk goes up there
 for a party or something.
 What they don't want is him kind of knocking over
 all the flags and all the poo and all the hammocks and stuff.
 They want it all to be as it is.
 And so this year, actually the 31st of December last year,
 the US enacted the One Small Step
 to Protect Human Heritage and Space Act,
 which made it illegal to touch anything on the moon
 that the humans have left there.
 And it was really, really controversial
 because by law, no one owns the moon,
 no one owns any of the land on there,
 but America owns the objects that are on the land.
 And so it was really dodgy.
 The Soviets, sorry, the Russians really didn't want.
 (LAUGHTER)
 I think you've made your allegiances very clear there, James.
 (LAUGHTER)
 But they didn't really want the Americans to have this kind of law
 saying no one can touch this area because, well, it doesn't belong to you.
 Who are you to say who touched it and who doesn't touch it?
 And even more than that,
 if you look at the footprints of Neil Armstrong, for instance,
 theoretically, America owns the footprints,
 but they don't own any of the dust which creates the footprint.
 They're in the space directly above that dust.
 Yeah, they own the concept of the footprint, but not what makes it.
 Yeah.
 Wow, the cleaners are going to have an absolute nightmare
 when they turn up to the moon.
 Which bit of this is the party and which bit is debris preserved?
 (LAUGHTER)
 It's amazing that I hadn't thought of that, that in theory,
 Neil Armstrong's one small step for man,
 that one small step is still there, right?
 Possibly, yeah.
 Possibly because it was right at the bottom of the ladder,
 so Buzz might have landed and just smudged it out immediately, pissed off.
 Very likely, Buzz was here, right next to it.
 But like, the last thing that was left by an astronaut on the moon
 wasn't a physical object, but it was the last astronaut who was there
 who wrote, like you would in The Sand at a Beach,
 wrote the letters TDC, and that was the initials of his daughter,
 and that was Eugene Cernan, the last person to stand on the moon.
 And in theory, unless that bit of the moon is hit by, you know,
 space rocks and so on,
 that's going to be there for at least, you know, 50,000 years.
 Well, because there's not the same kind of atmosphere on the moon
 to mess it up.
 So in theory, Neil's footprint, if Buzz managed to sort of, like,
 do a wide berth with his landing, is still there, which is amazing.
 There is 100 metric tons of human material on the moon, man-made,
 which, if you can imagine there being a massive mirror in front of a theatre
 somewhere in the, you know, Midlands of England,
 it would be approximately 10 times the weight of that thing.
 That's going to mean a lot to all the listeners at home.
 It's also going to be confusing when James boosts that laugh in the edit.
 Here's one thing you can get if you go to the moon.
 The secret to David Copperfield's magic tricks.
 No! Yes, they are on the moon now.
 There was this private mission, there was a crash on the moon in 2019,
 which I can't believe we didn't, more wasn't made of it,
 there was a private spacecraft called Beresheet, and it had a disk on it.
 It had a sort of human library, which had Wikipedia, had thousands of books,
 and one of the other things on it was the technical illustrations and diagrams
 for David Copperfield's magic tricks.
 It's not certain that it survived, but it was in a really well,
 it wasn't just a DVD, it was a 25-layer sandwich of metal and resin,
 it was really well protected, and so it is possible it is surviving there.
 And Copperfield said he was so inspired by the idea of the mission
 that he wanted to give away secrets.
 I mean, when aliens get there and find that,
 they're not going to have the saw or the box to put the woman in.
 Or even the woman to put in the box.
 Another thing on the moon, a bunch of flags, as we know,
 very controversial at the time, whether to erect an American flag on the moon.
 So when Apollo 11 first went there, there was this big debate in the US,
 because it was that post-colonial era when everyone was saying,
 "That was really bad," where we stamped our flags in countries that weren't ours
 and claimed that they were, "Let's not do that again."
 And so they said, "Okay, we probably shouldn't put an American flag there,
 'cause it's like we're claiming it."
 And then there was a suggestion, which they seriously considered and almost did,
 to instead bring up a miniature flag for every country on Earth,
 for them to put into the soil at once.
 A little village.
 A little village.
 It's so sad they didn't have 160 tiny flags.
 I think it was a relief, 'cause it sounded like a real arseake
 hammering the one flag in.
 Right, really.
 So what do you do when, for instance, South Sudan?
 The South Sudan problem.
 You've got to go back.
 Every time there's a new country, you have to go back.
 Please don't divide into two countries.
 It's going to be so expensive for NASA.
 There already is.
 Not a model village, but a model something on the moon.
 There's a model.
 It's a miniature art gallery, which is very exciting.
 Oh, yeah.
 It's called the Moon Museum, and an artist called Forrest Myers
 commissioned artworks from six different artists
 to draw tiny, tiny drawings.
 And the engineer, at NASA, he gave it to,
 says that he stuck it onto the leg of the lunar module.
 So it's there.
 There's no confirmation it's there,
 but it's got Andy Warhol's signature.
 So why do you think he might be lying?
 No one has properly confirmed it.
 Yes, we saw that.
 And obviously, the lunar module is still there,
 so we don't know if there's a tiny--
 Was it Andy Warhol's signature, just the cock and balls?
 Well, it looks a lot like a cock and balls, yes.
 But there's also a sketch of Mickey Mouse on that tile.
 Does a Mickey Mouse look like a cock and balls?
 I think.
 Flip Andy Warhol's signature upside down,
 and you've got Mickey.
 I think that says more about you, James, than it does.
 It says a lot about my childhood, doesn't it?
 Yeah, so there's no final confirmation
 that there is a tiny art gallery on the moon.
 But wouldn't that be nice?
 Actually, speaking of cock and balls in space,
 there was a lot of worry when astronauts first went up,
 whether-- well, not a worry, but they
 were interested whether you could have sex up there or not,
 because people thought that if you have an erection,
 the gravity might be needed to get the blood down there.
 But luckily, there was a guy called Michael Malaine, who
 was interviewed by Men's Health Magazine in 2014.
 And he said that sometimes he had a boner
 that I could have drilled through kryptonite.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So that's--
 Oh, wow.
 That's put that to bed.
 What an image.
 There's some kryptonite.
 None of our drills are working.
 Can we get that guy with his rock hard boner and drill him?
 [LAUGHTER]
 Oh, my god.
 Imagine that guy's day every day.
 How was work, honey?
 Yep.
 Managed to break through the unbreakable rocks with my dick.
 It is time for our final fact of the show, and that is James.
 OK, my fact this week is that deer penises are often
 sold with the pelvis attached, so the buyer knows they're not
 being ripped off with a seal's penis.
 If I had a quid for every seal penis,
 I would have sent back to the shop, outraged.
 Well, the problem was you broke the seal, didn't you?
 And--
 I don't think it was me who broke the seal
 if I'm receiving his penis through the post.
 So this was an article on the online magazine Stuff.NZ.
 And it was about New Zealand's Pizzle Market.
 New Zealand sells deer penises mostly to China and to Hong Kong
 because they're used in traditional Chinese medicine
 as a sexual vigor enhancer.
 And this was basically just telling us
 how well they're doing in the last year or so.
 They've sold $5.2 million worth of pizzle.
 That's 1,700 tons of deer pizzles.
 So if you can imagine a large sort of metal
 mirror that might be outside of theatre in the Midlands,
 it's about 170 of those.
 That's how much it costs.
 I think that since 1994, like, it's the total.
 Sorry, yeah, that's right, yeah.
 But it's a lot.
 It's a lot of pizzle.
 I didn't know anything about pizzle before.
 I didn't know that was a word.
 Yeah, well, I only knew it because I studied English.
 And there's a line in Shakespeare where someone says,
 "You bull's pizzle."
 That's a great insult.
 I only knew it because of Snoop Dogg
 going shizzle-dizzle, man, nizzle-pizzle.
 I think if Snoop Dogg asked you to snizzle his pizzle,
 then you'd be like, "I want to get out of that party."
 I regret that evening.
 Yeah, a lot closer than, yeah.
 But cattle pizzle is sort of a dog treat.
 I didn't know this.
 I think that's the only reason I knew it.
 But we've all got different origin stories for pizzle.
 Yeah, you get bull's pizzle for dogs.
 Right, but clearly they do, but it's very distressing.
 I agree with Andy.
 I've seen those, but does it say on the packet, "Genuine penis"?
 No, I don't think it says.
 I think in the ingredients somewhere,
 it makes clear that it is the pizzle of a bull.
 I don't know if it has some genuine penis
 down across the front, like a warning sign.
 I think that should be said on things I'm buying.
 We'll all club together, Dan,
 and we'll get you a T-shirt that says it.
 How about that?
 Do you know...
 Took a while for you to get there.
 But the prep is really...
 It's upsetting, isn't it?
 If you're the deer.
 If you're the deer or the well-op...
 So you take it, you clean it, you wash it,
 you hang it, you stretch it,
 then you cook it for several days.
 This is the worst daft punk something I've ever done.
 Stretch it, hang it, clean it, cut it.
 It's really upsetting.
 It is, and actually, the farmers tend to not get paid for it.
 If you're a deer farmer, you don't get extra money for your pizzle.
 It... The money goes...
 For your deer's pizzles.
 The money goes to the people who kind of cut it up,
 the butchers and stuff like that,
 and then they get it as an extra bit of money.
 And there was a guy who was in charge of Deer Industry New Zealand,
 and he said that it can't be justified
 that you can pay them extra for it
 until farmers have a way of producing animals
 with attributes like larger tails or pizzles.
 So until you can find the way of making a deer
 with an absolutely enormous penis,
 you're not going to get paid extra for it.
 OK, because the butchers have to do a lot of work, basically.
 Because there is a big difference in value with size, isn't there?
 So they're sold in different sizes.
 You've got the under 10-inch, lame, 10 to 12-inch...
 10 to 12 inches, OK, 12 to 14.
 And then over 14 inches is where it's really at
 if you want to have all your virility problems solved,
 according to Chinese medicine.
 And somewhere up to 20 inches long,
 which I think you're pretty much immortal once you've eaten that.
 Some are 36.
 -That's even longer than 20. -Really?
 Well, that's after they've been stretched, yeah, yeah.
 -After the stretching. -That's after the stretching process is over, yeah.
 And we should say the reason...
 Oh, maybe you did say that the reason the deer is so...
 Well, the reason it's upsetting when you get a seal instead of a deer
 is because the deer is so valuable, right?
 A seal penis is nothing compared to a deer.
 And in fact, there are often others being substituted for deer penises.
 Like, I think there's a big problem with sheep's penis and testicles,
 -pizzles. So, a pizzle is sort of the two together. -Mm.
 Sheep's pizzle being sold counterfeiting, pretending to be deer pizzle.
 And it's because sheep have much bigger testicles,
 -and so they get a lot more bang for their bark. -Yeah, you can bulk it out, can't you?
 -It's not a bark, guys. -Right.
 -Oh, very nice. -Oh!
 I can't... In my head right now, I can't picture a seal's penis.
 (LAUGHTER)
 No, no, you're right.
 So, like, I can picture a bull and a sheep, but a seal...
 If we're talking, do they have testicles as well?
 -I guess they are inside. -I guess they are inside.
 -The testicles. -They're inside.
 -I think so, yeah. -Ah.
 Weird thing that just happened, I just pictured seal's penis,
 and that's the singer, and...
 (LAUGHTER)
 -He's good. -You're in public, Dan.
 Like, you're doing a show. You don't need to say everything
 -that comes into your head. -Well, I couldn't see a seal's, but then I thought,
 "Oh, seal, he must have one." And...
 -My God, he does. -I think they have, like, a genital slit,
 which then opens up and the penis comes out.
 -Seal's. -The singer, yeah.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 (LAUGHTER)
 Have you guys heard of Fuchsia Dunlop?
 -Uh, yeah. -She is an English writer and cook,
 and she was the first Westerner to train as a chef
 at the Sichuan Institute in Chengdu.
 And she has written one of the greatest articles I have ever read online
 about cooking, um, "pizzles."
 She used some traditional Chinese recipes to do this.
 She made it into kind of a stew.
 Uh, she said, "The raw testicle penises in particular
 "were a shocking sight, because they were too big to fit in the fridge."
 (LAUGHTER)
 So she kept them outside on the side.
 "The silent presence, huge, furry and outrageous,
 "cast a strange atmosphere over the apartment that night."
 (LAUGHTER)
 And she goes on and goes on about how she kind of cooked these things.
 And she said that, at one stage, she says,
 "The next step was the bleaching, at which the "pizzles are abruptly stiffened.
 "One of them lunged out of the saucepan when we weren't looking."
 (LAUGHTER)
 "Lunged."
 (LAUGHTER)
 I could go on and on, but it is the greatest article.
 I'll put it on my Twitter. I don't believe I'll be good.
 She's amazing if you've done that. I've got her cookbook.
 She's the woman who brought Chinese cooking to the West, really.
 -Oh, really? -Yeah, yeah.
 -She's still alive. -Fabre recipes, yeah.
 -Nice. -Have you...
 You guys may have found this in the course of your research,
 but another useful pizzle, if you're not feeding it to a dog
 or whatever it may be, or using it in traditional Chinese medicine,
 is that it makes a good walking stick.
 -For a very small person. -What? Yeah. What, for Yoda?
 For a three-foot walking stick?
 -That's a reasonable height. -But that's after it's been stretched.
 It's after it's been stretched. Yeah, that's correct.
 We're all... OK, we're on the same page now.
 That's a decent size, I promise.
 And basically, you can get these on...
 I can't believe I'm having to defend a 36-inch walking stick.
 Anyway, you can get them on eBay.
 There are some on eBay, which are antique,
 and there is also a website, fashionablecanes.com,
 which has a lengthy section of prose about...
 The legendary bull penis cane is the most unique of all walking canes.
 And it's sort of... There's a rod down the middle,
 and then it's stretched over this, but it's genuine pizzle being used.
 And it goes on and on and on about, you know,
 using one of these canes will shock anyone when you tell them what it is
 and it's sure to create an interesting conversation.
 It lists lots of people who've used canes in the past,
 Johnny Depp, Madonna, Brad Pitt.
 None of them had penis canes, though.
 And this website is amazing, it goes on and on.
 It says, "Even if a cow penis cane is not your style,
 "it can make the perfect gift for that hard-to-buy person on your list.
 "It makes the perfect over-the-hill or retirement gift."
 If I retire and you guys give me a stretched bull's penis walking stick,
 I won't take it well.
 - Come on, you'll be absolutely delighted. - You'd love it.
 It's not very useful on a cold day when you're going for a walk.
 This is a traditional cure for impotence, I suppose, right?
 It's largely what you'll grind up, some bull's pizzle or some deer pizzle.
 You'll drink it, you'll go on for years.
 - And I was just looking at some other... - The cryptonite won't know what hit it.
 The planet of Krypton was split in two.
 So, if the pizzle didn't work,
 quite an important part of the Protestant Reformation,
 according to my reading, which was biased towards the word "pizzle" fine,
 was this other ritual that you would do to solve impotence.
 So this is around 15th century, 16th century.
 It was to urinate through your wife's wedding ring and...
 - From what distance? - I think she's wearing it at the time.
 But this was cited as one of the reasons that Calvin wanted to do away
 with the exchange of wedding rings, because he was, you know,
 Calvin's great Protestant leader, he was worried that this superstition
 was kind of taking over the wedding ring superstition.
 Men were just sort of pissing through women's wedding rings all the time.
 And it said, "If that didn't work and you still couldn't get it up,
 "then you had to go and urinate through the keyhole of the church
 "that you got married in."
 No!
 - Wow. - Wow.
 That's what that TV show, "Through the Keyhole," used to be about.
 "Who pissed in a house like this?"
 What's that done, do you think?
 I believe it was done.
 Well, the wedding ring thing was done enough for Calvin to want to ban it,
 so I reckon the keyhole thing was done enough for priests to be pissed off
 - and those cleaners to be very confused. - Yeah, absolutely, yeah.
 - Yeah. - Wow.
 Another thing for the cleaners in the churches is,
 "Is this meant to be here this year?"
 Viagra.
 Does anyone need any? Because I have a bunch on me.
 - No, Viagra was invented and patented by Pfizer. - Yeah.
 Pfizer, who have just stepped up to help try and save the world with the vaccine.
 - Yeah. - I've been injected with Pfizer myself.
 You sound so surprised. It's not like they were a little, like,
 blackberry-selling startup.
 They were just one of the world's biggest medication manufacturers for the last 40 years.
 It was never that you think you were going to get a COVID vaccine
 - and you accidentally get a Viagra vaccine. - Imagine that.
 We're all walking out with our arm in the air.
 Like some Nazi rally.
 Sorry, there's been a mix-up with our famous vaccine.
 There's a thing called low-intensity shockwave therapy,
 which this is a proven thing that helps you if you have impotence problems.
 The physician will wave a wand over your penis,
 and the wand makes these tiny shockwaves, little kind of...
 What it sounds like is little clicks, like...
 - And what that will do, apparently... - Get it off!
 - I don't... - What's that flip-up thing? - Exactly!
 Apparently, it sounds a bit like a Newton's cradle, you know?
 - There's, like, that tie. - Yeah.
 And it stimulates the blood vessels, and it helps you to be unimpetent.
 - Free willy. - Wow.
 Okay, that is it! That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you would like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we have said over the course of this podcast,
 we can all be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland, Andy.
 - @AndrewHunterM. - James.
 - @JamesHarken. - And Anna.
 You can email our podcast at qi.com.
 You can go to our group account, which is @NoSuchThing,
 or you can go to our website, nosuchthingasafish.com.
 All of our previous episodes are up there,
 as well as the link to all the upcoming tour dates
 as part of our Nerd Immunity 2021 tour.
 Thank you so much, Nottingham.
 We had an amazing time.
 Thank you, thank you, thank you.
 [cheers and applause]
 [upbeat music]
 [cheers and applause]
 (upbeat music)
