 Hey club fish members, welcome to your bonus bit of content. We've got an awesome bumper pack compilation for you today
 With the big names of the last nine months. You're gonna hear Beck Hill. You're gonna hear Maisie Adam
 You're gonna hear Jenny Colgan, David Mitchell, Sophie Juker, Ella Alshamahi
 And you won't hear Neil Gaiman, but you'll hear a clip from a show that he's on so technically he's on it because his breathing is
 Probably softly in the background. So almost featuring Neil Gaiman as well such a brilliant collection of nerds
 We were so excited to have them on but Anna's back now
 So this will be the last time for a while that we're gonna have lots of guests on
 Except for the fact that Andy's about to go away for a few weeks and so we'll have two more guests on but outside of that
 It's gonna be back to the original four, but we've massively enjoyed having all of our guests on
 So sit back now and enjoy some of the best bits that didn't make it onto the main show. Here we go
 [Music]
 In the 1990s Cliff Richard once brought Heath Cliff the Musical to the Hammersmith Apollo
 Oh, that's cool. Where Kate Bush was soon to perform. Yeah, imagine that. Heath Cliff the Musical by Cliff Richard
 He didn't call it Heath Cliff Richard
 Oh
 No, he didn't. Come on Cliff, it's there for the takin'
 [Laughter]
 See and seagrass is really interesting stuff. This is an initial diversion
 But basically it's the only I think it's the only flowering plant that grows underwater
 You get seaweed which kind of clings to things underwater and drifts about a bit
 But seagrass actually has roots that gets nutrients from the roots and it flowers
 And it flowers and then the bees have to put on like scooby to go down there
 But it's the best nectar and it's worth it
 And what's the point of the flowers if they don't because flowers are there to attract pollination aren't they from insects
 I think I guess there must be pollination from undersea creatures but with prawns
 Could be prawns. It could be prawns. What was that?
 No, currents aren't animals, they're spilt. They put them in a bun and they don't even squeal
 [Laughter]
 The police chiefs in Romania in a city of Timosora sent their officers to ballet classes
 In the hope of helping them manage the traffic with more grace
 Oh, that's good. It is useful. There's a lot of NFL players who study ballet in their career
 Like they weren't from ballet but they get into it because it helps them with movement, with fluidity, with stretch
 Yeah, there's quite a few. There's quite a few. There was one guy particularly who was drafted in 2022 for the Bears
 That's what he does. He does ballet and that helps to give him
 But I wonder how it would help a traffic cop
 It was meant to be that there were complaints about how their movements weren't being particularly well sort of clear
 If you're staccato, you're in a relationship with the traffic, aren't you? You're moving with it, you're guiding it, it's your partner
 Yeah, you've got four partners
 People need to understand what directions you're pointing in and if you're not clear with your movements or anything
 No, I got it. That makes sense
 Weirdly, when you're talking about the NFL players, I've started doing wrestling classes
 Oh, cool
 Because I want to get better at slapstick in comedy for kids
 Nice
 So I want to learn how to fall properly
 Oh, great. How's it going?
 I could fall on a mat
 But I haven't, but I'm not at floors yet
 Is it like you're supposed to turn as you fall and land on your shoulder or is that something else that I'm thinking of?
 Well, it depends what you're doing, but most of the time it's called a bump and you go on your back to do a bump
 That's when they land on their back. You're basically landing between your shoulder blades
 And the key is you want to keep your hips sort of as high as possible so that your tailbone doesn't get hit
 Yeah
 What about your head?
 Your head, they need incredible neck muscles
 So they actually do exercises to strengthen their neck muscles so that when you fall, your neck can support your head and your chin up
 So that your head doesn't go back and bounce
 A lot of the sound though, interestingly
 Because normally if you do that, you don't actually make that much noise
 But you know how it's like bang, like when they do it?
 The sound comes from their arms
 So you put your arms out the same time that you fall and basically slap the floor as loud as you can
 And it's genuinely pain, I know people go, oh yeah, but the ring, it's got springs and stuff
 It's really not much at all, it's essentially made with car parts and plywood
 It is, yeah, it's painful
 What's your wrestling name?
 I haven't got one yet, but I quite like the idea of Big Heel
 Big Heel, love it
 I used to wrestle as a kid, I was called Danny the Tugboat Steam Engine
 I had a song and everything
 When you say you used to do it as a kid, this is, it wasn't professionally already Finn
 No, no, we used to do
 Danny the Tugboat Steam Engine, doot doot, was the song, yeah
 Oh, that's the whole song, is it?
 It was kind of a repeat of the Danny the Tugboat Steam Engine
 Sorry, is that a thing, Danny the Tugboat Steam Engine?
 Yeah, it's my name
 No, no, no, but is that an existing thing or is it a...
 Yeah, it's my existing wrestling
 No, did you take it from, were you inspired by something else or was it just a damn show?
 Oh, there's a lot of wrestlers called like the Tugboat and stuff like that, yeah
 And I get you like Thomas a lot
 I didn't give myself the name, it was given to me
 Danny the Tugboat Steam Engine
 By somebody who likes Thomas the Tank Engine
 Is the idea that you'll, like, you'll have to be pulled off unconscious after the wrestling bout is over?
 No, because the Tugboat pulls other people off, don't they?
 Like, the Tugboat helps someone to get into the, into the plot
 Yeah, exactly, I pulled a lot of men off in my right time as a, as a wrestler
 Um, you know the Lumiere Brothers, who we've mentioned a couple of times in this
 So they, two of the big pioneers of film, they hired the basement of the Grand Café in Paris
 In 1895, right, for a demonstration
 And when people arrived in the room, they saw the screen had been set up
 And they thought, ah, it's going to be another slideshow
 Uh, and George Melios was in the room because he was a pioneer as well
 But he, he thought, oh god, it's a projection, eh?
 Which kind of stationary images
 He said, I've been doing this for ten years
 And then the screen started moving
 And Melios said, we stared flabbergasted at this site, stupefied and surprised beyond all expression
 At the end of the show there was complete chaos
 Wow
 I just, imagine, I mean, it must have been an amazing moment
 Yeah
 The first time that was truly demonstrated
 Yeah
 And then Lumiere Sr, so the Lumiere Brothers dad, he was involved in the same kind of business, photography and images
 He said he was not going to be selling the process
 He got immediate offers on the spot, you know, 10,000 francs, 50,000 francs to find out how to do it
 And supposedly, I love this, he told Melios, my son's invention is not for sale, it would ruin you
 It can be exploited for a short while as a scientific curiosity
 Beyond that, it has no commercial future
 Wow
 I know
 Amazing
 Yeah
 Gotta imagine seeing that being in the room for that
 It would have been incredible
 Yeah
 The greatest thing about Doctor Who is the fan base
 It really kind of does have the most extraordinary fan base to the point where the fans have become Doctor Who
 Like, that's, it's quite rare
 So
 How do you mean?
 Okay, so David Tennant basically became an actor because he wanted to be Doctor Who
 Peter Capaldi obsessed with Doctor Who to the point where the president of the fan club of Doctor Who
 When Peter Capaldi was a kid was sending messages to other people going, this Capaldi kid won't leave me alone
 He's so annoying
 Wow
 He's haunting my time as president of, he's demanding, he should be president, he keeps sending in letters
 He keeps sending in fan art, he keeps sending in corrections
 Capaldi was obsessed and he did go on to become a Doctor Who
 And then Tennant, of course, if you know Tennant's life well, you'll know that he is married to the daughter of a previous Doctor Who
 Which is Peter Davidson
 Is he?
 Yeah, so
 Who also played his own daughter in the show Doctor Who?
 Yes, yeah, so George, George Mothlis is her name and she comes on to Doctor Who playing Doctor Who's daughter during David Tennant's, no, hang on
 What?
 No, sorry
 It's all tiny white stuff, it's a bit confusing
 So his wife plays his daughter?
 That's how they met, yeah, they met on set
 Yeah, he's married to one Doctor and the daughter of another
 My favourite social media post of all time is from George Mothlis as she's standing in her lounge room and both David Tennant and her dad, Peter Davidson are trying to change a lightbulb
 And the caption is "How many doctors does it take to change a lightbulb?"
 Nice
 If you've got a sonic screwdriver
 You can use it on your research
 Jesus, I'm so proud of you, this is great
 I read an article with Peter Capaldi from 1974 where they called him Scotland's biggest Doctor Who fan
 It's around online, you see it every now and then, don't you?
 I have to say when I started writing for the show when I was 13, I entered a competition to meet Doctor Who
 When I entered was Tom Baker, so I must have been about 12, and then when I won it was Peter Davidson, which made me less happy, but made my mother quite a lot more happy
 So it kind of balanced out
 And having worked in Who and met lots of people from Who, everyone my age entered that competition
 The amount of people, yeah, absolutely, the amount of people David Tennant entered, lots of the writers entered, the amount of people I met when I go "I won that W. Smith competition"
 They're like "Oh no, it was you!"
 So I think there is a definite, I think particularly for the people that play the Doctor because it's in every territory in the world
 It's one of Britain's biggest exports, it's one of Britain's huge financial exports
 And so for the rest of your life, you're going to have to be the Doctor, so you're going to, you cannot
 Wait, so you won the competition?
 Yes, I did
 What are the odds? That's amazing
 I'm so very excited about it
 Yeah, that's awesome
 So yeah, so this picture is me with Peter Davidson and Monsters, and here's a really nice thing that happened
 I got an email out the blue from BBC Archives one day saying "We're doing some archive business"
 And we believe that you were present for the taping in front of us in like 1983
 Can you confirm it? Were you there on this day? And I was, and I was 12
 And I'm down in the official BBC archive on the production line
 Oh nice, an update
 The fans, the fans in Paris, the mantle of running the show
 They're always quite clicky butchers, especially if you go back into like the middle ages and stuff
 Being a butcher was a really important job obviously in the city
 But also you couldn't sell dodgy meat, so there were lots of laws basically for the butchers
 For what they could and they couldn't do
 I was reading some offences from the 14th century in London
 And you could be arrested if you're a butcher for cutting the meat improperly
 So too much or too little
 Selling measly pork
 And measly pork is pork which looks like it's got measles
 So it's got a disease on it and it's got little pock marks in it
 You weren't allowed to kill any animals on a Sunday
 And you weren't allowed to run around the town in a cloak but not a gown
 What? Even when you're off shift?
 Even at any stage if you're a butcher
 You can't wear a cloak? Why? What did a cloak have connotations on?
 I couldn't really work out exactly what the reasoning behind that was
 But it was definitely against the rules for butchers
 But there was this thing basically in London, you had the fishmongers and the butchers
 They were very clicky and they wouldn't hang out with each other
 It's like western storeys
 Exactly like that, exactly like that
 And so they would, if you had like let's say the two or three days before Easter
 They were the best times when you could sell your food
 Yeah
 Because you couldn't buy anything over Easter
 And they would have special places where the best places to buy your food are
 So over the bridges was one and stuff like that
 So there was really good places
 And they say only the fishmongers are allowed here or only the butchers are allowed here
 And whenever they said only the fishmongers are allowed here
 The butchers would kick off and they go in and they start smashing up the fishmongers places
 But they'd walk up clicking like that
 And in 1443 there was a battle of fishmongers versus butchers in London
 Of who would get the prime spots on Easter Eve
 Lovely
 And one fishmonger was very badly wounded
 Yeah
 But yeah, the fishmongers were usually royalists
 The butchers were usually parliamentarians
 Really?
 Later on
 Oh my god, it's like Celtic Rangers
 It really is
 And like there were three fishmongers who became Lord Mayor of London
 And no butchers did and that was a really
 That feels sus, doesn't it?
 Yeah, exactly
 It was like a big deal whether you're on the butcher side or the fishmonger side
 Wow
 Isn't that amazing?
 That is really cool, I had never heard that
 I was reading about the clothes that they had to wear
 So you know they have this stripey
 Oh yes
 So
 Like Fred Elliott
 Literally I was just about to say I was like Fred and Ashley
 In Coronation Street
 Coronation Street
 I'm just moving things back to my home turf now
 Right, I don't believe this before I say it to you
 Why are butchers apron striped?
 I think I got this from a workwear website
 Well, can I say are they red and white stripes?
 Yeah
 No, I think they're blue and white
 Oh are they?
 I was thinking like it would cover the blood but yeah
 Oh yeah, some are blue and white
 Sometimes they wear all white to show how clean the place is
 Oh that makes sense
 Because otherwise they'd be covered in blood
 Oh yeah
 And that's a really bad sign
 So no, these are the blue and white ones
 Is it because they're on Man City fans?
 That's right
 Is it slimming?
 It's slimming
 The stripe design and I'm just quoting here
 The stripe design and number of stripes signify the level of skill of the butcher
 A broad stripe means the butcher is master of their trade
 Wow
 A single stripe means the butcher works without apprenticeship
 So it's like getting a new belt and karate, you get a new apron
 Yeah
 With the status symbol
 And I don't think that still is the case
 No, I don't think, I've never heard that before
 On the karate thing, I heard on another podcast lateral
 That the reason that the, it goes from white belts to black belts
 It goes like yellow doesn't it
 Yeah
 And then something else and brown then black
 It's supposed to be a snooker
 You have to have a red fight between all of the others
 And wear a waistcoat
 That sounds way better than my version
 But what I think it is is it's like they would get dirtier
 So the more fights you would have, the more dirty your belts would get
 And so it would be, I'm not sure why yellow would be the first one
 You'd piss yourself
 You'd piss yourself of the fear after you
 But eventually your belt would be
 Dan's got a brown belt
 There's that famous one about what animals do you think you could fight
 Where we have mentioned it before
 6% of Americans think they could beat a grizzly bear in a fight
 Only half of those surveyed thought they could beat a medium-sized dog
 That's interesting
 I do think I could beat a medium-sized dog
 Well, it's hard to
 What's a medium-sized dog?
 Labrador
 Labrador
 Oh, it's just a dog
 It's just a dog, yeah
 But there were other surveys done about, let's say for example
 Sorry, I just say that those people who don't think they could beat them
 Maybe they feel I can't bring it in myself to fight a medium-sized dog
 I would also say no to that question
 I actually just realised what we've implied is that I think I could beat up a Labrador
 I actually don't want to do that
 Especially not for the blind person
 Can I say a couple of things quickly because I was very impressed that
 Both Oxygen and Fizzy Drinks came out of Leeds
 I thought, what else came out of Leeds?
 Mel B
 Mel B came out of Leeds
 That's our holy trinity
 Oxygen, big wee
 Scary Spice
 Scary Spice
 Yeah, so yes, absolutely correct
 And maybe you'll know all of these actually, Maisie, being from there
 Go on
 What famous board game came out of Leeds?
 Oh, is it?
 It's not Cludo, is it?
 It is Cludo, yeah
 Is it Cludo? I thought that was Cludo
 Cludo was invented in Leeds
 But it was a game that was bought by the founders there, Wallingtons
 And it was a different game, it was originally called Murder
 And it was repackaged and it was turned around, named Cludo Popdown
 So that was in Leeds, yeah
 What famous American building was designed
 Was built in Leeds
 No, was designed by someone from Leeds
 Oh
 Yeah, from Pudsy, I should say
 Oh, okay, well
 It's definitely, it's not the Empire State, I feel like I'd know that
 Oh, that's a good one
 Is it that one in Chicago?
 No, it's built in 1800, completed in 1800
 Completed in 1800, that's very old
 Yeah
 It's really old
 What's that old in America?
 Well, the White House
 What state is it in?
 Hang on, hang on, they couldn't have designed a new White House
 12 years before the White House was burned down in the war of 1812
 But I'm talking about the original White House
 Oh, you're saying they built it, and then it got burned down
 And then they built another one
 I think that's what happened
 That is the timeline, isn't it?
 You fiction on in Leeds designed the OG White House
 I don't know
 No
 It was Melby
 It's not that, but someone from Leeds, from Pudsy, designed the US Capitol building
 Oh, really?
 Yeah, yeah
 Okay
 Yeah, Benjamin La Trobe
 Is Pudsy the bear?
 Yes
 From Pudsy
 Pudsy, yeah
 From Pudsy and Leeds
 Oh, really?
 Yeah
 Oh, Pudsy was not on notable people from Leeds Wikipedia
 Wow
 Entry needs to get in there
 That's why he's called Pudsy
 Yeah
 Because he's from Pudsy and Leeds
 And then just last thing, Grand Theft Auto is from Leeds
 One of the biggest franchise video games of all time
 Grand Theft Auto
 Well, the first edition is Leeds
 The first edition
 I don't know what kind of set it is
 I was going to say, there's some parts of Leeds where it's like being in the game yourself
 It's just probably better for the video game aesthetically to look like Miami
 Yeah, but the concept was Leeds
 It was a Leeds company, Rockstar Leeds, who created it
 How interesting
 I got two last bungling criminals
 One guy called Derek Mosley
 He went into a store, not armed with anything but a baseball bat, attempting to rob it
 Unfortunately, it was a gun shop
 The manager immediately pulled out a gun
 and held him there until the police came
 And then this one, my favorite one
 1996, a store manager in California, robs a store
 The store that he's the manager of
 He then reports the robbery
 and then the police come
 The police then ask him to give a detailed description of the criminal
 bringing a sketch artist in
 And unfortunately, due to incredible lack of imagination
 he details his exact face
 and they look at it and go, "But that's you!"
 and he went, "Oh shit, yeah, I did it!"
 I can't think of any face
 Just give him a different nose
 Think of it, there must be more than one kind of nose
 His nose was unlike this
 Quickly back to Kate Bush before we finish
 She's got a song called "Pie"
 where she sings the number "Pie" to 78 decimal places
 There's other words as well, it's like the chorus is the numbers
 And the problem is she gets the 54th decimal place wrong
 No!
 Okay, if you're gonna do a song about pie
 you've either gotta get it right
 or it's gonna be tongue-in-cheek
 but don't actually sing it
 In fact, she goes to 78 and then she misses out from 78 to 101
 Oh god, it gets worse!
 Yeah, it's really bad
 But more or less on the BBC, they looked at this
 and they said, "Actually there's a theory
 that if you look at pie, because it goes on forever, the number
 every sort of list of numbers will be in there somewhere"
 And so they think that even maybe she wasn't reading the first hundred and something
 She was just reading a section of pie
 From an area that we haven't even got to yet
 But does she start by saying "three point"?
 Because then that's like...
 Yeah, that's a good point
 But we actually don't know whether every single string of numbers is in pie or not
 That's an unproven bit of maths that people are still trying to work out
 Which more or less called the "Catebush Conjecture"
 Because if it's true, then she didn't get it wrong after all
 That's great, that's really funny
 I think you've completely knocked out the theory with the "three point"
 It's at the beginning of the song
 It's a lot holding on that first verse
 She might have been talking about Newcastle winning in the Champions League
 They got three points yesterday
 Oh yeah, she voted a song about Newcastle's winning in the Champions League
 And then immediately goes into reciting patterns
 That's classic Bush
 Yes, exactly
 You know that thing of when people take bagels
 When people have a bagel and then it's got poppy seeds on it
 And then they fail a drugs test
 I think we probably have mentioned that in this podcast before
 Because it can make athletes fail tests if they've had poppy seed bagels
 Here's a thing that happened a few years ago
 In 2013, a hospital took a newborn baby away from its mum
 For five days because she'd failed an opiate test
 Which was entirely because she'd had a bagel
 She just had a bagel and then she'd had a urine test or something while in hospital
 And the last thing she'd eaten before giving birth was a poppy seed bagel
 Wow, that's amazing
 It's awful, I don't think it's amazing Dan, I think it's really bad
 No, it's amazing that that package is what I mean
 I should start doing that and taking babies away
 But that's pretty amazing that that's not on the walls of hospitals saying
 Make sure not to have a bagel prior to birth or something like that
 No, you're allowed to eat the bagels, it's just that the test shouldn't have found it
 I think so
 Because I mean, I don't know if you're aware of this because you do have three kids
 But they give you a ton of drugs when you're having kids
 Yeah, yeah, I took a lot
 My wife did natural, but I was absolutely off my head
 When you write one of the novels for it, Jenny
 Are you allowed to make up any monster or do they sometimes say
 No, a monster made of 50 million bees is a silly monster to have
 Funnily enough, a monster made of 50 million bees or anything that's very difficult to do on television
 Is very good to do in a novel
 So one of the last stories I wrote was about a creature that sucked up all the oceans
 Because it was impossible to film and the whole thing is done when they're trying to run from boat to boat
 So anything that's out and in fact, my first novel from that was again it's set entirely in the water in the Viking seas
 Anything that's really hard to shoot, putting the tARDIS on water on screen is a nightmare
 So anything that's very difficult to do and big and expensive needs to go in a novel
 It's the old, you know, Simpsons crashing 50 helicopters into house
 It costs them no more money than someone walking into a room
 So you do have to be a bit...
 At one point I had Matt Smith diving to save someone from the water
 And he removed his trousers and shoes
 Oh here we go, here's the wrong comm element
 Well no no, he came back and said the doctor never takes his trousers off
 So that's our red line
 Did you have the doctor take his trousers off?
 Well, if you're running to save someone in the water, then take off your shoes and trousers
 It's common sense
 And so I'd written it without thinking about it, it was just like what do you do?
 And you're running into the water and it just came back with the big mic going
 No, the doctor does not know if they're crowds or is never
 I never knew Andrew
 Do you remember the, do we talk about this, the Anthony Horowitz thing?
 Because he wrote the J, Anthony Horowitz wrote the Bond books
 And he wrote one where Bond is naked
 And yeah, we did mention this I think, but he wrote one where Bond is like
 He springs out of bed naked because there's a killer or someone at the door or whatever
 And the note came back from the estate saying "No, he needs to be wearing formal pyjamas which button to the neck"
 And that's so unsexy
 It's like a moral beacon for children, I'd have thought, but good
 Have you guys heard of mutton Jeff?
 It means deaf
 Comedy double-act?
 Well, like really old comedy double-act from the 40s or 30s
 Yeah
 It's a pairing that's been used quite a lot
 The first instance of it as far as I could find was from Bud Fisher
 He did it as two cartoon characters, it was the first ever
 He's a cartoonist, Bud Fisher, and he created these two characters, mutton Jeff
 Oh, I thought you said mutton Jeff, like "Oh, the guy gets me my lamb down the ride"
 It was beefy Bill, Larry the lamb
 The dodgy butcher, like "Yeah, I just got this off the back of a trombone"
 Where were you last night, mutton Jeff?
 Yeah, no, it was the first daily comic strip in the States, supposedly
 When historians are trying to pin that down, it always comes up, 1907
 And mutton Jeff is what you actually call good cop/bad cop
 It's what that dynamic is based on these two characters who were two mismatched tin horns, they were called
 And mutton Jeff, it's used everywhere now to sort of describe that dynamic
 But yeah, good cop/bad cop is mutton Jeff
 Wow
 Which doesn't work, good cop/bad cop
 Does it not?
 No, and they've done experiments of, you know, scientists have carried out experiments to sort of emotionally destabilize the subjects
 And then ask them questions
 Okay, here's one, there was students being asked to answer questions about their work in an interview setting
 Or to lie about a fictional job
 And they were interviewed by a neutral interviewer
 And then there was someone else in the corner taking notes, a second interviewer
 And that second interviewer either looked supportive as they were taking notes or they looked hostile and suspicious
 And basically people who were telling the truth gave detailed answers if that second person looked supportive
 You know, they gave better answers, more informative
 So it became easier to tell who's lying
 So you sort of just need good cop/normal cop
 Okay, right
 Or normal cop/good cop, you know, but there's not much use for
 Just a good cop
 Just a good cop
 Probably
 But does the bad cop not just make the good cop seem gooder?
 No
 Well, I think that's the thinking behind it, but actually it just stresses people out and I think makes them more likely to lie
 So Byron's thing was, he said a line that was so potently harsh that it sort of became the reason for Keats dying
 Which was that he, what did he say, the critics killed him basically
 Oh yeah, there was this idea
 He got some really crunching bad reviews for a couple of his epic poems, there's one called Endymion
 Which, and he got a terrible review and the consensus later was, well, he died of reviews
 And he didn't, he died of tuberculosis
 Yeah
 And the reviews were years before he got the TB as well
 Is it possible though to die of reviews?
 Because I...
 Are you doing it again with this shit?
 No, my doctor says it's better to die
 But no, so after Keats died, so he dies in Rome, in the arms of his friend, Joseph Severn, who's a painter
 And then he, Keats, in his dying days, he says, I don't want my name even to go on my tombstone
 So the famous line on his tombstone is, here lies one whose name was writ in water
 He knows this very amazing talent, but ephemeral, that he's passed, you know, he's passed out of the world
 And it's a little bit, kind of, poor me, but his friends, they did that, they put that
 Here lies one whose name was writ in water
 They decided, no, we think he deserves a bit more than that, so they added, above it
 Wow
 Which, I think, removes the power of the beautiful, no more fragrant message that he thought of
 It's even worse than that, because if you go and visit Keats's grave, and as you say, he wanted it to be anonymous, you know, when no one's there
 The grave right next to him basically says, I'm with Keats
 No
 It does, because it's his mate, Joseph Severn, who was buried there
 That's so funny
 Says, to the memory of Joseph Severn, devoted friend and deathbed companion of John Keats
 And so everyone now knows that it's right next door
 Wow
 All the graves in that grave, I was just saying, like Keats, three down
 Yes, it's odd, there's a lot of kings getting bits of them buried in a different place, and the Habsburgs were mad for it
 I think they had almost like a tradition, I can't remember where, I'm afraid, but like the body in one place and the heart somewhere else
 There's a place in Vienna that I started reading about, hearts being buried separately to the rest of the individual
 And the hearts, there are 54 Habsburg hearts in one crypt in Vienna
 Wow
 That's quite romantic
 And they've all got their own hearts
 Yeah, yeah, I suppose it is, yeah
 I'll spend Valentine's Day with you next week
 Well actually, he was like quite pedantic, wasn't he?
 Was he?
 Because he had that book that you mentioned, The Style?
 Oh yeah, the Elements of Style
 Elements of Style
 And if you read that, it's all about how everyone's grammar is terrible
 And, you know, for instance, the word "non" is in the singular, so you should say "none of us is ready" rather than "none of us are ready"
 Or you should never start a sentence with "however", and you should never turn a noun into a verb, so you shouldn't say "I was hosting a party"
 Because that's turning, you know, the host is a noun and you shouldn't turn it into a verb
 I absolutely hated the passive voice, so you know, like, you should say "the dog bit the man" and not "the man was bitten by the dog", that's what he thought
 Although the first sentence of his book says "this book is intended for use in English courses in which the practice of composition is combined with a study of literature"
 Which has got two examples of the passive voice in the first sentence
 That's really good
 That's such an interesting book because it was originally written by someone else, it was called William Strunk Jr.
 And then E.B. White came in and did a revised expanded edition, but he gets as much of the credit of the book, but it's a weird example of a book sort of getting second
 He liked it a second edition, almost like adding loads of extra stuff
 Yeah, exactly
 Well, in his Sex Necessary book that he did with James Thurber, who then went on to become one of the cartoonists for the New Yorker
 In 1950, Thurber was supposed to write an introduction to the book's latest edition at that point
 And he contributed just a couple of paragraphs, then wrote to White on the side
 "If you know anything about sex, let me know"
 Do you know what the rainbow bridge is, if I say that phrase?
 No, no
 Ah, well, that completely...
 Oh, should we know it?
 Well, the rainbow bridge is an extremely well-known phrase for when your pet dies
 Oh
 And it's from a kind of poem which is known all over the world about how your dog crosses the rainbow bridge
 And it becomes young again, and it's in a lovely place with lots of dogs to play with
 And then one day it'll peel off because it can smell you coming
 You see, so it's been a source of comfort and joy all over the world, and most people have heard of it
 And the woman who wrote it is 82, and she wrote it when she was about 13, and she lives in Inverness
 And they found her this year, her name is Edna, and she had written that when she was a teenager
 Somebody in her family had passed it on to somebody else
 Who'd passed on, and eventually her husband got hold of it when they were married
 And he'd given it to someone who went to America, where they published it in the Dear, one of those American columns
 Ask Abbey, where it had been read by 100 million Americans, because it was a syndicated column
 How was it like just anonymous at the time?
 They didn't, they had no idea who it was
 And you can even see in the original Ask Abbey, she says "Oh, I don't know who this is from"
 And it's just full of letters from Americans in tears and so on
 It spread everywhere, and when we had a dog that died, we got a lot of commiserations and said they're at the rainbow bridge
 It's the kind of way that you say "I'm sorry that your animal died"
 And until about last year, she had no idea
 And then it came up and she went up to her attic and she said "Yeah, here it is"
 It was the original piece of paper in a book
 That's so cool
 That's amazing, you should go visit, you're so close to her, you should go meet her
 I think it would be, I kind of work quite heavily off getting paid for writing that idea
 This is one of the most published poems in the world, and she did not even know
 That's incredible
 Neanderthals, I think we can say they were a bit like reindeer in one respect
 Really, can we?
 Yeah, please tell me
 They're big noses, which they use to heat up cold air
 And reindeer do that
 As in they had great big sinuses and chambers and just a warm up freezing cold air
 So actually that's highly debated now
 Oh man, why don't you have experts on this?
 That was the, it's contentious
 So some people think it's more about the amount of oxygen they needed to take in
 Because loads of them were living in, they were cold adapted
 But loads of them were living in Iraq and the Iberian Peninsula
 When it wasn't necessarily cold, so it's not straightforward
 Because they did have very very shiny noses, didn't they?
 Yeah, okay
 And there were elves at the time
 Actually, I think they were because there were hobbits around on a different continent
 Is that the homo, what they call it?
 Homo floresiensis
 Yeah, apparently in the original paper they were called Sudanthropus florensianus
 Which means they thought it meant a man from the Sunda region of Flores
 But actually it translated as flowery anus
 Wow
 Does anyone know what Marxist glue is?
 What might that be?
 Marxist glue
 It sticks to everybody according to their need
 No, no, no
 It was a good try and what was a very difficult prompt
 I don't like this live-reviewing feature we've just enabled
 Marxist glue
 Is it a special kind of Soviet glue that was used only in Russia?
 Actually, no, used in the West by Marxists
 Oh, is it for like protests?
 Yes, glue is used in protests
 Like the suffragettes manacled themselves to things, but other people glue themselves to things
 Very less strong glue made from wheat and water
 So it's very cheap, not used to glue yourself to something
 Do you glue something else to something?
 Posters
 Be more communist, please
 Very cheap
 This isn't the idea at all
 Pop it up there straight away
 You're not giving anything to international capitalism
 You're not giving anything to big print
 You're just a bit of wheat
 Yeah, absolutely
 The thing is it just sticks to what?
 It's very, very easy and cheap to make
 But once you put it on a wall
 You really can't get it off unless you really scrape it off
 And they used it quite a lot in history
 To lose the Trek, for instance
 He would put all of his posters up using this stuff
 And his posters became really popular and really expensive
 And people would pay a lot of money for his posters
 For the Moulin Rouge or whatever
 And so you would get people who would follow him around Paris
 Trying to grab his posters off as soon as he put them on
 Because they knew as soon as this Marxist glue had dried
 They would not be able to get it off anymore
 That's great
 It's a bit banksy-ish, isn't it?
 Yeah, it is, I guess
 That's very cool
 Does anyone want a Japanese soft drink?
 This is children's beer
 It's a soft drink that I've got from Japan
 Wow
 And you pour, on the front it's got a picture of a beer
 And a drunk looking child
 And you put it in a glass and you pour water on it
 And apparently it looks and tastes like, well it doesn't taste much like beer, I don't think
 I'm so up for this, this is amazing
 That sounds so good
 It's like a normal white powder
 Just a normal white powder
 It looks very saucy, someone's to walk in right now
 It does look saucy
 Okay
 Does this look like beer or not?
 It doesn't look like you're pulling a pint
 What an advertising way that would be if you were pulling a pint
 It looks more like pig weight
 Have you got a mixer?
 Should we stir it?
 Yeah
 We're going to stir it with a ruler
 Oh this is very disappointing
 Oh come on, if you went to a pub and you got a pint looking like that
 You'd send it back
 For the listeners, it's looking like...
 I would describe its colour as yakult
 Yes
 Yes
 It's very...
 Hang on
 Yeah
 There's not much of a head on it
 Well that's what that's supposed to happen, I think if you give it a few minutes
 Maybe it looks like it's getting darker
 Oh it's like a Guinness, you've got to let it rest for a bit
 There you go
 Wow
 It is getting darker
 So this is like the old candy cigarettes
 Well that's what I was thinking
 The alcohol equivalent of that, that's awesome
 You could have this, it's like children's beer
 And then some children's cigarettes as well
 They first ever detention for having candy cigarettes
 Did you?
 Yes
 Yeah, I sat at the back holding it like this
 Like a sort of...
 How would you describe this pose for the listener?
 Like a 1920s sort of...
 Yeah, like a Lana Turner
 Yes, I was holding it as if it was as long as Cruella de Vil's cigarette
 And I've quite understandably got sent out to a detention
 I think maybe momentarily she thought it was a real cigarette
 Probably if you're at school and there's quite a lot of people are actually smoking cigarettes
 Seems a little bit harsh
 I was also doing donuts in my car because it was Grand Theft Auto
 Oh it's looking more beer right now
 That's done, she said that looks like beer
 Yeah, definitely it's got the frothy head
 It's got the...
 It's a light
 It's gone from Yakult to...
 It's still quite...
 It's a bit carling, isn't it?
 Yes, I would say
 Oh that's very nice
 Is that?
 It's sort of sweet, it's slightly sherbet-y, refreshing
 Maisie, do you want some?
 I'm alright
 I like that more than I like any actual beer
 Yeah, it tastes like cream soda to me
 Oh yeah, cool
 That's what that tastes like
 Delicious
 Okay, great
 Even the way it clings to the glass is very beer-like, isn't it?
 Yeah, they've absolutely nailed it
 Except for the taste
 Well, we were doubters at first but it's very far away from Yakult now, isn't it?
 Yeah
 I'm a convert, I like that
 Is anyone going to...
 No, you can have it, yeah
 Yeah
 Can I tell you a headline from this spring?
 Yeah
 Florida Man uses chat GPT to land plane
 Oh no
 What?
 Really?
 This is a passenger called John Williams
 It was a Boeing 737, quite a big plane
 The plane got into difficult, the pilot got into difficulties rather
 Anyway, I got to the end of this article, was staggered by it
 and found this little footnote at the end
 We thought it would be fun to share a light-hearted article that is not meant to be taken seriously
 It was an April Fool
 It was published on the first...
 And then you look back in the tiny, tiny font they've said published first of April
 But imagine being in a plane, the pilot's taken unwell, you Google it, this is on the first page of results
 Brilliant, you're like, "Thank God!"
 Okay, I'll just get on the chat GPT
 And then getting to the end of the article
 And then you just say, "How do you fly a plane?"
 And it just goes, "A plane?"
 It's a plane, it's a transport instrument
 Ron Atkinson almost had to land a plane once
 Did he?
 Yeah, he was in a flight
 Well, that's what he did
 Oh, Teddy is co-pilot
 God, you're worried chat GPT is landing
 Imagine Mr Bean coming over the tunnel
 So he was flying, I think, with his family
 or certainly a small group of people
 and the plane's pilot sort of just conked out
 and he had to take controls
 and he was flying the plane, they were talking to ground control
 and fortunately they got the pilot back awake
 so he could land it, but potentially
 Wow
 Rowan would have had to have landed his own plane
 God, that would have been a weird awe-haul
 Alright, there you have it, there are all of our outtakes
 If you want to get in touch with me, Andy, James or any of the guests
 Once again, that's Beck Hill, Maisie Adam, Jenny Colgan, David Mitchell
 Sophie Duker, LL Shemahi and almost Neil Gaiman
 You can find them at multiple places
 Be it Twitter, Blue Sky, Threads, Instagram
 Most of them have accounts on those places
 So check them out, go say hi
 and we'll be back again with more Clubfish bonus features
 very soon in the near future, okay
 See you then everyone, have a good one, goodbye
 [Music]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
